
@_date: 1995-08-02 20:40:34
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "The Net" 
I saw it about 1/2 hour ago. I make a point of seeing every computer-related
movie. I don't think real movie-goers would enjoy it much. It's cheap and
unprofessional. Lots of running around, but no real car crashes. The acting is
terrible. The star should NOT have appeared in a bikini. Yech.
They try to "explain this away" by saying that 1) she lived in the neighborhood
for 4 years and never got to know any neighbors (as one of the neighbors tells
the police), 2) her mother's got Alzheimers and doesn't recognize her anymore,
3) she telecommutes for a company in another city and only knows 2 people there
in real life. One gets killed at the beginning; the other gets fired and she
makes no attempt to find him (one of the many loose ends). The computer-related
plot is just slightly more plausible.
(Movies about financial services, like _Wall St_ usually distort reality much
worse than movies about computers. Can you say "creative licence"?)
Yes, everything is done on various PowerMacs, including playing Wolfenstein.
Could be X terminals. Except for a little Duo she gave her shrink/boyfriend,
and a powerbook she used at the beach. IMO, it's better than most such
scenes... It's way better than the scene in Wargames where the computer tries
to pick 10 digits of a password one by one... Not as good as Sneakers...
In a typical suspenseful scene (not a spoiler), the heroine sneaks into an
office and sets off a fire alarm. Everyone leaves, including a villaine, who
doesn't log off. The heroine receives a new e-mail addressed to the villaine,
with the orders to kill the heroine (clearext), signed 'pretorian'. The heroine
types 'whois pretorian' and gets an IP address, but no name. The heroine goes
through what looks like traceroute and obtains the pretorian's name and picture
(but the viewers know his identity from the start, of course). She finishes
saving it to a floppy disk moments before the villaine returns to the cubicle.
(One of the IP bytes was 344, by the way.)
Another time she types "telnet someone at somewhere.mil". Another time she
"hot chats" on an her Mac, and hooks up the text to a voice synthesizer.
(If they all exchange so much e-mail, why do they bother FedExing diskettes?)
They may have been reading the Risks digest too much. :) One guy is apparently
flying his Cessna "by wire", thinks he's approaching the airport, actually hits
a smokestack. Another guy gets wrong medications, twice, and dies. All as
the result of the vilaines changing computer records, of course.
Interestingly, there's NO mention of crypto. Once you know someone's password,
or have physical access to the media, you can read and write everything. Once
you change some data, it's changed. No digital signatures. However, once the
virus melts the villaines' mainframe, their data is gone. No backups. And all
the changes they made in other systems are reversed. Reminded me of _The Wizard
of Oz_ a bit.
In fact, the bad guys were selling everyone a computer security system called
"the Gatekeeper" (a Trojan horse, really), but it's not identified as crypto.
It sounded like access rights are checked by their server. It involves a Web
page with a 'pi' symbol (pi stands for pretorian, of course). Clicking on the
pi while pressing control-shift will display much hexadecimal stuff and then
let the user in through a backdoor. Hmm. Gatekeeper = Bill Gates = Windows 95?
Is that why Apple lent those Macs? :)
There's a character named "CyberBob" who's never seen. He only hot-chats
and eventually gets killed. His icon looks like MS Bob.
I heard only one mention the "the Internet". At the end of the movie, a TV
announcer says that the case was cracked because the "programmer analyst
Angela Bennett e-mailed the evidence to the FBI from the Internet".
(E-mailed from an open-access computer at a computer show, I might add)
We were treated to 5 or 6 previews. One was for another movie called
"The Hackers", on the same topic, coming this summer. Some kids like to
break into systems. The bad guy blackmails someone, frames the kids.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-08-03 17:53:53
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "The Net" 
Tastes vary. If she were my friend, I'd recommend stuffing that bra. :) :) :)
(With something steganographic, of course. :)
I once was a consultant at a small financial services firm, and a (young,
disturbed) user was going around playing stupid pranks on unattended PCs. I
mandated the use of screenblankers that kicked in after 3 minutes of inactivity
and required a password to get back. The user would then reboot the PCs; some
password was needed to get onto the LAN, but he'd mess with the local
config.sys's. He eventually got fired and I do something else.
I see! I remember reading that they discovered in the 30's that if they used a
real phone number in a movie, some people would actually dial it to see what it
is in real life, so all the phone numbers are in the nonexistent 555 exchange.
I guess if a valid IP number were used, some folks would ping it or something.
I guess byte values>255 are the IP equivalent of 555. Better than 127.0.0.1 -
someone might telnet to 127.0.0.1, then ask mgm/ua whose address this is. :)
My 6yr-old's IBM Aptiva comes with a sound board and the software that reads
English text and pronounces it in much more lifelike manner than the gizmo in
the movie. That gizmo sounded annoyingly computer-like, but had intonations
obviously coming from a human actor.
Hotter than any I've had in many, many years...
So, will they ever show some real X-rated hot chat in a real R-rated movie? :)
Better yet, if they were shown sending each other PGP-encrypted e-mail over the
Cypherpunks Anonymous Remailer Network... :) :) Maybe in the next movie.
The notion is very realistic (but the flashy displays in the movie were not).
At the recent PC Expo at the Javitz Center in NYC, there were tens of PCs
running various Web browsers to try out. No one was watching over most of them.
I entered the URL telnet://uunet.uu.net:119, and sure enough, got connected.
It accepted 'IHAVE', but I was too lazy to type in an entire Usenet article.
I (and the heroine) could have telnetted to someone's port 25 just as easily.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-08-03 22:50:13
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "The Net" 
Yes, sorry.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-01 16:10:45
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: ecash lottery (Was: ecash casino) 
What about the income tax on winnings?
I probably would, if I get off my lazy ass to get an ecash account. :)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-03 18:09:30
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Globally legal Netscape 
Correction: tens of millions were killed (including my great-grandfather).
It's interesting to note that the democratic Russian government banned
all unlicenced cryptography this year. (I posted the translation of
Yeltsin's decreee to this list).
 ...
One conspiciously absent example: the Roosevelt administration used the
census data (supposedly confidential) to ferret out persons of Japanese
descent, who were then sent to concentration camps.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-05 20:19:21
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: No Privacy Right on "My" Desktop ? 
James, I do hope I haven't given you the impression that I *like* the
proposed $500 "Internet appliance". These gizmos with no local permanent
storage are antithetical to privacy. If you use it just to browse the
Web, then your hotlist, history, et al would be kept at the ISP's. Most
ISP's are greedy scum who wouldn't hesitate to sell this info to
database maintainers. E.g., someone who accesses a Web page dealing with
asthma might later receive unsolicited e-mail from a company selling
asthma medicine, or even be turned down for employment because the
medical insurance rates would jump based on his history of accessing an
asthma-related Web page. Of course, this might happen when a regular PC
is used to run a browser, but the "NC" would provide much more
opportunity for such data collection, and little or no possibility to
enhance the device with encryption / anonymity.
Still, I predict that quite a few people will buy these things when they
become available: those whose disposable income can accomodate a $500
NC, but not a $1000 PC; those unwilling to feed/care for a real PC, and
only interested in browsing the net; whatever (let Oracle's marketing
people identify their potential customers). No one knows if they'll sell
enough to make money for their makers. I heard that currently one can
buy add-ons to the Phillips CD-interactive and to the Nintendo/SGI game
machine to turn them into Web browsers. I presume they sell.
What I said was, someone selling an add-on product for the "NC"
providing some degree of privacy (a PGP ROM on the PCMCIA port??) might
make a quick buck. I'm not entrepreneurial enough to try it myself.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-06 12:53:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: No More Netscape Comments from Me 
But you can already sell it short. (I.e., you sell shares of Netscape now
for future delivery, hoping that before the time you must deliver them, the
price will go down and you'll be able to buy the shares to cover the sale
at a lower price than you sold them for.)
Someone I know sold a bunch of Netscape short about the time the various
cracks were announced on this mailing list.  Unfortunately for him, the
price didn't go down.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-06 15:29:40
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Note on "Barring Netscape" 
This reminds me of how many many years ago, when IBM and Microsoft were
good friends, earlier version of MS Windows(?) video drivers were
hard-coded not to recognize a video card as being VGA-compatible (or
even EGA-?) unless its ROM had the 3 letters "IBM" at offset 0x1e. The
genuine vanilla IBM card had the words "COPYRIGHT IBM" at that address.
Various clone makers had to put "IBM" at that location to make their
cards work with Windows(?). E.g., I have a Trident VGA card whose ROM
says "RESERVED FOR IBM COMPATIBILITY" positioned so that "IBM" is
exactly at 0x1E. Some other cards just say "IBM" there with no
explanation in adjascent memory.
I think that if some servers refuse to talk to clients unless they see
"Mozilla", then I can't blame Microsoft for impersonating Netscape.
I think the whole protocol is way stupid. Instead of asking the client
for its name, and then looking up in some database what a client with
that name is capable of, a server should ask the client only about the
capabilities that the server is planning to use.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-07 18:43:12
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Geodesic Payment Systems? (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on El 
A few rambling thoughts on the same subject:
I see a couple of risks that a potential customer would consider (akin to the
risks of owning a real-world exotic currency):
1. The risk that she'll accumulate some electronic money and won't be able to
exchange it conveniently for something else (goods, services, other forms of
Imagine holding a quanitity of central-african francs or belarusian zaichiks in
a rural area in American Midwest. This currency may be worth a lot in some
geographical areas (like New York City), but no bank will take it in the
accursed fly-over :). (Someone I know brought back some sheqels from a trip to
Israel and had lots of trouble finding a bank willing to exchange those for US
dollars.) Likewise if your interner connection suddently goes under, you may
not be able to trade your electronic cash until it's restored.
2. The risk that the electronic money will lose its value, e.g., because
someone issues a lot of it. In real life, this is comparable to the situation
where you own, e.g., a pile Mexican pesos, and the government of Mexico decides
to print a lot of pesos, while changing the exchange rate so now you can get
more pesos for a dollar than you could when you got your original pile. Hence,
your pile is worth fewer dollars than it did before.
In real world, gold, silver, beads, fishhooks, whale teeth, whiskey, seashells,
cigarettes have all been used as money (medium of exchange / store of value)
because the users could be certain of their scarcity. There's the risk that
someone will find a way to forge electronic money so its exchange rate will
I see an entrepreneurial opportunity in these risks. I'm not necessarily going
to do it myself, but perhaps someone will find this idea useful.
First, let us recall how in real life currency owners limit their risks by
hedging. A most common hedge is an option. Let's suppose that I hold $1M worth
of DEMs, and can currently readily exchange them for USDs at, say, 1.40. I
enter into a contract with, say, my good friend Alexplore, specifying 2 things:
1. I now pay Alexplore $1,000 (Hey, I'm making this up!!!)
2. At any time during the next 3 months I can give Alexplore my DEM's and he'll
give me back USD's at, say, 1.35. (Of course, the contract specifies the
maximum amount of DEM's I can force him to buy from me.)
If the exchange rate never falls below 1.35 during the 3 months, I let the
option expire and Alexplore keeps the money; my loss of $1000 is his gain. If
the exchange rate does fall below 1.35, I'll probably excersice the option. My
loss is limited to the change from 1.40 to 1.45; any further loss is
Alexplore's (partially offset by the $1000). Alexplore is betting that the
exchange rate won't hit 1.35; I'm just limiting my potential losses.
In effect, Alexplore had sold me an insurance policy with a small deductible.
Another an example familiar to most people is insuring one's car or a house.
Suppose I own a house worth $200,000 (we actually don't) and buy a fire
insurance for $1000. If the house doesn't burn down within a year, the
insurance premium is my loss and the insurer's profit. If it does burn down,
I probably have a claim against the insurer.
Of course, there's an additional small risk that the insurance company will
go under or renege on the contract. Moreover, the insurer can insist that,
e.g., the house be inspected for fire code violations before the policy goes
into effect.
How then can this insurance of assets be emulated with electronic money? Well,
an individual or an organization X that's fairly confident that electronic
money is "safe" could offer offer the following contract: a money-holder Y pays
X an sum of real or electronic money. During a fixed period of time Y may
chooses to ask X to exchange some electronic money (up to a maximum amount
based on the initial payment) for real money at an agreed-upon discounted rate.
For example, Y might pay X $10 for the right to ask X to accept up to $1000 of
(dollar-denominated) electronic money at the rate of 90c of "real" money per
electronic dollar. The exchange rate is discounted so Y won't choose to
exercise the option until there's a real problem with the money (a deductible
of sorts); and the payment required to insure a certain amount of electronic
money is negotiated based on X's and Y's perceptions of the risks involved. If
electronic money works as well as many of us hope it will, then X just made $10
for nothing. But if the money goes bad, then X has assumed most of Y's risk.
X may impose security conditions on Y; e.g., only insure the money that was
received using an X-approved encryption.
For added assurance, X should be independent from the organizations that now
issue electronic money. X also has to convince Y's that he has the resources to
satisfy the claims if the shit hits the fan. Keep in mind that X assumes a
tremendous liability and hopes never to pay up. In the 80's many elderly
investors essentially insured others against a sharp drop in the market.
They were badly hurt during the crashes of 87 and 89.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-13 11:39:56
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Pornographic stories 
If you can read Russian, you can read pornography on soc.culture.russian. :)
I too fail to see the cryptorelevance of this thread... Unless alt.sex.stories
is used for steganography... Alice wants to send a secret message to Bob, so
she posts a porn story to alt.sex.stories, where the key phrase is "That was
the best sex I've ever had", which sounds like a mild hyperbole to most people;
only Bob knows that it really means "the bomb is scheduled to detonate at
midnight." But what's it got to do with writing code??? :) :)
(Does Molly=Lance?)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-15 11:35:22
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: e-mail forwarding, for-pay remailers 
This used to be the case.  However they've fixed this, and won't let you
use your 10 free hours until they have a valid number.
I've been told that Compuserve still accepts any credit card number as long
as the checksum is valid.  I haven't tried it. (Note that as long as you're
only using the "free hours", you're not stealing any services.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-16 07:46:44
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Pornographic stories 
Wouldn't text with a lot of typoes look suspicious? For ultimate silliness,
I've put together the following program to encode 8 bits at a time in an
R-rated sentence:
  BIT(c,n) ((c>>n)&1)
const char*bits[]={
"Senator Exon",                         "L.Ron Hubbard",
"made passionate love to",              "had great sex with",
"Hillary Klinton",                      "J.D.Falk",
"experienced",                          "gave her",
"six",                                  "twelve",
"in",                                   "during",
"one",                                  "a single",
"night",                                "weekend"};
void stegaporn(int c)
printf("%s %s %s and %s %s orgasms %s %s %s.  ",
bits[BIT(c,7)], bits[2+BIT(c,6)], bits[4+BIT(c,5)], bits[6+BIT(c,4)],
bits[8+BIT(c,3)], bits[10+BIT(c,2)], bits[12+BIT(c,1)], bits[14+BIT(c,0)]);
int main(void)
int c;
while (EOF!=(c=getchar()))
 stegaporn(c);
I'm all for it. My site is connected to the rest of the world via dial-up
UUCP, I haven't touched the setup in 5 years, and am not planning to.
It might be interesting to have a variation of dial-up UUCP where site 1
passes encrypted stuff to site 2 and doesn't quite know what site 3 they're
supposed to go on to. Sort of like the remailers with encryption.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-20 07:44:48
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: revised time quantization package (Unix & WIN32) available 
Karl, are you an unpaid volunteer at AT&T, or do you quit your job every
time you read your e-mail?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-20 08:11:18
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Which countries don't allow encryption ? 
More or less. President Yeltsin's edict of April 3, 1995, prohibits the
use of encryption without a licence from FAPSI. I've been told that
"everybody" continues to use PGP and no one's had any trouble yet.
However in today's climate I can imagine a Western business blatantly
violating the edict, being threatened with prosecution, and being shaken
down for a bribe... For a peace of mind, why don't your correspondents
go to FASPI and simply ask for a licence. They're nice people.
You might have more of a problem in France, where, as far as I know, you
must deposit your cryptographic keys with the government, so it may read
your correspondence. Soon this may be required in the U.S. as well.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-24 04:27:54
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: CFS and Linux 
I have the impression that the vast majority of free Unix stuff, even
systems-related, runs well under Linux. Some program have problems with flavors
of Unix. E.g., I remember how much trouble it was to get pcomm to run under
SunOS. I see nothing at all "obnoxious" about this polite request to fix CFS. I
see tons of polite requests to fix free stuff on Usenet.
Perry, one doesn't need to mail someone a Linux machine, or pay for a new
computer. One can install it easily in a partition on a non-dedicated PC
running Windows, and boot it and MS DOS alternatively. I got the latest Linux
CD from $12 from Morse Communications. Or, one can download Linux. Most people
have an Intel box somewhere. Linux is free, and comes with source code.
Everyone I know who writes code serously has at least tried Linux. No everyone
uses it for serious work, but everyone at least played with it. Not having even
tried suggests (to me) a regrettable lack of intellectual curiosity.
After using both Linux and SCO Unix Extensively on Intel boxes, I can attest
that Linux is much less buggy and better supported (via Usenet) than SCO.
(*Unix is no longer a trademark of AT&T Bell Labs)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-24 23:10:19
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: CFS and Linux 
I wonder which of the participants are Lance...
There's been a bit of confusion here. Perry Metzger stated that Matt Blaze
doesn't have Linux and shouldn't support it. Naturally, this got a few Linux
fans (like myself) overly emotional. Matt Blaze later said that he does have
Linux (contrary to what Perry said), that CFS installs fine, under his version,
and that he's been unable to duplicate the problem reported here (but will
include a fix in future distributions if someone supplies it). It's a perfectly
reasonable position. In particular, this is a much more reasonable position
than the anal-retentive one most MS Windows freeware authors take when you ask
them about running their programs under WinOS2. I told Matt what I thought of
this in private e-mail. _I_ don't have a problem with Matt Blaze.
My conjecture is that during this long holiday weekend certain contributors
are taking recreational drugs before posting to the mailing list.
That's what's wrong with the net in general. 10+ years ago, when I started
using it, it was hard to use e-mail and Usenet, so most of the people using it
had to be fairly intelligent. Today, no intelligence is required to use e-mail,
or even a cpunks anonymous remailer. I wish crypto software and mail filtering
software followed the suit and became as easy to use and transparent at the
rest of our comm software.
I've been communicating with one sci.crypt personality, who configured his
procmail to accept e-mail only from a list of people he knows. To be able to
send him e-mail, I had to contact him by other means and ask him to add my name
to the list of approved correspondents. :) He's not checking digital
signatures, just the from lines. (By the way, he's not on cypherpunks because
he considers the level of crypto expertise here to be too low.)
Is this where we're heading?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-25 07:19:06
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: CFS and Linux 
Not at all -- I welcome all progress. My first modem was 110 bps.  When we
got a 300 bps one, it seemed lightning fast (and really cut down the LD bill
for the data calls to Virginia). In fact, I'm very happy that easy-to-use
Internet software enables people to use the net who couldn't do it before.
I've been telling all my non-computer acquaintences to get onto the net
for 5--8 years, but most of them did only in the last year or two.
I wish there was real easy privacy-enhancement software that every
"clueless newbie" could use. Maybe in PGP 3...
Alas, this is what the future net will be like. Some out-of-band
communication will be necessary before e-mail can be exchanged;
or perhaps there will be a protocol to enable Alice to write Bob
(who doesn't know Alice) and say: "You don't know me, but Carol
vouches that it's worth your while for you to read my e-mail."
Or Alice can ask Carol to e-mail Bob directly.
Is something like this already available for FTP? :)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-25 21:26:56
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
This is much better than nothing. This would stop the e-mail being
sent to everyone who's ever posted to Usenet. I see a couple of attacks:
1. Alice only accepts signed e-mail from Bob. Carol receives a signed e-mail
from Bob to Carol, sends 10,000 e-mails to Alice (via sendmail) with From: bob,
same body+signature, possibly varying message-ids and subjects.
2. Alice only accepts signed e-mail from Bob. Carol, a rogue sysadmin,
intercepts an e-mail from Bob to Alice, sends 10,000 more copies of it to Alice
(via sendmail) with From: bob, possibly varying message-ids and subjects.
As I keep pointing out, pgp-signing the body is not enough.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-26 01:43:47
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
I'll be delighted if someone convinces me that I'm wrong about this.
I may even start using PGP signatures. :)
Carol needn't put her real name in the "From:" line.  Much of the unsolicited
commercial junk e-mail comes from bogus addresses.
I said, Carol can *forge* the RFC 822 header, so her e-mails look like they
came from Bob, and use the body from Bob's authentic PGP-signed message.
For example, Bob may have once sent Carol an e-mail that looked like this:

@_date: 1995-12-26 10:21:59
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
Keeping a hash of the signed part sounds like an excellent defense from the
attack of recycled messages. "Your mail blah blah is being returned to you
because it appears to be similar to the e-mail you send on dd/mm/yy". Cool.
When thinking of a protocol, it's useful to consider what do we do in "real
life" to reach an important person: Either ask a common acquiantance to
introduce you, or go through a secretary.
Say, Alice wants to send e-mail to Bob who doesn't accept e-mail to strangers.
Alce may learn that Bob accepts Carol's e-mail, and ask Carol to forward
Alice's e-mail to Bob (with Carol's signature).
An interesting idea would be for Bob (together with other people) to pay some
David to screen their e-mail received from strangers (manually, or with the
help of some programs) and to decide whether to pass them on to Bob or to
discard it. E-mail from known senders goes straight to Bob, and e-mail from
strangers goes to David the screener. Not unlike "real life".
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-28 05:56:52
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Bidzos on C-span 
I was very impressed by Bidzos's talk to C-Span. I'm sorry I didn't tape it.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-29 04:16:40
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
I think the underlying problem is that the way PGP signatures are used by most
people, they validate a text, but allow it to be quoted out of context in an
e-mail or Usenet forgery. E.g., suppose Alice posts a PGP-signed text in
alt.sex. Bob forges a Usenet article in misc.kids, making it look like it came
from Alice and quoting her PGP-signed body. Alice will have a tough time
convincing the public that she didn't post it -- after all, her signature
verifies. (There are many people on the net who don't comprehend the
argument that the Path: is clearly bogus). Or: Bob writes Alice a sexually
explicit letter and forgets to say "Dear Alice" in the signed block. Alice
forges an e-mail to Carol, making it look like it came from Bob and quoting
the signed block. Bob would have to realy on the analysis of Received:
headers to repudiate such a forgery.
I suggest to the kind folks working on PGP 3 that there should be a standard
protocol to include within the signed portion the information on when and for
whom this text is written: i.e. the list of e-mail recipients and/or Usenet
newsgroups, which could be easily compared with the RFC 822/1036 headers of
an e-mail/Usenet article. Perhaps there could be a new option for PGP to look
_outside_ the signed block and match the headers with what's inside the
block. E.g., suppose the signature block says: this text was written by
alice at zog.org, posted to alt.sex and alt.sex.banal and e-mailed to
bob at masons.com. Suppose PGP is asked to check the signature in a file that
purports to be a e-mail or a Usenet article and has some headers before the
signed portion. If there is a list of To: recipients, and it includes someone
other than the recipients listed within the signed block; or if there is
a Newsgroups: header, and it includes newsgroups not listed within the signed
portion; then the input is bogus. For compatibility with the existing
software, if the signed block doesn't include this info, then this checking
should't be done, of course.
(Yes, one could do this with a wrapper to PGP, making the whole thing even
more user-hostile.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-29 16:14:52
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution (long) 
I've been engaged in a lively debate with a few members of the cypherpunks
mailing list about forgeries that are hard to repudiate even if PGP signatures
are used. One of the participants suggested that I post a summary to
alt.privacy.pgp and sci.crypt, which is just what I'm doing.
(My apologies to the mail.cypherpunks readers who already saw much of
this once.)
I'll illustrate the problem with several scenarios of forgeries.
(It's funny that earlier today I was showing a friend how easy it is to
post forgeries. She seemed suitably impressed. :)
Scenario 1:
Bob once sent Carol an e-mail that looked like this:

@_date: 1995-12-30 12:30:22
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: last straw 
One could go one step further -- use free trial accounts to go to their
local boards and chat rooms and tell the truth, uring others to leave.
By the way, Cantor & Siegal were long-time CompuServe users before spamming
Usenet with their green card ad.
A friend of mine tried to use CS to read Usenet and reported the following:
* There's a very small limit on the size of an article to post to Usenet;
* There's a tremendous delay before Usenet articles pass through their
* He saw many articles at other sites that never made it to CS; he estimated
that about 30-50% of Usenet articles just never get thru;
* The expiration in many high-volume newsgroups is 3 days or less.
(I don't know how true this is; his impressions may be wrong.)
When he complained to CS about it, he was told that CS doesn't position itself
as an Internet service provider. They have a lot of proprietary content that's
not available via the internet. They don't expect people to use their services
to use Usenet or Internet e-mail.
And now comes the *point*:
There's much information on CompuServe that cannot be accessed from the outside.
One example is the very informative National Computer Security Association's
forum. I think it would be a fitting response if NCSA removed their forum
from CS. (There are other such for-pay forums, like SovSet', which can be
accessed from the internet without paying anything to CompuServe).
As it stands, there are people who will maintain their CS accounts to access
the NCSA forum (even though they find CS's actions repugnant). If you don't
like it, encourage the NCSA to move their forum elsewhere.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 00:46:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: another anonymous poster helping to destroy our rights 
Yes. I've exchanged several e-mails with LD.  LD is much smarter.
(Unless he's playing dumb... :)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 00:49:17
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: easy avoidance of PGP signature forgeries and reuse 
Good - that's just what I've proposed :). However right now the overwhelming
majority of people who PGP-sign their writings, don't include a copy of the
headers within the signed portion.
Those few who do, all seem to use different formats, so the signed headers
cannot be easily compared to the headers in the actual envelope by a program.
I propose a format below.
I totally agree; that's why I propose copying that info in the signed portion
"by default".
I don't think that a protocol for signing headers that requires mime/multipart
is going to be widely used, especially for Usenet postings. I've thought about
it and came up with the following idea for the syntax:
----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----
some text
----BEGIN PGP SIGNED HEADERS----
Newsgroups: group[,group]...
----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----
Version 2.6.2
----END PGP SIGNATURE----
The "signed headers" portion may contain the following optional fields:
in RFC 822 To: and Cc: headers (not the Bcc: recipients). Addresses mangled
by various gateways shouldn't verify.
Newsgroups: group[,group]... -- the newsgroups from the RFC 1036 header
The sequence of events would be:
* pick the addressees and the newsgroups + compose the text
* sign the signed portion
* post/e-mail the result to the specified addressees/newsgroups.
(Of course, the poster could lie and claim in the signed portion that the
article is being posted to alt.sex.pedo when he himself posts it to misc.kids:)
If a standard like this catches on, and is integrated into PGP-aware
news/e-mail programs, then it's a simple exercise to write a little script to
look for BEGIN PGP SIGNED HEADERS and compare the information inside it with
the RFC 822/1036 headers outside the signed portion of the message. It could
be done within PGP too.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 01:23:13
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Chinese Cypherpunk quote  [NOISE] 
One of the things Adolph Hitler and Bill Clinton have in common is that
both were democratically elected leaders.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 05:40:15
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: anon.penet addresses in .sigs 
I recall that anon.penet.fi can be used by those whose mailers don't allow
them to add new headers -- the extra headers can be placed in at the top
of the body and it'll recognize them.  Likewise cypherpunk remailers let
you add headers with  I've taught at least one extremely "non-technical"
user to use the cypherpunks remailers successfully.
Like, negative????? :)
My question was "why". I think I see the answer now.  Thank you.
Happy New Year!
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 09:59:12
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Is Dr Fred Cohen a Loon??? 
The following comment has zero crypto relevance and should not be construed
as an attack on and/or a defense of any particular net.personality:
Without commenting on the quality of anyone's contributions to this mailing
list, let me remind you that Dr. Fred Cohen received his Ph.D. after writing a
very innovative thesis on computer viruses, a classic in his field. He has
every right to call himself "Dr." if he wants to.
In my experience, people who get so hysterical when a Ph.D. calls himself or
herself Dr. are invariably Ph.D. dropouts who wasted many years of their lives
trying and failing to attain a Ph.D. and are bitterly envious of those who have
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 13:54:18
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Is Dr Fred Cohen a Loon??? 
[yet another very long flame directed at Dr. Fred Cohen]
                                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I wonder why you put your anon.penet.fi address in your signature.
There may be a perfectly reasonable explanation that I didn't think of :)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-12-31 15:23:21
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Is Dr Fred Cohen a Loon??? 
This is fascinating! Could you please explain (for the benefit of clueless
Ph.D.'s like myself) how putting your anon id in your signature enables folks
to send you anonymous e-mail, who couldn't do that before by e-mailing
anon at anon.penet.fi and adding:
X-Anon-To: erc at dal1820.computek.net
(E-mailing erc%dal1820.computek.net at anon.penet.fi might work too.)
I do see how it stops you from being anonymous when you post via that
particular anon.penet.fi address, but that's a different issue.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-01 07:32:05
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Can We Cut the Crap? 
Or Chris Shalutis, or Ed Carp, or Perry Metzger...
Too bad majordomo at toad.com can't be instructed not to send contributions from
certain folks to certain other folks.  I guess I'll have to figure out how
to use procmail with this thing after all.
Happy New Year,
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-07-26 08:44:46
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey 
I seem to recall that COCOM voted itself out of existence last year.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-07-31 06:40:21
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "Codebreakers" on PBS 
If this is the rerun of the show Nova had in march 94, then I highly
recommend it.  I taped it and showed it to the undergrad class on computer
security I taught that semester.  The kids loved it.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-09 04:12:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: using PGP only for digital signatures 
I've had to deal with I-9 twice in the last 6 months; both times they happily
accepted my U.S.Passport as both the proof of identity and the proof of work
authorization. The naturalization certificate is a little tricky because it's
not supposed to be photocopied. I suppose the h.r. would take it (because it's
listed on the I-9) and photocopy it despite the warning on it. :)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-18 09:09:02
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security  [NOISE] 
Fred is right. I used to work for Goldman Sachs & their internet usage policy
stated that when you write to Internet or Usenet from a GS account, it will
reflect on the firm no matter how you disclaim it.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-19 00:54:01
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: WRITTEN CODE 
Amen. If you have something crypto-relevant to post, please do. As the amount
of noise on this list rises, the meaningful discussion goes away. Please help
reverse this trend.
Or if some anal-retentive jerk flames you, ignore him. Even if you make a naive
mistake in your post, and someone corrects it, both you and probably other
readers of this list will learn from it.
Curious how in qc they say 'fin the semaine' while in France proper everybody
says 'weekend'.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-19 00:54:16
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Oracle's "internet terminal" 
The recent issue of _Computer Reseller News_ has a couple of items on the
"internet terminal" being readied by Oracle. I'll quote a couple of
crypto-relevant excerpts:
1. Interview with Larry Ellison (Oracle Corp's Chairman/CEO)
Q. How far along are you in the development of the $500 Internet Network
A. We'll be delivering the prototype machines this year with full production in
the third quarter next year.
Q. Will you release Application Programing Interfaces for the Oracle browser
and server?
A. We will use industry-standard APIs that are accepted by everybody, not
Microsoft-proposed APIs.
Q. What differentiates the Oracle Web products from competitive offerings in
terms of pricing and technology?
A. There will be standard Web payment schemes. We'll use them, as will
everybody else. We won't differentiate ourselves on basic payment schemes. The
thing that will differentiate us is security protocols, the ability to use text
processing, database processing, video processing, our video server technology
and our powerful client.
2. Ellison's field of dreams - $500 PC (by Ken Yamada)
... Oracle's chairman and chief executive, Lawrence Ellison, previewing his
latest futuristic vision at a trade show last month in Geneva, said Oracle is
developing the computer and that it will be shown early next year. The desktop
version of the new system, called a "network computer" and referred to as an
"NC" rather than a PC, is expected to sell for about $500 and will use Internet
servers to do the bulk of its computing. Basic hardware will include an
inexpensive microprocessor, a small amount of memory, a monitor and a keyboard,
but the device will lack storage and software. [I guess, they mean no permanent
storage or software other than the browser in ROM. No remembered state, no
viruses... -DV]
... The Redwood Shores, Calif., company is developing the computer's operating
system and technical design, but the unit will be produces by hardware
manufacturers, said Farzad Dibachi, an Oracle senior vice president. While
Dibachi would not name specific manufacturers, he explained that Oracle's
participation in the device's technical development was similar to the role it
played in developing a digital television set-top box with Apple Computer,
which produced the box's hardware. ... Oracle plans to sell software that turns
World Wide Web sites essentially into central processing units for the new
computers. ...
"If computing is to go to the masses and we're doing electronic commerce," said
Dibachi in a telephone interview from Geneva, "you have to have devices that
are simpler."
Oracle's Laursen said he expectes that eventually many different companies will
manufacture the devices, which he described as an entire line of products
encompassing two-way pagers, intelligent telephones, mobile computers, desktop
systems and television set-top boxes. Each of these devices would rely on the
Internet to do its core processing work. He said he expected Oracle to develop
as many as 50 working prototypes by early next year.
... Oracle also plans to leverage its wireless communications software products
and give some of the devices wireless capabilities. "We're still trying to
figure out what processor to put in," Laursen said. Under consideration are
chips from Mips Technologies and Motorola Inc.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-19 10:34:15
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Anderson on SSL 
One of the mags I get for free is called _OEM_. It recently ran an interview
with Marc Anderssen from Netscape. I'll key in a few crypto-relevant passages.
Q. Everyone's looking for ways to make money on the World Wide Web. What is the
future for advertisers on the Web?
A. Advertisements in an interactive medium definitely function best as a
service; really, the line between advertising, informational marketing and
direct sales blurs incredibly quickly. I expect a lot of creativity to be
devoted to pulling people into commercial sites and keeping them there,
including continuing sponsorship of innovative content.
Q. Do you see many small transactions as a possible model for making money on
the Web?
A. Tiny transactions will be a part of the grand scheme of things. They'll make
possible the 2-cent joke of the day and lots of appropriate forms of content.
Q. How will people deal with getting costs down for each transaction to eke out
a profit?
A. That's the challenge for the companies that intent to make money processing
tiny transactions. I can't wait to see who does it first.
Q. Now that the InterNIC has started to charge for domain names, do you, as an
Internaut, miss the anarchistic, "anything goes" community the Net once was?
A. The Internet was never really anarchistic and "anything goes". It was always
a cooperative venture that everyone derived benefit from. That's pretty much
the case.
In fact, I still get a thrill -- more now than ever -- when I go through
directories like Yahoo. There's much more out there on the Net now. Everything
is accelerating.
Q. Do you think that the Netspace's Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is the de facto
standard for Internet security now?
A. SSL is a de facto standard, widely adopted throughout the industry by
Microsoft, Novell, Apple, IBM, Sun, Digital Equipment, Intel, MasteCard, Visa,
etc. The security space is a very broad space, though, and SSL solves a
specifically defined set of problems: encryption and authentication for a
secure data channel over TCP/IP.
There are many other problems yet to solve. Other protocols will play a role in
solving those problems, and we will support them.
Q. What happened to the deal with Enterprise Integration Technologies and its
Secure Hypertext Protocol (S-HTTP), which was Netscape's only real competition
in the area of secure server software?
A. Early this year, we announced that Netscape (along with IBM/Prodigy, America
Online and Compuserve) became an investor and partner in Terisa Systems, which
was previously a joint venture of EIT and RSA Data Security. All Parties agreed
to support both SSL and S-HTTP.
Unfortunately, Terisa has been unable to ship its toolkit, so things haven't
gone as well as we had all hoped. In the meantime, virtually everyone is
supporting SSL [but not S-HTTP].
Q. Do you think that your server software, and especially your protocol Secure
Courier, will lessen the public perception that credit-card entries aren't safe
on the Net?
A. I think it's happening. We're in the middle of a broad shift in consumer
behavior, and there will be a lot of exciting things happening over the next
few years as a result. Things are definitely warming up right now.
Of course, one of the great things about doing business on the Net is that it's
a lot cheaper for the merchant than doing business in the "real" world. One of
the broad trends we're starting to see is that a lot of entrepreneurial
companies will be coming up on the Net. They, more than anyone, will help drive
the shift in consumer behavior by offering innovative goods and services and
innovative ways.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-20 02:59:32
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Anonymity and Intellectual Capital 
I think this setup would be totally appropriate for the kinds of services or
merchandize where the buyer may determine at the time of payment whether the
product is what it's billed to be; and needs no warranty or service. In other
words, forger any implied warranty of merchantability and go back to Roman
Law's "caveat emptor".
E.g., if you buy an office chair with a 90-day money back guarantee, you have
90 days to discover defects and return it; you want to be able to get hold of
the seller if you have to. On the other hand, if you buy some shares of IBM,
once you're satisfied that these really are IBM shares and the other party can
sell them, I don't think you need to know anything more about the seller. In
fact, in the real stock market most investors go through 2 brokers and usually
have no idea who you're buying these shares from.
I haven't seen anyone respond, so I'll ramble on.
A bond is general is an instrument that you buy from an organization that's
trying to raise capital (e.g., a company or a municipality). For example, you
might buy for $600 a bond issued by some, who promises to pay you $50 twice a
year for the next 20 years, and then pay you another $1000 in 20 years (at
maturity). Thus, the organization that issues the bond is borrowing money from
the investor and then pays interest on it. There are slight variations, like
zero-coupon bonds, which don't make a periodic payments, but pay the lump sum
at maturity. I heard that in Europe they have perpetual bonds, which never
mature. (When you buy bonds, you take certain risks: the issuer may default and
not make the promised payments; the interest rates may go up, so you would have
gotten better return in a CD; etc; but that's besides the point.)
Obviously, there's an aftermarket in bonds. An investor may want a $700 now,
rather than $1000 in 20 years, so s/he sells the bond to another investor
(generally, the less time is left to maturity, the smaller the discount from
the par value). How does the organization that issued the bonds know who is
supposed to receive the periodic coupon payments?
In the past, many bonds were "bearer instruments". The owner of the bond had in
his or her physical posession a piece of paper entitling him to the periodic
payments, and transferred the piece of paper to the new owner when the bond was
sold. To collect the payments due the owner, someone had to present the piece
of paper to the bond issuer's agent. The agent would remove a physical coupon
from the piece of paper and give the bearer some money.
(Think of a movie ticket -- its bearer is admitted to see a movie and doesn't
have to identify himself beyond presenting the ticker.)
The problem with this system, from the point of view of the Internal Revenue
Service and other U.S.Gov't agencies, was that the bearer could be anonymous
and did not have to identify his/herself beyond presenting the piece of paper
entitling him/her to the payment. This, they could in principle not declare
these payments on their income tax return and the IRS would have a tough time
tracking them down.
So, about 20 or so years ago, the U.S.Congress required bond issuers to tell
the IRS who received their bond payments. No more anonymity, no more bearer
bonds. (My papers are in the office, so this could in fact be more draconian --
U.S. people prohibited from owning bearer bonds issued by European companies.)
In comparison, if you own stock in a company, your stock certificate is never a
bearer instrument. The corporation knows its shareholders of record, sends them
their dividends, and tells the IRS whom it sent the dividends. When you have an
interest-bearing account at a bank, a SS# is associated with it (or else you
pay penalties) and the IRS is informed about any interest you've earned.
The fact that bearer bonds were outlawed suggests that if and when new ways are
invented to conduct financial transactions that are conductive to tax evasion
(e.g., using anonymous electronic payments), they too may become outlawed.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-21 09:27:16
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security  [NOISE] 
If that's what Dr. Fred said, then I strongly disagree. (Sorry, I haven't
been following what Dr. Fred said very closely. Can you blame me? :)
Btw, Goldman has a very reasonable Internet use policy that encourages
employees to get accounts on commercial internet providers.
Btw^2, didn't Sun fire someone a couple of years ago for posting a homophobic
joke to Usenet?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-22 04:10:13
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security [NOISE] 
I fully agree. I'm not arguing with you.
If you meant "disclaim that they are NOT speaking for the company", then that's
what I was saying too. Moreover, I think that if someone known to work for Sun
posts from Netcom about Sun products, policies, and future plans, s/he'll have
both higher credibility and higher responsibility to the readers than a
proverbial person from the street.
(Sorry for not being able to take this to e-mail.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-22 13:23:12
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security [NOISE] 
Unfortunately, most employers won't accept this. A couple of years ago Sun
Micro fired Philip Stromer for posting homophobic jokes to Usenet. A good
friend of mine was fired from Microsoft for sending politically incorrect
articles to a Ukrainian mailing list. (He was born in Ukraine.) Someone
complained to MS and he was axed. Interestingly, most of his offensive messages
came from his CompuServe account; only a couple of tamer ones were from his
microsoft.com address. The complainer and Microsoft apparently felt that since
he was known to work for Microsoft, it didn't matter that he posted mostly from
I think Goldman's policy on Internet use is pretty reasonable. I'm attaching
at the end a couple of interesting e-mails that explain their philosophy.
Hmm... If it looks remotely like marketing, it'd better carry the usual
disclaimers that past returns are no indication of future returns etc. :)
Even in the first case, the poster is using a Goldman e-mail address, which is
comparable to using Goldman stationery to write a personal letter. If he says
something pro- or anti-gun/abortion that might antagonize a potential client
and cause him not to do business with GS, then GS is right not to like this.
I think these disclaimers are just silly and can't be taken seriously.
If he posted an article to alt.sex.pedophile discussing his desire to have
sex with children, surely this would reflect on Goldman no matter how he
disclaimed it, and he would deservedly be in trouble.
Goldman's policy seems to indicate that if you post from a commercial
ISP and don't claim to speak on behalf of Goldman, they don't care what
they say. This is better than some...
But consider this hypo. Joe Shmoe, an analyst with GS Research, posts an
article to misc.invest.* saying that he likes stock XYZZY. He posts from
another ISP and doesn't mention that he works for Goldman. But one of the many
kooks that invest misc.invest.* recognized Joe and shouts: *LOOK! THIS IS JOE
SHMOE FROM GS RESEARCH! *. At which point, the readers take Joe Shmoe's
postings much more seriously, and Goldman asks him whether he's put XYZZY on
the restricted list. (Disclaimer: I definitely don't speak for Goldman and am
just supposing what might happen in a situation like this :)
I would venture as far as to say that if you post from Netcom, but are known to
work for X, then you have much more crediblity speaking about X's products or
future plans that some unknown person. Your reputation is thus both enhanced by
X and partially owned by X. X would be within its right to ask you not to speak
about X's affairs in public. The readers would have the right to assume that
you know more about X's affairs and deicision-making than someone from the
street. Greater credibility carries with it greater responsibility, both to X
and to the readers. If you want a reputation that's independent from X, you
could get an ISP account under an assumed name, or post via an anonymous
remailer, and build a reputation from scratch.
Here are a couple of quotes regarding Goldman's Internet usage guidelines:

@_date: 1995-11-23 08:09:34
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security [NOISE] 
People who realize this, and use a University account to make "politically
incorrect" statements, may be in for a rude surprise. Examples are posted way
too frequently to alt.censorship.
It was definitely dumb of Stromer to have posted from a Sun account. However
I'm sure that if he had posted from something like Netcom, and if he were known
to work for Sun, some guardians of political correctness would have complained
to Sun anyway. When I was in grad school, people used to complain to the grad
school about my politically incorrect writings coming from this BBS, which is
not affiliated with the school in any way (some of them were even forged :).
Since I've bothered digging up the following quote, I might as well post it:
Philip H. Stromer:
Contrib. post:
 He was another hate-filled bigot who posted rants about homosexuality.
He became obsessed with the idea that anal sex would wear out the
muscles of the digestive tract, causing incontinence; he also posted
long gloating messages about "AIDS-infested faggots".
 Eventually, Sun Microsystems fired him for breach of contract, for
posting messages which were intimidating and harassing to other
employees.  He sued them, and lost.  Appeared again from some
commercial site or other, but soon sunk out of view.
 A salutory lesson to those who believe that the Internet is a license
to spew bigotry.
 Oh yeah. I've read this clown's rantings from time to time, and the one
thing that occurs to me is that he and little Danny Karnes may be the same
person. This isn't a _claim_ that they are, mind you, but you'd hardly
know any better from their posts.
 (from the Business section of the San Jose Mercury News,
Friday, July 31, 1992)
"Email epithets spark Sun lawsuit" by Brandon Bailey
 By his own admission, Philip Stromer liked to push the
boundaries of good taste when he sent out jokes and
political statements on his employer's electronic mail network.
 But according to a lawsuit filed this week in Santa
Clara County Superior Court, Stromer pushed too far.
 The 32-year-old technical writer says he was fired by
Sun Microsystems in April after he sent a series of
email messages that were anything but politically correct.
 The messages were posted on an electronic bulletin
board used by Sun workers to exchange jokes and
running commentary on a variety of topcis unrelated to their jobs.
 "I was just trying to make conversation," Stromer
said in an interview.  "I would normally take whatever position was unpopular."
 His electronic broadsides ranged from pro-Israel
and anti-abortion arguments to jokes about AIDS
and graphic epithets about gays.  Eventually he
signed on to a nationwide computer network using
his terminal at Sun and typed what he described
as "some very extremely nasty stuff" on a bulletin
board used primarily to exchange sarcastic insults and vitriolic humor.
 A Sun spokeswoman said the company would not comment.
 The case raises interesting questions about the
increasing popularity of electronic bulletin
boards and message systems on which users can
type all kinds of outrageous statements without
having to look their audience in the eye.  Stromer
says he always signed his own name to his messages
and never meant to threaten anyone personally.
But several legal experts say that anti-discrimination
laws require management to step in when employees
create an atmosphere that is hostile or intimidating to any group.
 "An occasional joke, maybe," said Patricia Shiu, staff
attorney at the non-profit Employment Law Center in
San Francisco.  "But if an employer (allows) that kind
of thing repeatedly, he exposes himself to liability
for allowing a discriminatory environment."
 In his lawsuit, Stromer claims his bosses violated his
right to free expression.  He said he was just trying
to liven up the conversations that Sun employees routinely
conduct on a variety of email bulletin boards.  And he
compared himself with comedian Lenny Bruce.  (Stromer
said he had been scolded before but he drew his first
written reprimand from Sun for a joke about AIDS and
Magic Johnson, and another about AIDS and anal sex.)
"This type of exchange... is deemed by Sun management
to show poor judgment and blatant disregard for the
feelings of coworkers," said the reprimand.
 By Stromer's account, he was fired after he used his
work computer to hurl messages including graphic epithets
at gays across a national network.  The network automatically
identified the messages as coming from a Sun computer.
 Stromer is acting as his own attorney.  He said he sought
help from the American Civil Liberties Union and a
conservative foundation but both told him his employer
had a right to regulate his speech on company computers.
= = =
[Typed in by sf at dec and reposted w/o his permission, which is why
I'm leaving his name off / JBL]
 Aha. So _that's_ the reason he ceased to infest alt.flame! I just thought that
his net access had been stripped, like a kook of a different stripe (I'm
referring to the dreaded David J. Rasmussen, of course), but I probably
just ran into his post-Sun output instead.
One does wonder how working for a company justifies the posting of such
crapola via a system the company owns. Ah well...
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-24 03:47:47
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security [NOISE] 
Yes. On the positite side, the readers are likely to take more seriously
someone who's known to work for the company whose products he's discussing.
E.g., if someone writes from Netcom about Java, and I happen to know that he
works for Sun (even in a totally unrelated division), I'll suspect that he may
know more about Sun products than someone whose affiliation I don't know, and
I'll pay a little more attention to his writings.
The periodic Usenet post _What is Usenet? A second opinion_ by Edward Vielmetti
 says:
]- Disclaimers are worthless.  If you post from foobar.com, and put a note
]  on the bottom "not the opinions of foobar inc.,", you may satisfy the
]  lawyers but your corporate reputation still will be affected.  To maintain
]  a separate net.identity, post from a different site.
I agree that disclaimers are worthless. I don't agree that they would satisfy
the lawyers.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-25 15:18:27
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: crypto for porno users 
I recall that a man was recently convicted in Canada on child pornography
charges (sorry, can't recall the exact statute name) for, basically, drawing
naked kids on his computer. No children were harmed, or otherwise involved in
producing the material, but the courts found it to be child pornography.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-29 05:20:54
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The future will be easy to use 
One thing that David didn't mention is security add-ons to the "network
computers" that are supposed to be rolled out within the next few months --
the successors to X terminals, $500 boxes with a good screen/sound,
cheap cpu, and a few megs of ram and flash memory to hold a web browser.
I expect some folks to make a good living by writing add-ons (including
crypto add-ons) to these gizmos.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-11-30 21:09:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The future will be easy to use 
For most goods, yes. But one could use a stolen credit card, e.g., to set
up an account on AOL / CompuServe and download tons of software, charging
it to the card.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-02 04:41:22
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m 
Many other newsgroups are affected by such net.abuse (Vorobiev-style forged
cancels based on contents); I just saw some messages on forged cancels in
soc.culture.jewish and soc.culture.german. I think running Lazarus-like
programs in _all_ newsgroups would be an extremely Good Idea.
Alas, the time when people used to contribute their time and equipment for
the public good of the net seems to be over. Peraps I'm just dreaming; or
perhaps Dave Hayes will like the following idea enough to implement it.
Also, I think it's a matter of time before some Cancelpoodle figures to put
'light' into the Path: of its Vorobiev-style forged cancels; then they will not
be seen by lighlink.com where Lazarus now runs. This needs to be addressed.
Anyway, here are my thoughts on this proposal:
There would be a collection (at least 5 or 6) of cancel-watchers (sort of like
the deamons that now watch misc.test) all over the world. They should be
well-connected (preferrably, one hop away from sites like uunet,
howland.reston.ans.net, etc).
Each watcher would look at incoming articles in "control", and whenever it sees
a cancel, it would replace its own uucp name in the path by something like
ellipsis (to keep it confidential) and forward the cancel to a central
cataloguer (singly or in batches). E.g., is a watcher at xyzz123.uucp saw a
cancel with the header
Path: xyz123!howland.reston.ans.net!someplace
it would send it to the cataloguer with the Path: replaced by
Path: ...!howland.reston.ans.net!someplace
The cataloguer would wake up every few hours (for example), group the collected
cancels by message-ids of the cancelled articles, and e-mail reports to the
(distinct) addresses (other than "usenet or "news mentioned in the
"From:", "Sender:", "Authorized:", and "X-Cancelled-By:" headers, and quoting
the entire cancel and the Path's as seen at different sites by the
cancel-watchers. This way, if the cancel is forged, its author will learn
within hours that it has been fraudulently cancelled and will automatically
receive enough Path: samples from all over the world to see where it was
posted, by comparing the Path headers in several copies of cancels.
A user or an entire site should be able to "opt out" of having its cancels
reported by sending a command to the cataloguer.
There should be a limit of, say, no more than 100 such notifications sent to a
site in one batch (to prevent too much traffic in the event of really massive
forged cancellation).
I don't have the resources to do this right now, but I would be happy if some
civic-minder netters took this proposal and ran with it.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-02 08:52:45
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" Newsgroup vs. Mailing List? 
This sounds like a very good idea to me too. Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-04 12:47:47
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m 
[alt.religion.scientology restored, since that's where most of the discussion
of forged cancels has been taking place so far ]
Because of the prevalence of forged cancels, my site just ignores all cancels.
Unfortunately, most other sites, including our feeds, honor forged cancels.
[Good suggestions skipped]
The cancellation mechanism described in RFC 1036 does not use digital
signatures, but is based on the honor system. RFC 1036 says in section 3.1:
"Only the author of the message or the local news administrator is allowed to
send this message." However no mechanism is provided to authenticate the origin
of a cancel. Of late, a small group of control freaks has abused this security
hole, claiming (with no basis in reality) that some sort of consensus permits
them to act as the self-appointed judges of the contents of other people's
Usenet articles, to impersonate other posters, and to distribute forged cancels
to other sites to censor the offending articles. E.g., one graduate student at
Lehigh University falsely claims to be a sysadmin and regularly forges cancels
for articles in n.a.n-a.m critical of his forgeries and other net-abuse; and
a crtiminal cult has been forging cancels for articles discussing its dogmas.
I'd like to remind everyone of the well-thought-out scheme for authenticating
cancels proposed some time ago by Taneli Hujskonen and Benjamin Franz, that can
also be integrated into a Lazarus-like system for tracing forged cancels.
Let H denote a one-way hash function (also known as message digest), such as
Ron Rivest's MD5 or Ralph Merkle's Snerfu. Efficient source code to compute
them is readily available and not subject to export restrictions, unlike PGP.
Such functions have the property that's it's easy (for a computer) to compute
M = H(N), but, for a given M, it's intractable to find N such that M = H(N).
Let the poster specify a secret passphrase whenever s/he posts an article.
This passphrase will be required to cancel the article. However it will not be
revealed by a cancel and can be reused. With user-friendly software, the
poster might store the passphrase in a profile and use the same passphrase for
all articles, or change it for every message.
When an article is posted, two quantities are computed by the posting program:
M1 = H(article body + newsgroups + message-id + date + passphrase) and
M2 = H(M1). The posted article contains the header "Cancel-lock: M2".
When an attempt is made to cancel/supersede an article X with a "Cancel-lock:"
header, the user is asked to supply the passphrase. The posting software
computes M1 = H(X's body + newsgroups + X's message-id + date + passphrase)
once again and adds the "Cancel-key: M1" header to the article containing
"Control: cancel " or "Supersedes: " that's being posted.
(Note that without knowing the passphrase it's intractable to match the M1.)
Whenever news server software (such as inn) detects either "Control: cancel
" or "Supersedes: ", INN should retrieve the original article  and
looks for the "Cancel-lock: M2" header. If one is found, then the old article
may be cancelled only if the new article contains the header "Cancel-key: M1"
such that H(M1) = M2.
If the cancel cannot be authenticated (e.g., because the original article lacks
the "Cancel-lock: M2" header, or the cancel lacks the "Cancel-key: M1" header
such that H(M1)=M2), then INN should forward the unauthenticated cancel to one
or more "collection centers" so the author of the original article may be
A site may choose to honor the unauthenticated cancel anyway if the article
being cancelled lacks the "Cancel-lock: M2" header, but should ignore it if
"Cancel-lock:" is found, but no matching "Cancel-key:" is given.
Each "collection center" deamon should wake up periodically (say, every hour),
group the collected unauthenticated cancels by message-ids of the cancelled
articles, and e-mail the (distinct) addresses (other than "usenet or
"news mentioned in the "From:", "Sender:", "Authorized:", and
"X-Cancelled-By:" headers, quoting the unauthenticated cancel and the Path's as
seen at many different sites that forwarded the cancels. This way, if the
unauthenticated cancel is indeed forged, its author will see within hours that
it has been fraudulently cancelled _and_ will automatically receive enough
"Path:" samples from all over the world to see where it was posted, by
comparing the "Path:" headers in several forwarded copies.
A user or an entire site can easily "opt out" of havings "bona fide" cancels
reported by always using the proposed "Cancel-lock:/Cancel-Key:" headers.
This scheme would be upwardly compatible with all existing Usenet software.
It would also be compatible with the "NoCeM" proposal, where trusted censors
could issue digitally signed "advisory cancels" without impersonating the
original posters. Such advisory cancels would not be subject to hash checks.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-05 07:36:05
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m 
Good point -- if M1 is known to be small in size (say, a 128-bit MD5 of the
article body + newsgroups + message-id + date + secret passphrase), then an
organization with a lot of $$$$$$$ and computing resources (like Co$ or NSA)
might even try to pre-compute M2 = H(M1) for many possible M1's, sort the
result by M2, and build a (partial) lookup table of inverted H. This would be a
humongous table. Would someone bother to do it just to cancel a few Usenet
messages? Possibly.
But I see an easy fix: change Hujskonen and Franz's original proposal so that
an article posted with message-id X contains the header "Cancel-lock: M2",
where M2 is now H(X + M1), not just H(M1). This way, even if two different
articles happen to share the lock M2, they'll need different keys M1's to be
cancelled because their unique message-id's are different. A pre-computed table
of inverse values of H would be useless. To cancel a given X, a brute force
attacker would have to compute M2 = (X + M1) for all possible M1's. Hopefully,
the article X will expire naturally long before this can be done. :)
(Thank you for looking at this!)
If 70% of Usenet followed this convention and refused to honor unauthenticated
cancels and supersedes's, then forged cancels would be much less harmful than
they are now, and there would be less need to notify the victims and to track
down the perpetrators.
Perhaps, not _every site should send out notifications. The purpose of getting
notifications from multiple sites is to compare the Path: header and see where
it was forged. I suppose notifications from just 5--10 well-positions sites
would often suffice. But if these sites are well-known, then an attacker might
put their names in the Path: of the forged cancel, to bypass the notification
and still propagate the cancel to a lot of other sites.
We can start implementing this scheme gradually, first by patching our posting
software to insert the "Cancel-lock:/Cancel-Key:" headers, and by running a few
"watchers" based on Homer Wilson Smith's Lazarus that'll notify the poster when
an article with a Cancel-lock: header is being cancelled without a matching
Cancel-Key: -- in all newsgroups, not just in a.r.s. Notifications about
articles without a "Cancel-Key:" header can be added much later, if ever.
Yes -- someone can post an article with random noise in the Cancel-lock:
header, and it would be impossible to cancel except by NoCeM.
As for mailbombing, one can do it much easier by forging a sendsys in the
victim's name, or by e-mailing the victim megabytes of junk from a phoney
"From:" address. This is done, but not too often because the perp is likely to
be tracked down and beaten up. :) Why would someone use this attack and not
straight forged sendsys?
One could address this by limiting the number of notifications e-mailed to one
address or even to one site in a period of time.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-06 09:44:09
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m 
[A quick last word before I leave for a wilderness area with no net.access.]
In article <199510051540.IAA23612 at ix.ix.netcom.com>, Bill Stewart
The respected CancelMoose no longer posts cancels, but posts PGP-signed NoCeM
notices. In fact, CancelMoose's web site has some nice things to say about the
Hujskonen-Franz proposal. I quote URL: ]About Cancels
]A number of people have asked about the relationship between this project
]and spam cancels. IMHO, the point is moot.
]I envision unauthenticated cancel messages will rapidly become obsolete,
]once people start posting menu driven cancelbots. If we want cancels back
]we'll have to authenticate them.
]Taneli Huuskonen first suggested this scheme to me, and I think it's an
]excellent idea.
]For every posted message there is a "Cancel-Key" which is the message-id of
]the message hashed with a secret password. The MD5 of the cancel-key is the
]"Cancel-Challenge" which is posted as a header in every post you make. To
]cancel that post, the cancel message must have a copy of the Cancel-Key in
]the headers. An admin can configure his news software to add another
]Cancel-Challenge to the post, if he/she wishes to retain the rights to
]cancel it. The only people this leaves out in the cold is the moderators--
]this does not allow them to protect their newsgroup-- perhaps a public key
]based system to "prove" moderation will prove necessary, but that will
]require some MAJOR reworkings of news...
]Email: moose at cm.org
I urge cypherpunks to read the NoCeM information on URL  and
to jump on the NoCeM bandwagon (such as, start posting PGP-signed "show"
ratings for articles we find worth highlighting).
I see nothing in RFC 1036 that says that a moderator of a newsgroup should be
able to cancel other people's posts in his/her group. There's an old Usenet
tradition (bad, IMO) that when Alice posts an article in Bob's moderated group
and inserts her own "Approved:" header, then Bob is expected to impersonate
Alice and to post a cancel in Alice's name for the unauthorized article. But,
at present, nothing prevents some Charlie from impersonating Bob impersonating
Alice and forging a cancel for an article that actually was approved by Bob.
Basically, if Alice posts an article with her own "Approved:" header in Bob's
newsgroup, then this problem is not going to be solved by just cancelling her
article(s). If Alice keeps doing that, it becomes necessary to talk to her
feeds about aliasing her site, and the cancels have little to do with it.
IMVHO, only the author should be able to cancel her own postings in a moderated
group. If the posting was not properly approved, she should cancel them to show
good will. Once Bob has _approved Alice's posting in his moderated group, he
shouldn't be able to impersonate Alice to cancel it, but should ask Alice.
(And all this can be done with the Hujskonen-Franz scheme.)
Bob can instead protect his newsgroup by posting a PGP-signed NoCeM notice:
 Action: hide
 Type: unauthorized posting
or by asking someone widely trusted, like CM, to post such a notice.
Likewise when Brad Templeton and/or Co$ (sorry Brad for lumping you together :)
see an article which they think quotes their copyrighted material, they should
not forge a cancel, but post a PGP-signed NoCeM notice:
 Action: hide
 Type: copyright violation
I wonder how many sites would honor CancelPoodle's NoCeM notices? :)
The Hujskonen-Franz scheme would still allow Clarinet to continue massively
canceling/superseding their own articles.
Continuing to quote Bill Stewart:
It would be nice if inn and nn called the same external program to handle
cancels. Now nn's database easily gets out of sync.
With an external program, each site could choose to honor only authenticated
cancels and ignore 3rd party NoCeM's (but let the users mark NoCeM'd articles
as read, if they want to); or honor all cancels; or something in between.
Any idea that encourages people to use digital signatures is good. However the
Hujskonen-Franz proposal allows a total stranger to post an article to your
news spool; then to cancel this article, with your being reasonable sure that
the cancel came from the same total stranger, and without establishing any
further trust for the stranger. There are tens of millions of people with
Usenet access. It's an overkill to collect a key from each one to allow them to
cancel their articles. NoCeM is a very promising protocol for allowing trusted
third parties to eliminate articles by posting PGP-signed notices. (e.g.,
CancelMoose new way of killing spam -- no more forged cancels from CM!)
ObMoosePoem: :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Moose, Moose, wonderful Moose!
Tramples spam with a hoof;
Spammers go through the roof.
Moose, Moose, wonderful Moose!
Rids us of ugly spam.
Fond of the Moose I am.
Moose, Moose, wonderful Moose!
:-) I have to go _right _now.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-09 22:44:47
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Making it more difficult to forge cancels (was: Re: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m) 
[Valid criticisms of NoCeM skipped]
Sorry for the belated follow-up -- I was far away, and now have a backlog to
sort out.
I've discussed the Hujskonen-Franz proposal some time ago with the beautiful
Simona Nass from Panix and the Society for Electronic Access, and she made the
following suggestion: let each party that wants to be able to authorize cancels
add their own separate Cancel-lock: headers. The cancel/supersede should be
honored if its Cancel-key header matches any one of the Cancel-lock challenges.
I think adding multiple Cancel-lock: headers, any single one of which needs to
be matched, to the Hujskonen-Franz proposal will address _some of the concerns
expressed by Bill Stewart last week, by Lars Wirzenius, and by CancelMoose
him/herself in  about the ability of
moderators to cancel postings in their own newsgroups.
Scenario 1.
Alice posts an article from a computer owned by Bob, an Internet provider.
Bob wants to reserve the right to cancel Alice's account and Alice's Usenet
postings without Alice's permission if Alice misbehaves (e.g., spams).
Alice posts:
]From: alice at bob's.box
]Newsgroups: alt.sex
]Subject: Call me at 1-800-xxx-xxxx for a good time
]Message-id: X (123 at bob's.box)
]Cancel-Lock: M2_a
where M2_a is the one-way H(X + M1_a), and M1_a is H of the article and of
Alice's secret passphrase.
Bob, being the sysadmin and the owner of his box, configures his news-posting
software to add automatically a second challege, in addition to Alice's:
]Cancel-Lock: M2_b
where M2_b is the one-way H(X + M1_b), and M1_b is H of Alice's article and of
_Bob's secret passphrase.
Bob asks Alice nicely to cancel the article, since such ads are not appropriate
on alt.sex. Alice may comply and issue a cancel with the header
]Cancel-Key: M1_a
which will be honored. But if Alice refuses, Bob can issue a cancel/supersede
with the header:
]Cancel-Key: M1_b
which should likewise be honored because H(X + M1_b) matches one of the two
challenges in the posted article.
Note 1: If Alice doesn't add a Cancel-Lock, and Bob does, then Alice won't be
able to cancel her own article.
Note 2: It may be a good idea to put comments on the challenges:
]From: alice at bob's.box
]Newsgroups: alt.sex
]Subject: Call me at 1-800-xxx-xxxx for a good time
]Message-id: X
]Cancel-Lock: M2_a ; alice at bob's.box
]Cancel-Lock: M2_b ; root at bob's.box
Scenario 2.
Alice submits an article to Bob, a moderator of a moderated newsgroup:
]Newsgroups: rec.food.cannibalism
]Subject: How to cook elementary school children
]Message-id: X
]Cancel-Lock: M2_a
where M2_a again is H(X + M1_a), and M1_a is H of the article and of Alice's
secret passphrase.
Bob, being either the sole moderator, or a team member, adds an approval and a
second challege, in addition to Alice's:
]Approved: Bob
]Cancel-Lock: M2_b
where M2_b is the one-way H(X + M1_b), and M1_b is H of Alice's article and of
a secret passphrase used by Bob or by the entire moderating team.
Later Bob can cancel this article by specifying
]Cancel-Key: M1_b
Alice too can cancel this article by specifying
]Cancel-Key: M1_a
(unless Bob has stripped Alice's challenge before posting her submission)
and Alice's sysadmin can cancel it too if he added his own challenge (third).
I personally don't think that Bob should be allowed to cancel Alice's article
after he approved it, but that's between Alice and Bob; if she doesn't like it
either, she can post her articles elsewhere.
Now, if Alice injects an article with "Approved:" and entirely bypasses Bob,
(Lars Wirzenius's main conern), then Bob should post a PGP-signed NoCeM notice
and try to yank Alice's feed, or have the site that continues to permit Alice
to do this to be widely aliased. IMVHO, when this happens, the problem is
much deeper than just having the unauthorized article removed.
If and when NoCeM becomes widely accepted, most sites can be expected to honor
signed 'Action: hide' requests from newsgroup moderators in their groups.
Scenario 3.
Alice provides dial-up Usenet feed to/from several small sites run by Bob,
Charles, and Dan. Their domains point to Alice via MX. Alice knows that if one
of them spams Usenet, she'll be flamed and mailbombed. Alice adds her own
"Cancel-Lock:" to each article she receives from these sites before feeding
them to the rest of Usenet. Later she can cancel whatever articles have
originated at B, C, D, and passed through her site.
If Bob, Charles, and Dan don't want Alice to be able to cancel their articles,
or if Alice adds other headers in the articles that pass through her site that
they don't like, then they can look for another feed.
Please note that I don't claim credit for these proposals: I'm just repeating
others' ideas which I happen to like a lot. I hope some civic-minded person(s)
will write patches for the common posting/server software, and compose an RFC
for the Cancel-Lock:/Cancel-Key: headers. One nice feature about the Hujskonen-
Franz proposal that it can be adopted gradually: some sites can continue to
honor all cancels, while others can choose to start honoring only authenticated
cancels, and to help track down forged cancels that fail authentication.
P.S. I saw a NoCeM notice from Chris Lewis with Action:hide/Type: copyright,
for someone's Usenet article that, I think, quoted his private e-mail (?).
I wonder if CancelPoodle's NoCeM's for the Top $ekret $ientology $tuff will
follow soon. :) (And the NoCeM documents should probably be updated to
support new types: copyright, libel, flame, inappropriate, ... :) :)
:-) ObMoosePoem: :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Moose, Moose, wonderful Moose!
Gets rid of nasty spam.
So fond of the Moose I am.
Hooray for the wonderful Moose!
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-10-31 12:36:02
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Cuban Security Conference 
I don't know about the current situation, but back in the '80's, Cuba was
more high-tech than much of Eastern Europe.  I got an e-mail from Cuba
sent via the USSR and the Internet circa 1988; way before countries like
Poland or Romania had any sort of net.presence.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-09-16 05:30:14
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful 
This sounds like a very good idea to me, since I find the flood of
e-mail from CP, much of it non-crypto-related, to be annoying. If
this traffic were in a newsgroup, it would travel compressed over
my phone line, and I might use a killfile on sstuff like the CO$ thread.
Anything posted to the main cypherpunks mailing list and the spun-off mailing
lists (steganogrpahy, remailers, nym servers, etc) could be posted to the
newsgroup by maiking one of the mail2news gateways a subscriber.
No vote is needed to create an alt.group: something like
'alt.security.cypherpunks' or 'alt.privacy.cypherpunks'. Just post a proposal
to alt.config, post many articles seconding the proposal, let it be discussed
for a week, then issue a newgroup.
To create a newsgroup in the 'big 8' (comp., sci., etc) one needs to deal with
unpleasant control freaks like group-advice, news.groups, and David Lawrence.
It takes up to 6 months. On the other hand, many sites that have Usenet have
comp.* but not alt.*. Their users would still have to use the mailing lists or
find another site. To create something like comp.security.cypherpunks (I think
this would be the most appropriate place, since there's already c.s.announce,
c.s.misc, and c.s.firewalls), talk to the group-advice cabal.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:04:05
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Patents and trade secrets was: Encryption algorithms used in 
The bizarre history of the invention of radio comes to my mind. Perhaps we can
learn something from it. The Russian Alexander Popov taught for 18 years at a
naval school in Kronstadt (near St Petersburg, Russia). He was fascinated by
Hertz's 1888 paper on electromagnetic waves and worked with his students on
improving his results. In 1889 Russian Navy granted him funds to investigate
the use of electromagnetic waves for telecommunications. It's undisputed that
Popov invented the antenna in 1894, and built a (subsequently widely used)
apparatus for advance warning of thunderstroms in 1995. Now the disputed part:
Popov published his paper _Pribor dlja obnaruzhenija i registrirovanija
elektrichiskikh kolebanij_ in the January 1896 issue of _Zhurnal Russkogo
Fiziko-Khimicheskogo Obshchestva_. In it he described the first radio
receiver. On May 7, 1895 and March 12, 1896 Popv made public presentations to
the Russian Physico-Chemical Society demonstrating his invention and (in March
1896) transmitted the words "Heinrich Hertz" (in a Morse-like code) at a
distance of 250 meters.
In June 1896 Gulielmo Marconi filed for a patent in England. He offered to the
British government his inventions for wireless transmission of signals, whose
details he kept secret. The news of his application and the description of his
invention weren't made public until June 1897, when the patent was granted, at
which point Popov raised hell and wrote letters to numerous newspapers,
claiming that Marconi's patent application was substantially identical to
Popov's publications. Meanwhile, Popov continued working on his transmitters/
detectors; by the spring of 1897 he was transmitting at 640m. He got more
funds and built 5km equipment by the summer of 1897. In 1900 he installed a
production radio-telegraph system between several islands in the Gulf of
Finland 50 km apart. After the Marconi incident, Russians viewed radio
transmissions technology as a military secret and didn't publish these results
until many years later, although comparable technology was available
commercially in the West. Popov was always low on funds. Marconi, a brilliant
entrepreneur, sold stock in his corporation, raised capital, hired other
prominent scientists to work with him, and was developing new technologies
much faster.
In 1901 Marconi was transmitting radio signals across the Atlantic Ocean, and
Popov retired from the naval school and went to teach at the SPB electro-
technical institute; he was soon elected its president. In 1904, before the
beginning of Russo-Japanese war, the Russians had to buy in great hurry a
large quantity of radio receivers/transmitters - made commercially in Germany
under Marconi's patent. Popov, no longer with the Navy, got to supervise their
installation in Russian naval ships. (Russia lost that war pretty miserably,
by the way.)
What, you might ask, is the cryptographic relevance of all this? Well, in 1914
Russia was waging war against Germany. Russian military officers in East
Prussia relied on radio to transmit information. Russians knew about crypto,
but the key distribution was so screwed up that most on their transmissions
were in cleartext. (Besides, radio was supposed to be a Russian invention not
available to the uncultered foreigners.) Germans reportedly found the
intercepted radio transmissions most helpful. Germans also broke the weak code
used by the Russians in east prussia within weeks. Their complete knowledge of
Russian weaknesses and troop movements led to Russian defeat in East Prussia,
after initial advances.
(The last claim is from the book _Tajnopis' v istorii Rossii_ (Cryptography in
Russian history) by T.A.Soboleva; someone ought to publish its translation.)
Soboleva also mentions that East Prussia had an advanced phone system which
the Russians didn't disable. On several occasions German civilian from remote
farms called Germany from across the front lines and reported on what the
Russians were up to.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1995-09-26 06:24:38
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Net KiddiePorn Hype on TV 
Curtis Sliwa is rather notorious in NYC politics. He used to have a talk
show with his wife Lisa in WABC; not sure what happened to it after they
got divorced. He admitted staging an physical attack on himself to increase
his popularity; after the attack he claimed the cops did it.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-02 17:38:52
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: (fwd) Russians Break RSA? 
You know, it was pretty funny last time Tim May announced that the Russians
broke the RSA on April 1st.  I guess those who haven't seen this before
still might find it funny.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-02 18:00:43
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Witch Hunts 
Don't you get the hint -- Unicorn == Sir Lancelot == Lance.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-05 04:10:08
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Fascinating troll with forged newgroups 
If your co-dependents had forged tale's digital signatures, then this would be
interesting. But tale doesn't use digital signatures. Therefore forging him is
nothing new, nothing fascinating, has no cryptographic relevance, and probably
needn't be reported to the cypherpunks mailing list. I'm sure there are many
free-speech advocates on this list who find your attempts to silence the Nazis
_even _more distasteful then the Nazis' messages of hatred. A more appropriate
forum for your announcement might be news.admin.net-abuse.misc or news.groups.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-05 18:04:05
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Bad news from Judge Richey 
It's worth noting that one of the new newsgroups that Rich Graves mentioned is:
talk.politics.assassination             Assassination Politics
My congratulations to Jim Bell on getting his own newsgroup!
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-05 23:13:15
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Maybe they were offended by the politically incorrect discussions on
this list? :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-11 21:18:37
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
I used to hack a CDC Cyber box designed by Seymour Cray before he started his
oen company. It had the following curious features:
1 word = 10 _bytes_ = 60 bits
1 _byte_ = 6 bits
Out of respect for Jim, I dug up the dox, which say: "On the 6600, the basic bit
groupings are 6, 12, 15 and 30 bits". The dox consistently refer to the 6-bit
chunks as "characters", never bytes. However I've heard people refer to 6 bits
as bytes and to 3 bits (an octal digit) as nybbles.
Naturally, the character set had only 64 symbols - no lowercase letters.
Both integers and reals were 60 bits.
Addresses in the instructions were 15 bits, but that was an address of a
60-bit word.
Negative numbers were represented with one's compliment (i.e. -X = NOT X).
Hence there were two zeroes: positive and negative.
I believe BESM-6 also had 6-bit bytes. I have the dox for it someplace
(in Russian) but can't find them offhand.
Moral: it's not necessarily redundant to say '8-bit byte'.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-13 13:57:16
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Answer about bits and bytes 
_The Programmer's Guide to the 1802_ (Tom Swan, Hayden Books, 1981) says the
following on p. 19:
    The eight binary digits or bits represented in Fig. 2-1 are commonly
    given the name _byte, and in this book, one byte will always equal
    eight bits. (This is a rather common convention in microcomputing, but
    a byte does not always equal eight bits in much of the published
    literature.) Some books also refer to computer "words," but, since a
    "word" is even more loosely defined than a "byte," we will refrain from
    using it as a label for binary numbers. In addition, to make things
    come out right for eight-bit computers, leading zeros are usually
    written in front of binary numbers so all numbers come out to even
    multiples of eight-bit bytes.
_Assembler Reference Manual for the Sub Workstation, Version 1.0 of
30th November 1982_ (we're talking the Motorola 68K Sun 1 here!) says:
    Many MC68000 machine instructions can operate upon byte (8-bit), word
    (16-bit), or long word (32-bit) data.
They felt it necessary to specify this in a number of places.
A very important book that anyone who programs computers should read --
Donald Knuth, _The Art of Computer Programming_ (Addison Wesley, 1973), v. 1,
p. 120, says the following about the MIX language:
    Words. The basic unit of information is a _byte. Each byte contains an
    _unspecified amount of information, but it must be capable of holding
    at least 64 distinct values. That is, we know that any number between 0
    and 63, inclusive, can be contained in one byte. Furthermore, each byte
    contains _at _most 100 distinct values. On a binary computer a byte
    must therefore be composed of six bits; on a decimal computer we have
    two digits per byte.
    Programs written in the MIX language should be written so that no more
    than sixty-four values are ever assumed for a byte. If we wish to treat
    the number 80, we should always leave two adjacent bytes for expressing
    it, even though one byte is sufficient on a decimal computer. _An
    _algorithm _in _MIX _should _work _properly _regardless _of _how _big
    _a _byte _is. Although it's quite possible to write programs which
    depend on the byte size, this is an illegal act which will not be
    tolerated; the only legitimate programs are those which would give
    correct results with all byte sizes. It is usually not hard to abide by
    these ground rule, and we will thereby find that programming a decimal
    computer isn't so different from programming a binary one after all.
    ...
    _A _computer _word _is _five _bytes _plus _a _sign. The sign position
    has only two possible values, + and -.
Give it up, Jim -- I have more ancient writings than you can shake a dynamite
stick at. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-14 05:43:26
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Answer about bits and bytes 
Nope, Jim sited a PDP-10 manual from 1971, and the first edition of _The Art of
Computer Programming_ came out in 1967. (I quoted the second edition, but I
know that the first edition had MIX too.)
The book _IBM's Early Computers_ by Bashe, Johnson, Palmer, Pugh says the
following about the STRETCH system developed in 1956 (akin to 704 and 705):
"In July, Stretch technical staff manager Buchholz wrote a report listing the
advantages of a word length of sixty-four bits. Assuming an _m-bit binary field
for addressing a sixty-four-bit memory-contained word, he noted, _m+1 bits
could address a half-word, _m+2 bits a quarter-word, _m+3 bits an eight-bit
segment, and so on until _m+6 bits could address a single bit. Using this
systematic addressing principle, one class of instructions could address words,
and other classes could address shorter operands by increasing the length of an
address field. By this time, the term "byte" had been coined as a way of
avoiding typographical confusion between bit and "bite", a term that project
personnel had been using to designate small, character-oriented word segments.
The sixty-four-bit format was adopted in September; like the previous format of
sixty bits, it was accompanied by redundant bits for use by error-detection and
-correction circuits."
They footnote: Also see W. Buchholz, January 1981: "Origin of the Word Byte",
_Annals _of _the _History _of _Computing 3, p. 72, which explains how "byte"
later came to imply eight bits.
P.S. The _Barron's Dictionary of Computer Terms_ says:
BYTE A byte is the amount of memory space needed to store one character,
which is normally 8 bits. ...
(Wondering what the cryptographic relevance of all this might possibly be...)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-14 09:10:40
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
It's a pity most mailers don't preserve 'References:'.
Can you filter out everything that says 'in-reply-to .* pacifier.com>'?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-15 07:50:55
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [NOISE] Consolidation of threads ... 
Hmm. In the days of COCOM (a relative of ITAR) there was a doctrine that
individual pieces of a mosaic may be unclassified, yet together they may
form a whole that needs to be export-controlled.
Likewise 8-bit values 0x46,0x55,0x43,0x4B may not be obscene individually,
but together they comprise a vile, CDA-prohibited obscenity.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-17 16:31:53
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: List of reliable remailers 
I won't do anything either, and urge others to just ignore these rude people.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-19 00:04:38
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [Explanation] Re: "STOP SENDING ME THIS SHIT" 
Eric Thomas's LISTSERV has had a feature for 4 or 5 years that prevents
spoofed subscription requests. The list owner can configure the mailing
list so that whenever a subscription request is received, LISTSERV
e-mails the apparent sender and asks to e-mail it 'OK nnnn', where 'nnnn'
is a pseudo-random string uniquely identifying this request. If the
confirmation isn't received within 48 hours, LISTSERV ignores the command.
Similar confirmations can be requested for other commands, like unsubcribe.
Works like a charm without any public key crypto or digital signatures.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-28 11:30:23
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Cell Kill 2 
According to some Usenet articles I saw, Dudaev died while talking on the phone
with the Russian Duma deputy Konstantin Borovoy. I think I used to exchange a
few e-mails with Konstantin before he became filthy rich. It's a small world.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-30 16:00:45
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
Jim, I don't find dumb jokes about dead people I liked particularly funny.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-01 14:55:27
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
Having met Colby, I found him a very remarkable person, and also very pleasant.
Unfortunately, I believe he's dead.  R.I.P.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-02 15:59:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: An example of KKKlintonista harrassment and censorship 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [206.214.98.6] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA25392 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 1 Aug 96 20:40:35 -0400
Received: from Marc's Station (nyc-ny20-18.ix.netcom.com [205.186.166.210]) by dfw-ix6.ix.netcom.com (8.6.13/8.6.12) with SMTP id RAA24954 for ; Thu, 1 Aug 1996 17:40:33 -0700
X-Sender: mwohler at popd.ix.netcom.com
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Version 2.1.1
Just as  I suspected.*Ignorant bullshit*

@_date: 1996-08-02 23:07:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
Indeed, City University of New York has an ombudsperson.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-03 12:53:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Corporate e-mail policy 
Igor learned it the hard way... He's no longer reachable  :-)
Not true - Colin got several forgers in serious trouble for their net-abuse.
More power to him.  The Internet needs more people like TRRCJ3 (pbuh).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-03 23:36:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Libertine Question (fwd) 
Corporations could also own property at the time when many "real" persons
could not. Corporations could also be granted monopoly rights by the state,
like an exclusive right to trade with a certain region.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-04 17:57:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Is there truth to the rumor that poking a file inside the barrel will
alter the marks on future test firings?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-05 15:28:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
This reminds me how many years ago (I think this was under Reagan, or maybe
even Carter) I went to U.S.V.I without any papers at all, not realizing that
it's "abroad". When the time came for me to get back, I was shocked to see
some security people checking the papers of the people getting on the plane
to N.Y. I explained the situation and they let me in with no papers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-05 21:46:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Who the hell is .... 
No, no, it's euphemism for a flashlight stuck up someone's rectum,
where "flashlight" is in turn euphemism for "gerbil". :-)
Anyway, whoever had bet that he'd keave this list by now, has won.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-05 23:56:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More to be paranoid about... 
If I remember correctly, it costs $4 for one search (via modem), and one has
to pre-pay $200 to open the account. One can do a free sarch if one's friendly
with the LEO's. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-06 14:38:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Integrating PGP 3.0 Library with INN 
It's wasteful to run this checking at every Usenet node.
It would be more efficient to run PHPMoose checking at a few trusted sites
and have them issue NoCeMs for articles that fail the check.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-07 15:01:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
In New York State, there are periodic complaints from Sovok "refugees" like
Igor Chewed-Off, who come in with a I-94 visa (and authorization to work), and
get the green card after two years. They get welfare, but apply for jobs...
Some poor employer slob refuses to hire the Sovok, thinking mistakenly that he
can only hire amcits or green card holders (even though I-94 with authorization
is listed on I-9). The employer pays a hefty fine for "illegal discrimination",
of which the Sovok gets a cut. Nice racket. Did you ever try it, Igor?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-07 21:08:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
That's the key word here - I don't think you need I-9 if you get paid on 1099
or equivalent. However for W-4 employment, the emplyer must send a signed I-9
to los federales. Otherwise the computer will flag this situation and they'll
get a letter asking why they pay wages to someone whose I-9 isn't on file.
I suppose when the person is "obviously" U.S.-born, the h.r. people might lie
and say on I-9 that they saw a document. Then again, I've seen folks who looked
and spoke more American (or German-Swiss, or Romanian) than most natives. :-)
By the way, another advantage of 1099 is that if you have your corporation,
you give its EIN, not your SSN to the clients, whom you don't necessarily
want to know your SSN.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-07 21:33:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
I-9 lists the documents that can be accepted as 1) proof of identity, 2)
proof of the right to work in the U.S. A U.S. passport can be used for both.
When I need to fill out the I-9, I simply present my passport. (Before I
had the passport, I used to present my naturaliation certificate, which is
also acceptable.)
A driver's licence is not sufficient because it only proves your identify,
but doesn't prove that you're allowed to have a job. There are classes of
aliens who are allowed to drive, but aren't allowed to work - e.g.,
students on J-1 visa.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-07 23:49:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Alan, look at (3)(A)(iii) of the relevant statute. (3)(B) might also apply.
Section 212 (a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.Code 1001, et
seq., as amended by Public Law 101-549 of November 29, 1990), reads as follows:
Classes of Excludable Aliens - Except as otherwise provided in this Act, the
following describes classes of excludable aliens who are ineligible to receive
visas and who shall be excluded from admission into the United States.
(1) HEALTH - RELATED GROUNDS.--
 (A) IN GENERAL. -- Any Alien--
  (i)   who is determined (in accordance with regulations prescribed by the
        Secretary of Health and Human Services) to have a communicable disease
        of public health significance,
  (ii)  who is determined (in accordance with regulations prescribed by the
        Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultation with to Attorney
        General)--
   (I)   to have a physical or mental disorder and behavior associated with
         the disorder that may pose, or has posed, a threat to the property,
         safety, or welfare of the alien or others, or
   (II)  to have a physical or mental disorder and a history of behavior
         associated with the disorder which behavior has posed a threat to the
         property, safety, or welfare of the alien or others and which
         behavior is likely  to recur or to lead to other harmful behavior or
  (iii) who is determined (in accordance with regulations prescribed by the
        Secretary of Health and Human Services) to be a drug abuser or addict,
      is excludable.
 (B) WAIVER AUTHORIZED.--
  For provisions authorizing waiver of certain clauses of subparagraph (A),
  see subsection (g).
(2) CRIMINAL AND RELATED GROUNDS.--
 (A) CONVICTION OF CERTAIN CRIMES.--
  (i)   IN GENERAL.-- Except as provided in a clause (ii), any alien convicted
        of, or who admits having committed, or who admits acts which constitute
        the essential elements of--
   (I)   a crime involving moral turpitude (other than a purely political
         offense), or
   (II)  a violation of (or a conspiracy to violate) any law or regulation of a
         State, the United States, or a foreign country relating to a
         controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled
         Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)),
        is excludable.
  (ii)  EXCEPTION.-- clause (i)(I) shall not apply to an alien who committed
        only one crime if--
   (I)   the crime was committed when the alien was under 18 years of age and
         the crime was committed (and the alien released from any confinement
         to a prison or correctional institution imposed for the crime) more
         than 5 years before the date of application for visas or other
         documentation and the date of application for admission to the United
         States, or
   (II)  the maximum penalty possible for the crime of which the alien was
         convicted (or which the alien admits having committed or of which the
         acts that the alien admits having committed constituted the essential
         elements) did not exceed imprisonment for one year and, the alien was
         not sentenced to a term of imprisonment in excess of 6 months
         (regardless of the extent to which the sentence was ultimately
         executed).
 (B) MULTIPLE CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS.-- Any alien convicted of 2 or more offenses
     (other than purely political offenses), regardless of whether the
     conviction was in a single trial or whether the offenses arose from a
     single scheme of misconduct and regardless of whether the offenses
     involved moral turpitude, for which the aggregate sentences to confinement
     actually imposed were 5 years or more is excludable.
 (D) PROSTITUTION AND COMMERCIALIZED VICE.-- Any alien who--
  (i)   is coming to the United States solely, principally, or incidentally to
        engage in prostitution, or has engaged in prostitution within 10 years
        of the date of application for a visa, entry, or adjustment of status,
  (ii)  directly or indirectly procures or attempts to procure, or (within 10
        years of the date of application for a visa, entry, or adjustment of
        status) procured or attempted to procure or to import, prostitutes or
        persons for the purpose of prostitution, or receives or (within such
        10-year period) received, in whole or in part, the proceeds of
        prostitution, or
  (iii) is coming to the United States to engage in any other unlawful
        commercialized vice whether or not related to prostitution,
     is excludable.
 (E) CERTAIN ALIENS INVOLVED IN SERIOUS CRIMINAL ACTIVITY WHO HAVE ASSERTED
     IMMUNITY FROM PROSECUTION.--Any alien--
  (i)   who has committed in the United States at any time a serious criminal
        offense (as defined in section 101(h)),
  (ii)  for whom immunity from criminal jurisdiction was exercised with
        respect to that offense,
  (iii) who as a consequence of the offense and exercise of immunity has
        departed from the United States, and
  (iv)  who has not subsequently submitted fully to the jurisdiction of the
        court in the United States having jurisdiction with respect to that
        offense,
     is excludable.
 (F) WAIVER AUTHORIZED.-- For provisions authorizing waiver of certain
     subparagraphs of this paragraph, see subsection (h).
(3) SECURITY AND RELATED GROUNDS.--
 (A) IN GENERAL.-- Any alien who a consular officer or the Attorney General
     knows, or has reasonable ground to believe, seeks to enter the United
     States to engage solely, principally, or incidentally in--
  (i)   any activity to violate any law of the United States relating to
        espionage or sabotage or to violate or evade any law prohibiting the
        export from the United States of goods, technology, or sensitive
        information,
  (ii)  any other unlawful activity, or
  (iii) any activity a purpose of which is the opposition to, or the control or
        overthrow of, the Government of the United States by force, violence,
        or other unlawful means,
     is excludable.
 (B) TERRORIST ACTIVITIES. --
  (i)   IN GENERAL.-- Any alien who--
   (I)   has engaged in terrorist activity, or
   (II)  a consular officer of the Attorney General knows, or has reasonable
         ground to believe, is likely to engage after entry in any terrorist
         activity (as defined in clause (iii)),
        is excludable.
        An alien who is an officer, official, representative, or spokesman of
        the Palestine Liberation Organization is considered, for purpose of
        this Act, to be engaged in a terrorist activity.
  (ii)  TERRORIST ACTIVITY DEFINED.-- As used in this Act, the term 'terrorist
        activity' means any activity which is unlawful under the laws of the
        place where it is committed (or which, if committed in the United
        States, would be unlawful under the laws of the United States or any
        State) and which involves any to the following:
   (I)   The hijacking or sabotaging of any conveyance (including aircraft,
         vessel, or vehicle).
   (II)  The seizing or detaining, and threatening to kill, injure, or continue
         to detain, another individual in order to compel a third person
         (including a governmental organization) to do or abstain from doing
         any act as an explicit or implicit condition for the release of the
         individual seized or detained.
   (III) A violent attack upon an internationally protected person (as defined
         in section 1116 (b)(4) of title 18, United States Code) or upon the
         liberty of such a person.
   (IV)  An assassination.
   (V)   The use of any--
    (a)   biological agent, chemical agent, or nuclear weapon or device, or
    (b)   explosive or firearm (other than for mere personal monetary gain),
          with the intent to endanger, directly or indirectly, the safety of
          one or more individuals or to cause substantial damage to property.
   (VI)  A threat, attempt, or conspiracy to do any of the foregoing.
  (iii) ENGAGE IN TERRORIST ACTIVITY DEFINED.-- As used in this Act, the term
        `engage in terrorist activity' means to commit, in an individual
        capacity or as a member of an organization, an act which the actor
        knows or reasonably should know, afford material support to an
        individual organization or government in conducting a terrorist
        activity at any time, including any of the following acts;
   (I)   The preparation or planning of a terrorist activity.
   (II)  The gathering of information on potential targets for terrorist
         activity.
   (III) The providing of any type of material support, including a safe house,
         transportation, communications, funds, false identification, weapons,
         explosives, of training, to any individual the actor knows or has
         reason to believe has committed or plans to commit a terrorist
         activity.
   (IV)  The soliciting of funds or other things of value for terrorist
         activity or for any terrorist organization.
   (V)   The solicitation of any individual for membership in a terrorist
         organization, terrorist government, or to engage in a terrorist
         activity.
A bunch of other stuff not relevant to Phil deleted. Note: I generally like
what Phil says, but I don't like people who threaten libel lawsuits over
something said on the Internet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-08 15:35:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
Apple computer is dead, for all intents and purposes. It will be "officially"
dead (bankrupt) within a couple of years. Writing any sort of software for the
Mac - crypto or otherwise - is a waste of time.
Please don't waste valuable resources writing software for a dead platform.
Mac crypto software is as useless as CP/M or Apple ][ crypto software.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-08 16:11:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
Alan, if you have access to Usenet, check out the draft misc.jobs.*
conventional wisdom FAQ that I posted a few days ago... It's probably
unexpired in sci.research.careers at most sites. Look for the 'IRS 20
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-08 22:07:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
Irrelevant. Unix boxes are multi-user.
Scenario 1: writing a multi-platform comm program with strong crypto, and
including a Mac port (like Mac PGP, or clients for various tcp/ip protocols)
is only a minor waste of time.
Scenario 2: writing an encrypted filesystem for the Mac is a minor waste.
Scenario 3: Writing a comm program that lets Macs talk to each other with
no consideration that some Mac users may wish to talk to other platform
(or any other Mac-only software) is a major waste of time.
Of course, Apple is pushing  They're worse than Microsoft.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-09 14:01:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: For what it's worth... 
Organization: Network Center of Zhongshan University
Lines: 14
Reply-To: etschang at zsu.edu.cn
NNTP-Posting-Host: 202.96.129.2

@_date: 1996-08-09 16:16:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Thank you for not smoking" and other euphemisms 
This is the official name for "regular" juries, as opposed to the grand jury.
Well - some time ago I came to a C++ users group meeting and had only $2
on me. The guy at the door said rather sternly: "the suggested donation
is three dollars". I said, sorry, I only got two, and just walked by.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-10 02:50:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Thank you for not smoking" and other euphemisms 
I do it regularly at museums - I find their "suggested donations" for kids'
admissions a rip-off.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-10 07:37:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why should we trust the system? 
I noticed it too and had a conjecture that the caller said something
politically incorrect which they didn't want aired: like "Fuck
Janet Rhyno".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-12 16:41:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: cybergangs? 
Death to the Usenet Cabal! All power to the GruborBots!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-12 16:45:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Chemistry question please .. 
If someone were to start a chempunks mailing list, I'd subscribe.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-12 16:48:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: John Gilmore on the Radio! 
Like tentacles?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-12 18:54:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: problem software 
Hey - we just got back from a trip, it's good to see all your guys back
I think one way to fightt junk e-mail is to do what I proposed: have a
"don't-e-mail" list available for FTP, and make it trivial to add one's
address to it. I can talk more about how I envision this if anyone is
willing to consider putting such a thing up.
I honestly don't think lightening&co want to e-mail people who don't
want to be e-mailed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-13 14:32:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Article on Electronic Commerce with a few too many 
This reminds me of the recent revelation how a major disposable lens maker
was marketing three lines of lenses: cheap ones, good for a few days;
medium ones, good for a week; very expensive ones, good for a month.
You guessed it - the lenses inside the packaging were identical.
(I find that most self-described "libertarians" are actually fucking statists.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-13 16:23:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches 
Have you ever wondered why Tim May wears a protective layer of aluminum
foil on his head? (And lead foil wrapped around his balls.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-13 23:49:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AW: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
So was Adolf Hitler.  End of thread.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-14 06:33:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: cybergangs 
There is no place on the 'net safe for the Usenet Cabal or the fucking statists
who call themselves "libertarians".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-14 14:01:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla...etc. 
Nor was there any activity from the authorities.
A while back, when Vince first started advertizing his site, I asked him a few
hypothetical questions, and he said roughly this: If client X posts something
to Usenet from Vince's site, and if Y dislikes X's article so much that he
mailbombs X, then Vince would pull X's plug. (I have the exact quote saved.)
I lost interest right then. I'm not surprised that Vince acted dishonorably by
pulling a client's plug with no warning for a very flimsy reason.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-15 03:06:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla...etc. 
If you don't see why Vince's actions are dishonorable (and, by the way, far
ruder than anything anyone could say on any mailing list), then there's
no sense in my wasting time to explain it to you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-15 05:40:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla - commercial and mailbombing policies 
This is known as "creative editing". No, my question was not about "commercial
spam", but about controversial Usenet posts in general. Since you seem to have
my original e-mail, you have my permission to quote it in full.
I happen to be the owner of severallisteerv mailing lists, one of which is
fairly active. A few days ago someone forged subscription requests to all
three lists from a dozen notable personalities, including John Markoff,
Joshua Quittner, Emmanuel Goldstein (Eric Corley), et al. My understanding
is they were subscribed to several hundred mailing lists and some of them
had their mailboxes filled up.
It takes very little effort to send someone 200MB of e-mail these days. I
think I got several times that last time I got mailbombed by Nikki Sandru.
Do you customers realize they they might suddenly owe you hundreds of
dollars for the receipt of junk e-mail sent by some prankster?
This is another proof that Vince is a dishonorable man. An hnorable sysadmin
would protect his users from mailbomb attacks and make sure they are junked
or bounced. He wouldn't charge the victim money for being attacked.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-17 07:41:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Stopped Clock. Was: Schlafly on Crypto 
There been no draft for about 20 years.  What have _you been smoking?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-17 07:57:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stealth Buildings Was Re: "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches 
If you wrap the aluminium foil around your cranium and the lead foil
around your balls, make sure that the 2 metals don't touch when you
stick your head up your ass.  The resulting spark may cause the
intestinal gas to explode.
Oh dear!! Did I just post a bomb recipe???
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-18 23:51:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: MD5 completely broken! 
The following is true. There used to be company in Silicon Vallye that marketed
compression software guaranteed to reduce any file to no more than 128K, no
matter how large the input. That side worked. The decompression side didn't.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 00:33:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Credit enforcement 
Then your classical libertatians are fucking statists.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 00:33:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla 
I don't see a problem with that. All governments are corrupt by definition.
As far as I know, the U.S. is the only country in the world prohibiting
its businesses from bribing foreign officials with the silly law known
as the Foreign Corrupt Practices act (as if U.S. politicians didn't take
bribes!) The results are: U.S. businesses not being competetive in the
international markets where bribes are the traditional part of doing
business, and a significant paperwork/compliance cost in all other
international markets.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 04:27:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CS First Boston lawsuit 
In a lawsuit files in federal court in New York City, CS First Bostom has
charged an unknown party with libel, slander and violation of the Federal
Telecommunications Act, as well as with impoerly obtaining confidential
financial information and sending it out in e-mail messages.
The lawsuit seeks damages of at least $1M against "FBCbuster" and "FBCbuster2",
the aliases of an America Online AOL) subscriber or subscribers. AOL was not
named as a defendant in the lawsuit, which concerns two separate e-mail
messages sent to First Boston employees.
The suit sais the firsy e-mail message, which was sent on March 3, included a
"macabre poem" about the destruction of the firm. In a second message, sent a
week later, the lswsuit states that the writer included confidential salary
information about current and former officers of the firm.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 04:32:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: MD5 completely broken! 
We'll cross this bridge when we come to it.
(Hey, it costs us $7 to cross the Verazano bridge, it must be good to own one.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 05:12:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: BlackNet as a Distributed, Untraceable, Robust Data Haven 
It's hard to keep track of Lance's tentacles.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 05:54:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: THE POUCH 
I love it!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-19 06:00:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Schlafly on crypto 
Yes - their platform contained mucho guano and nothing about GAK.
Still, they have no blood on their hands - yet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-20 14:06:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
[I know the group-advice-lackey-Goebbels-reincarnation-stooge is reading this,
but he probably doesn't have the balls to reply]
Unfortunately, there's no easy way to rmgroup a usenet newsgroup once it
gets created. Many sites ignore all rmgroups. In fact, many large sites
now ignore all newgroups unless a user specifically asks to carry a new
I believe the main reason why most newsadmins seem to want to have some
restrictions on newgrouping is the lack of efficient rmgrouping.
If we could newgroup misc.news.current-events.empire-state-bombing
and then have it disappear quetly and automatically once the non-spam
traffic is gone, I'm sure a lot fewer people would object to its creation.
Assuming that this is done, why bother with newgroup/rmgroup at all?
If you think comp.language.algol is a worthwhile newsgroup (as I do),
just put it in your header and see if anyone sees your article.
Well-named keywords in Newsgroups: will act as these Snelling(?)
points senile Tim ranted about.
The reason for Cabal's existence is twofold. First, it is a bunch
of control freaks who want to be in charge and get a kick out of
telling users "you can't do this". Second, sysadmins are willing
to put up with this shit because they think they need some means
to control newsgrouping.
Usenet as I knew it 1- years ago has already been destroyed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-21 02:37:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
Why 'reverse'? NoCeM's can be used to both 'hide' and 'highlight' articles.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:05:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PreRFD: comp.org.cypherpunks 
How about a NoCeM-moderated newsgroup?
I.e., several parties can issue 'hide' NoCeM notices for whatever
material they consider off-topic, including cross-posts. Several
other parties can issue 'highlight' NoCeM's for articles they
consider particularly worthy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-22 13:57:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
Senile tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May) rants:
Alaska rightfully belongs to Russia, as do California and Hawaii.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-22 13:58:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
^
You'd make The Right Reverend Colin James III very happy because you'd
be deported back to Sovok. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-22 23:48:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Any CPs in D.C.? 
I'll be at InfoWarCon in Arlington Sept 4-6.
Any Usenet Cabal affiliates want to be spat on in person? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-23 00:03:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: usenet not working with Agent now. 
What's the cryptorelevance?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-23 00:06:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
Wrong - it was a 99-year lease.
Protect free speech - support your local pesky spammer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:44:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Any CPs in D.C.? 
We (myself & Dr.M.V.) were there alright and even spoke briefly to David.
We greatly enjoyed the tour and the lecture given by the museum staff member.
Afterwards we felts like talking crypto, so we skipped Hinkel's and went over
to Annapolis, where we talked crypto with knowledgeable folks. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-23 10:26:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
And don't forget to mention that he sucks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-23 20:03:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
The advertizers in printed & broadcast media exercise a great deal of control
over the content. E.g., a magazine that gets revenues from tobacco ads isn't
likely to run a story about tobacco companies trying to addict kids. That's
why you see more anti-tobacco content in broadcast media (who can't run
tobacco ads) than in printed media. (And there are cross-ownership
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-25 10:17:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Degaussing a pile of 5.25" media 
I have 3 bags full of 5.25" diskettes (in NYC). Can someone please let me use
their degausser before I get rid of them? (Anyone who wants them after they're
degaussed is welcome to them :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-27 13:54:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ADMIN:  Problems with the list goto the owner, not the list! 
Too much of a good thing is never enough.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-28 15:06:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hayek (was: Cato Institute conference on Net-regulation) 
Senile tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May) rants:
But he's fucking unreadable.  I plan to teach economic this semester and
make every student read Hazlitt (economics in 1 lesson). I can't force them
to read hayek (or Rothbard) because they're fucking unreadable. Shit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-29 14:36:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hayek (was: Cato Institute conference on Net-regulation) 
Senile tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May) (fart) rants:
Are you jealous, Tim )fart)? You're just a senile old fart, not worth my
spittle. I make you feel better I'll put (fart) after you stupid name. Shit.
Senile Tim May (fart) exposes himself as a liar by attributing to me shit
I've never said (Pidor Vorobiev's forgeries). Please stop polluting this
mailing list with your lies and personal attacks.
It's been many years since Tim May (spit) has been to college, hasn't it?
I don't blackmail my students into doing the work they don't want to do
by blackmailing them with grades. When I taught comp.sec., I said from the
start that everyone gets an A, and I trust tgen to be motivated enough to
read everything I _suggest_ they read. And they all did a great job and
earn3d their A's.
Senile Tim May (fart) is a fucking statist asshole.
Fuck you and fuck your criminal Arm*nian grandparents.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-30 10:36:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Desubscribe 
If you don't have the brains to forge the From:, then you have no business
being subscribed to any mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-30 18:10:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Desubscribe 
Whoever uses the term "spam" in derogatory manner, opposes free
speech and deserves to be caned.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-01 03:03:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is a test, right? [was RE: Desubscribe] 
That's because you're a pathological liar and have no credibility.
You're not worthy of our spittle, fuckhead.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-01 13:10:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Seditious Cable! 
I'm sorry, I don't think I'm able to explain my views on any complex technical
topic in terms so simple that they could be understood by the "cypher punks".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-01 13:10:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Building a DC-NET 
Whatever's wrong with KKKLinton, he hasn't locked anybody out of his majordomo.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-01 16:20:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Paul Bradley is a typical "cypher punk" (Was: IPG Algorith Broken!) 
Paul Bradley packs so many lies into 30 lines of text, it's almost remarkable.
First, I don't post rants about "Sovok Jews" to cypherpunks. Paul lies.
(I happen to be Jewish, which is one of the reasons why Tim May hates my guts.)
Second, Paul Bradley's own words do more to expose his own ignorance and
stupidity than anything anyone else could say about him. This is my article
which immediately preceded John Gilmore's shameful act of censorship:
]Message-Id: <67c7VD32w165w at bwalk.dm.com>
]Subject: Re: OTP
]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Date: Mon, 21 Oct 96 20:43:28 EDT
]In-Reply-To: <845910392.8251.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]Where do these idiots come from and why do they end up on this mailing list?
]> > Can you explain to me how your one time pad algorithm is any better than
]> > encryption something with, say, RC4 or any other cipher using a key that
]> > is the same length as the seed for your PRNG?
]> Well for a start there is no possible cryptanalytic (rather than
]> brute force) attack on a one time pad, the system can be
]> mathematically proven to be secure with a very simple bit of
]> statistics.
]Please post your "mathematical proof" and explain what you mean by
]a "brute force attack on a one time pad".
Paul Bradley spoke about OTP, not stream cyphers. He lies.
Third, Paul lies about his "opposition" to John Gilmore's censorship.
Here is an e-mail Paul sent to the non-existent address "dvl" in
response to an anonymous article on cypherpunks:
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: dvl at bwalk.dm.com
]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 15:18:16 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: A daily warning regarding Timothy C. May
]Priority: normal
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <843149202.18174.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> Timothy C. May is a lying sack of shit.
]Look, that is enough, I`m going to move to have you removed from the
]list if you keep this up... get a life fuckhead, if you are going to
]flame at least do it from your real address so people can killfile
]you, or maybe you believe censorship is better?
It's clear that Paul supported John's "removal" of me from the list.
Paul Bradley sent me dozens of hate e-mails. When he started mailbombing
me with multiples copies of my own cypherpunks postings with obscenities
appended, I set up a filter to bounce his junk back to him. Paul appears
to be obsessed with me.
Behold the collected works of Paul Bradley before the bouncer was set up:
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Thu, 12 Sep 1996 18:29:26 +0000
]Subject: Re: Conjuring up the latest utopia for a minoritarian sect
]Message-Id: <842700997.12948.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]You really don`t rate a reply from me, my time is much too valuable
]to bother with this sort of thing usually, but on this occasion i`ll
]make an exception:
]If you are going to make claims like this *back them up* I do not
]suppose for one moment that anyone on this list believes what you
]said above, Tim has shown restraint and sense in dealing with your
]rantings, you are in the majority of peoples killfiles, you really
]ought to re-access what you are doing on the list if all you are here
]for is to cause hassle and waste bandwidth, there is enough material
]on the list without totally uninteresting posts like your own.
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Tue, 17 Sep 1996 19:33:09 +0000
]Subject: Re: Diffie Hellman - logs in Galois fields
]Message-Id: <842988785.23058.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> I think polluting this mailing list with trivial questions such as this is
]> just as bad as polluting it with personal attacks. Read the FAQs.
]Get a fucking life, seeing as you haven`t yet posted anything
]relating remotely to the technical aspects of cryptography to this
]list I think you need to take a long hard look at what your saying
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 15:18:16 +0000
]Subject: Re: Workers Paradise. /Political rant.
]Message-Id: <843149202.18173.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> Yeah!!! And I'll bounce each mailbomb to everyone who tries it. Won't
]> that be fun.  Too ba your netcom account won't last long.
]`Fraid not loser, I`ll just mailbomb your ass so bad you won`t know
]what hit you, and my account is on demon, who can handle my incoming
]mail (about 300 a day) without a problem, go ahead punk, make my
(I warned the mailbombers that their mailbombs will be returned to them.)
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 17:37:23 +0000
]Subject: Re: CIA hacked
]Message-Id: <843401979.17072.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> >Dr. John M. Grubor created the 'net.
]> Who created you? You tub of shit?
]Fuck you and fuck your cheap ass fucked up life motherfucker (look
]for the fuck redundancy index here, should be an interesting figure,
]good day to you
(Paul is writing to me in response to someone else's flame.)
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 18:13:06 +0000
]Subject: Re: Re: CIA hacked
]Message-Id: <843401966.17051.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]This is a further post following an earlier flame:
]>  You are being flamed because.
]>    [X] you continued a boring useless stupid thread
]>    [ ] you repeatedly posted to the same thread that you just posted to
]>    [x] you repeatedly initiated incoherent, flaky, and mindless threads
]>    [ ] you posted a piece riddled with profanities
]>    [ ] you advocated Net censorship
]>    [ ] you SCREAMED! (used all caps)
]>    [x] you posted some sort of crap that doesn't belong in this group
]>    [ ] you posted the inanely stupid 'Make Money Fast' article
]>    [ ] you threatened others with physical harm
]>    [x] you made a bigoted statement(s)
]>    [x] you repeatedly assumed unwarranted moral or intellectual superiority
]>    [x] you are under the misapprehension that this list is your preserve
]>    [ ] you repeatedly shown lack of humor
]>    [ ] you are apparently under compulsion to post to every thread
]>    [x] you are posting an anonymous attack
]>   >>> Thank you for the time you have taken to read this.  Live n' Learn.<<<
]Furthermore, you qualify as the celebrity fuckhead of the week, have
]a nice day.
(I got dozens of the above-quoted mailbombs.)
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 18:13:06 +0000
]Subject: KOTM
]Message-Id: <843401961.17032.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]Keep this non crypto relevant shit off the mailing list you sad ass
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 18:13:06 +0000
]Message-Id: <843401965.17045.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]Killifiling you would be a pleasure, however, it is an even greater
]pleasure to be able to flame you because of your worthless posts,
]this is probably why he didn`t...
]Get a life.
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 28 Sep 1996 09:21:37 +0000
]Subject: Re: Possible subs attack????
]Message-Id: <844008901.9441.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
]> The lying sack of shit Timmy May lies again, as usual.
]Fuck you,
]I am not Tim May, Check out the return path if you don`t believe me,
]if you still don`t here`s my PGP public key signed by the EFF, they
]don`t sign keys here and there without checking ID`s...
]Type Bits/KeyID    Date       User ID
]pub  1024/5BBFAEB1 1996/07/30 Paul Bradley ]- -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]- -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Date: Mon, 30 Sep 1996 17:40:49 +0000
]Subject: [ADVICE] Dimitri Vilus`s personal attacks
]Message-Id: <844193560.12762.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]I shouldn`t take any notice, he`s a loon who posts rants, lies, off
]topic rubbish and personal attacks to the mailing list. just ignore
]him, hopefully he`ll soon realise he`s not wanted and leave...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-01 18:30:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Phrack, where can i find it? 
If you look at  it's got a link to
phrack at (I think) Also check out It's a shame that they've got links to EFF's Web site.
EFF is a dishonorable gang of content-based censors and plug-pullers.
They support business owners and oppose free speech on the net.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-02 06:31:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hurray! A good example of rational thinking ... 
Timmy May (fart) appears to have shut up, and that's a Good Thing.
Good riddance to Timmy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-03 07:06:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hurray! A good example of rational thinking ... 
And the moment I said that, Timmy woke up and posted a pile of
non-crypto-related drivel again. Timmy is soooo predictable and
easy to manipulate, it's hardly even funny anymore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-03 07:07:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Logos here 
I think Bill is head and shoulders above Logos.
Igor sure has better manners than Timmy, so whose cow should moo...
Anyways Bill Palmer is a really cool guy. Bill, if you care to comment
on issues of cryptoanarchy and content-based plug-pulling and are not
afraid to join a high-volume mailing list, please send this command
to majordomo at toad.com:        subscribe cypherpunks
Note that you can send contributions to cypherpunks at toad.com even if
you're not subscribed.
You can also cross-post anything you post to alt.flame to mail.cypherpunks.
Have fun - I'm looking forward to your contributions.
Thanks in advance,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-03 07:07:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Culling the proles with crypto anarchy 
I wonder if the study took medical insurance into account? I used to pay $8K/
year for a pretty skimpy family medical insurance plan. (They cost so much
in NYC because of AIDS.) People on welfare get Medicaid.
Can you blame people like Igor Chudov? I happen to think that I can obtain
more wordly goods by working hard; but if someone prefers to subsist on
my taxes, more power to them. If you don't like the present system, don't
blame the people who take advantage of it, change it.
Of course Tim May is incapable of doing anything to help bring about his
beloved "crypto anarchy" except whining.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-03 13:31:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: New low-noise cryptography mailing list 
Meta-question: if someone posts strong crypto source code to the
moderated mailing list, can the moderator(s) be prosecuted under ITAR?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-03 13:34:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Logos here 
You already sound like a jerk.
sexual preferences...
Well, I'm not a list member.
That's right. You lack the decorum to spell either my first name or
my last name correctly. "Cypher punks" are a gang of uncouth juveniles
What logic? "Cypher punks" such as Paul Bradley are incapable of
discussing a technical topic (such as Don Wood's IPG proposal) without
putting "(spit)" after Don's name and calling his algorithm "bullshit".
That's from the same person who first ranted about "brute force attacks on
one-time pads", then attributed to me various shit I never said.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-03 19:46:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Culling the proles with crypto anarchy 
Igor may be in a better position to comment on welfare benefits in Oklahoma,
but I find the above statement highly questionable. New York is one of the
most generous states. An entry-level computer programmer with a B.S. and
no work experience fetches 45K on the average. Sure beats welfare.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 04:34:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PRIVACY: X-No-Archive and mail.cypherpunks 
Lame losers who call themselves "cypher punks" and bend over for John Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 04:34:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anyone considered adding crypto into Microsoft Outlook? 
Yes, this would be feasible. Problem is, "cypher punks" don't write code.
They only write flames and postmaster complaints.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 04:34:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Culling the proles with crypto anarchy 
Too bad. It's a well-paying job. :-)
Instead of trying to hack sites in Norway (quite ineptly) and getting caught,
why don't you finish the misc.jobs.* robomoderator and run the proposal.
I guess writing code is un-"cypher punk".
"Eiffel programmer" is an oxymoron. Read Bertrand Meyer's Web page.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 04:35:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PRIVACY: X-No-Archive and mail.cypherpunks 
Nope - only the ones I think might be useful to me and my friends.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 04:37:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: testing new Home Web site 
Good riddance.
Does anyone know the e-mail address for Judge Kosinski? I'd like to expose
Jim Ray as a liar and a hypocritical shyster.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 05:30:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Angel and Javier can't unsubscribe! 
Me too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 05:40:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Rise and Fall of Cypherpunks WAS [Re: the Dennings] 
See punks post. See punks rant. See punks flame. Laugh, laugh, laugh.
"Logos" suffers from verbal diarrhea and can only be pitied. Anonymous
cowards like him are the worst enemy of crypto-enhanced privacy.
We have a Greek Orthodox church of St. Dimitri not too far from here.
They mistakenly think that I'm Greek and send me the same newsletter
they send to everybody else named Dimitri. Some of it is in English,
so I learned quite a bit about the life of the original St. Dimitri:
He was a foul-mouthed Greek who lived in 3rd century CE and got into
trouble for badmouthing the Romans and other Pagans. I suppose he's
an RC saint too. I used to work for the Jesuits - very educational.
He is not to be confused with the Russian St. Dimitri Donskoy who beat the
shit out of the Mongols. That was after the schism, so he's _not RC saint.
Yes - thank you Dr. Grubor for your fine work.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 11:26:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: new mailing list & ITAR 
Years ago I was participating in a moderated cryptography mailing list
hosted in Japan. I'm sorry I don't recall the name of our gracious
moderated from Tohoku U. Eventually he had no time for it and let it die.
Anyway I recall posting Gilmore's DES code to that list. How ironic.
Anyway, it looks like almost every packet these days goes via mae-west and/or
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 11:56:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Modulating the FM noise spectrum considered infeasible 
That's what I mean when I call the "cypher punks" "uncouth juveniles".
To them "Johnson" is only another name for a penis. Elliptic curves are
off-topic. One time pads are succeptible to brute-force attacks. Etc.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 16:50:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Politeness 
Do you think spelling my last name "Vilus" is polite?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 19:40:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Logorrhea 
Hmm, I looked at my mailbox and haven't found any questions.
I've been participating in this discussion for a considerable period of time
before being attacked by Tim May for no apparent reason (other than his hatred
for Jews and for immigrants). I tried unsuccessfully to convince him off-list
that his attacks are off-topic and false (he attributed to me various bizarre
stuff that I never said). Since he insists on continuing his attacks on my
character, I will point out that he's a liar and a racist.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 19:41:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Arsen 
This reminds me how someone posted an anonymous message to this list calling
Matt Blaze a "homosexual Jew" and Tim Scanlon (another lying Tim) immediately
announced that I must be its author. He lied, of course, being a "cypher punk".
Anyway, seeing that Arsen posted the above obscenities during duty hours, I
figured I'll post another tutorial on tracking down information on the 'net.
Arsen vainly insisted on listing his name in InterNIC's database as RA1215
(unusual for someone supposedly interested in privacy). Arsen listed a phone
number (+1 718 786 4227) which is apparently at his parents' residence (48-21
40th St, Apt 2B, Calvary, NY 11104-4111) and a fax number (+1 212 725 6559).
The fax number is in Manhattan area code. A good conjecture is that it belongs
to some sort of business, and that the business's main number ends with a 0.
Indeed, calling +1 212 725 6550 (Arsen's listed fax number, 9 replaced by a 0)
and talking to a nice young lady reveals that this phone number belongs to the
Web designer EarthWeb, LLC; that they're at 3 Park Ave, 38th floor, New York,
NY 10016; that the partnership's principals are:
* Jack D. Hidary, president and CEO, * Murray Hidary, senior vice president for operations, * Nova Spivack, senior vice president for marketing, and that Arsen is their associate network administrator.
That's how much one can learn just from the fax number in one's InterNIC entry.
For the logorrhetics' reading pleasure, I'll quote some of Arsen's earlier
writings on the "cypher punks" mailing list:
]Actually, unlike you, I do feel sorry for you, for you truly have no life
]and have nothing better to do than to start flame wars and such.  Do
]yourself a favor, get a real life.  Go get off your fat ass and do
]something with yourself other than masturbating.
]You wouldn't know what a life is if one came up to you and bit you on your
]ass. Oh tell us oh great one, and what is it that you know?  But spare us
]the flames and hate.  We already know that you are an asshole, of that
]there is little doubt.  What is at doubt is your degree, or is it a
]pedigree?  Shower us with your knowledge if you have any, for it is
]apparent that dazzling us with your bullshit isn't working.
]And what by your definition is your level of life if all your output
]seems to be nothing more than flames and flame bait?  How much of a loser
]are you to resort to anonymous daily warnings about Tim?  Just how off
]topic and stupid was your message when you posted it?  Just how many
]plates of pork and beans do you eat each day to keep up your innane level
]of flatulence?
]Apparently that "Doctorhood" of yours is good only for masturbatory self
]congratulations, and when nobody pays attention to it, you turn around and
]put others down so that in your oppinion, such as it is, you come out
]smelling like roses.  Buddy, I've news for you, you aren't fooling anyone.
]You are the total absolute embodyment of shit.  No, before you
]congratulate yourself on your achievement of shithood, you aren't even
]even human or dog shit, no.  You are the essence of amoeba shit.  The
]lowest of the low. You've a long way to go before you will ever achive
]the status of high human shit.  But I must admit, you certainly know how
]to strive for that goal.  It's too bad you'll never be more than low
]grade microscopic shit though.
]And for that, you have my deepest condolances.  At least I hope this
]comforts you in your lack of life, for assuredly you haven't much of one.
]At least at a minimum, if you get nothing else from this message, you'll
]get a tenth of an ounce of pitty.
]And maybe someday, if you are really really good you might even achive
]rat shitdom.  Then we'll be real proud of you for being rat shit, but
]until that time, strive hard and work long hours.  Hey, and when you reach
]rat shitdom and become emeritus ratus shitus, we'll throw you a party!
Aren't the "cypher punks" a polite lot?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 19:41:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Intellectual dishonesty 
OK - logos claims that he misspelled my name by accient.
Let's give him one more chance.
Because reading fantasyland jargon (like 'Toad Hall') wastes my time.
It's funny that you should say this, since Tim May and other prominent
"cypher punks" devote so much attention to their "enemies'" ethnicity and
religion. Recall the attacks on "crazy Russians", "immigrants who abuse
American freedoms", the recent attack on Hispanics, the attacks on Jews,
the attacks on Mormons...
I find it hard to believe that one misspells "Vulis" as "Vilus"
unintentionally, but I'll give you another chance...
Oops! I accidentally deleted a big chunk of my own article before
sending it out. Sorry. I'll see if I can find it.
What about painting entire ethnic or religion groups, as Timmy May does?
You sound like someone who doesn't read this list, but only "reads the logs"
and sees the complaints from the likes of Arsen... I've recently quoted the
selected writings of Paul Bradley, most of which were far more "uncultured;
crude; or boorish" that anything I ever said. For example:
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 17:37:23 +0000
]Subject: Re: CIA hacked
]Message-Id: <843401979.17072.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> >Dr. John M. Grubor created the 'net.
]> Who created you? You tub of shit?
]Fuck you and fuck your cheap ass fucked up life motherfucker (look
]for the fuck redundancy index here, should be an interesting figure,
]good day to you
(The "tub of shit" quote isn't from me either.)
Here's what Graham-John Bullers of alt.2600.moderated infamy said:
]Date: Mon, 2 Dec 1996 12:15:35 -0700 (MST)
]From: real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca (Graham-John Bullers)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Subject: Re: Hurray! A good example of rational thinking ...
]In-Reply-To: ]Message-Id: ]GROW UP CUNT
]        ]                                          : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca
]Graham-John Bullers                  email
]                                          : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca
(I had dozens of these, but I only saved some.)
How do you expect one to carry out a _polite conversation with these "punks"?
I mostly choose to ignore this lot, or to re-state my opinion of them.
Paul tries to suppress the discussion of crypto on this list. Before I gave up
on this list completely, I used to think that it's a veru evil thing to do.
Even if there are problems with Don Wood's IPG cryptoscheme (something I don't
know to be true until I find the time to look at it myself), it's outright
evil to harrass Don the way Paul did. It's clear that Don knows more about the
field of cryptography than most people remaining on this mailing list. If
indeed there are holes in his scheme (and I don't know that), it certainly is
no excuse to submit him to the kind of verbal abuse that he's been subjected
to on this list. Would you submit the authors of the knapsack scheme to the
same kind of abuse because it was broken? In fact, how many people are there
still on this list who know what the knapsack scheme is?
You want intellectual dishonesty - look upstairs from toad.com.
The work of this list appears to be character assassination. If people like
Paul Bradley and Tim May insist on slandering people and trying to harm their
professional reputations (see the thread on "don't hire" lists), I will do my
best to defend them and their freedom of speech, and to expose the likes of
Paul Bradley - an ignorant buffoon out to silence anyone who knows more about
the field than he does.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 20:00:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual Cypherpunks Party 
Thank you, Bryce, for an excellent quote. Indeed "cypher punks" control
freaks are into indimidation and power games. No wonder there's so much
intersection between the "cypher punks" and the Usenet news.* Cabal!
"Cypher punks" have degenerated into an inbred cybermob whose goal in life
is to "enforce" the "rules" that apply to "newbies" (more Cabal-speak) but
not to the "in-crowd".
Paul Bradley, the vitriolic flamer, is a good example of a "cypher punk".
Paul doesn't know much about cryptography, but he's been harrassing Don Wood
because Don Wood dared propose a cryprosystem. I haven't examined Don's
proposal and don't know how good it is. Paul apparently FTP's Don's files
but lacked the technical knowledge to understand the proposal. Paul first
posted nonsensical attacks on Don's proposal (discussing a brute-force
attack on one-time pad). When several people, including myself, pointed out
that Paul was writing nonsense, Paul claimed that he mistyped "one-time pad"
for "stream cypher". Although it's an entirely different animal, Paul's
writings were still nonsense, even if one substituted "stream cypher" for
"one-time pad". After being exposed as ignoramus, Paul abandoned attempts at
technical discussion and turned to baiting Don with ad hominem attacks,
calling him "master of bullshit", and putting "(spit)" after his name. Don
reacted to Paul's provocation exactly once and rather mildly - calling Paul
"fatbrain" in reference to his e-mail host. That was the last we heard from
Don. Has the content-based censor John Gilmore pulled Don's plug as
punishment for "inappropriate content"? Inquiring minds want to know.
For the logorrhetics' reading pleasure, I reproduce another quote from Paul:
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 15:18:16 +0000
]Subject: Re: Workers Paradise. /Political rant.
]Message-Id: <843149202.18173.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> Yeah!!! And I'll bounce each mailbomb to everyone who tries it. Won't
]> that be fun.  Too ba your netcom account won't last long.
]`Fraid not loser, I`ll just mailbomb your ass so bad you won`t know
]what hit you, and my account is on demon, who can handle my incoming
]mail (about 300 a day) without a problem, go ahead punk, make my
(Paul tried mailbombing me and was warned that his mailbombs will be bounced
back to him.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 20:20:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Politeness 
"The lady doth protest too much."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-04 21:30:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Politeness 
He he he what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander blah blah
blah intellectual dishonesty blah blah blah typical logorrhetic "cypher
punk" can't spell his own nym politely.
Thanks, Deviant.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-05 05:31:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Intellectual dishonesty 
Timmy May  farts:
Me too.
Timmy May (fart) lies.  He has no friends except lady Palm and her 5 daughters.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-05 05:31:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fan mail from John Gilmore and his cronies 
Apparently I'm not the only one not believing that "Logos" did not
misspell both my first name and my last name just "accidentally".
No. Logos thinks s/he is. :-)

@_date: 1996-12-05 05:32:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP 5.0?? 
While at it, can someone please inform me as to the location of PGP 3.0?
I guess it's an old obsolete version. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:11:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP in Russia 
Cryptography is outlawed in Russia (search the archives for my articles
circa April '95). You can probably get away with using it anyway, but
they just might make an example out of you. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-05 22:40:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Arsen 
An unknown person asked:
Your tcp/ip package should have a program called 'whois', which goes to
internic and searches its database. I'm not sure if MS includes it in NT or
whatever you're using... If you can't find it, just telnet to internic.net or
rs.internic.net port 43 (important!) and type the string you want to search
for. Save the output - it closes the telnet connection after sending it.
Yes, it relies on people supplying the information about themselves.
Some folks are pretty paranoid about. E.g., fingering unicorn at uiuc.edu says:
]       name: You may not view this field.
] department: You may not view this field.
]      title: You may not view this field.
]      phone: You may not view this field.
]    address: You may not view this field.
]      other: You may not view this field.
]   email to: unicorn at uiuc.edu (Not present in entry.)
] public_key:
]You may not view this field.
May not view the public key? Come on.

@_date: 1996-12-05 22:42:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dimitri IS Detweiler 
How do you know that Dale != me?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-06 04:34:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [crypto] Avatar Protection? 
"Cypher punks" can't spell.                         ^
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-06 06:30:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Proof that "cypher punks" have complete degenerated... 
No one even commented on the latest Dr. Dobbs issue.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-06 07:38:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual Cypherpunks Party 
If an entrepreneur wants to sell a new electrical gizmo and wants an
independent review of its safety, he pays $$$ for it. Apparently one of the
functions of the new brand of "cypher punks" is to provide a similar service
for free. Sorry, I'm not a part of it, and I'm not *that* interested in Don's
proposal. I have better use for my time.
(I suspect that you too have better use of your time, like shagging your
girlfriend and/or working on the robomoderated misc.jobs.* - nag, nag)
I also don't think that the ease of breaking the code should be the only
consideration in evaluating a low-end cryptographic product. I happen to
advocate widest possible availabily of crypto for the unwashed masses - again,
unlike today's "cypher punks" who think crypto is "kewl" stuff for the "3lit3
d00dz". This current pseudo-crypto crowd reminds me of a hobby I had when I
was very young and New York City had hundreds of dial-up BBS's. Most of them
were run by kids and their main function was the "elite" download section
featuring pirated copyrighted software. I figured out a technique to download
whatever I wanted from the "elite" sections without the BBS operator's knowing
who it was. (They normally "validated" only someone they knew and demanded
uploades for downloads. "Expropriate the expropriator", as Lenin taught us.)
After a while I got tired of it because invariably the commercial software I
downloaded was junk, not worth the downloading time and the disk space.
Back to crypto: If someone wants to market (and support) a crypto package for
the masses and gets the masses to deploy it, I take my hat off to them. It
doesn't matter if the code itself can be cracked as easily as the codes used
in PKZIP or MS Excel or MS Word (reportedly). If the users discover that the
code isn't strong enough for their needs, they'll upgrade to stronger codes.
The path from weak crypto to strong crypto is much shorter than the path from
no crypto to some crypto.
If the user interface and logical and transparent and provides hooks to
replace the weak (non-export-controlled) crypto being shipped with a stronger
one (say, by FTPing a DLL) then it's a Good Thing.
Don is doing a Good Thing and the "cypher punks" are doing an evil thing.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-06 17:50:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Apology 
Another "newbie" beaten into submission by the cybermob.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-06 21:00:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Systems with weak crypto, was: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual 
Right now "snake oil" vendors treat the review process as an entitlement.
I think the world would be a slightly better place if punks of search of
reputation capital limited free reviews to freely available software; those
who *sell* something crypto-related deserve to be told, sternly: "Sorry,
union rules. You want a critique of your software, you pay for it."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-06 21:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Systems with weak crypto, was: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual 
I too have heard a lot of bullshit on this mailing list with no basis in
Suppose a vendor sells (or gives away) a software product, say, a front end
to POP3/SMTP, or a secure filesystem for WinNT, with hooks to crypto
routines in a DLL (or a shared library). The vendor bundles 2+ crypto
libraries with the product, publishes the API for plugging in 3rd party
libraries, and makes a diligent effort to limit key size to, say, 16 bits.
Later a strong library becomes available from overseas (perhaps a PGP
interface.) and it turns out that the key size limitation sort of doesn't
work (e.g. disallows keys from 17 to 127 keys but allows 128+). "Sorry,
officer, a bug in our program!"
Is USG going to risk a test case on the vendor?
Suppose an organization deploys (weak) crypto and establishes policies and
procedures for distributing keys, for ensuring that all that needs to be
encrypted is, for clearing plaintexts, etc. Suppose one day it becomes
dissatisfied with the weak crypto package and replaces it by a stronger one.
How much of the time and effort invested in deploying the weak package will
be directly transferrable?
Don promotes the use of crypto. I have no idea what exactly he's selling.
I haven't been paid to review it. :-)
"Cypher punks" are doing an evil thing not by exposing the alleged weaknesses
in Don't proposal (I have no idea if they're there or not, and I don't care).
"Cypher punks" such as Paul Bradley verbally abuse Don and turn this mailing
list into a laughing stock for the media. Putting "(spit)" after Don's name
and calling him "bullshit master" is not the same as exposing weaknesses in
his proposal.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-07 14:51:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: cypher-PUNKS... 
Ritalin, attacks on Mormons, assault rifles, attacks on "crazy Russians"...
Crackpot spammer Timmy May (fart) lies again.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-07 14:51:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: KIDNEYS STOLEN FROM A NAKED DRUGGED MAN 
When it doubt, blame Timmy May (fart).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-07 14:52:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Family Channel" of the Internet? 
I think one come up with a scheme where the web access is through a proxy
server which doesn't let through HTML pages unless the contain a sort of
digitally signed 'G rating'.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-08 05:20:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: cypher-PUNKS... 
More fan mail from John Gilmore and his friends:
Silly Deviant,
How could Timmy May initiate a crypto-relevant thread if he knows nothing
about crypto? Timmy posted a series of message via anonymous remailers
praising himself and calling himself "a genius among geniuses" or some such.
What a moron.

@_date: 1996-12-09 14:29:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: cypher-PUNKS... 
Tim must have been a heinous baby...
The real identities of people who use the "anonymous" remails to send out
"homophobic" or otherwise "politically incorrect" materials are frequently
disclosed on the "remailer-operators" mailing list. For example:
]Date: Mon, 9 Dec 1996 12:50:40 -0800 (PST)
]From: ************* (******************)
]X-Sender: ********************
]To: remailer-operators at c2.net
]Subject: feh.
]Message-Id: ]Someone who proports to be from ******************* is sending out a huge
]spam/mailbomb right now.  I suggest you sourceblock the prick now.
] Upon advice from his attorney, my tagline has no comment at this time
Is that "anonymous"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 06:41:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP 3 Beta testers needed 
Timmy May is a racist (especially hates Jews) and a proven liar.
Perhaps this doesn't bother you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 06:42:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Secure Erase for PCs? 
The problem with running Igor's program on PC has to do with the last
allocation cluster of each file: it's in use (so this program won't
write over it), but it only has new data at the beginning, and might
contain some interesting old data at the end.
For the PCs, Norton Utilities (now from Symantec) include a wiping
utility that addresses the above problem. Specifially for OS/2 HPFS,
the Gammatech utility also include one.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 06:43:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More "arsenic" fan mail from John Gilmore, his friends and lovers 
Carriage returns added:
I'm not sure if I'm going to the get-together.

@_date: 1996-12-10 08:22:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Codebreakers on the shelves! 
The "cypher punks" mailing list isn't even mentioned, whines Timmy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 08:31:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
So, what's your problem, Timmy?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 08:59:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Redlining 
This has no crypto-relevance...
Without government regulation, a bank would charge higher interest rates for
(e.g.) residential mortgages in neighborhoods where the bank thinks they have
more likelyhood of default and eventual foreclosure. This is no different from
life insurance companies charging smokers higher premiums because they think
that smokers die younger. A bank would not flatly refuse to lend money in a
certain neighborhood if they could charge an interest rate at which they would
still make money (with appropriate reserves for defaults). But because they
can't discriminate freely in setting the interest rate, the banks try to avoid
high-risk loans altogether.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 12:02:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Redlining 
Supposedly in redlining the bank discriminates based not on the race of the
loan applicants, but on the location.  If they're unwilling to lend money
to buy a house in a "bad neighborhood" at the same interest rate they use
in a "good neighborhood", then chances are that they don't look at the
identify (race, income, etc) of the customers - only at the address.
I hope you're not suggesting that a bank should accept a house as collateral
without knowing there that house is. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 12:50:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Patriots should use PGP 
If they negotiate fixing a game and don't want anyone to find out...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 12:53:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
Claiming that you're the Messiah might get you and your followers burned.
Remember David Koresh?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 13:51:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
Timmy May is a disgusting low-life - a true human garbage slimeball.
Most WWW browsers won't understand your HTML if you choose not to use
the , , , etc tags.  If you think that's censorship,
you should write your own browser. :-)
(Just trying to replicate the "logic" of Gilmore defenders here.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 14:51:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A New First on this List 
Timmy May is a Jew-hating liar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 20:31:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Redlining 
Actually, this is not as wild as it first sounds, even though the location
forms a major part of the price of real estate. (We seem to be talking about
mortgages for primary residences now. Actually, the bigger problem with
redlining is the banks' refusal to extend loans to business venture (such as
retail stores) in neighborhoods they consider too risky.)
Suppose the bank deals with a middleman (perhaps even a government agency -
something in the spirit of Sally Maie, Freddie Mac, and Fannie May) that
guarantees that the collateral is worth a certain amount and the bank can
set the interest rate based on the borrower's crddit history etc. If the
bank forecloses, they get the value of the collateral from the middleman. A
bank would charge lower rates because they wouldn't have to deal with the
potential foreclosures.
Alternatively, the information about the location can be held in a kind of
escrow while the mortage is being negotiated and disclosed to the bank
immediately after they agree on terms. The bank can pull out if they, e.g.,
disagree with the appraisal.
Anonymous transactions are surprisingly common in financial markets (I again
refer you to Solnik's book for some examples). I used to work with a very
curious kind of transaction called "principal bid". Let's suppose that you
own 10,000 shares of IBM and you want to sell them and buy 150,000 shares of
Novell with the proceeds. If you do it through a regular broker, it'll cost
you a great deal in both commission cost and market impact. For large
transactions ($20M+) asset managers use the following technique:
Compose a description of the package you're trying to buy/sell. You might
list things like the number of shares you're trying to buy and sell, the
average closing price from the day before, some indication of market
capitalization, liquidity, bid/ask spread, etc. Fax it over to your brokers
who *can't* determine from this information which stocks you're trying to
trade. (If they could, they would manupulate the market against you.) Based
on the description you supply, the brokers send in bids in the form "closing
price plus n cents", where n is usually between 5 and 20 cents. This is done
in the afternoon and the closing price for that day is not known to either
party. The lowest bidder buys/sells the package at the close minus/plus
the n cents and finds out afterwards what he got (a cat in the bag indeed).
The other bidders don't even know what got traded.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-10 21:15:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP 3 Beta testers needed 
You must have Timmy May in your killfile then.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 05:55:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
I think it would make much more sense to implement a CPU-intensive problem
like DES in ActiveX.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 05:57:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The product formerly known as VGP 
This reminds me how when I was a student at CUNY, I computerized many
things, including the distribution of the bulletin with seminar announcements.
One day I misspelled CUNY by pressing a letter next to Y instead of Y.
(The spell checker didn't complain.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 11:09:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
I happen to have a Sparc 20 box and a Linux box and a SCO box, and ActiveX
won't work on any of those. I also work with a bunch of other equipment
that's much faster than a PC, but doesn't run browsers. (Most of it is not
connected to the 'net for security reasons, but that's besides the point.)
If Bill's client is sure to run the platforms that MS IE runs on, then this is
not a consideration.
Interpreted FORTH bytestream (which is what Java is) may be "doing quite well"
when drawing GUI gizmos and widgets, but it can't get anywhere near the
performance of hand-optimizer assembler that you can stick into ActiveX.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 19:40:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Utility of Snake Oil FAQ 
Dunno about "cyperpunks", but "cypher punks" are a bunch of clueless assholes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 19:44:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Redlining 
As usual, Timmy May spouts racist, anti-Semitic shit. As usual, he has
no idea what he's talking about. So what else is new...
The interest that a bank charges on a commercial loan can be thought of as
three components: a chunk to offset the anticipated effects of inflation;
a chunk that goes into a "bad debt" reserve; and a chunk that's the economic
revenue of the bank.
Imagine that a bank could set its loan rates freely, without the government
distorting the market. Two Brooklyn Jews (the kind of people Timmy May hates
with a vengeance and wants dead :-) apply for $50K loans to open little grocery
stores. The only difference is that Jew 1 (let's call him Abram) wants to open
his store in Park Slope (inhabited by Jewish Lesbians) and Jew 2 (Baruch) wants
to open his store in Morningside Heights (Blacks, Hispanics, a few Columbia
University students). The loan officer would consider the fact that Baruch's
business venture is much riskier that Abram's and charge Baruch a higher
interest rate to offset the higher risk of the default. If the banks writes a
lot of such loans, then on the average they'll have the same profit from all of
them. Think of this as the higher life insurance premiums smokers pay - they
don't add anything to the insurance company's profits. If Baruch thinks the
bank charges him too much for the added risk, he can go to another bank - there
are plenty of them.
Now consider the distorted market where a bank can't charge Abram and Baruch
different rates as determined by the free market. The bank knows precisely how
risky each loan is, but is not allowed to use this knowledge. Instead the bank
tries its best to avoid giving the loan to Baruch, because this loan would be
riskier than the equalized interest rate makes it worth. Baruch can't open a
store.* Baruch and his potential customers suffer. The bank is forced to write
some Baruch loans (fewer than it would in the previous paragraph), so it tries
to charge Abram higher rates that in the previous paragraph to offset the
losses on Baruch loans. Abram passes on some of this higher interest to his
customers. Abram and his customers suffer. Another bank might be more
successful in fending off Baruch's loan application, so it'll offer Abram a
lower interest rate, and he'll patronize that bank. Thus "socially undesirable"
behavior is rewarded. Finally, banks that don't give loans to Baruch do less
business overall, earn less profit, and their owners (shareholders) suffer.
(But they'd suffer even more of their banks loaned money to Baruch at the
same rate as to Abram, of course.)
* What happens in real life is - Baruch goes to another institution that issues
loans at much higher interest rates than a regular bank (often just below the
usury cap, or above if it's an unregular loan shark). Abram is welcome to
borrow there too, but he doesn't have to. The institution effectively
specializes in loans to businesses that can't obtain loans at regular lending
institutions through setting a high interest rate.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 20:11:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
Yes, even Timmy sometimes tells the truth. It's rational to discriminate
against people who don't know C when you're trying to hire someone to
write C programs. How profound.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 21:00:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: I am a stupid cocksucker 
You misspelled "Timmy May", asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-11 22:00:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
It would be very foolish to touch any shit that comes out of Cygnus.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-12 10:31:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Dec Mtg / upDate + TEXT-only version 
I think it would be interesting to organize one.
Every wannabe asshole will show up.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-12 17:51:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: take me off the list 
Paul Bradley must be a very sick young man. He can't control himself.
He feels compelled to post obscenities to this mailing list.
Has anyone ever seen an article by Paul without the word "fuck" in it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-12 18:00:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
First, because it's King John "Lackbrain" Gilmore's company. :-)
Second, because they hire unqualified people (rather, people whose
qualifications have nothing to do with the job) and they've already
fucked up every project they've ever touched.
Third, because they steal from the people who originally developed the
free software by charging money for the non-existent "support".
I'm quite happy with MS VC++ for NT. I doubt that Cygnus can do a good job
porting gcc to NT. People much better than the assholes at Cygnus have not
done a great job porting gcc to OS/2. If I want gcc, I just run it on the
Linux box, or a Sun box.
Fuck Cygnus.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-12 19:00:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: In Defense of Anecdotal Evidence 
What's surprising about it??
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-12 20:00:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
That's what I said in line 1.  Your point?
(And of course if these machines were on the Web as servers, they could take
advantage of ActiveX on clients.)
I've seen many Forth implementations, including pseudo-compilers similar
to what you describe. They sure generated a lot of instructions and an
occasional speed improvement over a simple-minded interpreter.
Can it go out on the web and talk to arbitrary servers?
Can it work with local files?
Where did the 10-25% figure come from?
Of course, Ray works for Earthweb, who has a "special partnership" with
SunSoft, and gets paid to badmouth competing products and push Java when
it's clearly inappropriate.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-13 19:10:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ASM vs portable code [WAS: Re: Java DES breaker?] 
Don't worry, you're not.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-13 19:10:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
It does. John Gilmore is a proven liar. He has no credibility.
They lack competence in all areas except cocksucking.
John Gilmore rips off software authors. I don't care what the copyleft says.
Gilmore is a crook.
Given your brazen disregard for the software authors, and general lack of
ethics, you probably have an illegal copy already.
Microsoft sucks. I've had plenty of terrible experience with them trying
to rip me off. John Gilmore is worse.
If you don't do much programming, then you can a) use a DOS C compiler,
b) use Perl for NT (free from Microsoft; not that I like Perl), c) use
Visual Basic, d) byte the bullet and invest in the compiler from the same
company that wrote the OS. If you want to learn NT system APIs, graphics
APIs, etc, then you probably can't even call them from gcc reliably.
Fuck John Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-14 08:40:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Race and IQ 
That's a very good point, Julian, but sometimes the circumstances force us to
used "appled epistemology" in less than the ideal conditions, or sometimes
we just make up cutesy hypotheticals, complete with ASCII art:
1. Suppose that you have to consider two individuals, Al and Bob, and all
you're allowed to know is that Al is white and Bob is black. You must make a
bet as to a) which one is smarter, b) which one is physically stronger. You
can't learn any additional information about them other than the color of their
skin. How do you bet?
2. Suppose that you're walking in the middle of a deserted street in the
    TRUCK      middle of the night in an industrial neighborhood. You see a
S    \ /    S  truck coming from the other side. You also notice that there
i     S     i  are only two people around, standing on the opposite
d     t     d  sidewalks. You'll have to pass close to one of the two
e P1  r  P2 e  people to avoid being hit by the truck. P1 and P2 look the
w     e     w  same, moderately menacing, are dressed the same, have no
a     e     a  obivious business standing here in the middle of the night,
l     t     l  but P1 is white and P2 is black. Are you going to step right
k    / \    k  or left to yield to the truck? (Disregard the reasonable
     YOU       assumption that P1 and P2 are working together. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-14 08:42:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Race and IQ 
Music is not considered important to economic suceesee in the West, so most
kids with a talent for it never get to develop it (or never even get
"discovered"). But "not being in the top basis point of the population"
!= "being retarded".
Is this trait inherited?
Does this trait enable the person who has it to accumulate more wordly goods
and to have more children? I suspect that it does in certain societies.
A drummer this good would probably be very successful economically in
contemporary Western society, while in his native village his skill is
It's funny how Red's been conditioned to ignore the much more obvious
disparity in athletic skills. "White man can't jump."
Again, the racist American doesn't know much about the elaborate Chinese
civil service exams, and dismisses them as "interpetation of poetry".
Crypto-relevant remark: the exams were anonymous. The candidate submitted
the exam paper under a motto (?). The graders were not supposed to know
the identity of the candidate.
Most primitive societies (not only in Africa) tend to be (effectively)
fascist dictatorship, where the chief's word is the law, enforced by his
family members and leutenants. The chief would use this power to rob the
villages of the products of their labor, to rape their women, etc, and would
pass on this power to his son. The priests also had the power to rob the
villages (they don't work, but they've got to eat). The shamans could
declare a person a "witch"/heretic and have him/her killed.
Remember, whites *bought* almost all the slaves that were brought from
Africa to the New World. They didn't bring slavery to Africa. Western
civilization is the only one I know that voluntarily aboloshed slavery.
Typically, there were slaves, and even the free villagers had the products
of their labor expropriated to feed the vast bureaucracy of chiefs and
priests. Also the women were treated pretty shabbily.
Wrong. Egyptians' math was pretty much non-existent, compared even with
their contemporary sumerians' math. You can't get very far with "Egyptian
fractions". I guess Red's been going to a public school where the curriculum
writers tried to raise the self-confidence of minority kids by teaching them
how Egyptians invented the math that the Greeks stole from them. Sorry, your
teachers have been lying to you.
Egyptian civilization stopped developing the moment they created the strong
government based on deification of the pharaoh. There was not a single
invention, no development at all for thousands of years. Horses were
introduced by Asian conquerors. The writing system got simpler. Otherwise,
there was very little new at the time of Alexander the Great as compared to
the first pyramids. An amazingly boring history.
Why do some people look at the lip thickness of the statues? There are
thousands of mummies to analyze. There are modern copts, the descendants of
the ancient egyptians. The results of their DNA analysis didn't satisfy
Red's teachers, so now they measure how thick the statues' lips are.
By the way, Ethiopians and Somalians are genetically closer to Arabs and
Jews than to African Americans.
Timbuktu had a "medrese" (a place where young people memorized verses from
the Quran). There are hundreds of such medredes north of Sakhara, in Middle
East, Central Asia, etc. Every Moslem town had at least one. Timbuktu was
remarkable being was the only one serving the entire subsakharan region.
NOTHING. The individuals' dispersion from the average is so much greater
that whatever difference could possibly exist between group adverages that
it predicts nothing for individuals once any selection critera are invoked.
Consider a basketball team whose coach refuses to accept white players
because he believes that "white men can't jump". He'll miss on some
excellent white players who will join the competing teams. If this team's
objective is to win, then racial discriminations puts it at competetive
An h.r. person whose task is to hire a C programmer, and who refuses even to
interview black candidates because he believes that an average black
candidate is dumber than an average white candidate is likewise guilty of
economic fallacy (and also various crimes in the U.S.)
Even if it were true that the ancient Egyptians were genetically related to
subsakharans, and even if they had invented all the math that we attribute
to the various "Greek" mathematicians, what would that have to do to the
self-esteem of today's African-Americans?
Do you have any verifiable statistics to support this claim?
Now, you're lying. Certain people advocate economic insentives (paying the
people believed to carry undesirable genes not to breed), sterilization
(again, voluntary, in exchange for economic insentives) and better education
(e.g. pregnant women over certain age are strongly encouraged to find out
whether the fetus has Down's syndrome and several other common
abnormalities; it's up to them to choose to abort).
I think you're referring to the 1927 _Buck v. Bell_ decision, where the
Supreme Court upheld the Virginia law that mandated forced sterilization of
imbeciles. Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote the decision, which said:
"three genereations of  is enough". That was 6 years before
Hitler won the elections in Germany.
What evidence do you have that Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes a) was holding
a second job in Virginia, b) had anything to do with the implementation of
the law, c) that the young lady was not an imbecile?
Indeed, a typical "cypher punk".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-14 12:20:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Personal Reputation, was Re: Java DES breaker? 
John Gilmore (spit) is full of shit just like his boyfriend Timmy May (fart).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-14 13:20:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your mail 
Potomu, chto Sovok parhatyj. :-)
The meetings consisted entirely of "stukachi".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-14 13:30:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Personal Reputation, was Re: Java DES breaker? 
John Gilmore is a crook and a liar. He has no credibility and no dignity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-14 17:20:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Merry Christmas, HipXmas-SantaSpam! 
Thank you, Womb [aren't you afraid that Timmy May will mailbomb you for
insufficient anti-Semitism unbecoming a "cypher punk"], and a joyous Kwanza
to Red Rackham, and a spermy holiday to John Gilmore (swallow, don't spit).
*  X   !   X   !   X   !   X   !   .   !   X   !   X   !   X   !   X   *
*      O       O       O       O  .|.  O       O       O       O       *
*                                 -*-                                  *
*   Athbhliain Faoi Mhaise!       '|`           _    Happy New Year!   *
*   Frohliche Weihnachten!        *:*          ("D     Chag Sameach!   *
*   Sarbatori Fericite!          * . *        ~(=r      Boas Festas!   *
*   Joyous Solstice!            **   **    .../__\       Gut Yontif!   *
*   Mele Kurisumasu!          *** o   ***     [MJ]       Iyi YIllar!   *
*   Mele Kalikimaka!           *\    O *             Wesolych Swiat!   *
*   Merry Christmas!          ** \\    **            Velelykh Svyat!   *
*   Happy Hanukkah!         ***    \\   ***        Stastny Novy Rok!   *
*   Pari Dzounount!          * o     \\  *        Kelemes Unnepeket!   *
*   Happy Holidays!         **    O    \\**      Season's Greetings!   *
*   Veseli Vanoce!        ***\\       o  \***     Gung Hay Fat Choy!   *
*   Feliz Navidad!         *   \\  o       *       Felican Jarfinon!   *
*   Joyeux Noel!          **  o  \\    O   **       Joy to the World   *
*   Bom Natal!         ****        \\     o ****      - And to All a   *
*   God Jul!             ** o     o  \\ o   **           Good Night!   *
*   Cheers!            ***     O       \\    ***                       *
*   *:D       o_     *****************************      e
*     _      <' )~      ___        _v_            *    /<~    ["""] V  o [___] _ at _  A         ___ ___________
*   %'=     U |\ /|/^^^\ !    II__[w] | [i] [z] |
*  %' )   /%|HHH||$|/V\|XXX|~~~~~  {======|_|~~~~~~~~~|
* %(__6 |==D|HHH||$|\^/|/ \|===== V  /oO--000'"`-OO---OO-'

@_date: 1996-12-14 18:40:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
Forth is close enough to Java to suffer from the same problem: the hacks you
describe don't know when they look at your bytecode what a C compiler knows
when it looks at a C program. They emit native machine language instructions
that emulate the Java machine at run time and repeatedly resolve the
references that a C compiler has resolved once at compile time.
The great Russian-Scottish poet Mikhail Yur'evich Lermotov said the following
about the likes of Ray "Arsen" Arachelian:  "Ty trus, ty rab, ry armyanin."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-15 13:49:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ITARs effects 
And what exactly was Kelly Goen's role?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-16 07:42:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: HP 
HP 9000's are great boxes, but they break down and need maintenance.
That's to be expected. You, anonymous coward, are an ignorant asshole
and a typical "cypher punk".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-16 13:36:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Java DES breaker? 
Clearly, there's even less intelligent life down at Earthweb, given that
their associate network administrator spammed the following rude flames:
]Actually, unlike you, I do feel sorry for you, for you truly have no life
]and have nothing better to do than to start flame wars and such.  Do
]yourself a favor, get a real life.  Go get off your fat ass and do
]something with yourself other than masturbating.
]You wouldn't know what a life is if one came up to you and bit you on your
]ass. Oh tell us oh great one, and what is it that you know?  But spare us
]the flames and hate.  We already know that you are an asshole, of that
]there is little doubt.  What is at doubt is your degree, or is it a
]pedigree?  Shower us with your knowledge if you have any, for it is
]apparent that dazzling us with your bullshit isn't working.
]And what by your definition is your level of life if all your output
]seems to be nothing more than flames and flame bait?  How much of a loser
]are you to resort to anonymous daily warnings about Tim?  Just how off
]topic and stupid was your message when you posted it?  Just how many
]plates of pork and beans do you eat each day to keep up your innane level
]of flatulence?
]Apparently that "Doctorhood" of yours is good only for masturbatory self
]congratulations, and when nobody pays attention to it, you turn around and
]put others down so that in your oppinion, such as it is, you come out
]smelling like roses.  Buddy, I've news for you, you aren't fooling anyone.
]You are the total absolute embodyment of shit.  No, before you
]congratulate yourself on your achievement of shithood, you aren't even
]even human or dog shit, no.  You are the essence of amoeba shit.  The
]lowest of the low. You've a long way to go before you will ever achive
]the status of high human shit.  But I must admit, you certainly know how
]to strive for that goal.  It's too bad you'll never be more than low
]grade microscopic shit though.
]And for that, you have my deepest condolances.  At least I hope this
]comforts you in your lack of life, for assuredly you haven't much of one.
]At least at a minimum, if you get nothing else from this message, you'll
]get a tenth of an ounce of pitty.
]And maybe someday, if you are really really good you might even achive
]rat shitdom.  Then we'll be real proud of you for being rat shit, but
]until that time, strive hard and work long hours.  Hey, and when you reach
]rat shitdom and become emeritus ratus shitus, we'll throw you a party!
Does Earthweb honor Timmy May's "don't hire" list? Who are their clients?

@_date: 1996-12-16 17:41:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous hate mail from John Gilmore, his friends, and lovers 
More shit from some "cypher punk" asshole:
"Cypher punks" have no life.

@_date: 1996-12-17 06:27:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Securing ActiveX. 
If you FTP an executable from the Internet which purports to be a "kewl"
encryption program, and instead it wipes out everything it has write
access to, then Ray Arachelian probably wrote it.
Armenians are murderous cowards. They killed over 2 million Moslems in
this century alone - mostly women and children.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-17 06:41:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Securing ActiveX. 
Ray "Arsen" Arachelian, the associate network administrator at Earthweb,
continues to post lies about me. Who are Earthweb's other major clients,
besides the Museum of Natural History (yech, what an ugly Web site)?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-18 06:42:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The virus I got... 
Yes - unbelievable stupidity is one of the distinguishing features of the
"cypher punks", together with ignorance and racism.
And these idiots rant about not trusting signed apples.
He he he.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-18 07:24:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pretty Lousy Privacy 
The genocide of 2,500,000 Moslems (mostly women and children) by Armenians
during this century's "ethnic cleansings" alone is nothing to laugh about.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-18 07:24:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WARNING: VIRUS: [Was: Re: Encryption to the poors] 
You were probably thinking that cryptography is "kewl" and that any
juvenile computer nerd can use fancy phrases like "brute force attacks
on one-time pads" without understanding what he's talking about and
sound as "kewl" as Paul Bradley.  Right?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-18 19:10:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: virus from fuck@yourself.up 
"Cypher punks" are that dumb? No kidding.
He he he.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-18 20:40:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Attention Journalists (was Re: TIS_sue) 
Jewhater "Timothy C. May"  farted:
What this net needs is the final solution to the "cypher punk" problem.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 07:12:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as Philosopher Kings [was permanent invasion of privacy] 
Has John Gilmore (spit) been unsuscriving more people? What a jerk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 07:13:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Earl Edwin Pitts, $224,000 
No shit! I just realized that I think I did meet this guy!!!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 07:15:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "I've Always Wondered..." 
He he he. Clearly, "cypher punks" like Paul Bradley, Ray Arachalian, and
Timmy May suffer from too having too much free time.  Idle minds are the
root of sexual perversion or some such.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 07:16:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Earl Edwin Pitts, $224,000 
Look at the hoops the Klinton administration jumps through to prove that
flight TWA wasn't shot down by their missile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 08:11:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Proof that "cypher punks" have complete degenerated... 
The word "encryption" on the fucking front cover?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 09:36:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutiona 
I find it highly amusing how John "asshole censor" Gilmore claims credit
for himself and his discredited EFF, as if they had anything to do with
Patel's ruling.
What a maroon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:01:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The virus I got... 
The distinction is too subtle for the jerks who call themselves "cypher punks".
"I spilled coffe on my floppy disk. Is it now infected with a virus?"
                                                  - Timmy May
"Never use floppy disk for plate jobs if they contain sikrit data."
                                                  - John Gilmore
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:01:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutiona 
Is John a real blonde?  His beard looks very unnatural.  Does he or doesn't he?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:02:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: permanent invasion of privacy 
Yes, Blanc is a typical ignorant "cypher punk".  What a maroon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:03:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Encryption ? 
There's also at least one hate-crazed Armenian who wants to suppress all
discussions of the genocide of 2,500,000 Turks, Kurds, and Sephardic Jews
by his bloodthirsty compatriots.
As for the hoodlums like Paul Bradley, who attack the crypto discussions
on this list, I'm sure he's too stupid to work for the NSA. He's just an idiot.
I used to work with one Armenian guy who used to work for the NSA and couldn't
get crypto clearance because he was Armenian - that's right, because he had
relatives back there. So he quit and went into business for himself. His wife
was also Armenian, but she was able to work for the NSA for many years.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:10:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks'" sexual preferences 
Bruce has a very strange look in his eyes.
Perhaps he never has sex with anyone.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:29:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: We won the Bernstein case. 
No wonder Jewhater Timmy May (fart) is rapidly approaching apoplexy! Omeyn.
There probably will be an orgy at the NYC punks meeting tonight,
which I'm not going to attend, not being a queer "cypher punk".
Try to find Judge Patel's district on the map.
Hint: North California is covered, North Carolina (and North Dakota) ain't.
Pathetic queens indeed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 13:22:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutiona 
The EFF lost whatever little credibility is had left when John "asshole
censor" Gilmore (spit) admitted to content-based plug-pulling. What a jerk.
P.S. I wonder if Bon Giovanni is an EFF supporter. He sounds like one -
clueless and untruthful jerk, seeking to silence his mental superiors...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 18:25:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Houghton-Mifflin wants spam in exhange for publicity 
You've been porking your own sister? Man, you're SICK.
How about some GIFs?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-19 20:10:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks'" sexual preferences 
Mazal Tov. So are John Gilmore and Jason Durbin.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:05:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Proof that "cypher punks" have complete degenerated... 
I agree that Dr.Dobb's ain't what it used to was (they mention that Bruce
Scheneier is a contributing editor - a bad sign), but this issue was
worth getting.
1. A very interesting interview with Eva Bozoki, chief scientist as
Digital Secure Networks Technology. Among other fascinating stuff
she complains about export controls.
2. "The RIPEMD-160 Cryptographic Hash Function" (with C source code).
3. A nice article explaining Reed-Solomon error correction, with
nice-looking C source code.
4. An announcement of a free compression library (the article only discusses
the APIs, not the internals).
5.  A discussion on hooking system calls in WinNT, allowing a program to
monitor system activity.
6. "Steganography for DOS programmers." Yes, it suggests putting data to
be hidden after a ctrl-Z, which hardly qualifies as stego, IMO. Not a
good article.
7. An article on extended MAPI 1.0 (I was looking for a place for crypto
hooks), announcing some inetersting code.
8. A discussing of publishing databases on the internet, including payment
9. A discussion if fractal-based compression (again, API's, not the guts).
Other interesting stuff with no crypto-relevance.
Byte magazine used to be very useful from the beginning to about '86,
when it turned into another Ziff-Davis clone. I have most of the issues
from that time filed somewhere. It's still relevant.
I guess good publications don't survive in the free market environment.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:36:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks'" sexual preferences 
The soldarity displayed by the likes of A.Bostick, Jason Durbin (slothrop),
and John Gilmore is truly remarkable. These people don't care what the
commotion is all about: if one of their kind needs support, he'll get it
in form of obscenities and spam directed at his "enemies".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-20 18:00:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Yiddish humor 
How do you call a "cypher punk" without AIDS?
Gay gezund.
How do you call a "cypher punk" with AIDS?
Gay in drer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-20 18:20:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
Why is the fascist United State of America considered a "civilized country"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-20 18:22:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
It's funny that this particulae piece of fascist regulation was imposed
by the Klintons after the TWA 800 crash. Now the most likely reasons for
the crash are supposedly a mechanical failure or a U.S.missile - not any
terrorists. But once the fascists gain some ground, they don't give it back.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-20 18:40:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pretty Lousy Privacy 
You may well be right. Were any of the Azeri civilians murdered by
Armenians in Khojaly computer programmers? Are any of their killers
presently employed by Earthweb as associate network administrators?
_Newsweek_ 16 March 1992
By Pascal Privat with Steve Le Vine in Moscow
             THE FACE OF A MASSACRE
Azerbaijan was a charnel house again last week:  a  place
of  mourning  refugees  and  dozens  of  mangled  corpses
dragged  to  a  makeshift morgue behind the mosque.  They
were  ordinary  Azerbaijani men, women  and  children  of
Khojaly, a  small village  in  war-torn  Nagorno-Karabakh
overrun  by  Armenian  forces on Feb.  25-26.  Many  were
killed  at  close range while trying to  flee;  some  had
their  faces  mutilated, others were scalped.  While  the
victims' families mourned,
Photo: `We will never forgive the Armenians': Azeri woman
       mourn a victim.
_The New York Times_, Tuesday, March 3, 1992
                    MASSACRE BY ARMENIANS
Agdam, Azerbaijan, March 2 (Reuters) - Fresh evidence emerged
today of a massacre of civilians by Armenian militants in
Nagorno-Karabakh, a predominantly Armenian enclave of Azerbaijan.
                         Scalping Reported
Azerbaijani officials and journalists who flew briefly to the region
by helicopter brought back three dead children with the back of their
heads blown off. They said shooting by Armenians has prevented them
from retrieving more bodies.
"Women and children have been scalped," said Assad Faradshev, an aide
to Nagorno-Karabakh's Azerbaijani Governor. "When we began to pick up
bodies, they began firing at us."
The Azerbaijani militia chief in Agdam, Rashid Mamedov, said: "The
bodies are lying there like flocks of sheep. Even the fascists did
nothing like this."
                         Truckloads of Bodies
Near Agdam on the outskirts of Nagorno-Karabakh, a Reuters photographer,
Frederique Lengaigne, said she had seen two trucks filled with Azerbaijani
"In the first one I counted 35, and it looked as though there were as
many in the second," she said. "Some had their head cut off, and many
had been burned. They were all men, and a few had been wearing khaki
_The Sunday Times_ 1 March 1992
By Thomas Goltz, Agdam, Azerbaijan
    ARMENIAN SOLDIERS MASSACRE HUNDREDS OF FLEEING FAMILIES
Survivors reported that Armenian soldiers shot and bayoneted more
than 450 Azeris, many of them women and children. Hundreds, possibly
thousands, were missing and feared dead.
The attackers killed most of the soldiers and volunteers defending
the women and children. They then turned their guns on the terrified
refugees. The few survivors later described what happened: 'That's
when the real slaughter began,' said Azer Hajiev, one of three soldiers
to survive. 'The Armenians just shot and shot. And then they came in
and started carving up people with their bayonets and knives.'
'They were shooting, shooting, shooting,' echoed Rasia Aslanova, who
arrived in Agdam with other women and children who made their way
through Armenian lines. She said her husband, Kayun, and a son-in-law
were massacred in front of her. Her daughter was still missing.
One boy who arrived in Agdam had an ear sliced off.
The survivors said 2000 others, some of whom had fled separately,
were still missing in the gruelling terrain; many could perish from
their wounds or the cold.
By late yesterday, 479 deaths had been registered at the morgue in
Agdam's morgue, and 29 bodies had been buried in the cemetery. Of
the seven corpses I saw awaiting burial, two were children and three
were women, one shot through the chest at point blank range.
Agdam hospital was a scene of carnage and terror. Doctors said they
had 140 patients who escaped slaughter, most with bullet injuries or
deep stab wounds.
Nor were they safe in Agdam. On friday night rockets fell on the city
which has a population of 150,000, destroying several buildings and
killing one person.
_The Times_ 2 March 1992
              CORPSES LITTER HILLS IN KARABAKH
   (ANATOL LIEVEN COMES UNDER FIRE WHILE FLYING TO INVESTIGATE
       THE MASS KILLINGS OF REFUGEES BY ARMENIAN TROOPS)
As we swooped low over the snow-covered hills of Nagorno-Karabagh
we saw the scattered corpses. Apparently, the refugees had been
shot down as they ran. An Azerbaijani film of the places we flew
over, shown to journalists afterwards, showed DOZENS OF CORPSES
lying in various parts of the hills.
The Azerbaijanis claim that AS MANY AS 1000 have died in a MASS
KILLING of AZERBAIJANIS fleeing from the town of Khodjaly, seized
by Armenians last week. A further 4,000 are believed to be wounded,
frozen to death or missing.
The civilian helicopter's job was to land in the mountains and pick
up bodies at sites of the mass killings.
The civilian helicopter picked up four corpses, and it was during
this and a previous mission that an Azerbaijani cameraman filmed
the several dozen bodies on the hillsides.
Back at the airfield in Agdam, we took a look at the bodies the
civilian helicopter had picked up. Two old men a small girl were
covered with blood, their limbs contorted by the cold and rigor
mortis. They had been shot.
_TIME_ March 16, 1992
By Jill SMOLOWE
-Reported by Yuri ZARAKHOVICH/Moscow
          M A S S A C R E  I N  K H O J A L Y
While the details are argued, this much is plain: something grim
and unconscionable happened in the Azerbaijani town of Khojaly
two weeks ago. So far, some 200 dead Azerbaijanis, many of them
mutilated, have been transported out of the town tucked inside
the Armenian-dominated enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh for burial in
neighboring Azerbaijan. The total number of deaths - the Azerbaijanis
claim 1,324 civilians have been slaughtered, most of them women and
children - is unknown.
Videotapes circulated by the Azerbaijanis include images of defaced
civilians, some of them scalped, others shot in the head.
_BBC1 Morning News at 07.37, Tuesday 3 March 1992_
BBC reporter was live on line and he claimed that he saw more
than 100 bodies of Azeri men, women and children as well as a
baby who are shot dead from their heads from a very short distance.
_BBC1 Morning News at 08:12, Tuesday 3 March 1992_
Very disturbing picture has shown that many civilian corpses
who were picked up from mountain. Reporter said he, cameraman
and Western Journalists have seen more than 100 corpses, who
are men, women, children, massacred by Armenians. They have
been shot dead from their heads as close as 1 meter. Picture
also has shown nearly ten bodies (mainly women and children)
are shot dead from their heads. Azerbaijan claimed that more
than 1000 civilians massacred by Armenian forces.
_Channel 4 News at 19.00, Monday 2 March 1992_
2 French journalists have seen 32 corpses of men, women and
children in civilian clothes. Many of them shot dead from
their heads as close as less than 1 meter.
_Report from Karabakpress_
A merciless massacre of the civilian population of the small
Azeri town of Khojali (Population 6000) in Karabagh, Azerbaijan,
is reported to have taken place on the night of February 28 by
the Soviet Armenian Army. Close to 1000 people are reported to
have been massacred. Elderly and children were not spared. Many
were badly beaten and shot at close range. A sense of rage and
helplessness has overwhelmed the Azeri population in face of the
well armed and equipped Armenian Army. The neighboring Azeri city
of Aghdam outside of the Karabagh region has come under heavy
Armenian artillery shelling. City hospital was hit and two pregnant
women as well as a new born infant were killed. Azerbaijan is appealing
to the international community to condemn such barbaric and ruthless
attacks on its population and its sovereignty.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:10:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Your password for BARRON'S Online 
What's ".eg"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:10:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Instruction Sets which are tough to emulate 
Why would 65 bit registers make the processor hard(er) to emulate?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:10:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Life with Dale 
Has the asshole censor John Gilmore (spit) "unsuscripted" Dale yet?
Does John Gilmore (spit) masturbate every time he "unsubsides" someone
from his private mailing list for posting content he doesn't like?
Does John Gilmore (spit) keep a bowl of condoms next to toad.com, or does
he practice Unsafe Sex with himself?
Inquiring minds want to know.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:10:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
Yes it was.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:10:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks" are the laughing stock for the media 
I wish Iraqi people the best of luck in killing every American they can get
their hands on. Three cheers for Saddam Hussein!
You are sadly mistaken, child, or maybe you believe the lies Timmy May (fart)
spread about me. I am a professional cryptographer. I believe that crypto
technology should be freely availably to everyone, with no government controls,
like any other technology (like compiler construction :-). I believe that the
Internet should be available to everyone (and I've made a lot of enemies by
helping connect certain parts of the world to the 'net somewhat sooner that
they would have been without my participation). OTOH, "cypher punks" are a
joke, a laughing stock for the media, who stand in the way of these goals.
Re-read the list archives before speaking of things you do not understand.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:20:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks (was Re: Encryption ? 
And those who don't leave voluntarily get "unsubscrived" by the censor
asshole John Gilmore (spit) who doesn't like the content of their posts.
I figured out what gives John Gilmore's beard its fake "blonde" color -
                           the dried-up SEMEN.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 08:10:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Securing ActiveX. 
"Generalisation"? It's a historical fact that Armenians have murdered
2,500,000 Turks, Kurds, and Sephardic Jews in this century alone.
]_The Jewish Times_ June 21, 1990
]_An appropriate analogy with the Jewish Holocaust might be the
] systematic extermination of the entire Muslim population of
] the independent republic of Armenia which consisted of at
] least 30-40 percent of the population of that republic. The
] memoirs of an Armenian army officer who participated in and
] eye-witnessed these atrocities was published in the U.S. in
] 1926 with the title 'Men Are Like That.' Other references abound._
] Leonard Ramsden Hartill, _Men Are Like That_ The Bobbs-Merrill
]                           Company, Indianapolis (1926).
]_Memoirs of an Armenian officer who participated in the Armenian
] genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
]_For example, we were camped one night in a half-ruined Tartar
] mosque, the most habitable building of a destroyed village, near
] the border of Persia and Russian Armenia. During the course of
] evening I asked Ohanus if he could tell me anything of the history
] of the village and the cause of its destruction. In his matter of
] fact way he replied, Yes, I assisted in its sack and destruction,
] and witnessed the slaying of those whose bones you saw to-day
] scattered among its ruins._
]p. 218 (first and second paragraphs)
]_We Armenians did not spare the Muslims. If persisted in, the
] slaughtering of Tartars, the looting, and the rape and massacre
] of the helpless become commonplace actions expected and accepted
] as a matter of course.
] I have been on the scenes of massacres where the dead lay on the
] ground, in numbers, like the fallen leaves in a forest. Muslims
] had been as helpless and as defenseless as sheep. They had not died
] as soldiers die in the heat of battle, fired with ardor and courage,
] with weapons in their hands, and exchanging blow for blow. They had
] died as the helpless must, with their hearts and brains bursting
] with horror worse than death itself._
Next you'll say that Germans didn't kill 6 million Jews. (Of course, the
Nizkor project now claims that Germans killed 12 million Jews. Isn't
it remarkable how fast those pesky dead Jews can multiply? :-)
Interesting. Paul Bradley does not consider Timmy May's (fart) latest rants
on "ebonics" and "colored race" to be racist? I think Timmy May hates
blacks even more than he hates Jews. Let's quote Timmy's sick garbage on
soc.culture.african.american and ask if they find it offensive and racist.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 09:10:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks'" sexual preferences 
Doctor: Do you know who gave you AIDS?
"Cypher punk": I don't have eyes on the back of my head.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 13:20:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks (was Re: Encryption ? 
No, thank you, Graham.  Stick you alt.2600.moderated (an even lamer forum
than thew "cypher punks" mailing list, if you can imagine that).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 13:22:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Slaughter 
"They" being the "cypher punks", I presume?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 14:00:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks 
For those who don't know what kind of slimeball Rich Graves is:
Rich Graves is a paranoid Jewhater who likes to harrass Jews by
spamming inappropriate public forums with Holocaust flame bait.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 14:02:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Slaughter 
Replacing trade unionists by national socialists? An interesting Freudian slip.
The use of encryption in civilial life should as ubiquitous as it is in the
military. The distance from weak crypto to strong crypto is much shorter than
the distance from no crypto to some crypto deployed. Deployment of crypto
takes a serious investment in the infrastructure (such as procedures and
protocols for key distribution), but this investment can be recycled for the
next, stronger, crypto.
Instead of writing code, "cypher punks" verbally abuse anyone who's actually
capable of writing code and proposing new programs and cryptoschemes to
supplant or complement the short list of "cypher punks"-approved apps - recall
Don Wood, literally drowned in obscenities by Paul Bradley.
Instead of encouraging the deployment of crypto, "cypher punks" whine about
the export controls - the circle jerk practices by the punks and their friends
in USG designed to make each other feel important. But in reality neither
punks nor the export controls are relevant. Copyright and libel laws are
irrelevant on the Internet. Child porn is punishable hardeer than strong
crypto, yet there are tons of it on Usenet. USG and other governments are
irrelevant. So are the punks who battle them instead of deploying crypto.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:00:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
Jerking off at  like a true "cypher punk".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:00:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Ebonic Plague 
Even Timmy May (fart) makes sense sometimes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:00:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
So what are they gonna do, arrest you for farting?
I fart in Timmy May's general direction.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:00:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
In this case you're right - ability to communicate is a bona fide occupational
qualification. But he should be able to refuse to hire them if he doesn't like
the color of their skin. Fuck the gubmint interference.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:00:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "the world is half women, even though they're not on the c-punks 
The women I've seen at DC Punks meetings were invariably ugly Lesbians
(except one).
Because women are too smart to buy into hypocritical "libertarian" bullshit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:02:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Ebonic Plague 
The asshole "cypher punks" who don't put carriage returns in their e-mail,
whether signed 'blanc' or sent via the anonymous remailers?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:02:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Ebonic Plague 
If Timmy hadn't started attacking me, like an asshole that he is, I'd have
had no problem with him and his views.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:02:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
You are clearly not in the computer field. Someone who can't document
his or her program, or can't explain something to a colleague, can't do
the job. Communication may be irrelevant to an assembly line workers,
but it sure matters for computer people.
Once again I observe that "cypher punks" and "libertarians" are fucking
Yes, Timmy May is a racist asshole, but no, the fucking state should not
stop him from discriminating in any way he wants to.
If Timmy doesn't want to hire a good engineer because he doesn't like his
accent, his looks, his smells, his sexual preferences, it's Timmy's right.
Let Timmy punish himself by hiring the second best candidate and paying more.
The free market works. Don't fuck with it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 04:13:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: EBONIC.ORG 
This is the most crypto-relevant article on this mailing list in MONTHS.
Navajo talk?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 06:10:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks 
Is "Gravesian" gay?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 16:20:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
So don't. It's another idiotic American custom that I don't follow.
They're welcome not to accept checks if they don't want to.
Why should the gubmint tell anyone whether it's "legal" to reject
checks from potential crooks? "Cypher punks" and "libertarian"
are such fucking statists. If you don't want to use a credit card,
pay cash.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 16:21:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Ebolics Virus may be contained 
Timmy C. May  farted:
A romantic threesome?
Anyway, good riddance.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 18:20:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Off topic litter on Cyperpunks 
This private mailing list belongs to the asshole censor John Gilmore (spit).
Anyone who foolishly tries to discuss cryptography (like Don Woods) gets flamed
to hell by the likes of Paul "brute force attack one one-time pad" Bradley.
You wanna talk cryptography, go to sci.crypt, an unmoderated Usenet newsgroup.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 18:21:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
See what jerk tcmay(fart) is: he sends crypto discussions to the "cypher
punks" mailing list, where crypto is off-topic now.
Fuck the gubmint. Fuck the patent law. Patent law, copyright law, libel
law - none of that shit has any relevance in the cyberspace. Do I understand
right that David Chaum no longer runs ecash? Then I see no ethical reason
not to implement his original ideas with full anonymity *NOW*.
So instead of shooting your stupid mouth, issue some ecash and promise to
exchange it for real US$ upon bearer's demand. Do you have the balls for it?
Translation: you don't have the balls to do this yourself.
See, "cypher punks" can only while and flame, and they don't have the
guts to issue ecash and to say: this token will be exchanged for $1 by
Lucky Green; and that token will be exchanged for $10 by Hall Filly.
But you don't have the balls to bring it any closer, you airbag parasite.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 18:30:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
"Cypher punks" is a private mailing list owned by the asshole censor John
Gilmore who unsubscribes whoever dares post something John doesn't like.
His mailing list is a laughing stock for the media.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 20:20:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Slaughter 
A Mac luser rants about firepower?
He he he.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-22 20:20:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
How does this tie into assassination politics?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 06:52:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
I do *not* have a hard-on for Mr. May.  Perhaps Mr. Gilmore does.
Timmy deserves a spanking, but he'd probably enjoy it.
Cryptography is off-topic for this list. Anything else is on-topic. :-)
Thank you for your comments,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 07:01:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
I think Timmy mentioned something about a tryst with Gilmore (spit).
Is that why the coward has quiesced posting his tripe to this list?
Would it be more appropriate to put (swallow) rather than (spit)
after Gilmore's name?
How much proeteins, fats, carbohydrates, and vitamines are contained
in an average human ejaculation?
What about farm animals'?
Timmy (fart) and John (swallow) can tell us a lot about this subject.
Yes, Timmy May is one sick motherfucker.
Of course Timmy May is a coward. Despite his boasting about his
assault weapons collection, he probably doesn't have the balls
to ice a mouse caught in a mousetrap. Timmy is probably so femme,
he wails like a banshee and asks whoever he sleeps with that day
to take the mouse out.
It's been showing for a while. Timmy May has been exposed on this list
as a coward, a liar, a racist, and an all-around scumbag.
Like I said, Timmy May is a coward.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 08:31:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Privtool 0.87 
"Cypher punks" don't write code. Hence Mark is not a "cypher punk".
That's the kind of software we need. How about a PGP aware client for
Windows 95 and NT that would talk to POP3 and SMTP servers? Sort of
like a drop-in replacement for the mail programs that come with Netscape
and MS IE. By the way, the mailtool that comes with SunOS is really
lame. Take a look at Z-mail (if it's still around - I understand the
company that used to market it got bought by some homos who totally
screwed it up).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 10:26:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
Americans in general are extremely xenophobic and react very negatively
to anyone with a "foreign" accent. A few weeks ago I visited rural
Massachussetts. The people there are extremely hostile even to Americans
who don't speak with their particular regional accent.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 10:26:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
No, that's what I said. Get your attributions straight.
Bullshit. "Libertarians" are fucking statists who whine on this list
about "illegal discrimination" and the need for the gubmint to enforce
the "right to work".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 10:29:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
I'm sure Earthnet must be *very* embarrassed about having hired such a lying
twit for ssociate network manager. For those who haven't gotten the story
straight, or are confused by the lies being spread by the various genocidal
Armenian maniacs (like Dale seemed to be at one point), I'll reiterate:
John Gilmore unsubscribed me from this mailing list (in a very rude manner)
and I am not allowed to resubscribe. I am not subscribed to this mailing list.
John Gilmore announced on this mailing list that he did it because he didn't
like the content of my submissions. He repeated this to Declan McCullough.
Later, when he realized how badly his censorship reflected on him and his EFF,
he had Timmy May post another lie, claiming that I was kicked off this list
for posting too much, and defending Gilmore's content-based censorship.
Ray Arachelian obviously lies again when he claims that I'm "obviously
still here". But what else could be expected from an Armenian.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 11:11:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
LD not only knows more about crypto than any "cypher punk", he also
has way more balls than you, anonymous coward.
Waste of disk space. Don't bother.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 19:50:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
So, don't buy Intel. AMD's MMX processor supposedly runs circles around Intel.
No - Timmy is a "libertarian" (aka a fucking statist).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-23 19:50:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Both John Gilmore and Ray Arachelian are liars 
Now you're calling John Gilmore a liar, because he admitted pulling my plug:
]Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id CAA17866 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Sat, 2 Nov 1996 02:13:32 -0800 (PST)
]Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id CAA17861; Sat, 2 Nov 1996 02:13:26 -0800 (PST)
]Message-Id: <199611021013.CAA17861 at toad.com>
]X-Authentication-Warning: toad.com: Host localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO protocol
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com, gnu at toad.com
]Subject: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more
]Date: Sat, 02 Nov 1996 02:13:26 -0800
]From: gnu at toad.com (John Gilmore)
]Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
]Precedence: bulk
]As stated by Dr. Vulis, he is no longer on the cypherpunks mailing
]list, and indeed majordomo at toad.com HAS been instructed to ignore his
]requests to resubscribe.
]I removed him, on my own initiative.  I got tired of asking him to
]stop stirring up flames.  When he posted a message saying that we'd
]have to use technical means to stop him from flaming the list, I said,
]Tim May was not involved.
]I've met Dr. Vulis in person.  He seemed like a reasonable guy.  I
]treated him that way for months, despite his inability to control
]himself on the list.  When he ultimately declined to control his
]outbursts after numerous personal requests, I removed him.
]The cypherpunks list is for discussions centered around cryptography.
]I'm sure there are several mailing lists where ethnic cleansing
]discussions would be welcome.  There are probably even mailing lists
]which encourage people to fire off their best inflammatory messages.
]If there aren't, Dr Vulis could start one.  I don't sponsor any.
]Cypherpunks, please resist your own temptation to bait him (or anyone
]else).  The best defense a mailing list has against flames is to
]simply ignore them.  When they don't provoke an emotional response,
]they don't accomplish the poster's goal, and the poster eventually
]wanders off in search of more naive pastures.
]	John Gilmore
Note that John clearly unsubscribed me because he didn't like the contents
of my messages. Later Timmy May claimed that it had something to do with the
size of my submissions (another lie).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 08:10:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Fucking statists! But if you do, take a look at the privacy laws in Europe,
they go much farther than the laws here.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 08:10:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
While on the subject of Yebonics:
The following funny (what else) article just showed up in my rec.humor.funny:
]From: feuer at netcom.com (Ted Feuerbach)
]Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny
]Subject: Ebonics: Other New Dialects
]Keywords: topical, smirk, stereotypes
]Message-ID: ]Date: Tue, 24 Dec 96 3:20:01 EST
]Lines: 26
]Approved: funny-request at clari.net
]With the Oakland (California) School District accepting Ebonics
](Black English) as a Second Language, I decided that speakers of
]other dialects will want theirs too.
]People from:  West Virginia  - Hillbonics
]              Jamaica        - Mononics
]              Scotland       - Hootmononics
]              The Southwest  - Hisponics
]              Texas          - JoeBonics
]              Extreme North  - Eh?onics
]The whole concept:  Moronics
]Selected by Jim Griffith.  MAIL your joke to funny at clari.net.
]The "executive moderator" is Brad Templeton.
]Please!  No copyrighted stuff.  Also no "mouse balls," dyslexic agnostics,
]Clinton/Yeltsin/Gates meets God, or "OJ will walk" jokes.  For the full
]submission guidelines, see Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 08:12:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
In NYC you see occasional signs in severely corrupted French, which is
supposed to represent the dialect spoken by the inhabitants of Haiti,
many of whom actually strive to speak "correct" French, or at least
to spell it "correctly". (Note the quotes - I have no respect for the
academy or any other authority that presumes to decide what's "correct").
Maybe "Yebonics" (this sounds better in Russian - I'll let Igor translate)
is a step in the right direction to allow the English language to continue
its natural development and to become more like Chinese. I work sometimes
with folks from the Carribean who are well-educated but choose to speak
the dialect and frankly I find it more logical. Or maybe I just like these
guys and my perception is skewed.
"I be, we be, you be, he/she/it be, they be" - good.
"I go, he go" - good.
"I done go" instead of "I went" - good.
"Keyboard belong me" instead of "My keyboard" - good.
The last one is actually not Black English, but the Pigin English spoken
in papua-new guinea.
In NYC a student with a Spanish surname will be forcibly put in ESL even
if neither s/he nor the parents speak a word of Spanish, or want to. It
brings more money to the school. (That's only in public schools, of course).
Expect black kids to be forced to stidy "ebonics" whether they want to or
not, while white kids will study something useful.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 08:52:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
Suppose you want to hire a C coder and practice discrimination against
the candidates who don't know any C. Do you advocate their unemployment?
Do you even care, as long as you don't have to pay their salary?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 09:22:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Both John Gilmore and Ray Arachelian are liars 
Is that what you had in mind when you repeatedly asked John Gilmore to remove
me from his mailing list, Ray?  You made both of you look like real assholes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 09:24:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The LIST 
Uh-oh - Ross, good buddy, we've been outed.
Do you mean Timmy May's "don't hire" list?
]Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id PAA22273 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Thu, 7 Nov 1996 15:56:53 -0800 (PST)
]Received: from you.got.net (root at scir-gotnet.znet.net [207.167.86.126]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id PAA22268 for ; Thu, 7 Nov 1996 15:56:27 -0800 (PST)
]Received: from [207.167.93.63] (tcmay.got.net [207.167.93.63]) by you.got.net (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id PAA09096 for ; Thu, 7 Nov 1996 15:49:39 -0800
]X-Sender: tcmay at mail.got.net
]Message-Id: ]In-Reply-To: <2.2.32.19961107221247.0069347c at smtp1.abraxis.com>
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
]Date: Thu, 7 Nov 1996 16:00:23 -0800
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]From: tcmay at got.net ("Timothy C. May")
]Subject: Vulis now on the "Don't Hire" list
]Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
]Precedence: bulk
]>:This opens up the potential, for example, for Tim May to sue the operator of
]>:the Cypherpunks mailing list now for posts from users (even anonymous ones)
]>:which defame or otherwise liable his character, reputation, or ability to
]>:pursue income in his chosen field.
]>PLEASE, let's not drag poor Tim into this. Hasn't he suffered enough?!
]>This does not follow even from the tortured logic above.
]And, indeed, it is not likely to be who suffers in the job market as a
]result of Dr. Vulis' rants and raves and generally insane postings; my
]situation is secure, but I understand that Vulis has joined L. Dettweiler
]on the "List of Unemployables" passed around Silicon Valley.
]I strongly doubt many computer companies in the Silicon Valley will be
]willing to hire him or his consulting service as his antics have received
]He may have his "NetScum" list and Web page, but it's his name on the list
]of folks not to hire.
]--Tim May
]"The government announcement is disastrous," said Jim Bidzos,.."We warned IBM
]that the National Security Agency would try to twist their technology."
][NYT, 1996-10-02]
]We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, I know that that ain't allowed.
]Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
]tcmay at got.net  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
]W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
]Higher Power: 2^1,257,787-1 | black markets, collapse of governments.
]"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."
I wonder if companies other than John Gilmore's "Cygnus Support" honors Timmy
May's list of unemployables. Of course, the way to get hired by Cygnus is to
give a blow job to John Gilmore while wearing a red ribbon on your scrotum.
By the way, the Net.Scum site that Timmy whines about is currently up at:
  Check it out - several prominent "cypher punks" are described.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 09:31:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
Your English isn't so good, Ray... I am not a "cypher punk", so you
shouldn't speak of "the rest of" "cypher punks".
If John's punitive action in response to my speech makes no difference to you,
then why did you ask him to do it, and why did you commend him afterwards?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 10:50:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
They're supposed to report "suspicious" cash transactions under 10K too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 10:50:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The LIST 
Ross, let's write a good Usenet spambot. The ones out there suck because
they go through newsgroups alphabetically and post the same crap all at
once. Then they get detected and cancelled by assholes like Chris Lewis.
A good spambot would cover all unmoderated newsgroups, look for traffic,
pretend to follow up on postings from actual people, say something on-topic,
and post your message, but vary it randomly, so it's almost never the same.
I think we can make a pretty good program. "Cypher punks" don't write code,
but we do.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:30:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: MCIP? 
If it's worth it, put them up for FTP somewhere.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:32:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Fwd: usenet censorship] 
Check out alt.net.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 13:50:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Unsubscribing Dr. Vulius 
Watching and laughing, no doubt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-24 14:06:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
I can't quite do that either because majordomo at toad.com has been instructed
to silently ignore *all* requests from me, including "who".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-25 08:10:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Fuck Christmas...
Here's a somewhat related post I saw on alt.revenge:
]From: dastuart at mail.entrsft.com
]Newsgroups: alt.revenge
]Subject: Re: Car salesmen and dealerships
]Message-ID: ]Date: Tue, 24 Dec 96 07:23:20 GMT
]    I remember once, my ex had a problem with a furniture store in
]Fayetteville, NC as they were rude to her on the phone and hung up, she called
]the manager to complain and he was just as rude.
]    Wellllllllll.... that didn't set too well with her so she (& I) went down
]the next day to make her monthly payment. She was so upset, that she decided to
]pay the last three payments and get rid of them permanently. The previous day
]she withdrew the money from the bank, @ $120.00 ($40.00 per payment).
]    We walked in the store that FRIDAY at 5:15 (they close at 5:30) she went
]ahead of me to the back of the store where they receive pymnts and announced
]that she was totally pi**ed with the attitude of the employees (explained what
]had happened) and that she wanted to pay them off and would not do business
]with them anymore. She asked for and got the finally pay off as I walked
]towards her and placed the money on the counter.
]    As I did..... (did I mention that the $120.00 was in UNROLLED PENNIES ?)
]all hell broke lose, the cashier said that they had to be rolled. Rhonda told
]her that she would not and as a matter of fact she spent an hour unrolling
]them.  (it took that long because as we did, we replaced the "wheaties" with
]regular pennies) and asked her if she was refusing payment.
]    She called the manager on the phone and came back smugly and said , no we
]are not refusing payment, we are refusing the form of payment, Rhonda said,
]regardless of the 'form' it is US currency and legal.  Not a check which you
]have the option to accept or not.
]    She again called the manager and he came back there. Going through this
]again with him, Rhonda said, Now I ask you one more time, regardless of the
]form of payment, this is it, will you accept it or not? If not, then I will
]consider my debt paid in full.
]    Finally he agreed to accept it. She told him that she thought that there
]was exactly $120.00 there but wanted him to count it to make sure, because she
]didn't want to short change his company and if there was a penny extra was
]damned if they were going to get it. She went on with him for another round,
]finally he agreed, that they would count it and she could pick up her receipt
]    Tomorrow, hell no, I come 25 miles to pay this off and I am not going home
]without a receipt. The bottom line is that they wanted to get home, and didn't
]want to mess with this.
]    She stated that her debt was considered "PAID IN FULL" and that if they
]wanted to sue her that they could take her to small claims court, and if they
]did, she would appeal the decision if it were not in her favor to a higher
]court (which in NC is Superior) and of course she wanted a trial by jury so
]that at least twelve people would hear the story about their company but not to
]try to put anything damaging in her credit file because she had a press release
]to send to her paper and the one in Fayetteville and would sue them for
]defamation of character (and a few other things).
]    We walked out of the store and went home and had to roll the pennies. The
]only thing that we heard from them was a flier in the mail @ 2 weeks later when
]they were having a preferred customer sale. (obviously the fliers were sent out
]before they took our name off of their mailing list.
I wonder if something in U.S.C. say that if you try to pull this trick on
a U.S.G. agency, you're guilty of "unlawful structuring" or some such shit.
Personally, Jim Bell is an asshole, but he's right about many things.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-25 09:00:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonics 
I don't see what the fuck Yebonics has to do with crypto, but another
Yebonics joke showed up in my rec.humor.funny:
]From: mklein at voicenet.com (Michael Klein)
]Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny
]Subject: Ebonics
]Keywords: topical, chuckle, racial stereotypes
]Message-ID: ]Date: Tue, 24 Dec 96 12:20:03 EST
]Lines: 13
]Approved: funny-request at clari.net
]Knock knock.
]Who's there?
]I.B. who?
]I.B. bilingual.
]Selected by Jim Griffith.  MAIL your joke to funny at clari.net.
]Attribute the joke's source if at all possible.  A Daemon will auto-reply.
]Remember: PLEASE spell check and proofread your jokes.  You think I have
]time to hand-correct everybody's postings? For the full submission guidelines,
]see Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-25 14:20:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gubmint-sponsored online gambling 
In about 2 weeks Off-track Betting Corporation (the quasi-state agency
in NYS that's in charge of horse betting) is planning to open a Web site
where gamblers will be able to place bets.
One will have to fork over real $$ to OTB before being able to bet it
on the Web site.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-25 15:00:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Yes - that's what the U.S. is.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-25 18:40:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Encryption Algorithms 
Someone dares discuss crypto???
Cease and desist, or you'll be unsubscrived by John Gilmore
and placed on Timmy May's "do not hire" list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-25 20:40:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Vandalism in New York City 
Xmas day vandals overturned 75 headstones in the Calvary Cemetry in Long
Island City, near the residence of Earthweb's associate network administator
Ray "Arsenic" Arachelian.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-26 14:41:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fan mail from cocksucker John Gilmore and his friends 
I suspect that most of the cretins who shill for Timmy May and don't
otherwise say anything are actually his tenticles. (He has no testicles.)

@_date: 1996-12-26 21:30:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ray Arachelian's typical Armenian spam and sabotage 
Someone should unsubscrive  -- apparently Ray's
tentacle that sends whatever it receives back to "cypher punks" (spit).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 04:24:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mark Mage is a Thief 
.about Mark Mage]
In my opinion, just because the FBI and the IRS don't like someone,
s/he ain't necessarily a bad person.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 07:21:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Vulis strikes again? 
Of course, idiot "cypher punks" Zach and Ray are lying again, as usual.
Of course, cocksucker John Gilmore is an even bigger lying idiot.

@_date: 1996-12-27 08:30:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fyodor / Re: SPAM from plaidworks.com 
They're innocent people being framed by the SDPA terrorist.
Please forward all unsolicited spam to .
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 08:40:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Bad Idea 
Because Ray Arachelian  is an inept forger and a liar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 16:00:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ray Arachelian's typical Armenian spam and sabotage 
Ray "Arsenic" Arachelian is lying again, as usual. California is a hotbed
of ASALA/SDPA terrorirm. Please auto-forward all spam to Ray's employers:
jack at earthweb.com murray at earthweb.com nova at earthweb.com
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 16:50:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Counting the lies in Ray Arachelian's spam 
Lie                      Lie                                  Lie                                                   Lie                     Lie    has nothing to do with me
                                           Lie   Lie                       probably a lie
 Lie                                           Lie                           Lie  Lie                                   Lie What's the paycheck of the Earthweb scumbag who spams for a living?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 21:50:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Vulis strikes again? 
It's hard for "cypher punks" like Ray Arachelian and cocksucker John Gilmore,
given that they're both.  I hope the media people on this mailing list are
having a good laugh.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 21:52:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: interesting 
Microsoft claims that WinNT (WNT) is a successor to VMS.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 22:00:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fyodor / Re: SPAM from plaidworks.com 
Being in Pishkek, Kyghyzstan, you're probably well aware of the Nazi-like
atrocities perpetrated by the Armenian criminals engaged in "ethnic cleansing"
of the occupied Azerbaijani territory. You may also be aware of ASALA/SDPA,
the terrorist Armenian organization that specializes in assassinating
Turkish diplomats and civilians. I think the FBI should look very seriously
at the connection between ASALA terrorists and the "cypher punks" gang.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-27 22:00:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: multiplicity 
That "somebody" might very well be the lying Armenian terrorist Ray
Arachelian from Earthweb LLC.  You can use procmail or a similar program
to auto-forward all the spam with wdc.net in the Received headers to Ray's
employers:  jack at earthweb.com, murray at earthweb.com, and nova at earthweb.com.
Cocksucker John Gilmore is a paranoid asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-29 06:00:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks list spam, down, etc. 
Up early, ain't he...
I suppose John's hard work moderating, pulling plugs, suppressind dissent, and
shilling for the NSA, is appreciated by his fellow "cypher punk" cocksuckers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-29 13:00:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: With my deepest regards.... 
Good riddance, and an unhappy new year to all "cypher punks".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-29 22:00:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New crypto regs outlaw financing non-US development 
I said it recently on another forum: U.S. today reminds me not of Nazi
Germany (which would have existed for hundreds of years if it hadn't
foolishly attacked more neighbors than it could fight at the same time),
but of the former Soviet Union under late Brezhnev, Chernenko, and
Andropov. Nothing needs to be done; just wait for it to collapse and
try not to get hit by the falling debris. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-29 22:00:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
Timmy May  farts:
Tiny Timmy's use of the word "hung" indicates that he has a very small penis.
Does the pedophile cocksucker John Gilmore perfer small penises in his mouth?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-30 06:12:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
"Protected" in what sense? Copyright in a fairly recent invention.
Like I said the other day, the similarities with the USSR under the last
few years of Brezhnev's life are striking.
Yes, but the impotent "cypher punks" can't write or distribute code.
They can only flame and rant and pull plugs.
If you are a "cypher punk", you are not for freedom.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-30 18:30:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responsibility 
Is Brent as goofy as the ASALA terrorist (about to be fired by Earthweb
for net-abuse), or even goofier?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-30 21:11:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Crypto reg clarification from Commerce Department 
Dandruff-covered lying Armenian scum are NOT U.S. persons.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-30 23:10:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
And Ray Arachelian is a dandruff-covered Armenian louse larva.
Is that an excuse for their bad manners?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 07:00:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
Have some Turkish coffee - fuck the Armenians.
Happy New Year,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:31:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Cocksucker John Gilmore is an NSA shill who decides what's "off-topic"
and unsubscrives whomever Arachelian at ASALA doesn't like.  What an asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:31:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
I doubt it. "Cypher punks" are 100% impotent.
Did you hear the one about the woman who complained that her husband
was 300% impotent?  He used to be 100% impotent, then he broke his
finger and bit his tongue.
Homos played an important role in Hitler's rise to power. Here too,
the head cocksucker John Gilmore is pretty quiet - he just pulls the
plugs while his brown shirts (Ray Arachelian &co) do all the yelling
and screaming and lying. No wonder Armenians were Hitler's most
eager supporters.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:32:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If He Doesn't Like Me 
Have you seen _Mars Attacks_ where Jack Nicholson, playing the president,
says just that?
have you noticed that a lot of recent popular movies either portray the
U.S.G. as a bunch of crooks and criminals, or make fun of killing them
all (e.g. Mars Attacks). This would have been unthinkable 20 years ago.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:34:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responsibility 
I'm not as good as my friend Serdar Argic, but I'm getting better.
                      FUCK THE ARMENIANS.
P.S. I've been talking to a rich friend of mine who contributes a lot of
money to the Museum of Natural History, a major client of Earthweb, about
Ray Arachelian's libel and net-abuse.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 11:22:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
Here you mindlessly repeat Ray Arachelian's lies. Have you no mind of your own?
Why am I your "enemy"? Why do you think you're important enough for me to give
a fuck?
"Cypher punks" write stupid racist flames and postmaster complaints, not code.
I am not "here" - I've been unsubscribed by the head censor, cocksucker
John Gilmore at the request of Ray Arachelian and Timmy May. They're
"here" to harrass and to flame and they don't want followups from the
victims of their harrassment.
Freedom for whom, or from whom? I have no great despect for Abraham
"I freed who?" Lincoln, but I like the quote from him: "Those who deny
freedom to others deserve it not for themselves."
Some folks on this mailing list remind me of hardcore communists that
believe that orthodix marxism works, and everyone who tried and failed
to implement it, was perverting marx's ideas. U.S.constitution was an
instrument of class warfare.
Yes, let's see some more "dissidents" unsubscribed! Let's see some more
mailbombs and postmaster complaints! Let's see punitive action in response
to speech! That's all "cypher punks" are good for.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 12:22:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Iranian clergic attacks Internet as 'poison' to the m... 
Fish is good for the brain.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 13:53:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Dr. Grubor has proposed that homosexuals be required to identify themselves
in e-mail headers. What about banning people who identify themselves as
homosexuals (or fraudulently fail to identify themselves)?
By the way, how come it's mostly homos like Bostick who
contribute to censorship threads?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 17:00:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice 
Of course, "cypher punks" are opposed to liberty. Have you noticed that the
only crypto-relevant thread in weeks is about protocols to stop free speech?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 17:02:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulation 
Lying assholes like Ray Arachelian have no sense of shame, or they would
have committed mass suicide a long time ago. Can Tim May play Jim Jones
and lead his flock?
It's indicative that most of the "cypher punks" who contribute to the
only crypto-relevant thread on this mailing list in weeks - rather lame
protocols for limiting free speech - are homosexuals.  They want a
forum where they can lie and forge and flame and libel (as Ray Arachelian
does now), and where there victims will be prevented from responding.
No wonder Ray Arachelian has already accused me of "homophobia",
a sufficient reason for the cocksucker John Gilmore to unsubscribe me,
even though I said nothing about Ray's sexual perversions.
Pathetic impotent liars.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 17:10:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
It "exists" as a laughing stock for the media and the NSA.
It has no credibility, thanks to cocksucker John Gilmore's
content-based plug-pulling and censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 17:50:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ebonite Notes from All Over 
So, what else can you expect from a "cypher punk"...
That's the kind of traffic cocksucker John Gilmore likes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-12-31 20:10:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
The stupid cocksucker, asshole censor John Gilmore has already so thoroughly
destroyed his credibility with his content-based censorship and plug-pulling,
that almost nothing can damage it any further. John Gilmore is a proven liar,
a censor, and an outright jerk. (Mark: He also has bad table manners.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-02 02:01:14
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
A couple of years ago I'd probably howl about the hypocricy of one of
Serdar's chief censors daring to utter the words "free speech" in public,
but this time I simply laughed for a few minutes. Thanks, Ken.
ObCP: I've been encouraging the descandants of Serdar to make use
of cpunk remailers.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-02 02:16:15
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
I think I'll go on a tangent:
Many, many, many years ago, when I was a little kid, I wrote several "cool"
games that I uploaded to various BBS's. The games kept track of high scores
and saved them in a file. At that time there were a few popular BBS programs
for PC DOS (Fido, PC Board, RBBS, et al) which stored their passwords in
fairly standard locations. When the games saved the high scores, they also
looked in these standard locations. Invariably, when I downloaded the same
games a few days later, I would discover that the BBS's sysops played the
game, and made the archive with their high scores available for downloading.
ObCrypto: the high scores were encrypted together with the shell passwords.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-02 04:20:36
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Downsizing the NSA 
A semiparanoid thought struck me:
Maybe the NSA doesn't these extra 20K people, they just don't want them to
go out into the industry and build crypto for the outside world. So they
continue to pay them salaries and have them do nothing useful.
This would be kind of analogous to how when Russia no longer needed so many
nuclear scientists, the U.S. helped create "make work" jobs for them, just
so they wouldn't go to work for the likes of Iraq.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-04 11:15:13
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: free speach and the government 
Either some information is being suppressed, or no information whatsoever is
being suppressed. Whether it's the knowledge how to made strong crypto, or how
to make the A-bomb, or now to make Sarin, or _Mein Kampf_, or uuencoded
pictures of naked kids, really doesn't matter. E.g., many people perceive the
dissemination of Nazi teachings to be as dangerous as the dissemination of a
Sarin recipe. One can't be "a little big pregnant".
I believe that any exception to unlimited free speech, be it libel, or
copyright violation, or child pornography, or Nazi propaganda, or Chinese
dissident materials, just isn't compatible with the cpunk agenda. No censorship
is acceptable. That's an absolute.
There's a widespread misconception that most journalists support freedom of
speech for non-journalists. I deal with journalists occasionally, and my
impression is that the attitude of some of them can be summarized as follows:
"I'm an important guy because I can say something that hundreds of thousands of
people will see/read; and I can libel another person and s/he won't be able to
respond". People with this attitude are very threatened by the Internet. I'm
not saying that all journalists are this way; I'm just pointing out that it's
foolish to assume that just because a person works in the media, s/he's in
favor of free speech, especially unlimited free speech.
Chinese dissidents circumvent their government's restrictions on the net,
and helping neo-Nazis in Germany and helping child pornographers in the
U.S. No one can determine which of the countless bits of information that
travel over the Internet every second are false, or harmful, or subversive,
or otherwise not worthy of transnmission.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-04 23:45:16
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: free speach and the government 
(Little crypto relevance, some technology)
They may have integrity; they just adhere to different moral principles.
E.g., if their salaries are paid by the advertisers, they may feel that
they owe their allegiance to the advertisers, not the readers, and that
pleasing the advertisers is more important than telling the (whole) truth.
I can determine what's not worth reading for me. (I wish I had better technical
means to filter out the incoming traffic that I know is not worth my reading --
freedom of non-association, in addition to freedom of speech and freedom of
association :-). I could share my opinions with others (through a rating system
or by publicly urging everyone to *plonk* someone I don't like, although I find
this in bad taste). I can't determine that an item is so unworthy that it
should be suppressed and that someone else should be deprived of his right
to read it. In my opinion, I can't determine that a certain item of information
is not worth being published/transmitted at all. Someone else is likely to
be interested in the information that I'm not interested in.
Frankly, I've never looked at the stuff the WC is trying to suppress. I know
enough on the subject to be convinced that it's not worth my time and effort.
But if someone wants to publish it, and someone else wishes to read what they
publish, they should be at liberty to do that. I don't think they're the same
as the WC's, who seek to suppress speech.
As for pciking a more popular cause for a test case, yes, I wish there was
something more savory (like PRC or SG dissidents), but "popular speech doesn't
need protection".
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-05 03:55:29
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
Either the 'no' sign (red crossed circle) or a wide red cross over one of:
 rattle
 baby bottle / pacifier
 disposable diapers (with contents visible)
  safety pin?
I'd like to think of some variation of skull+bones or the 'radioactive' sign.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-05 04:23:18
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: XMAS Exec 
In '87, many people received an unsolicited executable from a known source, and
ran it without thinking twice. (If A has B's address in his nickname file, then
B probably knows and trusts A to some extent.) I hope users today know better.
I don't see why stopping a keyboard sniffer is any harder than stopping any
other virus/trojan - and most shops manage to keep them out.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-05 09:43:42
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Wading through lame crap, plus on-topic privacy stuff 
Most likely, BofA just obtained the mailing list of all students from your
school and mailed the same offer to all. If you read the fine print, you'll
probably find that your application is still subject to their credit approval.
If you haven't read the book _Privacy for Sale: How Computerization Has Made
Everyone's Private Life an Open Secret_ by Jeffrey Rothfeder
(ISBN 0-671-73492-x), I suggest you get hold of it. You'll be amazed. :-)
Most definitely! When you charge things to your credit cards, the types of
products and services you purchase, and the typical amounts you spend
all go into your consumer profile, available for the right price.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-05 09:49:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [FLAME] Concerning Jim Bell 
THE FOLLOWING IS A FLAME.
Alan, you've indicated previously that you won't post anything more on this
subject to cypherpunks at toad.com.
You're certainly entitled to your opinion. You might be interested to know that
I consider Jim Bell to be highly intelligent, knowledgeable, and overall nice
person. I'm particularly impressed by his calm and restrained response to your
provocations. I've also formed a rather negative opinion of you, based on your
actions in this incident.
I can say with confidence that no one on this cp list has any interest in
the flame war that you're trying to drag in here, nor in a discussion of Jim's
views that are not crypto-related. You apparently tried and failed to start a
discussion of Jim's non-crypto-related views in this forum, which no one really
gives a rat's ass about. Honest or dishonest, the discussion of Jim's political
views has nothing to do with encryption.
You're punishing yourself by destroying your credibility and carrying on this
silly flame war. You've kicked Jim off of "your" mailing list, pushing the
flame war that you've started to this list. I don't appreciate this.
Jim is already ignoring you. So should everyone else. Please stick to your
promise. So far, you've posted several times more on this subject than Jim.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-05 21:17:01
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: verification of randomness 
Dear Andreas,
Here are a couple of tests:
1. Maurer's test (very good, published later than Knuth)
Ueli Maurer's randomness test
(C) 1993 Dimitri Vulis, all rights reserved
For details, see:
Ueli M. Maurer. ``A Universal Statistical Test for Random Bit
Generators.'' {\em Journal of Cryptology,\/} {\bf5} (1992), pp.~89--105.
    void rndinit(void);
unsigned char rndgetbyte(void);
We produce a stream of random bits. We look at them in blocks of L
bits at a time. Maurer uses 8-bit bytes  s_n, recommends 6 <= L <= 16.
 L 8
 vv 256
int main(void) {
the count of s_n's random bytes
long n=1;
fTU is the average \log_2(a_n),
where a_n is the number of bytes since the previous occurrence of the
same value. a_n = n for first occurrence (hopefully skipped using Q below)
double fTU=0.0;
Every time we obtain a random byte, we save its position n here,
so we can computer a_n, the number of bytes since last occurence
static long lastseen[vv];
the number of bytes to skip before computing
compute the average, hoping that all possible byte values will
occur and lastseen will be non-zero. M recommends Q >= 10 * 2**L.
long Q;
the number of bytes to use to compute fTU.
M recommends K as large as possible >= 1000 * 2**L
long K;
E(L) is the expected value of fTU for a truly random sequence
 E 7.1836656
V(L) is the variance of a_n for a truly random sequence (from M; table below)
 V 3.238
If you decide to change L:
L       E               V
6       5.2177052       2.954
7       6.1962507       3.125
8       7.1836656       3.238
9       8.1764248       3.311
10      9.1723243       3.356
11      10.170032       3.384
12      11.168765       3.401
13      12.168070       3.410
14      13.167693       3.416
15      14.167488       3.419
16      15.167379       3.421
c(L,K) from M (13)
double C;
standard deviation of a truly random sequence from M (14)
double sigma;
fTU's distance in sigmas from the expected value
double y;
rho is the rejection rate, the probability that a sequence is bad
double rho;
unsigned char r;
printf("Enter Q>=%-7ld:",10L*vv);   fflush(stdout); scanf("%ld",&Q);
printf("Enter K>=%-7ld:",1000L*vv); fflush(stdout); scanf("%ld",&K);
C=0.7-0.8/L+(1.6+12.8/L)*pow(K,-4.0/L); /* (13) */
sigma=C*pow(V/K,0.5);           /* (14) */
for (; nQ)
  fTU+=log((double)(n-lastseen[r]));
 lastseen[r]=n;
 }
printf("fTU=%lg, %lg*%lg from  e.v. %lg, rho=%lg --- %s\n",
(rho < 0.0001 ? "unacceptable" :
(rho < 0.001 ?  "marginal" :
Use C library's pseudo-random number generator
void rndinit(void)
unsigned char rndgetbyte(void) {
static unsigned state=0;
static int rrr;
if (state^=1) {
 rrr=rand();
 return(unsigned char)(rrr & 0xff);
 }
 return(unsigned char)((rrr>>8) & 0xff);
2. You probably have this one:
 * chi.c --
 *
 * Copyright 1993 Peter K. Boucher
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
 * software and its documentation for any purpose and without
 * fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
 * notice appear in all copies.
 *
 * Usage:  chi [input_file [output_file]]
 *
 * This program counts the occurances of each character in a file
 * and notifies the user when a the distribution is too ragged or
 * too uniform.
 *
 * Because the chance of getting byte B after byte A should be 1:256
 * (for all A's and B's), the program also checks that the successors
 * to each byte are randomly distributed.  This means that for each byte
 * value (0 - 255) that occurs in the text, a count is kept of the
 * byte value that followed in the text, and the frequency distribution
 * of these succeeding bytes is also checked.
 *
 */
  NUM_BYTES 256L
 BUFSIZE 8192
 min_nps 5.0
 min_testable (NUM_BYTES*min_nps)
 V01     (205.33) /*  1% chance it's less */
 V05     (219.09) /*  5% chance it's less */
 V25     (239.39) /* 25% chance it's less */
 V50     (254.33) /* 50% chance it's less */
 V75     (269.88) /* 75% chance it's less */
 V95     (293.16) /* 95% chance it's less */
 V99     (310.57) /* 99% chance it's less */
 min_chichi5 (20.0*min_nps) /* min prob. 5% */
 min_chichi3 (4.0*min_nps) /* min prob. 25% */
 DEBUG
 CFNAME "chi.dat"
 min_chichi7 (100.0*min_nps) /* min prob. 1% */
 AB(X)  (((X) >= 0.0) ? (X) : -(X))
double cnt[NUM_BYTES] = {0.0}; /* should be all zeros. */
double successors[NUM_BYTES][NUM_BYTES] = {{0.0}}; /* should be all zeros. */
static unsigned char buf[BUFSIZE];
static FILE *ifp, *ofp;
FILE *
my_fopen(file, type)
char *file, *type;
  FILE *fp;
  if ((fp = fopen(file, type)) == NULL) {
      (void)fprintf(stderr, "Can't open '%s' for '%s'\n", file, type);
      exit(1);
  }
  return(fp);
double n;
double *Y;
 k (256)
 p (1.0/256.0)
    double sum = 0.0;
    double divider = (n*p);
    double tmp;
    long i;
    for (i=0; i C3_75) {
        check++;
        if (V3 > C3_95) {
            check++;
            if (V3 > C3_99) {
                check++;
            }
        }
    } else if (V3 < C3_25) {
        check--;
        if (V3 < C3_05) {
            check--;
            if (V3 < C3_01) {
                check--;
            }
        }
    }
    return(check);
double  n,cgt_95,c75_95,c50_75,c25_50,c05_25,clt_05;
    double sum = (cgt_95*cgt_95)/(0.05*n);
    sum += (c75_95*c75_95)/(0.20*n);
    sum += (c50_75*c50_75)/(0.25*n);
    sum += (c25_50*c25_50)/(0.25*n);
    sum += (c05_25*c05_25)/(0.20*n);
    sum += (clt_05*clt_05)/(0.05*n);
    return( sum - n );
double        n,cgt_95,c75_95,c50_75,c25_50,c05_25,clt_05;
 C5_01 0.5543
 C5_05 1.1455
 C5_25 2.675
 C5_75 6.626
 C5_95 11.07
 C5_99 15.09
    double V5;
    int check = 0;
    if (n < min_chichi5) {
        return( check_chichi3(n,cgt_95+c75_95,c50_75,c25_50,c05_25+clt_05) );
    }
    if ((V5 = chichi5(n,cgt_95,c75_95,c50_75,c25_50,c05_25,clt_05)) > C5_75) {
        check++;
        if (V5 > C5_95) {
            check++;
            if (V5 > C5_99) {
                check++;
            }
        }
    } else if (V5 < C5_25) {
        check--;
        if (V5 < C5_05) {
            check--;
            if (V5 < C5_01) {
                check--;
            }
        }
    }
    return(check);
 DEBUG
double        n,cgt_99,c95_99,c75_95,c50_75,c25_50,c05_25,c01_05,clt_01;
    double sum = (cgt_99*cgt_99)/(0.01*n);
    sum += (c95_99*c95_99)/(0.04*n);
    sum += (c75_95*c75_95)/(0.20*n);
    sum += (c50_75*c50_75)/(0.25*n);
    sum += (c25_50*c25_50)/(0.25*n);
    sum += (c05_25*c05_25)/(0.20*n);
    sum += (c01_05*c01_05)/(0.04*n);
    sum += (clt_01*clt_01)/(0.01*n);
    return( sum - n );
double        n,cgt_99,c95_99,c75_95,c50_75,c25_50,c05_25,c01_05,clt_01;
 C7_01 1.239
 C7_05 2.167
 C7_25 4.255
 C7_75 9.037
 C7_95 14.07
 C7_99 18.48
    double V7;
    int check = 0;
    if (n < min_chichi7) {
        return( check_chichi5(n,cgt_99+c95_99,c75_95,c50_75,
                                c25_50,c05_25,c01_05+clt_01) );
    }
    if ((V7=chichi7(n,cgt_99,c95_99,c75_95,c50_75,
                      c25_50,c05_25,c01_05,clt_01)) > C7_75) {
        check++;
        if (V7 > C7_95) {
            check++;
            if (V7 > C7_99) {
                check++;
            }
        }
    } else if (V7 < C7_25) {
        check--;
        if (V7 < C7_05) {
            check--;
            if (V7 < C7_01) {
                check--;
            }
        }
    }
    return(check);
   double size=0.0;
   long ch,next,l,i;
   if ((ch = getc(ifp)) != EOF) { /* prime the pump */
       cnt[ch] = size = 1.0;
       while ((l = fread(buf, 1, BUFSIZE, ifp)) > 0) {
           for (i=0; i V99) {
       desc = ": *******Non-random (hi)\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_gt_99++;
   } else if (V > V95) {
       desc = ": Suspect (hi)\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_95_99++;
   } else if (V > V75) {
       desc = ": Acceptible (hi)\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_75_95++;
   } else if (V > V50) {
       desc = ": Excellent (hi) !!!!!!!\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_50_75++;
   } else if (V > V25) {
       desc = ": Excellent (lo) !!!!!!!\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_25_50++;
   } else if (V > V05) {
       desc = ": Acceptible (lo)\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_05_25++;
   } else if (V > V01) {
       desc = ": Suspect (lo)\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_01_05++;
   } else {
       desc = ": *******Non-random (lo)\n";
 DEBUG
       tocc_lt_01++;
   }
   fprintf(ofp, "Occurance  V = %.2f (n = %.0f)%s", V, size, desc);
 DEBUG
   tocc_tests++;
   if (V < tocc_lowest) tocc_lowest = V;
   if (V > tocc_highest) tocc_highest = V;
   for (i=0; i= min_testable) {
           if ((V = get_V(cnt[i],successors[i])) > V99) {
               suc_gt_99++;
           } else if (V > V95) {
               suc_95_99++;
           } else if (V > V75) {
               suc_75_95++;
           } else if (V > V50) {
               suc_50_75++;
           } else if (V > V25) {
               suc_25_50++;
           } else if (V > V05) {
               suc_05_25++;
           } else if (V > V01) {
               suc_01_05++;
           } else {
               suc_lt_01++;
           }
           suc_tests++;
           if (V < suc_lowest) suc_lowest = V;
           if (V > suc_highest) suc_highest = V;
       }
   }
   if (suc_tests > 0.0) {
       fprintf(ofp,
               "Successor Vd = %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f\n",
                suc_gt_99*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_95_99*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_75_95*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_50_75*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_25_50*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_05_25*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_01_05*100.0/suc_tests,
                suc_lt_01*100.0/suc_tests);
       fprintf(ofp,
               "               deviation %d, (lowest = %.2f, highest = %.2f)\n",
               check_chichi5(suc_tests,
                             suc_gt_99+suc_95_99,suc_75_95,suc_50_75,
                             suc_25_50,suc_05_25,suc_01_05+suc_lt_01),
               suc_lowest, suc_highest);
   }
 DEBUG
   tsuc_tests += suc_tests;
   if (suc_lowest < tsuc_lowest) tsuc_lowest = suc_lowest;
   if (suc_highest > tsuc_highest) tsuc_highest = suc_highest;
   tsuc_gt_99 += suc_gt_99;
   tsuc_95_99 += suc_95_99;
   tsuc_75_95 += suc_75_95;
   tsuc_50_75 += suc_50_75;
   tsuc_25_50 += suc_25_50;
   tsuc_05_25 += suc_05_25;
   tsuc_01_05 += suc_01_05;
   tsuc_lt_01 += suc_lt_01;
   chi_dat = my_fopen(CFNAME, "w");
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Total number of occurance tests\n",
           tocc_tests);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.2f - Highest V from an occurance test\n",
           tocc_highest);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.2f - Lowest V from an occurance test\n",
           tocc_lowest);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests above  %.2f\n",
           tocc_gt_99, V99);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tocc_95_99, V95, V99);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tocc_75_95, V75, V95);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tocc_50_75, V50, V75);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tocc_25_50, V25, V50);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tocc_05_25, V05, V25);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tocc_01_05, V01, V05);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of occurance tests below  %.2f\n",
           tocc_lt_01, V01);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Total number of successor tests\n",
           tsuc_tests);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.2f - Highest V from an successor test\n",
           tsuc_highest);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.2f - Lowest V from an successor test\n",
           tsuc_lowest);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests above  %.2f\n",
           tsuc_gt_99, V99);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tsuc_95_99, V95, V99);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tsuc_75_95, V75, V95);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tsuc_50_75, V50, V75);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tsuc_25_50, V25, V50);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tsuc_05_25, V05, V25);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests %.2f - %.2f\n",
           tsuc_01_05, V01, V05);
   fprintf(chi_dat, "%-14.0f - Number of successor tests below  %.2f\n",
           tsuc_lt_01, V01);
   fprintf(chi_dat,
           "Occurance Vd = %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f",
            tocc_gt_99*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_95_99*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_75_95*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_50_75*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_25_50*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_05_25*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_01_05*100.0/tocc_tests,
            tocc_lt_01*100.0/tocc_tests);
   fprintf(chi_dat, " (deviation %d)\n",
           check_chichi7(tocc_tests,
                         tocc_gt_99,tocc_95_99,tocc_75_95,tocc_50_75,
                         tocc_25_50,tocc_05_25,tocc_01_05,tocc_lt_01));
   if (tsuc_tests > 0.0) {
       fprintf(chi_dat,
               "Successor Vd = %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f %.2f",
                tsuc_gt_99*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_95_99*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_75_95*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_50_75*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_25_50*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_05_25*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_01_05*100.0/tsuc_tests,
                tsuc_lt_01*100.0/tsuc_tests);
       fprintf(chi_dat, " (deviation %d)\n",
               check_chichi7(tsuc_tests,
                             tsuc_gt_99,tsuc_95_99,tsuc_75_95,tsuc_50_75,
                             tsuc_25_50,tsuc_05_25,tsuc_01_05,tsuc_lt_01));
   }
   fclose(chi_dat);
int argc;
char **argv;
   ifp = (argc > 1) ? my_fopen(argv[1],"rb") : stdin;
   ofp = (argc > 2) ? my_fopen(argv[2],"w") : stdout;
   chi_2_test();
   return(0);
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-06 00:11:42
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [NOISE] Is this email getting through? 
You've probably received no CP traffic because none was posted to the
mailing list. Have you getting much noise, sound, fury, and the flaming of
innocent anonymous remailers? :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-09 12:06:23
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
This is the imaginary sound one makes when hitting the killfile.
(I wish I could run procmail on this box...)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-10 23:27:40
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Perry's whining 
I wonder if any Russian speakers on this list know a good English
equivalent of the Russian expression: "Whose cow should moo"?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-10 23:29:30
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: In Re: Re: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
I see we're into cannibalism now...
 "I don't like your chief."
 "If you don't like him, don't eat him."
I envy Perry and wish I had procmail for (DOS) Waffle.
One of the many things that I dislike about Americans is their pronounced
tendency to express pride in their ignorance; as in, "I've never heard of
X's work, and I'm proud of it!". Now, that's tasteless.
The crypto relevance of the above remark is that this mailing list appears
to have been invaded by non-technical people who don't know anything about
cryptography beyond what they may have read in Schneier, who don't write code,
and who contribute nothing but childish flames and censorship attempts.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-11 04:46:52
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: China 
Governments and organized religions sought to regulate book printing
almost since the time in was invented.
In the last few decades, oppressive governments controlled the possession of
short-wave radio receivers (confiscated by several sides during WWII to prevent
citizens from listening to enemy propaganda); xerocopiers and computer
printers; even typewriters (I read that in today's Iraq every typewriter must
be registered and the government must be supplied with type samples).
It's not difficult to imagine that governments will seek to regulate the
possession of modems again. Some may recall that in the U.S. it used to be
technically illegal to connect a modem to the phone jack without a permission
from AT&T.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-11 04:50:32
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [silly] Re: OK, how *do* you spell it? 
Could someone please point out to me the crypto-relevance of this nonsense,
if any?
Thank you.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-11 23:43:58
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: China 
Nope.  I used modems back when the local phone company _was AT&T. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-11 23:52:18
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Regulation of citizen-alien communications (Was: Choices) 
[trading w/ the enemy act & espionage]
I strongly disagree.
Defense Trade Regulations, Section 120.10 - Export -- permanent and temporary.
 Export means:
 (4) Disclosing or transferring technical data to a foreign person, whether
 in the United States or abroad;
A foreign person is defined in S 120.11, and means anyone who's not a U.S.
citizen. Technical data is defined in S 120.33
 (d) Information, other than *software* as defined in 120.23(c), which is
 required for the design, development, ... maintenance or modification of
 defense articles. This includes, for example, information in the form of
 blueprints, drawings, photographs, plans, instructions and documentation.
 This also includes information that advances the state of the art of articles
 on the U.S. Munitions List. This definition does not include information
 concerning general scientific, mathematical or engineering principles
 commonly taught in schools, colleges and universities. It also does not
 include basic marketing information on function or purpose or general
 system description of desense articles.
And we all know that Part 121 - The United States Munitions List - has
Category XIII -- Auxiliary Military Equipment
 (b) Speech scramblers, privacy devices, cryptographic devices and software
 (encoding and decoding), and components specifically designed to be modofied
 therefore, ancillary equipment, and protective apparatus specifically
 designed or modofied for such devices, components, and equipment.
As I read it, a college professor might get busted for explaining his own new
crypto research to a class where some students happen not to be U.S. citizens.
Of course we all know this already. Just some U.S. people prefer to ignore the
mote in their own eye and to fight censorship in exotic remote developing
countries. Do you remember how U.S. Gov't tried to prevent the publications of
research papers on zero-knowledge proofs?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-12 04:02:27
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Regulation of citizen-alien communications (Was: Choices) 
Well, I'm not a lawyer. ;-) S 120.11 (Foreign person) goes like this:
 Foreign person means any natural person who is not a "citizen or intending
 citizen" of the United States within the meaning of 8 U.S.Code 1324 b(a)(3).
 It also means any foreign corporation... The term "intending citizen" means a
 person who has been lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent
 residence (and maintains such residence) under the Immigration and
 Naturalization Act (8 U.S.Code 101(a), 1101(a), 60 Stat. 163).
I don't have 8 U.S.Code here (I'm not a lawyer :-), but the "indenting citizen"
bit sounds to me like the INS form which affirms that one intends to stay here
permanently, and to become U.S. citizen once eligible, which those immigrants
who haven't been in the U.S. long enough to apply for citizenship are asked to
show when they apply for certain jobs, like the NYC Board of Ed.
So -- I think that if the climate in the U.S. reverts to what it was in the
'50's, a zelous prosecutor might tell a grand jury that you gave munitions to a
"forriner", and you might be indicted, and the onus would be on you to prove
that your wife was an "intending citizen".
All this smacks of Nazism.
P.S. Last time I taught an undergraduate computer security course, my floppy
disk handouts contained, inter alia, PGP, and I didn't ask which students were
U.S. citizens.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-12 07:00:02
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Regulation of citizen-alien communications (Was: Choices) 
I have anecdotal evidence (which I don't want to share) that certain college
teachers are reluctant to discuss state-of-the art crypto research in class
because they feel they're not supposed to share it with foreign students. It
may not be a fear of prosecution as much as the belief that it's against the
intent of the laws.
I recall that the (in)voluntary review process did slow down the publication of
ZKP by a year or so. Rather than rely on my memory, I'll dig up the exact
details and will most definitely get back to you.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-13 01:11:54
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: China 
I used acoustic couplers. My first modem was 110 bps, and when we got 300 bps,
it seems so fast in comparison... And then 1200 bps seemed even faster.
Acoustic couplers are still useful if you travel to places where there are
no rj11 connectors.
I recall that AT&T's argument against connecting any kind of user equipment to
their lines was that it might electrocute one of their workers.
I recall that recently in Germany one could not have a modem without some
kind of licence from DT - has it changed?
Personal computers, modems, and phone lines are ubiquitous in the U.S. and
most other developed countries. I suspect that modems may be rare enough in
China for the government to regulate their possession, using any silly excuse.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-15 18:42:08
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Response to Perrygram 
The protocols for both Usenet and the open mailing list were designed with the
assumption that the posters will follow the rules and post into "appropriate"
forums. This sort of worked 10 years ago, when I started reading Usenet, but
clearly doesn't work anymore. People should be free to post anything they want
anywhere they want. As more and more posters excercise this right, the readers
lose the right not to have their time wasted by the traffic they don't want to
see. A good friend of mine called this "the right to non-association". It's an
imporant part of one's privacy. While we have some technical people left on
this mailing list, perhaps we can discuss technical solutions to this problem?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-15 19:51:10
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Linux on the Mac 
I'm not sure what the crypto relavance of this is, but perhaps Er*c H*ghes
should put out a counter press release informing the public that people who
a) don't know much about crypto b) seek to restrict other people's freedom of
speech based on their political views should not call themselves "cypherpunks".
P.S. Don't ever do any business with the thieves at Cygnus.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-18 00:05:21
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: CDA Yes Votes; Collection 
This has no cryptographic relevance, but...
One alternative was to complete the blockade Japanese islands, then sit
and wait for them to surrender (while possibly fighting in China).
Japan is very vulnerable to blockades. You may recall that the attack on
Pearl Harbor came as a retaliation of the U.S. oil embargo which the
Japanese government viewed as an act of war.
A blockade could have lasted for years and caused millions of Japanese
civilians to starve to death.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-19 01:16:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: DES_ono 
Or perhaps GOST 28147-89.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-20 03:19:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Easy Nuclear Detonator 
Sounds good!
Now that coderpunks have split off of cypherpunks, I propose the creation of
at least two more mailing lists on toad.com (to keep the traffic on the
original cypherpunks more in line with Perry's views of what's appropriate):
* nukepunks - for educating the public how to build nuclear weapons
 (discussions of refining U-232 in your garage and the like)
* chempunks - for educating the public how to build chemical weapons
 (how to make Cyclon-B out of common household chemicals)
   :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-21 19:26:14
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Credit card numbers 
This was posted by Wayne D. Hoxsie Jr. :
 v(char *s)
  int i=0,j=0,k;
  k=!(!s[16]);
  for(;*s;*s++)
    i+=(++j%2-k)?(*s-'0')*2>9?((*s-'0')*2)-9:(*s-'0')*2:*s-'0';
  return (i%10);
  char s[160];
  printf("Enter credit card number\n");
  scanf("%s",s);
  printf("Credit card number is %svalid\n",v(s)?"in":"");
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-24 14:08:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Look, a chain letter :-) 
I received a curious mimetic e-mail. The cypherpunks relevance is: will we
or will we not bring down the White House server? :-)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
To whoever may read this,
This is not a typical chain letter, in that by passing it on to as many
people as you can, you are taking part in what may yet become the
world's biggest practical joke. The U.S. Government has recently passed
an act which enforces censorship on the internet. A group of internet
users has now come together to kick back at this oppression, and have a
bit of fun at the same time.
The aim of this exercise is to re-establish the United States as "The
Land of the Free", not a fascist state where freedom of speech and
thought are curtailed. Communist Russia fell as a result of such limits
being placed upon the minds of the general populus.
On receiving this letter, please pass it on to as many friends or
E-mail lists as you can. We predict that if everybody copies the letter
to 5 other addresses, by February 29th 1996, this letter should have
reached in excess of 2 million people. That's when the fun
On February 29th, please send the message:
Dear Mr. President,
Do you remember this:
And afterwards enclose the pre-typed copy of the Bill of Rights. By
sending the letter on the date above, you will contribute to either one
huge petition for freedom, or else lead to a crash of the White House
Send all letters to:
President at Whitehouse.gov
Remember that solidarity is the key to success
                              THE BILL OF RIGHTS
  Amendment I
   Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion,
   or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom
   of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to
   assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of
   grievances.
  Amendment II
   A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free
   state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be
   infringed.
  Amendment III
   No soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house,
   without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a
   manner to be prescribed by law.
  Amendment IV
   The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
   papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures,
   shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon
   probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
   describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be
   seized.
  Amendment V
   No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise
   infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand
   jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the
   militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; nor
   shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in
   jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal
   case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life,
   liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private
   property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
  Amendment VI
   In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a
   speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the state and
   district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district
   shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of
   the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the
   witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining
   witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for
   his defense.
  Amendment VII
   In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed
   twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and
   no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any court
   of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.
  Amendment VIII
   Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed,
   nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
  Amendment IX
   The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
   construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
  Amendment X
   The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,
   nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states
   respectively, or to the people.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-28 17:05:19
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: E$? Whatever 
A GLIMPSE INTO THE FUTURE OF MONEY, AS CITI SEES IT
Known inside Citicorp as the Electronic Money System, the bank's
version of electronic currency for cyberspace is the result of
four years of mostly top-secret toil by technical wizards who
report to Colin Crook, the New York money-center's top technology
officer. Still in a prototype stage and probably years away from
full-scale operation, the Electronic Money System is described as
fully equivalent to cash, but hardware and software reside on
secure processing environment.
     At a recent demonstration, one of six laptops was programmed
to contain the functions of two banks, with icons representing
tellers, security, and other features. The other terminals were
set up to display "electronic wallets" that individuals can use
to withdraw money from the virtual bank, exchange money with each
other, and perform a variety of sophisticated transactions. For
example, a customer on one laptop can transfer $100 and 50
British pounds from his bank account to his electronic wallet.
The cash then exists in digital form on the individual's computer
hardware. "Our system does not depend on any network mechanism
for security," said project manager Sholom Rosen. "The security
is between the two devices. They have their own cryptography and
security." Bank officials said they intend to apply the
technology first in wholesale functions, with retail use still
far in the future.
                         -- American Banker, 2/23/96
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-01 08:40:22
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Can We Cut the Crap? 
Ed, no one forced you (or anyone else) to read Fred Cohen while he was posting
to this mailing list.  I happen to be interested in his point of view. I may
or may not agree with it, but I want to know it and I'm grateful to Fred for
having taken his time to write.
There are people on this mailing list who appear to have very little technical
expertise (e.g., can't figure out how an anonymous remailer works), contribute
nothing but silly puerile flames to the discussion, and whose harassment has
caused Fred to stop contributing. They've deprived Fred of his right to spreak
and readers like me of our right to listen. This is censorship by bullying.
There exists, AFAIK, no procmail for the weird setup I have on this box. As soon
as I get something working, I'll start junking the flamers from my mail feed.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-02 02:16:24
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Can We Cut the Crap? 
Ed, I've met Eric Hughes.  You're no Eric Hughes.
The crypto people on this mailing list have asked people repeatedly to
curtail non-crypto-related postings (most recently, Tim May, who started
this thread). This is not censorship. The sliencing of Fred Cohen by a lynch
mob of non-technicals (who, e.g., send e-mail twice) is a disturbing example
of censorship.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-02 14:38:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
For as long as they're able to provide information and services that
customers want, which are not available via "generic" small ISP's.
For example, one can read the New York Times (and many other periodicals)
via AOL; one can read the NCSA forum on CompuServe.
One has to be pretty dumb to use AOL or CS as an _Internet_ provider.
Yet a lot of very sharp people use these services.
The content providers aren't willing to put their wares on "generic"
internet, and won't be willing to in the foreseeable future.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-02 17:26:55
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
OK, I'm sure we have the nice folks from the National Computer Security
Association on this list.  Why don't they set up their forum so it's not
necessary to have a CompuServe account to access it?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-03 17:15:44
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
Also, the powers that be could have wiped out bootlegging if they really
wanted to -- by draconian means.  Corrupt politicians at various levels chose
to let the laws be violated and to accept the bribes.
There's much less money involved in the distribution of "undesirable"
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-03 21:09:58
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution (long) 
I've been engaged in a lively debate with a few members of the cypherpunks
mailing list about forgeries that are hard to repudiate even if PGP signatures
are used. One of the participants suggested that I post a summary to
alt.privacy.pgp and sci.crypt, which is just what I'm doing.
(My apologies to the mail.cypherpunks readers who already saw much of
this once.)
I'll illustrate the problem with several scenarios of forgeries.
(It's funny that earlier today I was showing a friend how easy it is to
post forgeries. She seemed suitably impressed. :)
Scenario 1:
Bob once sent Carol an e-mail that looked like this:

@_date: 1996-01-04 21:07:32
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: test 
Ed, I've pointed out to you during our mini-flame war that I've been getting
4 copies of your every e-mail: 2 via the cpunks list, 2 directly from your
box cc:'d to me. You _know_ that I've been getting 2 copies of cc:'s not
passing through toad.com, that the problem is at your end, and not at toad.com,
and you should _not_ send test posts to cypherpunks.
I'm sorry if your recent posting flurry was provoked by my question about what
you have contributed to this discussion besides puerile flames of Fred Cohen.
None of the following:
 * your test posts
 * your lack of understanding of anonymous remailers
 * your inability to configure sendmail
have any cryptographic relevance (other than to discredit your technical
knowledge, which you have done quite thoroughly :)
Please stop polluting this mailing list with test messages. Thank you.
(I wish I could set up procmail on this box.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-13 14:52:27
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Next on "Geraldo": "Darkside Hackers in Love with their Trackers" 
Me too.
ObCrypto: I _finally_ received Schneier's 2nd edition today.
Advertising someone you don't have ready to ship isn't nice.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-13 14:57:33
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from 
I've seen worse on soc.culture.*. :-)
I think, an appropriate response for the victim would be to accept only
digitally signed e-mail from people he wishes to receive e-mail from, and
to junk all other e-mail (unsigned or from strangers).
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-16 11:43:16
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: New Puzzle Palace? Re: CAQ - Secret ... 
I think I paid $40 for the first edition.  I wish I could trade it in
for a discount. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-18 09:11:36
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution 
I think a two-fold fix would be welcome;
1. The signing software needs to copy these headers within the body in
a standard way. I think I've seen a couple of such hacks already.
That's a welcome idea.
2. When PGP verified the signature, it should have an option to look outside
the signed portion for RFC 822 headers and compare them to the signed copy
of he headers inside. If this is not in PGP, then then function would have to
be done by some non-portable wrapper.
(Of course, if your headers aren't RFC 822, you're out of luck.)
(As someone pointed out, PGP already time-stamps the signature.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-20 05:34:13
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FW: CrytoAPI on Cypherpunks 
Would you sign a foreign-developed CSP (which isn't subject to the rules)?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-21 00:14:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
Degaussing the media (running a household magnet over it :-) may be an option.
Two semi-on-topic questions:
1. Does anyone know a cheap way to recover the traces of the previous
(overwritten) recordings on the media?
2. If a cheap way exists, has anyone considered stego use of it?
(I don't need this right now, just for future reference, and any such
discussion would improve the s/n on this list.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-22 03:52:38
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
I've just established experimentally that thoroughly running a household magnet
over a 3.5" floppy messed up less than 1/2 the sectors I tried to read.
Not a good option even for floppies.
(Actually, there _was a smiley up there)
I'll go on a tangent (this has more of a stego than crypto code relevance):
In the early '80s there was much activity related to floppy disk based
copy protection schemes (we got our first PC in Dec 81; most folks today
know dongles, but may not remember disk-based copy protection). The
original IBM PC came with 360K 5.25" floppy drives and a very smart
floppy disk controller chip that was capable of much more than what
the IBM BIOS normally asked of it; and even the BIOS was capable of
much more (floppy disk related) than PC DOS required.
One of the neater tricks I've seen were the so called "weak bits". One
could confuse the FDC and write a sector in such a way that when subsequently
someone read it, he saw 1's some of the times and 0's at other times.
Naturally, the FDC noted the CRC error on the sector. The copy protection
checker could read the sector several times into different buffers and see
that it got different results every time.
I rummaged around my archives and found an assembly program (about 10K)
that I once wrote (dated Jan 84) which I think did exactly this. I can
e-mail it to anyone who cares to take a look. (Disclaimer: I no longer remember
what it does, but I think this is the one with weak bits.)
I would not be very surprised if it turned out to be possible to confuse the
floppy disk controller (or some hard disk controllers) by software alone, so
that instead of operating "correctly" and reading the most recently written
data, it would operate "incorrectly" and pick up traces of the overwritten
bits from the media.
Jim Bell mentioned the trick of hiding information into 'extra' tracks and
sectors not used by the usual DOS formatting. It's very old too. I think I saw
copy protection schemes circa 1982 that hid important data on tracks 41--43.
360K diskettes normally had 40 tracks. If the diskette was copies by DISKCOPY,
it didn't know about the extra tracks, and the copy didn't have the info
(usually, a piece of the program). It's very easy to do with just BIOS calls to
format/read/write the track. Problem is, many cheap floppy drives these days
aren't capable of seeking beyond track 80 when the FDC asks them to. You can
write the data there and give the floppy to a friend who won't be able to read
it from there.
Microsoft uses a variation of this scheme when it formats its distribution
diskettes for some products with additional sectors on every track (and
presumably a smaller inter-sector gap, and good media). Some may recall that
the original PC DOS 1.x formatted disks with 8 sectors/track (for 160K/320K)
and 2.x and later started formatting 9 sectors. There was a popular hack to put
10 sectors on a track (including a DOS device driver to read such disks).
This too can be accomplished by BIOS without any FDC hacking.
(Thanks also to tallpaul for info on Vogons)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-27 10:05:36
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Can't be THAT Fred Cohen :-) 
Does anybody know a consultant named Fred Cohen?  I'm doing some
background work.  Please get back to me if you know him.
Gary Schermerhorn                  (scherg at gsam.gs.com)
Goldman Sachs Asset Management
1 New York Plaza, 42nd Floor
(212) 902-3344 (phone), (212) 428-1008 (fax)

@_date: 1996-01-27 12:37:59
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
(This came in on Sunday and I mislaid it, sorry)
All the 360K 5.25" drives I've ever tried were capable of going to track 43
reliably (regular PC DOS format used 40). But I've come across too many
1.44/3.5" drvies that don't go beyond 80. Can't count on it. However...
It's possible to squeeze more sectors on 5.25" and 3.5" disks too, especially
if you specify shorter gaps. It's also possible to vary sector size.
When I read the above paragraph, I thought momentarily: it takes A LOT of bytes
to specify the format of a floppy disk. Could one use this as a kind of
encryption? I.e., the key would be the format specs, and it would have to
be supplied to the device driver before it could read the actual data from
the floppy. Unfortunately, I think a clever analysis of the disk with just
the regular FDC can tell you a lot about the formatting (i.e., the number and
the size of the sectors, and even their physical order).
This is extremely cool indeed.
Trivia question: is it true that the reason why a lot of hard disks have
a prime number of sectors per track (like 17) so that you can use different
interleave factors (which have to be relatively prime to the # of sectors)?
Only a few weeks ago I gave away a NEC V20 motherboard capable of running CP/M.
(I recall running CP/M on it at some point. Of course, its main purpose was
being an 8088 clone.) Why not. :-)
It would be even cooler to port PGP to BESM-6. (How many people on this
list have ever used a BESM-6?)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-27 23:52:15
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Open NNTP servers and logging 
I think Stephen Albert was asking about the possibility of using logs to find
out what he's reading, not posting. That's quite possible. Recall the recent
incident when an unethical researcher looked through his colleagues' .newsrc
files to see what newsgroups they were subscribed to.
If this concerns you, perhaps you could use something like an anonymous HTTP
proxy to connect "really anonymously" to an NNTP server?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-29 10:54:48
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: The Big Lie 
This has no cryptographic relevance whatsoever, but...
I went to high school in the U.S. (a very unpleasant experience), and we were
more-or-less taught that:
a) Only Jews were killed in the Nazi death camps;
 (actually, Nazis targeted many other groups for extermination, and about
 half the people put to death in the camps weren't Jews.)
b) Nazis made soap/lampshades/mattresses from the fat/skin/hair of their
 victims on industrial scale;
c) Nazis primary goal in conquering the world was to round up and kill all
 the Jews;
d) The U.S. entered the war and defeated Germany almost single-handedly in
 order to save the Jews.
I can very well imagine how a typical American taught to believe the above can
come across a "revisionist" material like _While 6 Million Died_ by Arthur D.
Morse; or hear about Russia's role in defeating the Nazis; and begin to doubt
whether any Jews were murdered at all. That's not good.
I guess this bears some relevance to the subject of credibility.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-29 12:34:58
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Heck, any message on the Internet is inherently pornographic because it's
just a bunch of 1's and 0's. And we all know that to Sen Exon a 1 looks
like a penis and a 0 looks like a vagina! :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-29 12:35:56
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Very little crypto relevance in the following...
Ignorance of the law is not a defense. How is a reasonable person supposed
to know that it's illegal to take >$10K in cash out of the country without
some paperwork? Yet one can be jailed for that. :-)
I recall that the former Soviet Union had a similar "long arm" interpretation
of its laws against anti-Soviet libel: if you ran a bookstore in the U.S. that
solds anti-Soviet materials and then came to visit the U.S.S.R., you could in
principle be arrested, tried, and convicted.
Certainly, if you posted an anti-Soviet article to Usenet from the U.S., and it
reached the former Soviet Union, you would be guilty of anti-Soviet libel.
I'm sure this is what the German government and many German people really want.
But, would you also argue that the former Soviet Union should not have been
allowed on Internet because some of the information that would enter it via the
internet would have been illegal there? I read that Singapore is similarly
trying to restrict its citizens' access to the net. I think it would be more
honorable to provide Germans with tools to access the information they want,
even it violates their laws that we consider to be unjust.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-30 03:59:49
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
I didn't follow this case that closely, but I'm quite certain that I read on
the net that the prosecution's witnesses dialed AA BBS _by modem_ from TN
(establishing jurisdiction) and downloaded the materials that were later found
to be offensive to TN's community standards. Snail mail may have been also
involved, but I definitely recall that letting someone in TN download the stuff
via modem was in the indictment.
IMO, this sets a precedent for the German incident.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-30 07:24:47
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Olmur, you've hurt my feeleings. Go away. :-)
Physically trampling on graves may be against some sort of laws.
Inciting others to trample on graves is speech.
Evidently not. It would be an honorable thing to help Germans (who may
well be a minotiry) break the laws that we consider to be unjust.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-30 07:41:15
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
This should be my last comment to the list in this thread...
Even if 99% of Germans don't wish to be on the net, and 1% do, it would be
an honorable thing to help that 1%; e.g. by providing the tools to
circumvent their laws that we consider to be unjust. IMO, It's not fair to
blame each and every inhabitant of a country for the actions of their
government, even if it's democratically elected.
So, develop the tools to make the (illegal) flow of information easier and
the prosecution more difficult. E.g., the former Soviet Union couldn't stop
its people from listening to Western propaganda on short-wave radio,
although it was illegal, and more repressive governments did confiscate all
short-wave radios in the past.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:24:30
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Big Lie 
Where it's convenient to the state. Reportedly in Germany you can easily
slander dead people, their estates, their descendants, and other members
of their ethnic group.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-30 13:25:05
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [FACTS] Germany, or "Oh no not again" 
Isn't there something in U.S. Code about crossing state lines
for immoral purposes?
(While I'm thoroughly disgusted by the German government's censorship,
let's not forget that the U.S. is no paradigm of freedom either.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-30 22:07:25
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Big Lie 
This thread has very little cryptographic relevance and has degenarated
into a full-scale ethnic flamefest.
Neither Germans nor Americans nor any other nation are inherently evil.
There are certain things that German government does which many on this
mailing list find distasteful. There are certain things that the U.S.
government does which many on this mailing list find even more distasteful.
We should seek to help those Germans who seek to circumvent the laws of
their country which we find to be unjust and unfair, just as we would
have helped the "dissidents" in the former Soviet Union or the anti-Nazi
Germans in Nazi Germany.
Disclaimer: my grandmother is reported to be German. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:19:41
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Big Lie 
Zero crypto relevance...
To me this sounds like a very twisted legal reasoning. If I understood
correctly some other posts in this thread, by saying something like, "the Nazis
invaded Denmark for reasons other than to round up and kill the 3,000 Danish
Jews", this Zendel loser automatically implies that whoever says otherwise is
lying; and that is a libel/slander, and is a criminal (not just civil) offense.
I wonder if it should also be illegal in Germany to doubt the atrocities
perpetrated by various German factions on one another during the 30-Year War
(1618-1648), or during the peasant uprisings/religious wars of 16th century, or
on the Slavs during the conquest of Saxony in 11th century?
They were as brutal as WWII, and most modern Germans are probably the
descendants of the survivors, and neither Catholics nor Protestants like to
admit the nasty things done by their ancestors.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:43:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Downsizing the NSA 
I went to a talk by Andy Koenig a few weeks ago and he claimed that even
though AT&T is laying off people (and splitting) they're still hiring every
internet/security person they could find.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-01 10:16:17
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
I'd like to take an exception to this description of the XMAS EXEC, since
I too received a copy of it in '87 (but had the smarts not to run it).
It didn't break or steal anything. It did 2 things:
 * Displayed an ASCII Xmas tree;
 * E-mailed a copy of itself to every e-mail address listed in the database of
 e-mail aliases. VM/CMS comes a very convenient, standard, and user-friendly
 program for keeping track of nicknames, real names, and e-mail addresses,
 stored in a flat file with tags, which any REXX program can easily read.
I had serious doubts that the person who wrote it was malicious.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-02-01 10:53:14
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: PZ a Nazi? 
While I fully agree that this thread deserves to die, in the interests
of accuracy I'd like to point out that the paper that libeled PZ is
a right-wing Tory rag.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-05 04:54:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
No, the population was given the choice of converting or becoming slaves.
(Slaves who opted to convert later didn't become free.) There were very
few examples of mass genocide during the moslem conquests, and generally
they avoided killing anyone who could be sold into slavery.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-06 08:19:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism 
I used to do work for the company that distributed AUM literature in Russia.
Curiously, the same people distribute Baha'i literature. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-07 03:21:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Word lists for passphrases 
K3wl Hack, D00dz!  Why don't you post it to coderpunks - it's probably way
too technical for cypherpunks.  I wonder if the util comes with the source
code, and what language it's written in.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-07 16:02:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Igor, it was safe to leave childred alone in Russia because in Russia
perverts and child molesters were jailed and/or castrated.  Here in the
U.S. perverts have 'civil rights'. Hence the children must be protected
from them.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-08 02:09:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Yes, it's an _anti-depressant, supposedly turning up those pieces of the brain
responsible for "tuning out" outside interference, and letting the hyperactive
kid concentrate.  But a true cypherpunk never lets any facts interfere with his
political agenda.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-08 07:40:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
I don't believe you.
This has no cryptographic relevance, but... What about _other kids?
You have 1 kid unlucky enough to be born hyperactive (genetic predisposition
+ idiot parents) and 40 kids unlucky enough to be stuck in class with one
jerk who won't let them learn.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-08 08:50:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Please don't shit on speed. One of the brightest people I know is 70+
years old. He's been eating several grams of speed a day since WW2.
He's brilliant and doesn't look a day over 40.
Disclaimer: I don't take speed - I don't need any drugs to be the way I am.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-11 15:16:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: electronic voting 
A few days ago I posted the following article to Usenet. It may be of interest.
Recently, Dr. John M. Grubor proposed several improvements to the Usenet vote
procedure. I've implemented Dr. Gurbor's proposals in C, with the objective to
make this code easy to add to L.Ron Dippold's (spit) vote-counting software.
I remind evertone the outline of Dr. Grubor's proposal:
1. The CFV will no longer contain the ballot. Instead it will instruct the
voter to send an e-mail to a GruborBot and request an individualized ballot.
Therefore, there can be no objection to resposting such CFV's.
[To request a ballot for 'ngv', a prospective voter at uhost might
e-mail ngv-ballot at uvv.org (content ignored) or e-mail votebot at uvv.bot
and say 'send ngv-ballot' - either way is easy with procmail]
2. When asked for a ballot, the GruborBot will generate an individualized
one by running a modified version of uvballot. The individualized ballot
e-mailed to voter at uhost will differ in the following ways from the
existing ballot:
 a) it will contain a ballot number.
 b) it will contain a copy of the CFV.
 c) it will contain a random challenge.
The triple (voter at uhost,ballot number,correct response) will be recorded.
[note that the ballot number and the challenge are not redundant ]
[the patches for uvballot are posted below. The patches assume that the CFV is
in the file ./cfvtext, the precomputed challenges are in ./chaldata, and
the outgoing ballots are recorded in ./balrost, but it's easy to change.]
3. The voter is likely to have look at the CFV in order to answer the
random challenge. Also s/he must have a reachable e-mail address.
4. Upon receipt of the ballot from voter at uhost, the modified version of uvvote
will verify the following, in addition to the checks already there:
 a) was a ballot with this number number e-mailed to voter at uhost?
 b) is this the correct response to the challenge given in the
  ballot with this ballot number?
It's possible for a user to request several ballots; all of them should be
acceptable, but only the latest one should be counted, just like now.
Thank you again, Dr. Grubor, for providing guidance for Usenet's growth.
[While at it, someone should change UseVote 3.0 to use ANSI prototypes]

@_date: 1996-07-15 05:29:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [LONG,FUNNY,NOISE] Cypherpunk wannabe threatens a lawsuit :-) 
Cypherpunks, I offer these two Usenet articles for your amusement.
In article 1, I follow up on Bruce Bough's article, and, among many other
things, defend his right to vote (questioned by the orthodox Jewish homophobe
Dan Hartung). (It's very long and technical, so you can skip it.)
In article 2, Bruce Bough follows up on my article and threatens to prosecute
me under the Americans with Disability Act for misspelling his name.
This is almost as funny as his litanies about his dementia and memory loss.
Have fun.
Article 1:
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.misc,news.admin.censorship,news.admin.policy,alt.config,news.groups,alt.journalism,atl.general,alt.culture.usenet,alt.internet.media-coverage,alt.wired,alt.cyberspace,talk.politics.misc,news.admin.net-abuse.misc,ga.general,misc.news.internet.discuss,soc.culture.russian,alt.flame.jan-isley,talk.forgery,alt.usenet.kooks,alt.grelb
In article <4rv6m7$3ns_002 at mycroft.kenosis.com>,
I remember how someone recently argued on news.groups that Bruce Bough's votes
should be invalidated because he's dying from AIDS. I strongly disagree with
Dan's (?) reasoning, which was, I recall, that someone with only a couple of
months left to live shouldn't be telling others how to run Usenet after his
death. I think we should consider Bruce's opinions as being representative.
After all, a Usenet vote is an interest poll, and the voters are just a sample
of a larger population. Not everyone who thinks like Bruce Bough is going to
die together with him from AIDS within a few months (sigh). Let him vote.
The use of numbered ballots (as proposed by Dr. Grubor and implemented by me),
will stop the following kinds of net-abuse:
* Cabal supporters such as Russ Allberry (spit) e-mailing pre-filled ballots to
their mailing lists, sometimes gathering tens of thousands of votes from people
who haven't read the CFV;
* Cabal supporters forging cancels to censor Usenet articles they claim contain
"unauthorized voting instructions". This pretext has been used to stifle
campaigning against the proposals the Cabal wanted to pass, as well as to
suppress protests against UVV misconduct by Jan Isley (spit) and his cohorts.
The use of a simple randomized question about the CFV - find the line that says
this and fill in the missing word on the ballot (as proposed by Dr. Grubor and
implemented by me), will stop the following kinds of net-abuses:
* Cabal supporters such as Stephanie da Silva (spit) vote YES on every
moderated newsgroup without reading the CFV;
* Cabal supporters such as Chris Stein (spit) vote NO on every unmoderated
newsgroup without reading the CFV.
There can be no pre-filled ballots under Dr. Grubor's proposal.
But Dr. Grubor's proposals don't address the issue of votetaker fraud. For
example, we've exposed Jan Isley (spit) as a liar and a forger, who frivolously
"invalidated" or "lost" votes from people he didn't like (including myself),
and forged cancels for their protests on news.groups. Emory University called
Isley's (spit) forgeries "reprehensible" and pulled his plug for net-abuse.
The UVV's refusal to use numbered ballots and to ask (simple) questions about
the CFV on the ballot is just a lame excuse. They really want to be able to
forge cancels for protests posted to news.groups about votetaker misconduct.
For example, of the following dozen votes I've cast, I've only received an ack
for my NO vote on soc.culture.israel.moderated (fuck you, Jonathan Kamens).
Where are the acks for the following ballots:
I vote NO on soc.culture.israel.moderated
I received an ack (thank you, Jani).
2. I e-mailed voting at hut.fi and wrote (ballot mark skipped):
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
So far, I received no ack.
What's going on? Why are 11 of my ballots not being acknowledged?
Article 2:
Path: ...!newsfeed.internetmci.com!usenet.eel.ufl.edu!psgrain!rainrgnews0!news.aracnet.com!mycroft
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.misc,news.groups,alt.usenet.kooks
Organization: Kenosis Design
Lines: 29
NNTP-Posting-Host: ppp-u11.aracnet.com
X-Newsreader: News Xpress 2.0 Beta Dimitri, I invite you to pick a date, not more than twelve months in the
future, beyond which you're certain I will die. I will then post the
next day.
Not, of course, that I expect you to have the honor to admit now that
you're deliberately misreading and misunderstanding my posts, nor to
admit in the future that you made a claim demonstrably wrong.
Nor, I see, can you spell my name correctly, even though you quote it
routinely in reply lines and sig files. People who can't read what's in
front of them on screen lose credibility when it comes to proposing
sweeping changes and radical innovations in software.
Further, you might want to read up on the Americans With Disabilities
Act. Slanderous and defamatory statements about the handicapped - and my
government agrees that I do have a real problem, though it's not AIDS -
open you up to interesting liability.
Bruce Baugh <*> bruce at aracnet.com <*> See my Web pages for
    New science fiction by Steve Stirling and George Alec Effing er
    Christlib, the mailing list for Christian and libertarian concerns
    Daedalus Games, makers of Shadowfist and Feng Shui
Unsolicited commercial e-mail will be proofread at $50/hour, min $100.

@_date: 1996-07-15 13:22:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My impending death 
The cripple is lying again, as usual.  Twice he reposted to cypherpunks
his Usenet lies with no cryptographic relevance just to slime me. Since
not even Perry told the demented cripple to quit, I'll respond in kind.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-16 06:32:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE, FLAME] Cypherpunk kook slanders 
As an amusing aside, the text that Alan Olsen deleted was the quote from
our least favorite cripple. My response only started here:
I was also responding to this article by Dan Hartung, a Usenet votetaker:
]Path: ...!Q.Net!nntp1.best.com!news1.best.com!nntp.primenet.com!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-3.sprintlink.net!news.ultranet.com!homer.alpha.net!uwm.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!in2.uu.net!in-news.erinet.com!ddsw1!news.mcs.net!usenet
]From: dhartung at mcs.net (Dan Hartung)
]Newsgroups: news.groups,alt.config,soc.motss
]Subject: Re: Proposal: Ban Homosexuals for Usenet Votes
]Followup-To: alt.bonehead.john-grubor
]Date: Sat, 15 Jun 1996 00:08:26 -0500
]Organization: Rotaract Club of Evanston
]Lines: 13
]Message-ID: <31C2454A.71B9 at mcs.net>
]References: <199606122318.QAA27943 at jobe.shell.portal.com>
]NNTP-Posting-Host: dhartung.pr.mcs.net
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0b4 (Win95; I)
]> The Subject says it all.  Usenet votes are supposed to be reader interest
]> polls. Who cares about the opinions of someone who's going to die from AIDS
]> in a month, and won't be rrading Usenet anyway? Their votes shouldn't count.
]Absolutely.  I couldn't agree more.  But we have to have a litmus test,
]a means for determining precisely who is homosexual.  I know!  We'll
]just assume anyone who conceals their identity is homosexual.
]Daniel A. Hartung       |   I believe we can fly
]dhartung at mcs.com        |         on the wings that we create
]  |                 -- Melissa Etheridge
As you see, I find Dan Hartung's homophobic ravings even more distasteful
than the whining cripple's censorous demands that cypherpunk technology not
be used to promote homophobia, as in the abive example. I actually defended
the cripple from Dan Hartung in the above quote.
As for AIDS, I remind you that some people with AIDS or HIV lie about their
condition on purpose, in order to infect others. A very angry demented cripple
would fit this pattern.
Alan Olsen is lying again, as usual. The cripple has on numerous occasions
forwarded entire large Usenet articles to the cypherpunks mailing list whose
only relevance was a mention of my name in some derogatary way. He's been
trying to drag his little Usenet flame wars to this mailing list for months;
finally he succeeded.
That's a pretty racist remark.
Are you talking about the same demented cripple who tried to organize a
"cypherpunks" meeting at his place and specifically excluded certain people
because he didn't like their political views?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-16 21:53:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sternlight on C'punks 
Modems on stun...
I already got some shit from DS.  I saw right away that he's an asshole,
so I won't be responding to anything {he|she|it} says.  What a maroon.
I think Lance Deitweller is much smarter and more coherent. I exchanged
some e-mails with and and he sounds like a very reasonable and nice guy.
Thanks for the warning,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-18 22:07:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Russian foreign intelligence CD-ROM 
KGB ru1ez, d00d!
Do you mean Dr. John M. Grubor, the man who created both Internet and Usenet?
He's brilliant.  I'm looking forward to reading his book and the CD ROM.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-18 22:08:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Lying Purebred Sovok Tchurkas Write the History of the Net 
Tim May is mistaken. Please either provide a (non-forged) quote from me
calling anyone "Tchurka" (whatever _that_ is) or apologize and retract.
P.S. Sternlight is an asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-18 22:56:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: An interesting instance of poltical anonymnity, now 
Someone did in fact.  There was a long article in _New York magazine a few
months ago, whose author did computer analysis of Klein's writings and the
novel and showed them to match. You may be able to find it in a library.
Don't feel sorry for Klein - he's a fucking statist who opposes freedom of
speech. If CBS fires the creep for lying, it'll serve him just right.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-18 23:35:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mail-order Ph.D.'s 
I've received an obnoxious e-mail signed by *Dr.* David Sternlight. :-)
David, did you buy your sheepskin in a pizzeria? How much did you pay?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:20:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mail-order Ph.D.'s 
He also invented the radio, but Marconi+Popov stole the credit from him.
And he's the founder of public-key cryptography.
Oh - he also invented Ethernet and TCP/IP.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:39:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Infowarfare Panel 
That didn't do much... Iraq's TCP/IP network proved too resilient for
U.S. bombs. Interestingly, one of the Russians who built it now works for
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:42:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: US versions of Netscape now available---NOT 
What? SternFUN claims to be singlehandedly responsible for the fall of our
beloved Soviet Union?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:59:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Infowarfare Panel 
SternFUN invented plumbing too???
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 10:02:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: take the pledge 
I've already said this before, but I'll say it again: *Dr.* David Sternlight
is an asshole and I pledge not to reply to his messages.
Can we talk cryptography now?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:03:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Inventor of radio... 
You are gravely mistaken. Radio was invented by *Dr.* David Sternlight, Ph.D.
(Both AM and FM.)
E-cash, ecash, and e*cash are registered trademarks of *Dr.* David Sternlight,
Ph.D., Ph.D., Ph.D., patent pending, all rights reserved in perpetuity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:03:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reverse Engineer 
Small correction: oftentimes one is trying to figure out the 'secret' algorithm used by the program, and that can be done by analyzing the
assembler just as well. I did this a few times to break 'secret'
cryptosystems. Certain programs encrypt their executable code and decrypt it at runtime
to make reverse engineering more difficult.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-20 23:50:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
*Dr.* SternFUD is on SSI because of a mental disability.
Plus his parents support him.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-21 11:42:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
In Russia, under Khrushchev, teaching children religion was viewed
as a serious form of child abuse, and its victims would often be
taken away and placed in orphanages.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-21 15:07:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Am I talking to myself? I'm definitely not talking to SternFUD.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-21 23:16:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Game Theory and its Relevance to Cypherpunks 
I'm not sure where you got these figures... Hitler had 12 million people
killed in death camps alone, about half of whom were Jews. I've heard estimates
of 100 mil killed during the cultural revolution alone. This doesn't even
begin to include the _war dead, which would be relevant to your thread.
As for historical parallels, these guys were pussies compared to the
Mongol invasions, or for that matter Roman conquests.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-21 23:27:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I've seen cruise missiles and they look much more impressive if you
know what's inside.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-22 05:19:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Please, people, let's not follow up on anything "Dr." David Sternlight posts
to the cypherpunks mailing list, not matter what the provocation.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-22 05:40:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Netscape download requirements 
I share your sentiment. "Dr." David Sternlight is the moral equivalent of
Archimedes Plutonium, Dr. Jozeph Goebbels, and Janet Reno combined.
Please don't follow up on anything David Sternlight sends to the cypherpunks
mailing list, no matter what the provocation. The asshole thrives on attention.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-22 07:14:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Please don't respond to Steinlight's spam - thank you...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-22 07:32:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Please do not respond to anything "Dr." David Sternlight posts to this
mailing list, no matter what nonsense he says. The asshole is starved
for attension. He's just trolling for flames. Please ignore him. Thank you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-22 08:49:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
Sigh. :-(
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-22 23:47:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: the VTW---FBI Connection 
So, Russ is a stool pigeon?  That figures...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-23 01:40:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SHI_fty 
You mean, Microsoft Bob? I saw MS Bob on clearance at the Wiz on 86th st...
$15/copy, not moving.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-23 02:09:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: VTWW 
Yes. Plug-pulling censorous lying motherfuckers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-23 11:35:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Special Agent Safdar 
I boycott "Dr." David Sternlight.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-23 20:14:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Boobytraps and the American Legal System 
I think Tim May is growing senile...
Actually, he fell through the roof of a school he was trying to burgalize.
In a similar incident a burglar broke into a house that was being treated
for pests (i.e., was full of toxic fumes). He died; his family sued the
owners and won.
Maybe someone can post a reference to these two cases. I recall that both
happened in New York, but I could be wrong.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-23 20:22:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Home Made Telephone Voice Changer 
You can find voicw changers and a lot of other fun toys in the Edge Company
catalog (+1 800 732 9976). They have other electronics, guns, knives, swords,
cross-bows, what have you. No homicidal maniac should be without their
It would be an interesting EE project to implement a voice changer in software
using a PC with a sound / phone board.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-24 01:31:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Decrypt Unix Password File 
If the /etc/passwd file does not use shadow passwords, then the second field
of each line contains the 'salt' and a value dependent on both the salt and
the secret password.
One can try to compute the function of all reasonable dictionary words with
the salts in the /etc/passwd file, and hope that some of them match the
values listed in the file.
There are many programs that do this, e.g., look for 'crack'.
This attack can be made more difficult if you force your users not to use
easy-to-guess passwords, and if you use something like NIS and shadowing to
make the public part of the passwords harder to get.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-24 02:03:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Boobytraps and the American Legal System [France Legal System] 
mantraps are perfectly legal under english common law (a person's home is
his or her castle) but not under the fascist american common law.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-24 11:07:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-daw 
The asshole has the right to spam this mailing listand to troll for flames;
others have the right to reply to him; I have the right to ask them not to.
That's freedom.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-24 15:39:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cracking DES or building a DES cracking machine? 
Or enough magnetic tape or CD-R to pre-compute a lookup table,
accessible via the Internet? Hmm, taking one byte and running it
through 2^40 keys will produce exactly 1024GB values. Mag tape
is dollars / megabyte: it seems possible to take a known clear
text (like "cypherpunks") and compute a lookup table that would
take a look at the encryption and list the key(s) that match.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:18:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Another fascist 
SternFUD calling someone a fascist is a prime example of a (crack)pot calling
the cattle black. The corresponding Russian idiom is
                      Whose cow should moo
                   (Ch'ya by korova mychala)
Please don't follow up on SternFUD's articles. Thank you.
Down with the Usenet Cabal! All power to the GruborBots!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-25 03:09:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No more stupid gun thread ... 
OK - "Dr." David Sternlight is a Nazi.
          Down with the Usenet Cabal! All power to the GruborBots!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-25 10:06:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Brute Force DES 
May I suggest that a better demonstration for the public would be to allow any
person take a pre-determined text (such as "cypherpunks"), encrypt it wtih a
key of their choice (40-bir or 56-bit, depending on what we're trying to prove),
(i.e. demonstrating that some 40-bit key scheme is unsafe may be sufficient )
send the cyphertext to a GruborBot via e-mail or Web page, and get back within
reasonable time the key(s) that were used.  I think this is feasible; whether
it's all lookup table or some lookup and some computation is details.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-26 00:02:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Netscape 3.0B US version MD5 
Me too!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-26 05:33:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Data Sources for DES Breaking 
If the goal is to show that the 40bit key used in s/mime is totally insecure,
then one could take some short plaintext likely to occur there and compute
a lookup table, listing its encryption with all possible keys - and make it
available on the internet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-26 06:15:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: When books are outlawed 
(Alan's off-topic again, as usual.)
_On _Our _Wheelchairs is a PC rag for demented cripples dying from AIDS and tr
trying to stifle free speech. _Our _Favorite _Vegetable is the PC rag for their
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-26 06:15:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Brute Force DES 
One can also have an index to the data on faster storage: that's how I usually
store the data on tapes.
One note about these huge 8mm tapes (like the ones from Exabyte): random seeking
them is very slow.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-26 13:56:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: LIMBAUGH ON TV 
This is an ISO currency code (also a SWIFT code). SWIFT codes generally
coincide with ISO codes, but they have a few extra codes for precious
metals (XAU=gold, XAG=silver) which I think aren't in the ISO document.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-26 23:28:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [FUNNY] Rich Graves exposed 
I didn't realize Rich is a neo-Nazi revisionist. :-)
Path: ...!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!news.mathworks.com!tank.news.pipex.net!pipex!oleane!jussieu.fr!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!news.nap.net!news.pyrotechnics.com!kiwi.pyrotechnics.com!scallon
Newsgroups: can.politics,alt.revisionism,soc.culture.jewish,alt.personals.intercultural,soc.couples.intercultural,alt.fan.ernst-zundel,alt.censorship,news.groups
Organization: George Clinton/Bootsy Collins '96
Lines: 14
NNTP-Posting-Host: kiwi.pyrotechnics.com
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
For those of you who do not understand:
Kenneth McVay started the Nizkor Project after he stumbled across Dan
Gannon's revisionist BBS (denies the Holocaust).  His Nizkor Project
had millions of byltes of data about the Holocaust and info about the
revisionists (i.e. Gannon, Les Greaseball, Rich Graves, Kevin Alfred
Strom, etc.); He was awarded the Order of British Columbia for his
Brendan John Francis Scallon    When it comes to the net, I'm
scallon at pyrotechnics.com     similar to the thrilla in Manila
Race: Other__Celtic__    CLINTON/COLLINS '96           This country needs a Parliament

@_date: 1996-07-28 10:49:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Questions... 
No, no, this is all wrong. There's a guy named Lance Deitweller and he has
fun posting as different people and posting under different names. Sometimes
Lance's different personalities (he calls them "tentacles") even argue with
one another!
These posters have been definitevely shown to be Lance's tentacles:
Alan Olsen (Lance posing as friend of vegetables)
"Dr." David Sternlight
Igor Chewed-Off
Jim Bell (talk.politics.assassination)
Black Unicorn
"Tim May" (Lance is pretending to be senile)
Vladimir Z. Nuri (Lance's parody of a Brighton Beach Sovok)
None of these people are real in any sense. It's just Lance playing games.
As for the creative misspellings of my family name, Igor Ch. used to have
a collection: Vulvis, Vilus, Vul(gar)is, what you get when you cross a
vulva and a penis, etc, etc. Igor will probably post whatever I missed.
ObGodwin: David C [no dot] Lawrence is a Nazi.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-29 00:58:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ABC 
I just heard something funny on ABC:
Interviewer: Is this the kind of bomb the militias like to use?
Interviewee: Yes, it's a pipe bomb. Of course, you can find out on
the Internet how to make these...
(Well, _I thought this was funny.)
I hereby volunteer Jim Bell to write the Cyperpunk bomb-making FAQ.
Or a more general chemical FAQ including common poisons.
Are you up to this task, Jim? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-29 01:05:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Rich Graves is accused of forgery and other net-abuse 
Hmm, I though Rich Graves was a Nazi, but now the Nazis reject him too. :-)
Path: ...!newsfeed.internetmci.com!swrinde!howland.reston.ans.net!EU.net!news.eunet.fi!anon.penet.fi
Newsgroups: alt.fan.ernst-zundel,alt.revisionism,news.groups,alt.internet.media-coverage,news.admin.net-abuse.misc,c2.chat,alt.cyberpunk,soc.culture.jewish
X-Anonymously-To: alt.fan.ernst-zundel,alt.revisionism,news.groups,alt.internet.media-coverage,news.admin.net-abuse.misc,c2.chat,alt.cyberpunk,soc.culture.jewish
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Reply-To: an572010 at anon.penet.fi
[multi-mailed to llurch at stanford.edu, postmaster at stanford.edu, and
postmaster at c2.net]
You, postmaster at c2.org, postmaster at stanford.edu and
news.admin.net-abuse.misc were notified about forged cancels by you
against others.  Did you stop since?
Your practice of posting to a lot of newsgroups with a followup-to
line for an "enemy" newsgroup, is the classic practice of trolling.
Most of the newsreaders wont see the rebuttals, and presume that
your post was unchallenged, so inspiring a rebuttal with the same
arguments that have already been made.  You've not stopped
regardless of the number of complaints.
Your practice of forging your e-mail address away from your true
e-mail address is also net abuse.  This is an obvious taking
advantage of sameer at c2.net, a net hero, the admin of your ISP,
that you are maliciously taking advantage of to avoid complaints
of your actual e-mail address, llurch at stanford.edu, whom you
work for.
Whoever "Skippy" is, she has not forged cancels since March 1996,
and has never done the other abuses you deal out in prolific
quantity.  Are you going to stop these three net abuses because
of yet another complaint?  You haven't before.
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi

@_date: 1996-07-29 02:28:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
Put useful stuff on a diskette, including PGP. Make as many copies of the
diskette as you have students. Hand it out in class. Assign homework projects
that would involve using PGP.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-29 02:28:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ALL OF YOU ARE CRIMINAL HACKERS, I AM GOING TO CALL FBI 
^
11. When using an anonymous remailer, strip your signature.
12. Don't rely on a Mac spellchecker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-29 10:19:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your favorite poison recipes 
Our least favorite vegetable in a wheelchair can tell you that swallowing cum
can be _very bad for your health if the guy squirting in your mouth is HIV+.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:13:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
So, is she going to shut down the CNN Web site with bomb-making info?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-30 13:23:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Questions... 
This reminds me of another mine-flame war I recently had on another forum
with a vegetarian who claimed that vegetarian airplane food is much worse
than airplane meat. He never tried the latter, so he just assumed it must be
better, and so poor vegetarians were being discriminated against. I found it
funny because so many people (including myself) ask for vegetarian food
when flying because their meat is usually even worse.
Likewise, Robin opens his (or her? this is a gender neutral name) big mouth
without knowing what the fuck s/he's talking about - and makes himself/
herself look like a complete idiot, comparable to "Dr." David Sternlight.
We have one demented cripple on this mailing list whose agenda is centered
around silencing everything he doesn't agree with. He keeps whining about
anonymous remailers which permit "homophobes" to get away with posting
their crimethoughts. He threatens to sue everyone who badmouths his meal
ticket - the wheelchair. Our taxes pay for his wheelchair, his Internet
access, his apartment, his welfare check... Disgraceful.
Unless you're a fascist, you shouldn't identify with this demented cripple.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-30 13:38:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clinton must like terrorists... 
Clinton is a terrorist and a murderer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-07-31 15:42:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
Good riddance.  For once, SternFUD did something I approve of.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-01 13:33:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Photo IDs (Re: A Libertine Question) 
When I fly, my name is _always misspelled in weird ways by the subhumans
who do this sort of work. I'd have problems if "Gimidri Voolens" had to match
some photo id.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-08-01 13:47:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "An who shall guard the guardians?" 
Who custodiates the custodians?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-03 12:51:40
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Fate of Ecash if RSA is cracked? 
This'll happen, probably sooner than later.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-04 15:52:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Saw this on CNN: Anonymous Stock tips over IRC as bad??? 
rev'g 681 F.2d 824 (D.C.Cir.1982), SEC. Rel  (Jan 22, 1981).
The poor Dirks was a financial analyst who "received information from a
former vice president of Equity Funding that there was widespread fraud at
the company. Dirks confirmed this information with one current and several
former Equity Funding employees and communicated it to five investment
advisors. The five investment advisors sold or directed the sale of large
blocks of Equity Funding stock without disclosure of the information they
had received from Dirks. The SEC found that once Dirks had confirmed the
information by contact with a number of former insiders, it had a
reasonable probability of being true and was, for that reason, material
nonpublic information. The SEC also held that Dirks aided and abetted
violations of Section 10(b) on the part of the investment advisors who were
his tippees. The decision was upheld by the Court of Appeals but _reversed
by the Supreme Court on the grounds that the insider did not breach his
fiduciary duty by disclosure of the information because there was no benefit
to the insider, and thus Dirks did not breach any duty." I.e., Dirks got
away with it, after spending lots of $$$ on shysters.
IANAL, but I see a trend to let insiders get away with trading on material
non-public information in Chiarella v. U.S. (455 US 222 (1980)) followed by
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-04 15:59:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fate of Ecash if RSA is cracked? 
I wonder what would happen if someone posted PostScript code for printing
counterfeit money on a color printer? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-04 16:40:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous stock TRADING (was Saw this on CNN: ) 
If he doesn't report the income from the trades, the IRS may nail him.
If he does, then they'll look at what trades he did.
Interestingly, all this trading on inside information didn't use to be
a crime in the U.S. at one time, and is not a crime in most of the world.
Most non-Americans view access to material nonpublic information as one
of the job perks, just like the ability to sexually harrass one's secretary.
Interested cpunks should check out the book _International Investments_
by Bruno Solnik (0-201-56707-5). It doesn't talk about insider trading,
but it has some fascinating comparisons of market practices in different
countries, and some thoughts on the value of anonymity vs. reputation.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-04 16:48:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Saw this on CNN: Anonymous Stock tips over IRC as bad??? 
High-level corporate officers have to file a special form with the SEC
whenever they trade the stock of their corporation. This information is
then publicly available. The Wall St. Journal reports monthly on large
insider trades reported to the SEC. I'm aware of at least one service (in
Florida) that takes the paper forms from SEC, does data entry, and sells
the data in computer-readable form.
Several studies showed something interesting:
a) If someone trades with the insiders, s/he'll have the same returns as
the market or worse;
b) If someone follows only the highest-level insiders (directors and CEO's)
as soon as their trades become known (which is about 4 weeks after the trade),
they'll generally beat the market.
This seems to indicate that a) insiders on the average are misguided,
b) highest level insiders do profit from their insider knowledge.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-06 18:15:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: On the Hill: Child Porn "Morphing" 
This is a cool idea - I wonder if there's an FTP site with X-rated doctored
pictures of the KKKlintons.  Would a morphed image of Chelsea performing
fellatio on Slick Billy be protected as political satire?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-06 18:28:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fate of Ecash if RSA is cracked? 
Note that Turing et al did their analysis of what's computable and what's
not computable on Turing machines and their equivalents before computers
were physically built.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-09 02:03:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
I haven't been paying a lot of attention to the Church of $cientology wars
until recently. Here's an executive summary for those who don't give a damn.
1. There's a gang of flamers (David Gerard, Jon Noring, Ron Newman, Rob J.
Nauta, and the like) who try to stop $cientologists from discussing their
religion on the Usenet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology. Most of them are
disgruntled former cult members and/or members of other similar cults.
2. The anti-scientologists have caused many cypherpunks anonymous remailers
to shut down via their egotistical misuse of them, viz. criminally posting
copyrighted Co$ writings to Usenet. They did it knowing that the Co$ is
likely to harrass the remailer operators, causing them to shut down and
depriving everyone of their services.
3. These harrassers are Usenet Cabal supporters, and they are sometimes
joined by initerant cabal enforcers such as Peter Vorobieff, who visit a.r.s
to lend a helping hand and to flame Co$.
4. Recently the anti-scientologists have asked me for a copy of my cancelbot,
and have been using it to forge cancels for scientologist posts on a.r.s.
Here's a typical anti-scientologist Usenet article lauding content-based
forged cancels:
]Path: ...!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.reston.ans.net!nntp.coast.net!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!news.rmit.EDU.AU!news.unimelb.EDU.AU!munnari.OZ.AU!news.mel.connect.com.au!news.mel.aone.net.au!fun
]From: fun%/etc/HOSTNAME (David Gerard)
]Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology,alt.religion.scientology.xenu
]Subject: Re: Cancel Summary
]Followup-To: alt.religion.scientology,alt.religion.scientology.xenu
]Date: 5 Jun 1996 20:51:37 GMT
]Organization: Expert Marcabian Spam-Dodgers of the Universe
]Lines: 28
]Message-ID: <4p4s0p$h06 at news.mel.aone.net.au>
]References:  <31b194aa.599605 at news.clark.net>
]Reply-To: fun at suburbia.net
]NNTP-Posting-Host: athene.glasswings.com.au
]X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
]: >Thu May 30 00:48:49 EDT 1996  Lazarus V2.3
]: >lightlink.com/var/spool/news/control/1456170
]: >Article: 170077
]: >From: info at triskele.com (ARSE INFO SERVICEl)
]: >Date: Sun, 26 May 1996 13:22:08 GMT
]: >Subject: Bryan Wilson - In Conclusion.
]: >    Message-ID: <31a857ae.664540 at news.clark.net>
]: >Control: cancel <31a857ae.664540 at news.clark.net>
]: Great.  Even the parodies of spam get canceled.  :-/
]Well. This is actually GOOD NEWS. Because what it means is that there is at
]least one spam cancelbot on the case, as is eminently a wonderful idea for
]getting the hell RID of this shit ... in an entirely accepted and acceptable
]Usenet manner.
]If you can find the cancel, you can ask whoever zapped it to
]repost it I suppose, in such a way as to evade the cancelbot.
]Now what we need is MORE spam cancelbots on this material.
] -- if it doesn't work for you, email me.

@_date: 1996-06-09 04:53:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
You mean, the anti-scientologists aren't massively forging cancels
for scientologits' posts on alt.religion.scientology using my cancelbot?
Or the anti-scientologists haven't caused most of the problems cypherpunks
remailers face through posting CO$ copyrighted material through them?
My condolences.
Then how come anyone who posts to a.r.s in support of the cult gets
harrassed by your acquaintances (flamed, mailbombed, etc)?
(Note: I'm not a Co$ affiliate and have exactly as much disdain for it as
for any other cult.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-09 15:29:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Jim - could corrupt gov't official hide behind anonymity too?
E.g., a particularly obnoxious gov't regulation being issued from
behind anon remailer?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-09 15:31:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Igor, have you ever read novels about British life in 18th century?
(I'm using this as an example because every good Russian reads them. :-)
Have you noticed how exaggeratedly polite they were to each other,
in comparison to Americans today? Do you know why?
Because back then, every gentle person was armed and might use violence
in sufficiently provoked.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-10 01:56:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
Check out the Lasarus reports on alt.religion.scientology -- 5000 lines,
6000 lines, 7000 lines...
The forged cancels started a short time after one prominent anti-scentologist
flamer e-mailed me and asked for a copy of my cancelbot. (The first time I've
seen him being quasi-polite! :-) The cancels look like they came from my 'bot,
and are directed at _anything posted by certain Co$ supporters.
I don't care about the bizarre religion views of the present or former cult
members, but forging cancels makes you as much of a slime as Co$.
I note that you chose to ignore the cypherpunks-relevant portion of my question
- that the anti-scientologists have been abusing the cypherpunks remailers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-10 02:15:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I'm not quite in Flushing, but: it's possible to keep one at home, but
a carry licence is impossible.
Russians in Russia are very polite to boys wearing leather and riding BMW's.
New Yorkers are sometimes polite to black men wearing lots of gold jewelry.
Maybe they suspect something.
I think it would take very few 'depopulation' incidents to improve manners.
Humans, like rats, are very good at learning from others' mistakes.
There are some very interesting discussions in Bruno Solnik's book I
mentioned about the worth of anonymity v. reputation in financial markets.
I wonder if it would be possible for government officials to hide behind
anonymity. Everyone will hate a certain gov't official, but no one will
know who s/he is?
That's an interesting question - want to think about a protocol?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-11 17:22:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP key revocation 
That's right - you can't trust Rich's procmail to have junked any e-mail
reliably. He may have read it all. What a paranoid maroon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-11 23:44:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Please do - thank you.
With purely academic interest,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-13 02:18:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Slander of Catholic Church 
Who started it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-13 13:42:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers mentioned in CDA decision 
This statute's language pretty much forces DOJ to appeal, even if they think
the law sucks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-16 14:52:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: alpha.c2.org in deep shit? 
Your postmaster probably got it too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-06-25 12:54:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Building the 21st Century Enterprise" 
I just got a piece of junk snail with these words on it. It's an ad for
"Financial Technology World Conference 1996". Highlight:
Luncheon Speaker, September 17, 12:30-1:30 pm
Dr. Nathaniel Borenstein
Chief Scientist
First Virtual Holdings, Inc
As Chief Scientist of First Vortual Holdings, Nathaniel Borenstein created
the first operational Internet payment system.
It includes his picture. What can I say... I wouldn't buy a falafel in the
street from this guy. :-)
The conference is run my Miller Freeman, (212) 615-2765.
I considered coming to heckle him, until I saw that this isn't even free:
CONFERENCE FEES
Fee is $795 per person...
I suppose the audience will be limited to the people willing to pay lots
of money to listen to Dr. Nathaniel.
Very amused,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-03 00:07:14
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Learning about Cryptography 
A number of people on this list will shout in unison, Schneier!, and they'll
probably be wrong.
For an absolute beginnger I'd suggest Abraham Sinkov, Elementary
Cryptanalysis, MAA: New mathematical library, ISBN 0-888385-622-0,
and Lawrence Dwight Smith, Cryptography, Dover, ISBN 0-486-20247-x.
If you want to learn more about the history of the field, try to
get the hardcover (unabridged) edition of David Kahn's _Codebreakers_.
(It might be a worthwhile project on run Kahn's book through an OCR
and to place it on Internet. :-)
If you want to understand the communication theory that underlies
modern cryptography, check out Dominic Welsh, Codes and Cryptography,
Oxford, ISBN 0-19-853287-3.
If you're teaching an undergraduate C course and are looking for examples
of badly written C code, then get Schneier's book. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-04 05:26:58
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Duress 
As a side remark, every burglar alarm connected to a phone that I've ever seen
has this feature: a code that one can type under duress that will both turn
off the alarm and call for help. I wonder how many users will remember this
code when under duress.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-04 12:00:59
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Mainstreaming PGP on Usenet 
Igor Chudov, who coded the robomoderator, reads Cypherpunks, and
is known to appreciate and use good suggestions.
One issue that hasn't been addressed by the s.c.r.m robomod is the
possibility of persistent nyms: that is, Alice D. Nonymous somehow makes
her public key known to the robomod; and later if someone submits an article
via some anon remailer claiming to be hers, it would be rejected if the
signature doesn't check. Of course, her true submissions would be accepted
from any remailer. How could such protocol be implemented?
(Of course, some people have what they believe to be valid reasons not
to use PGP.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-04 13:50:01
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Mainstreaming PGP on Usenet 
All moderated newsgroups should use it.
However the robomoderator that Igor Chudov wrote uses digital signatures to
authenticate _posters as follows: there's a "white list" (as opposed to "black
list") of trusted posters whose submissions will be approved and posted
automatically, without going through any moderator. A person on the "white
list" can request that the robomod check his signature and not post it if the
submission may be a forged e-mail. I strongly urged Igor to make digital
signatures mandatory for "white list" membership, but he argued that a lot of
likely posters lack the brains to use PGP. The robomod will look at things like
"Received" lines in the e-mailed submission to try and detect forgeries.
While at it, here's a pre-filled ballot. Just add your name and e-mail it
to russian-vote at netagw.com.
===== BEGINNING OF BALLOT: Delete everything BEFORE this line =====
===== END OF BALLOT: Delete everything AFTER this line ============
Vote YES to see how a robomoderator that uses PGP works out.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-05 07:41:45
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: (Fwd) White House mail bomb protest? 
I used to correspond with JMS a while back.  He's a cool dude.  Funny that
he'd be doing something for Klinton now.
I'm sure that if JMS put up a piece of software, it's hard to circumvent.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-05 13:08:28
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Mainstreaming PGP on Usenet 
On the contrary, I was thinking of a situation when a person is posting through
an anonymous remailer, yet wishes to establish a persistent nym that can't be
impersonated. E.g., someone may submit articles via remailers (different every
time) and have a signature 'Alice D. N.'; what's to prevent someone else from
submitting an article and also signing it 'Alice D. N.'?
I was thinking of allowing the user to add a 'From: ' in the first
paragraph of the PGP-signed block. To establish the nym, Alice would first
post her public key under the name of Alice; then she would post things like

@_date: 1996-03-05 17:00:49
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Bills 
Well, his address is markoff at nyt.com and he does read his e-mail.
I wonder if he's on this list?  Probably not, too much noise. :-)
(I also spoke to him on the phone a few times some years ago, but
have no idea what his # is.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-06 15:47:39
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Anonymous Web Browsing 
Little cryptographic relevance...
I heard they have many more people using their system than it can handle,
so the response time is really bad.
Also several people complained that they tried to cancel a netcom account
and netcom kept on billing their credit card.
(I'd never deal with an ISP who doesn't accept checks or money orders.
And I mean checks, not automatic withdrawals from a checking account.)
dhp.com has been recommended to me as an ISP that respects its users privacy.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-08 01:36:59
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: NYT on Crypto Bills 
Yes - the Markoff quote is factually incorrect.  I'm sure he knows better
than this.  Must be the Times editing.
What he probably meant (and perhaps wrote) was that the cyphers used in
business for centuries could be broken by governments. This started
changing only after WW I. Wasn't the Enigma marketed to businesses?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-10 14:26:52
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: rhetorical trickery 
Did this really happen? I've never seen any concrete references to this
incident and strongly suspect it's another urban legend.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-11 00:10:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Petty Civil Disobedience 
That's a good idea for a civil disobedience campaign: get a picture you
like from alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.*, shrink it to 20K or 30K, and
make it available on your homepage as ObCDA. Everybody who's got a home
page should display one. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-13 16:07:11
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: How's that again? 
"Cypherpunk" is not a trademarked name. I've seen people say on this list
(paraphrased) "I'm a cypherpunk, and I oppose unrestricted free speech
because we must silence {homophobes}child pornographers|terrorists}" or
"I'm hosting a cypherpunks meeting and X will not be permitted to come
because I don't like his political views". I like reading this list, but
if these views are compatible with being a cypherpunk, then I'm not one.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-16 10:14:25
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Tim's friend's mildly retarded son 
This is not true. Today it costs hundreds of millions of dollars to bring a new
drug to the U.S. market. I speak from personal experience: my late mother used
to use Rowatinex to relieve kidney symptoms. It's widely available in Europe,
but the Irish manufacturer doesn't want to tell it here because the cost of
getting an FDA approval would be more than what they would make selling it.
Hence, it had to be smuggled in. :-)
Many over-the-counter drugs that became popular before the FDA probably could't
be brought to the market now.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-18 08:11:07
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: M$ CryptoAPI Question 
I wonder if it's worth it to crack their approval mechanism so we can
add our own crypto subsystems without asking Microsoft's approval.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-19 23:36:44
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
First, this has no crypto relevance -- please take this thread elsewhere.
Second, there were well-documented and partially successful attempts to
pull Gannon's plug.
Third, plug-pulling is fascism.
Now go away.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-23 23:32:51
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Cancel-proof archives (Was: Excluding articles from DejaNews) 
Dave Hayes's definition of a "Site of Virtue" includes not honoring cancels and
rmgroups and certain other things. Check out Dave's site: jetcafe.org.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-28 04:21:55
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
Tim (and others) miss out the pleasure of using an exotic language in the
presense of people who won't understand it.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-30 05:31:04
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
Likewise, Tim says there's no value in learning about "traditional" crypto.
I say there is.
There's a value in convinving a child to learn a second language (at least 1)
or history or geometry: it improves his/her thinking process in general.
Sure beats baseball (one of the things I dislike most about the U.S.)
As someone pointed out, most monolingual Americans can't use English properly.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-30 19:16:53
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Reposted from Usenet: Freedom Knights 
These two Usenet articles have little crypto relevance (one sentense that
I put in). Still, those who believe in free speech should be interested.
Newsgroups: news.admin.censorship,news.admin.misc,news.admin.policy,news.admin.net-abuse.announce,alt.culture.usenet
Organization: JetCafe - A Non-Profit Internet Service Provider
Lines: 454
Sender: dave at kachina.jetcafe.org
Approved: dave at jetcafe.org
Distribution: world
Expires: 27 Apr 96 04:53:59
Reply-To: freedom-knights at jetcafe.org (Freedom Knights of Usenet)
NNTP-Posting-Host: kachina.jetcafe.org

@_date: 1996-03-31 01:46:13
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
Thank you for the compliment.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-31 02:09:35
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
No, I think both of Tim's statements illustrate the typical Americans disdain
for learning for knowledge's sake and the (still amazing to me) ability to
express pride in their ignorance. Most Americans lack the motivation to learn
a foreign language (or even their native language), or to learn what great
naval battles of WW II were won because certain codes were broken, or how to
prove that two triangles are congruent, or how to break a substitution cypher,
since this knowledge won't bring immediate monetary rewards. It's as if though
their challenge is to go through life learning as little as they can get away
with (other than obscure sports statistics).
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-31 06:39:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The limits of my patience. 
Consider the above in context. Would you be willing to run the ovens/gas
chambers if you were exterminating U.S. government employees/contractors?
"The final solution to the IRS/BATF problem." :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:01:50
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
Why do you suppose people study Latin or Sanskrit or classical Greek?
It's interesting to note that while Tim speaks Spanish to gardeners,
James speaks Spanish to whores. Can't blame him, considering what
American women must be like where he lives. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:02:11
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
This whole discussion of whether any of these laws will mean anything and which
bill deserves to be supported reminds me of the following story:
Once upon a time, the Tsar of Russia announced that he will hold elections to a
State Duma (parliament). Some Bolsheviks suggested that they should get their
candidates elected and try to introduce certain reform legislation. Others
suggested that the elections were a sham, they shouldn't waste their resources
taking part in them. Lenin said that both sides were wrong. The Duma was a sham
and they had no chance to pass any reform legislation. However they could use
the campaign process to get their message to the masses, and they could flame
the Tsar in the Duma if any of their candidates were elected. Of course,
everything that Lenin predicted came to pass. The Bolsheviks were able to
campaign and get some candidates elected, and they were able to say bad things
about the Tsar. However as soon as some non-Bolshevik left-wingers in the Duma
tried to pass some reform legislation, the Tsar disbanded it and had another
election, banning all potentially disloyal candidates from running.
And another story in the same vein: once a Chassidic businesman came to a rabbi
and asked the following question: "Rebbe, I'm about to get audited by the IRS.
Should I wear a business suit, so they'll think I'm a respectable person, or
should I wear rags, so they'll think I'm poor and can pay them nothing?"
Before the rabbi could answer, a young woman ran in and asked the following
question: "Rebbe, today I'm getting married. [Recall that in some societies
there's not supposed to be any sex before marriage.] On my wedding night,
should I go to bed wearing a nightgown or nothing?"
The rabbi said to the woman: "No matter how you dress, you'll get screwed."
And to the businessman: "And by the way, this also answers your question."
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:22:46
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The limits of my patience. 
Finally, Lance blew his nym.
So, do you think that I'm Jim Bell's tentacle or that he's my tentacle?
And what if you were "processing" U.S. Congressmen?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-04-01 00:05:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
[Quoting James, who wrote the knowledge of a foreign language is primarily
useful for talking to whores]
Consider the crypto implications: James's whores can compare notes and discuss
right in front of him the size of his reproductive organs and the time it takes
him to ejaculate, and he won't understand what they're talking about. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-02 15:18:03
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
(No cryptorelevance, but neither is anything else on this list anymore)
My recollection is that when IBM first started selling IBM PC, they offered
a choice of (at least) 3 operating systems right from the start: UCSD p-system,
CP/M-86 or PC-DOS.  IBM didn't do anything to prompte PC-DOS over the other
two. It won fair and square in the marketplace because the other two were
even worse crap. (Later versions of CP/M-86 got much better.)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-07 18:13:59
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: UK IP Censorship 
UUNET in the US also blocks Usenet newsgroups it doesn't like.  They're real
unethical and dishonorable scumbags. Should we invent a protocol to encrypt the
Newsgroups: header and hide the newsgroups that David Lawrence (spit) censors?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-09 16:58:23
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Internet/Obscenity Legal Gathering in NYC 
I haven't seen this announcement reposted to this mailing list, and I think
it's of sufficient interest to warrant reposting:
Newsgroups: misc.legal,alt.censorship,misc.legal.moderated,talk.politics,alt.privacy
Announcement: Free Program On Net Censorship
in New York City, May 22 at 7:30 P.M.
THE FIRST AMENDMENT IN CYBERSPACE:  Regulating the On-Line
Dissemination of "Indecent Material"
This program will address the issue of the First Amendment as
applied to the Internet and On-line services.  Special focus
will be given to the new federal law which is intended to
regulate the dissemination of "Indecent Material" via these
The Association of the Bar of the City of New York
42 W 44TH Street, New York, New York (Bet. 5th and 6th Avenues)
(212) 382-6600
Wednesday, May 22, 1996, 7:30 till 9 P.M.
CHARLES R. NESSON
Weld Professor of Law, Harvard law School
ROBERT FLORES
Senior Trial Attorney, Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section, U.S. Department of Justice
MICHAEL GODWIN
General Counsel, Electronic Frontier Foundation
STEPHEN M. HEATON
General Counsel, Compuserve, Inc.
NORMAN REDLICH
Wachtell, Lipton Rosen & Katz, former Dean,
New York University School of Law
BRUCE TAYLOR
President and Chief Counsel, National Center for
Children and Families
Co-sponsored by:
Committee on Computer Law, Joseph P. Zammit, Chair
Committee on Lectures and Continuing Education,
  Normal L. Green, Chair
Members of the Association, their guests and all other
interested persons are invited to attend.
No fees or reservations are required.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-12 09:32:44
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: distinctive properties of ecash, netbill, cybercash and iKP 
Well, checking accounts and travellers checks are all part of the M1
money supply. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-19 05:38:43
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
So, add the code to mixmaster (and even the old style remailers) to
collect e-cash as it passes on the anonymous message. Then this will
be a good way to accumulate some e-cash, and a number of people will
try running remailers for this very purpose. Witness the recent
Usenet spam by someone advertizing a for-pay remailer.
Nor should there be.  What's one person's abuse is another person's
free speech.  Internet traffic should not be censored based on contents.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-19 11:55:00
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Having exchanged e-mail in the past with Lance Deitweller, I have to conclude
that Vladimir Z. Nuri is NOT Lance, since Lance is actually pretty sharp.
One of the reasons why I don't like Sovoks is that when they're at loss for
words, they resort to name-calling. Your rants hardly deserve any response
other than *plonk*, and you have the gall to bitch that it's "shallow"?
Just watch me ignore it, just as my site ignores all cancels.
Not for me.  Not for most sysadmins or readers who have better things to
do than worry that someone posted something inappropriate to Usenet.
Read Dave Hayes's FAQ.
I said: "Internet traffic should not be censored BASED ON CONTENTS." If the
above actually casued my site problems based on the volume, it would result
in reprecussions for the perpetrator, irrespective of contents.
All of the so-called "spam" combined is a miniscule percentage of Usenet
traffic, less than almost any single alt.binaries. newsgroup.  It can
be easily ignored using a newsreader that processes NoCeM's.
I.e., not a problem, except for some anal-retentive control freaks longing
for their beloved Soviet Union, and their ilk on news.admin.net-abuse.*.
I'm a news admin.  You're not and you don't know what you're talking about.
You have a problem with other people saying something that you can't
control.  With this attitude, I suggest you limit your reading to
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-19 23:01:31
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Blanc: Bruce is a twit.
(The AIDS virus has eaten to much of his brain that he can't remember
who's who. Very funny. :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-20 01:48:50
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Please refrain from posting your shit to the cypherpunks mailing list.
You misspelled "impotent".  Now go away.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:29:22
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Toastmasters? 
You seem to be confused. If the corporation isn't publicly traded, why should
any information other than the address for service of process be public?
What if the corporation intends to collect e-cash for operating the remailer?
(Of course, one can still be sued...)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-21 18:32:33
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Assassination politics 
So, how would I go about betting that a certain AIDS patient in Seattle
area won't have his legs broken? :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-23 12:26:24
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: the system CAN work 
So why are you here? Go back to Sovok and improve the government there.
(I know, you like American welfare :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-24 00:04:35
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: the system CAN work 
You mean to filter out Sovoks like the nuriweiller?
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-24 17:05:42
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [AP] [NOISE] Re: PROPOSAL 
I think they're both having fun, as am I.
Objection. talk.politics.assassination is already available on some Usenet
servers. The propagation is appropriate. No new newsgroups are necessary.
Tell the nuriweiller Sovok to take his crituque of AP there.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-27 02:58:20
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Remailers - What exists? 
Does it mean it runs on NT or W95 or OS/2 or Mac or VAX/VMS?
(E-mail me for the Usenet cancelbot that does :-)
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-05-30 11:07:56
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: [crypto] crypto-protocols for trading card games 
It's interesting to note that
a) All previous versions of MS Windows starting I think with the beta .9
which I first saw included Reversi (Othello), a much more intellectual game.
b) IBM OS/2 comes with a pile of games, including a much nicer solitaire,
chess, a game where you have to catch a cat with your mouse, etc.
Ostensibly, they're there to train users to use the mouse interface.
E.g., Solitaire teaches users to drag and drop.
Dr. Dimitri Vulis
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-01 11:26:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: perrygram 
What is the cryptographic relevance of the above-quoted piece?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-03 12:30:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Thank you, John Gilmore, for protecting freedom of speech against Dr. Dmitri 
Such as someone being an effeminate long-haired limp-wristed bitch... :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-04 08:12:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis 
I recall we've been through this over a year ago, when I saw an announcement
of a cypherpunks physical meeting where someone was excluded for his political
views, and I said that I don't consider myself a cypherpunk. I'm glad that
John and Bill, the auhorities on cypherpunk membership, finally concur.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-04 18:13:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
[This was sent directly to me, but apparently cc's to c-punks as well]
Let's not confuse strict regulation with arbitrary and capricious plug-pulling.
If the rules say something like, "Whoever incites an ethnic flame war*, or
a religious flame war**, or posts long diatribes that have nothing to do with
cryptoanarchy***, shall be kicked off the mailing list", then they don't seem
to apply to everyone who violates them.
* E.g. by calling multiple posters "crazy Russians"
** E.g. by attacking the poor hapless mormons :-)
*** E.g. by ranting about third-world debt
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-04 18:13:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Censorship of Dr. Vulius 
I won, but you misspelled my name. Yes, John Gilmore has complete destroyed
his credibility together with whatever goodwill I personally had toward him
- a pity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-04 18:15:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Now that's a good point. The First Amendment says "The Congress shall pass
no law..." Doesn't that restrict the Congress's rights as a whole, and each
member's right to vote for bills that violate the Amendment? In GB, they
_generally frown on any restrictions on what laws the Parliament can pass -
the adage is "the Parliament's hands shall not be tied".
Does saying "The list owner should not kick people off the list for speech"
violate the list owner's right to free speech? That depends on whether plug-
pulling (and mailbombing and ping-storming and other obnoxious behavior)
is speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-04 19:18:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] If the shoe fits, wear it 
That's essentially correct. Apparently he a) unsubscribed me from the
list, b) instructed his Majordomo at toad.com not to respond to _any requests
from me, including "who" or "help". It might have been more polite to
instruct the Majordomo to say something like "I'm ignoring your requests
per the owner's instructions" rather than just play dead.
I recall that a couple of weeks ago Timmy May (fart) reported that someone
had forged an unsubscription request from me in _his name, which didn't work.
It took me very little time to realize what happened. I might or might
not have used that time more productively. I view John's rude actions
as those of a small-time petty bitch - a minor nuisance. It might have
been a bigger nuisance for someone less clueful.
I've pointed out already that apparently John is not, so far, filtering out my
submissions to the c-punks list. However I'd like to take exception with the
two claims made in the articles cc'd to me so far:
A that only governments can censor;
B that post-factum punishment for "inappropriate" speech is not censorship.
As to A, I'll quote the fat "Webster's 20 Century dictionary":
Censor, n. {l. censor, from censere, to tax, value, judge.]
1. One of the magistrates in Ancient Rome whose business was to draw up a
register of the citizens and the amount of their property, for the purposes of
taxation, and to keep watch over the morals of the citizens, for which purpose
they had power to censure vice and immorality by inflicting a public mark of
ignominy on the offender.
2. any supervisor of public morals; a person who tells people how to behave.
3. a person whose task is to examine literature, motion pictures, etc., and to
remove or prohibit anything considered unsuitable.
4. an official or military officer who reads publications, mail, etc. to remove
any information that might be useful to the enemy.
5. one who censures, blasmes, or reproved; one who is given to censure; any
faultfinder or adverse critic.
6. In English colleges and universities, an official appointed to keep the
register of all who attend, to mark those who are absent each day on meeting,
to report faults, etc.
7. in psychoanalysis, censorship.
(I guess the Internet falls under 'etc'.) I don't see working for the state
as part of the definition, except for  nor the prior restraint.
If I may adduce a recent example from New York City: ABC owns a radio station,
appropriately called WABC. It used to have a collection of popular talk radio
hosts. _Weeks after Disney bought ABC, it fired two (that I know of)
contraversial hosts that were not compatible with Disney's family-oriented
image: Alan Derschowitz (a liberal Harvard law school professor) and Bill Grant
(a right-winger, who immediately got a job with WOR, a New Jersey station).
Certainly Disney owned WABC and was within its rights to censor it. Likewise
John Gilmore is within his rights to destroy his own credibility and to expose
his own hypocricy. It's really a pity, since I used to respect him.
As to B, nowhere is censorship limited to prior restraint. This fallacy
reminds me of the old political joke: Any Chinaman is free to demonstrate on
Tiananmen Square and shout "Fuck Mao", but he may not remain free afterwards.
P.S. Thanks, Bill, for spelling my name correctly.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-05 04:28:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks [RANT] 
Definitely - the list owner has the right to practice censorship on his list,
just like Tim May (fart) has the right to post lies and personal attacks on
this list. It just destroys their credibility.
Not surprising - "ibertarians" like censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-05 13:42:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis please read this. 
Thank you, Scott, for your advice, which reminds me of the following story:
One day the Germans were about to shoot two Jews, named Abram and Moisha. The Germans offered the Jews blindfolds. Abram bravely declined, to which
Moisha said: "Take it, Abram, don't make trouble!"
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-05 23:00:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Censorship of Dr. Vulius 
I wholeheartedly concur. I happen to own a lot of books. I disagree with a lot
that's said in those books. I have the right to burn my books, but I don't. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 04:59:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
A very good observation. The 'net needs John Gilmore and Chris Lewis
to protect the newbies from the unsuitable writings of Dr. Dimitri Vulis,
from commercial ads, and from strong crypto in civilian hands. :-)
What do you think about the following conjecture: "cypherpunks" was a
troll, set up to waste the time of the crypto-clueful people who might
otherwise develop good free crypto software.
It's appropriate for the list owner to do almost anything he likes with his
mailing list: shut it down, unsubscribe people from it, filter out certain
people s/he doesn't like, to cause unsubscription instructions to be appended
to every broadcast article (some lists do that), to cause special disclaimers
to be appended to certain perople's submissions, etc. However subscribing
people to a mailing list without their asking for it has been viewed as
net-abuse for many years, a variant of sending out unsolicited e-mail.
A list owner _often has to unsubscribe addresses that have ceased to exist,
whose former owners hadn't bothered to unsubscribe, and whose e-mail bounces
back to the owner. I think John's actions should be viewed not in the
framework of his propoerty rights (no one argues with those, I hope), but
in terms of his credibility - of which he has none left.
An excellet suggestion! John certainly has the right to do this on the
mailing list he owns. I also believe that a woman owns her body and
that prostitution should be decriminalized. A whore should have the right
to stand on a streetcorner with a big sign saying "Let me suck your cock
for $10". I have the right to respect her more than John.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 08:20:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Censorship of Dr. Vulius 
Will someone please teach Uni how to use procmail or a similar program to
filter out my politically incorrect rants?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 08:24:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
I'm slightly offended by this.  What if someone were to post the entire text
of the _Pink _Swastika to this mailing list, in 40K chunks, with the subject
header "John Gilmore and Hitler's rise to power"? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 08:25:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Unfortunately, such actions would be consistent with John's other recent
acts of censorship.  I find it regrettable, since I used to have a lot of
respect for him.
But of course he's within his rights to ruin his own credibility.
As for "racist", I think this label is more applicable not to me, but to
the individual who characterized a group of (then) subscribers to this
list as "crazy Russians".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 08:30:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Censorship of Dr. Vulius 
John has the right to practice censorship on his mailing list, and he's just
exercised his right. He also has the right to burn all the books he owns.
Someone mentioned the speech codes at private universities as examples of censorship. Again, they have the right to do that, and they may or may not
jeopardise their credibility. As Alan Derschowitz pointed out, when Harvard
claims to be a bastiod of academic freedom while at the same time outlawing
"politically correct" speech, it's neither a criminal act nor a tort, they
simply lose their credibility. Likewise Brigham Young University claims to
follow the teachings of ASmith & Young, not John Stuart Mills. They would
damage their credibility if they did _not restrict certain kinds of speech
and activities, such as gay-and-lesbian organizations paid for with student
activity fees.
BYU's words and actions are consistent, while John Gilmore's are not.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 11:50:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis 
I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for John Gilmore to unsubscrive[sic]
himself for intellectual dishonesty... :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-06 13:51:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship and intellectual dishonesty 
This isn't true, Phil.  Whatever gave you this impression?
Are you confusing me with Timmy May (fart) by any chance?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-07 08:18:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
You are required to suffer fools in order to maintain any sort of
credibility as the proponent of free speech.  John Gilmore has managed
to destroy his credibility.
Of course he's not required to maintain his credibility and is free to
destroy it in any way he wants to.
Nobody's trying to interfere with John Gilmore's right to practice censorship
on his private mailing list.
But to deny that he's engaging in censorship is disingenuous.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-07 11:31:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] [philosophypunks] [Vulis] Mills & Hallam-Baker 
of course I'm right.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-07 11:34:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Vulis profile 
That's right. alt.sex.plushies is for people who have sex with plushy animals.
(My 4 cross-posts were actually a part of the thread about the censors who
forge cancels for articles in a.s.p that they consider off-topic. As you see,
the cypherpunks mailing list is not the only forum being censored.)
That was my only interest in a.s.p. Why, does Timmy May (fart) have sex with
plushy animals in addition to his two cats?  How disgusting.,
Mark, I found Misha Verbitsky'd writing about me very amusing.  As long as
one realizes that he's making it all up, it's very funny. He has more stuff
as his Harvard site, about Alex Thurston and Rabbi Shlomo Ruthenberh who he
claims are my tentacles. Check it out.
(But when someone is stupid enough to run around citing a work of fiction as
if it were true, the way Timmy May (fart) does, that person is clearly an idio
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-08 05:00:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Vulis now on the "Don't Hire" list 
[Cc:'d to John "deep pockets" Gilmore, who approves of and assumes liability
for Timmy's posts on John's private mailing list. ]
Too bad for the Silicon Valley. :-) But I couldn't be hired by Cygnus
anyway because I'm straight.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 05:50:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Vulis on the remailers 
I'm not sending anything via any remailers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 05:51:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] If the shoe fits, wear it [VULIS] 
If you use procmail to filter out whatever I say, then it may seem to you that
I've gone away. But that's not what the "libertarians" want - e.g. the lying
shyster from Florida, with the Harry Browne plug in his signature, wrote that
he already killfiled me, but wants me silenced so others can't read me either.
Evidently Timmy May would like very much to continue posting lies about me
and his other "enemies" on this list without our being able to refute them.
You sure come down hard on John Gilmore. :-)
You may know something that I don't know for a fact, and I would appreciate
an explanation from you:
First, John tried to ban me from the list in a sneaky manner, as befits a
small-time petty blonde bitch. He did not tell me that deleted my address
from the mailing list and instructed majordomo to "play dead" in response
to any requests from me. I just assumed that toad.com was down; it took me
a little while to figure out John's sneaky games, at which point I posted
a note about that to c-punks. Timmy May immediately posted a denial. John
Gilmore's public admission of his censorship only came days later.
Second, how do you know that I was the only person so censored? I may well
be the only person tenacious enough to stick around afterwards and to expose
John Gilmore's hypocricy and total lack of credibility, but I recall a few
incidents when other high-profile posters suddenly disappeared right in the
middle of conversation without even saying goodbye. Names like Fred Cohen,
"high crime" and David Sternlight come to mind... Did John Gilmore silence
them or others whose writings he didn't like the way to tried to silence me?
You're definitely wrong about the "announcing" bit, but I'd appreciate any
evidence that I was the "only" person censored on this list as you claim.
Yes, and how do you know how many times John Gilmore exercised his right?
I sure don't, and would like to know.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 13:30:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No More 
Try pointing out that Timmy May is a lying bully, and you'll be unsubscribed
in no time. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 17:10:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Announcement] Cypherpunks Shooting Club 
I vote for the cypherpunk censors and their obsequitous lackeys.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 20:30:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: His and Her Anarchies 
"Timothy C. May"  rants:
                                             ^^
Now the cypherpunk crackpot is into reincarnation? He thinks he was
Pancho Villa in a former life? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 20:30:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pseudo-law on the list and libel (fwd) 
That depends. To Timmy May, "normal operations" of this mailing list means
his being able to post lies, fabrications, and personal attacks, and his
victims not being able to respond and to call him a liar that he is. To refute
Timmy's lies and to expose him as a forger is therefore "disruptive".
I again refer you to the false complaint sent by the lying shyster from
Florida to postmaster at bwalk.dm.com. The self-described libertarian said
he already killfiled me but wanted me silenced anyway.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-09 20:32:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Linux-IPSEC mailing list for the S/WAN project 
Moral: John Gilmore can't be trusted.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 06:35:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Black Unicorn exposed? 
I did some (very perfunctory searching in some engines and it seems that
_von_ Bernhardt is an extremely unlikely name. I did find a guy named
Rudolf Bernhardt who writes in international law, and a lawyer named
Stephen Bernhardt in Hamburg (?I forgot I already :-). It sounds like
another pseudonym.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 06:36:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy 
It's probably true not only in Colorado.
Yes - it's ironic that a coward like John Gilmore stays in San Francisco
where he exposes himself to both AIDS and earthquakes.
Does anyone have the e-mail address or a snail mail address for judge
Kozinski? I'd like to send him Jim Ray's false complaint to postmaster at bwalk
with my comments.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 11:50:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: exclusion/censorship and the law (fwd) 
I'm very grateful to Jim Choate for all his traffic in support of my freedom
of speech, but the above isn't quite right. So far I've been able to submit
posts and have them broadcast to the list. That doesn't mean that I'm welcome
to do that (I think John Gilmore made it perfectly clear that I'm not by
censoring me) but he hasn't technically prevented me from doing that.
John Gilmore has the right and the technical ability, but probably not the
balls to censor me further. He has no credibility to lose.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 14:10:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pyramid schemes and cryptoanarchy 
I once received a paper version of the Craig Shergold spam (i.e. a
solicitation of business cards to be sent to the dying boy without any
computer networks being involved) and became curious and looked into why
people spread these memes. It turned out that there's a substantial number
of people involved in marketing/public relations who sort of stay in touch
by forwarding these memes, good luck chain letters, multi-level marketing/
pyramid schemes etc to each other. The MMF spam we see on the net is a
vague echo of the MMF spam moving around USPS, with real cash. Fortunately
most folks involved in this have been too clueless to use the 'net or we'd
see a lot more of it. I suppose if it ever becomes cost-effective to use
digital cash and the Internet for MMF, they'll do it. Thus far putting
MMF on the 'net generally results in the loss of any accounts mentioned
in the spam, so getting cash via USPS is much more effective.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 14:20:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pyramid Schemes 
Surprisingly, I agree with Timmy on this one. MLM's/pyramid schemes fit
so well into the general American stupidity and the belief in getting
something for nothing.
I think the following would be a worthwhile cypherpunks project: design the
anonymous infrastructure to allow those who wants to participate in MMF-like
pyramid schemes on the Internet to do so without bothering anyone.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 14:23:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mailing list liability (fwd) 
The fact remains that John Gilmore has "punished" me for speech that he didn't
like by unsubscribing me from both cypherpunks and coderpunks mailing lists and
by instructing majordomo to "play dead" in response to any requests from me.
That's rude; that's sneaky; that's censorship; that's John's right.
I am not a lawyer, but I hope that if and when someone gets sued over something
posted to this mailing list, John "deep pockets" Gilmore is named a codefendant
and is unable to convince anyone of his common carrier status.
(I remind the lawsuit-happy audience that John Gilmore was the fifth employee
of Sun Micro and was given some equity in the company, which after the IPO
became worth millions of dollars.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 16:51:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Linux-IPSEC mailing list for the S/WAN project 
Yeah, right. Be sure to ask Paul Bradley to implement his brute force
attack on one-time pads. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-10 21:40:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rarity: Crypto question enclosed 
Are you sure this is on-topic for John Gilmore's private mailing list?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 07:02:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: FUCK ME HARD 
^^^
Who's "NME"? Let me guess... Another one of Timmy May's nyms? Another forgery?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 07:03:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sifting data; looking for "strong crypto" 
No - it's very much not random in the sense that given just a few bytes one
often has a pretty good idea of what the next byte would be.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 07:04:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GAK? 
It stands for "arbitrary plug-pulling and content-based censorship" as
practiced by Timmy May (fart) and John Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 07:09:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pyramid Schemes 
In depends on what you mean by "work". If you're asking whether MMFs result in
substantial amounts of money being sent to the originators, the answer is, I
don't know for sure, but I doubt it very much. (I've never tried it myself but
I interviewed a couple of people who did, for the research I did a few years
ago.) Similar MLM schemes (such as Amway or Herbalife) seem to result in
substantial profits for the owners/folks at the top of the pyramid, and losses
to most people who join later, as the theory would predict. So why do so many
people stay in programs like Amway despite their financial losses?
In my opinion, _all memetic communications work very well not as a scheme for
making money, but in the sense that people in the professions that involve
person-to-person networking (such as public relations, recruiting, real estate
and other sales) use them as a pretext to remind their business contacts of
their existence. E.g. a headhunter might pass on copies of the Craig Shergold
appeal to hundreds of potential recruits, with a note on his letterhead saying
"I'm passing this on on behalf of the dying boy". Moreover he'd probably pass
along photocopies of half a dozen letterheads from the chain of people who
passed the memetic letter along to him. Most recipients reaction can be
summarised as "What a nice person, what a good deed he's doing, do I need a
headhunter now"?
And by the way the reaction of the vast majority of Americans to a MMF snail
letter is "I'm so grateful to the sender for passing along this business /
networking opportunity." :-) which is why they're spread so eagerly by high
school kids in search of popularity.
I'm convinced that the good-luck chain letters (which just ask for the letter
to be passed along, with no money changing hands) and the various MMF variants
and MLM schemes are more about making/maintaining contacts than about money.
Likewise most Amway/Herbalife peddlers lose money but gain the satisfaction of
personal contact with the purchasers (which could be used for something else)
and also the sales experience that they can later use to sell something else.
How would Internet memetics be affected by wider availability of anonymity?
We observe that snail mail anonymity is available now, but is apparently
seldom used for memetics distribution. In the running example the p.r. person
already has the ability to make hundreds of photocopies of the Craig Shergold
letter and to snail-mail them to everyone s/he knows with no return address on
the envelope and the cover letter. I've never come across such behavior, which
is consistent with my belief that the sender is really interested in
distributing his/her letterhead more than in distributing the memetic letter.
When John Doe multi-posts the Craig Shergold's letter to thousands of Usenet
newsgroups (as was done again a few weeks ago), s/he's more interested in
splattering his own name around than in getting postcards/business cards to
the dying boy. (Of course the poster's intent is to be widely seen as someone
doing a good deed on behalf of Craig Shergold; instead he loses his Internet
account and is widely viewed as a clueless spammer. Such is life. :-)
At present someone could (ab)use the remailers to post anonymous Craig Shergold
appeals on Usenet and on various mailing lists. I believe that one of the
reasons why this has never been done (as far as I know) is because this would
deprive the poster of the satisfaction of having his own name splattered all
over the network.
MMFs are a slightly different story because the poster can't get money from the
"downline" without revealing some contact address to send the money to. Out of
curisority, I looked at several different MMF spams that came this way; in many
cases the sender's e-mail address is crudely forged; the money is requested to
be sent to a postal address that's often a P.O.Box; and the name associated
with the postal address is often missing, obviously phoney, or just has the
initials. There's clearly interested in anonymity on the part of MMF posters.

@_date: 1996-11-11 08:00:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis 
Is this anything new? As if you didn't know Alan Olsen, John Gilmore, Jim Ray,
and their ilk are just a bunch of hypocritical dishonest censorous shmucks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 08:02:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pyramid Schemes 
Methinks, you underestimate the stupidity of the average American. :-)
Well - I definitely would not trust such a scheme and wouldn't take part in it.
I suppose if a scheme like this were actually implemented, some people would
be dumb enough to take is seriously and lose some (digital) money; therefore
someone would gain whatever money they've lost, as it happens in all zero-sum
games. However I've been talking about designing a scheme, not implementing it.
If there are students on this mailing list in need of an interesting crypto
project, this is one good idea, IMO.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 11:37:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Money-making ideas for Igor Chudov 
For shame! Igor Chewed-off disgraces his Chewish Mommy by even asking. Isn't
propensity for "gesheft" genetic? Here's another money-making idea for Igor:
Igor obtains a list of e-mail addresses of people interested in equity-related
investments (e.g. by watching misc.invest.* and sending the posters / those who
voted for their creation unsolicited e-mail; or by posting anonymous ads,
inviting the readers to reply to a reply block in order to receive 3 free
promotional issues of an investment advice newsletter; or even by starting up
his own private financial derivatives mailing list). Igor divides the mailing
list into 2^3=8 parts, and gives them exotic Russian-sounding names: Aleksej,
Boris, Vasilij, Grigorij, Dmitrij, Elena, Zhenja, Zoya.
Igor then uses an anonymous remailer to spam everyone on his mailing list with
the 8 variants of the following message: "Congratulations! You have won 3 free
issued of the _Boris Investment Newsletter, published in Tulsa, Oklahoma, by a
proud holder of a Master's Degree in Financial Engineering from the Moscow
State University. I predict that within the next month Adobe stock will go up."
Instead of "Boris", Igor will substitute one of the 8 newsletter names; instead
of Adobe, he can use any volatile stock that's as likely to go up as down; and
the predicted stock price movement will be "up" in the first four newsletters
and "down" in the other four.
One month later the stock in question is either up or down. Without loss of
generality, suppose that it's gone down. Aleksej, Boris, Vasilij, and
Grigorij's investment advice was wrong, they disappear from the face of the
earth, and the former recipients of their newsletters don't get bothered any
more. (Or they could be recycled for future scams; or they could be send the
remaining 2 issues of worthless advice, as promised.) On the other hand
Dmitrij, Elena, Zhenja, and Zoya guessed right, so this time they send out a
new investment newsletter via the anonymous remailers:
"Congratulations! You continue to receive the free investment advice newsletter
from Zoya in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Last month I correctly predicted that Adobe will
have gone down. If you're smart, you've shorted Adobe's stock and made lots of
money by now. This month I predict that Cisco will go _down as well."
Again, Dmitrij and Elena predict that some other volatile stock goes up, while
Zhenja and Zoya predict that it goes down. Suppose D&E are right. Igor leaves
the Zh.&Z. partitions alone. One month later D&E's subscribers get letter "Congratulations! You continue to receive the free investment advice newsletter
from Elena in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Two months ago I predicted that Adobe would go
down. I hope you sold it short. Last month I predicted that Cisco would go up.
I hope you bought it. This month I predict that Lucent will go _up."
One month later one of the two is right, so its recipients get the fourth and
final e-mail from an anonymous remailer, this time using a reply block:
"I've given you three free stock tips over the last 3 months which probably
made you a lot of money. Now that you've seen my track record, you'll want to
continue receiving my free advice, but the free promotion is over. Please send
$20 in untraceable digital cash to this reply block to receive 6 future
Quite a few people would risk the $20, but that would be the last they hear
from Igor. :-)
(Alternatively, he can even e-mail 6 more issues of worthless advice to those
who caughed up the $20, so they can't complain. It would be hard to prosecute
Igor without proving that all 8 newsletters were published by the same person
who's been giving contradictory advice to different people.)
"Credibility is expendable." - John Gilmore
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-11 11:39:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Money-making ideas for Igor Chudov 
So now we know who's responsible for the "anonymous" spam to this mailing list,
such as the obscene ASCII art and for calling Matt Blaze a "homosexual Jew"...
A very old scheme, which a lot of Americans still fall for, can be modernized
using anonymous remailers (with a reply block) and anonymous digital cash.
Here's the outline: Igor Chudov posts an article via an anonymous remailer
saying: "Contact this (untraceable) e-mail address to learn how you can make
thousands of digital dollars a week just by sending e-mail." If he distributes
it widely enough, quite a few suckers will send for more information.
Igor will then send each sucker another e-mail giving little information and
requesting, say, $5 in untraceable digital cash for an information packet.
Those suckers who manage to send Igor the $5 get the third e-mail, explaining
how to use the anonymous remailers and untraceable digital cash to sucker
others into paying them $5 for the same information package.
Here's a recent Usenet article describing a similar scheme, using newspaper
ads and snail mail.
]Path: ...!news.rns.net!flint.sentex.net!usenet
]From: msabbagh at sentex.net
]Newsgroups: ab.jobs,atl.jobs,aus.ads.jobs,austin.jobs,az.jobs,ba.jobs,ba.jobs.misc,bc.jobs,bln.jobs,can.jobs,chi.jobs,cmh.jobs,co.jobs,dc.jobs,dfw.jobs,dk.jobs,fl.jobs,il.jobs.misc,in.jobs,kw.jobs,la.jobs,li.jobs,mi.jobs,misc.jobs,misc.jobs.misc,nb.jobs,ne.jobs,ont.jobs,ott.jobs,stl.jobs,su.jobs,tor.jobs,tx.jobs,uk.jobs.d,us.jobs,us.jobs.misc,ut.jobs,za.ads.jobs,alt.jobs,io.jobs,eunet.jobs,b
]Subject: Everybody please  please read this!
]Message-ID: <32828546.724E at sentex.net>
]Date: Thu, 07 Nov 1996 16:56:38 -0800
]References: <3281e88b.115644218 at news2.compulink.com>
]Reply-To: msabbagh at sentex.net
]Organization: sentex.net
]Lines: 57
]NNTP-Posting-Host: p7.radium.sentex.ca
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]> Join the over 25,       000,000 people world-wide already working from
]> home.   Free details!
]> In Canada, send self-addressed stamped envelope.   Outside Canada,
]> send name and address plus $2 in US funds for shipping and handling.
]> Mail To:                Work-at-Home
]>                 600 Thornton Road North, Suite 408
]>                 Oshawa, Ontario, Canada
]>                 L1J 6T6
]"When are you guys going to stop these gimmicks!?"
]At the begining of this year (1996) I came to Canada as an immegrant. Of
]course, the first step was to look for job. I went through all possible
]sources of information at Toronto: "Employment News" "Toronto Classified
]Address"....etc. Always, I was facing this type of attractive ads. to
]work from home and earn $1000 / week.
]As a newcomer I did not know what was going on, and I needed desperately
]an income (honest income) to feed myself and small family.
]I decided to try one of these ads. it was "Northern Communications
]Enterprise", Toronto, the name looked to me as a very large Corporation;
]since I was a newcomer and I have no idea about the real companies.
]I mailed a self addressed stamped envalope as requested; I receieve in
]return one tricky page article; asking me at the end to send a cheque
]with C$35 to send me the "Magical" information to earn $1000/week;
]unforetunatly, I did so!.
]After couple of weeks, I received a booklet of 30 pages (all junke and
]empty circle information) it ends teaching you that what you have to do
]is to paste or advertise simillar ads. to the one I read at the first
]time "Earn $1000/week from home by stuffing envalopes", in deffrent type
]of media (newspaper, internet, flyer....etc) and do the same trick by
]photocopying their valueless booklet and mail it to the person who paid
]me C$35.
]Of course, I didn't agree, not because I can not do it, but, because I
]refused to be a part of this illegal and immoral way of earning mony!.
]What concerns me, that how can reputable newspapers, and papers like
]"Employment news" justify their advertisement to such tricky and
]imaginary "Enterprises"  just for few dollars. These papers are supposed
]to be directed to people like me who was a serious individual and
]desperately looking for a job, and needed each Penny of his mony to
]establish himself at his new country!.
]"Please do not be victim to these types of ads."
]Regards to all.
"Credibility is expendable." -John Gilmore
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-12 11:15:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Make.digital.money.fast 
I agree - MMF is stupid. Gambling in Las Vegas is stupid. Buying lottery
tickets is stupid (except in rare cases when the jackpot is very large.)
The way most investors play the market is stupid. It's unbelieavble how
many billions of dollars move around in non-productive activities which
can only be described as stupid.
Coming back to MMF, I recall the famous quote from Dave Rhoad's original
post which said approximately: "The success of this project depends on the
honest and integrity of each participant." (By the way, DR is a real person,
living in California.) My small-scale survey indicates that almost all the
people who post MMF try to "cheat" in a minor way by not sending the $5 to
the 5 people upstream of them. I think this casn be prevented cryptograhicaly
if the MMF post includes digitally signed assertions from the 5 upstream
people certifying that they've received their $ from this particular poster.
A slightly more sophisticated form of "cheating" is described by RW above:
the poster generated 5 nyms, generated 5 receipts from these nyms, and
effectively starts a new pyramid. A partial response to that would be
to require each new nym to be certified by its immediate upstream
neighbor: sort of like the web of trust, rooted in Dave Rhoades himself.
But that too can be circumvented by a single person "spamming" the
pyramid by multiple nyms all belonging to him. There's no good way
to ascertain that mutliple nyms don't belong to the same person.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-12 13:43:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Linux-IPSEC mailing list for the S/WAN project 
I've got more interesting things to do than read "deeper" into
your ignorant drivel.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-12 19:27:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Money-making ideas for Igor Chudov 
Yes, Dr. Grubor - it's been implicated in Jan Isley's (spit) Usenet vote fraud:
]From: jan at bagend.atl.ga.us (Jan Isley)
  (spit)
]Newsgroups: news.announce.newgroups,news.groups,misc.invest,sci.econ,sci.econ.research,sci.stat.math
]Subject: RESULT: sci.finance.abstracts moderated passes 299:22
]Supersedes: <833766203.25886 at uunet.uu.net>
]Followup-To: news.groups
]Date: 16 Jun 1996 20:53:15 -0400
]Organization: Usenet Volunteer Votetakers
]Lines: 475
]Sender: tale at uunet.uu.net
  (spit)
]Approved: newgroups-request at uunet.uu.net
]Message-ID: <834972791.18156 at uunet.uu.net>
]References: <832958763.9345 at uunet.uu.net> <833766203.25886 at uunet.uu.net>
]NNTP-Posting-Host: rodan.uu.net
]Archive-Name: sci.finance.abstracts
]                                RESULT
]         moderated group sci.finance.abstracts passes 299:22
]sci.finance.abstracts results - 321 valid votes
] Yes  No  | 2/3 >100 | Pass | Group
]---- ---- | --- ---- | ---- | -------------------------------------------
] 299   22 | Yes  Yes |  Yes | sci.finance.abstracts
]   32 invalid votes
][ notes on the voter list:
]  31 "suspicious" votes from manifold.algebra.com were invalidated.
]  Most of the acks bounced and no response was recieved after multiple
]  attempts to verify the voters.
]Invalid ballots
]antosha at manifold.algebra.com                                    Anton Prokofiev
]    ! site invalidated
]blin at manifold.algebra.com                                             Bobby Lin
]    ! site invalidated
]brown at manifold.algebra.com                                           Brad Brown
]    ! site invalidated
]doug at manifold.algebra.com                                         Doug Hamilton
]    ! site invalidated
]dyer at manifold.algebra.com                                             Rock Dyer
]    ! site invalidated
]gcooper at manifold.algebra.com                                        Greg Cooper
]    ! site invalidated
]gunboy at manifold.algebra.com                                      Ronald Trecker
]    ! site invalidated
]kjh at manifold.algebra.com                                          Ken J. Hunter
]    ! site invalidated
]lenka at manifold.algebra.com                                        Elena Zaiceva
]    ! site invalidated
]mccaig at manifold.algebra.com                                       Andrew McCaig
]    ! site invalidated
]mel.lunch at manifold.algebra.com                                        Mel Lynch
]    ! site invalidated
]mikeb at manifold.algebra.com                                           Mike Burke
]    ! site invalidated
]mil at manifold.algebra.com                                         Milton Parrott
]    ! site invalidated
]milman at manifold.algebra.com                                        Jerry Milman
]    ! site invalidated
]mjohnson at manifold.algebra.com                                      Mark Johnson
]    ! site invalidated
]mklein at manifold.algebra.com                                        Martin Klein
]    ! site invalidated
]msidorova at manifold.algebra.com                                  Marina Sidorova
]    ! site invalidated
]munze at manifold.algebra.com                                          Martin Unze
]    ! site invalidated
]nastya at manifold.algebra.com                                              Nastya
]    ! site invalidated
]natasha at manifold.algebra.com                                         Natasha K.
]    ! site invalidated
]owen at manifold.algebra.com                                            Larry Owen
]    ! site invalidated
]pizza at manifold.algebra.com                                      Sergey Filippov
]    ! site invalidated
]rcross at manifold.algebra.com                                       Russell Cross
]    ! site invalidated
]rhenderson at manifold.algebra.com                                   Ron Henderson
]    ! site invalidated
]sexguru at manifold.algebra.com                                Anthony Del Vecchio
]    ! site invalidated
]smk at manifold.algebra.com                                        David Shoemaker
]    ! site invalidated
]tar at manifold.algebra.com                                        Mikhail Tarutin
]    ! site invalidated
]tarasik at manifold.algebra.com                                      Taras Leonoff
]    ! site invalidated
]volk at manifold.algebra.com                                        Mikhail Volkov
]    ! site invalidated
]whale at manifold.algebra.com                                      James S. Whaley
]    ! site invalidated
]willis at manifold.algebra.com                                          Tim Willis
]    ! site invalidated
Please consider declaring algebra.com and video-collage.com rogue sites.
The intent is to defraud, but shouldn't absolute free speech protect fraud
and libel?
That's very true - he has none left whatsoever. What a sorry piece of work.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-13 05:02:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Declan's done an excellent journalistic job. I understand that because of the
space limitations he couldn't quote everything that everyone told him, so one
small point in his article might be misinterpreted by a casual reader:
Why "almost"? :-)
There's no such thing as "former" KOTM, Declan. That's a lifetime achievement!
(I newgrouped a.f.d-v myself, actually. But it does get traffic :-)
I told Declan that agree 100% - John Gilmore has the right to do anything
he likes with his private mailing list. The 1st Amendment does not apply.
However censorship needn't be government-imposed.
An act of censorship, an act of cowardice, an act of Hitler-like leadership...
If John Gilmore ascribes this opinion to me, then he's lying outright.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-13 08:11:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: UNSUBCRIBE CENSORSHIP 
Let's see if John Gilmore pulls Timmy May's plug for namecalling...
That's right - this mailing list is being censored by John "Hitler-like leader"
Gilmore, but it has a different name to distinguish it from other censored
mailing lists.
(Who hasn't worked for a living years)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-13 11:14:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Black markets vs. cryptoanarchy 
I spent a few years living in Columbia housing on 111th St and there are
plenty of good, cheap groceries around. If you choose to save on the rent
and to live, e.g., up by City College, then indeed there are fewer groceries
and they cost more. The clerks who work there also get paid much more than
the clerks midtown because they risk their lives.
And you spend more time commuting to Columbia.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-13 13:52:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
What's the connection?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-13 18:11:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Linux-IPSEC mailing list for the S/WAN project 
I don't think Timmy May is a Jew.  I think he's way too stupid to be
suspected of being a Jew.  Also he's make many anti-Semitic remarks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-13 18:12:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
Correcttion: one of Timmy May's (fart) many stupid lies is his often-repeated
claim that V.Z.Nuri is a tentacle of one L.Detweiller. LD is no "deranged
crackpot" - he knows a lot more about cryptography and free speech than
net.scum like Timmy May (fart) and John "Hitler-like leader" Gilmore.
Ritalin-induced brain damage?
Cypherpunks are full of shit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-14 08:31:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [TEST] [IGNORE] [NOISE] 
Isn't it ironic how dozens of people seem to have trouble unsubscribing
from this list, and instead of trying to make the listserver software
friendly, John "Hitler" Gilmore and his censor buddies are trying to invest
new ways to silence those they disagree with?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-14 11:41:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
And the Kook Cabal.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-14 11:43:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
And I call Timmy May a raving idiot and a censor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-15 08:26:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Get back on your medications.... 
Of course anything is actionable. Access to courts is a basic right.
Somebody flames by Timmy May and accused of being a Ritaline junkie (or
whatever) may file a defamation of character lawsuit. It would probably
be junked, but he can file.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:20:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gilmore Sucks! and so does the EFF !!/Censorship on cypherpunks? 
Very apt.
That would be fine if they didn't pretend to be what they're not.
They're welcome to support or oppose free speech for anyone they
please, but they lie and pretend to support free speech not only
for their corporate clients. Clearly, John Gilmore has no credibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:20:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Lewis has been "playing Gilmore" on the coderpunks mailing list, warning
people about off-topic traffic. It's curious that I've been kicked off the
coderpunks list as well.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:20:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
I suspect that some of the people saying this have a serious drug/alcohol
problem and are very adept at denying tthat they have one. Denial is a
transferrable skill.
Kind of reminds you of "1984", doesn't it? War is peace. Love is hate. Timmy
May (fart) is a crypto expert. John Gilmore is neither official nor a censor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:20:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fat Cocksucker John Gilmore-ASSHOLE! 
He might as well - he's got zero credibility. Let him soak in the hot
tub with all the Cygnus Support employees, whose biggest qualification
for getting a job with John Gilmore is to have a big dick.
Yes - remember how John Gilmore opposed creating an unmoderated cypherpunks
newsgroup, so he could stay in "control"?
He tried to keep his censorship secret, but he's been forced to talk about it.
In fact, he called his shameful actions "an act of leadership". He sounds
like Hitler.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:22:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Significantly, Bruce Bough and other EFF/John Gilmore supporters are against
total anonymity just like they're against free speech. They wants to be able
to track down and silence anyone who uses the anonymous remailers to say
something "homophobic" or otherwise politically incorrect - a kind of
"identify escrow".
I again remind you the lying shyster Jim Ray who tries to "guest" who
might be behind various anonymous postings and complains to the suspects'
postmasters just in case. What a lying piece of shit. Does anyone know the
snail address for Judge Kozinski? Jim Ray's been boasting so much about his
correspondense with the good judge, that we must warn him about Jim's lies
and hypocricy (notably, his *true* position on anonymity).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:22:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
[quoting some jerk]
This is bullshit on several counts. First, censorship does not have to be
government-sponsored. Second, John Gilmore's dishonorable actions were
carried out in his official capacity as the list owner. That's how they're
different, e.g., from the dishonorable actions by the lying shyster Jim Ray.
This is bullshit. John Gilmore "panalized" me because he didn't like what
I was saying. First he tried to be sneaky about it, then he openly boasted
of his actions.
I agree. Moreover John Gilmore pulls plugs in an arbitrary and capricious
manner. He did not pull Timmy May's plug for personal attacks, non-crypto-
related rants, racial diatribes about "crazy Russians", religous attacks
on Mormons, and general ignorance and stupidity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:22:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: THAT is what makes John Gilmore an ASSHOLE! 
Never, but he might get some Cygnus support employee to do it for him. :-)
John has the right to configure his private mailing list to reject submissions
from non-subscribers or even sepecific people - but not the balls.
Again John Gilmore/EFF demonstrate their true agenda: they can filter
out the e-mail they don't like, but they want to prevent others from
reading it as well. Clearly their concern for free speech extends only
to their corporate sponsors, such as net.pronography peddlers.
An excellent idea, Dr. Grubor! Shall we newgroup alt.flame.john-gilmore or
alt.bonehead.john-gilmore or both?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:23:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! 
I wonder how John Gilmore and his pals define "SPAM"? (always capitalized)
Is their definition content-based (e.g., any information criticial of EFF/
Usenet Cabal), or is it self-referential - any information that EFF wants
to suppress through forged cancels and plug-pulling is therefore SPAM and
must be suppressed?
There only people ranting here are Timmy May, John Gilmore, and their
supporters. Their position was summarised very well by the lying shyster
Jim Ray: he already killfiled whatever he doesn't like, so he doesn't
see it, but he wants to suppress it so others can't see it either.
EFF has some laudable goals: let the pornography vendors peddle their
wares on the 'net. Unfortunately they're opposed to free speech in general,
as reiterated by John Gilmore quoted by Declan Mcculough. Too bad - but
then EFF never really pretended to promote free speech for anyone other
than its corporate contributors. (It's sort of like the Software Publishers
Association, who doesn't really care of anyone pirates the software sold
by non-members.)
John Gilmore's censorship has gotten way out of hand. Dr. Grubor is not
spamming anyone - you are lying, and your repeated lies will soon earn
you as much "negative crediblity" and John Gilmore's.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:24:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Declan is putting his journalistic credibility on the line here...
What's he disagreeing with? John exercised his right to censor me, so I'm
a victim and this list as a whole is a victim. John can shut the whole thing
down and it will again be a victim. John's credibility was also a victim.
Welcome to Cypherpunks! It's remarkable that Declan is hosting the next
DCpunks gathering.
And heaven forbid you express an opinion that one of John "God" Gilmore's
ass-licking friends doesn't know what the hell he's talking about, and support
it with evidence. Declan spent about an hour picking my brain as to why Timmy
May doesn't know shit about cryptography, is a flamer and a racist and an
asshole. He chose not to print it, because he had nothing to rebut it with.
Yes. John Gilmore suffers from the realization of his own inadequacy.
You forgot "limp-wristed, EFFeminate, bearded, 50-ish blonde".
Thanks for the comments, Dale.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 09:30:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: EFF Board, again 
I think EFF's credibility has been pretty much destroyed by John Gilmore's
censorship and plug-pulling. ORA puts out good books. As a publisher, they
should reconsider being affiliated with a censorour setup like EFF.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 12:10:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Key for the IPG 200 Megabytes at NETPRIVACY.COM 
I don't know that he's a fool. I haven't seen him rant about brute force
attacks on one time pads the way some members of this list do. Then again
I'm no loner a member of this list, thanks to John Gilmore's censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 12:10:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
Creative accounting is the name of the game. Pay attention, IRS...
Another one of John Gilmore's electronic forgeries and fabrications (EFF)?
No, I think he understands that the cost of good sold and other costs are
taken out of "sales" to compute his contribution.
And of course you use the infrastructure paid for with your taxes and
other people's taxes (state and federal).
In Germany, a company can put practicially inlimited amounts of money into
tax-deductible reserves. E.g., you can estimate that once in ten years you'll
be unable to collect a debt of 10DEM. Every year you set aside 1DEM as a sort
of self-insurance reserve. The revenue authorites don't bother you if the
assumption of 10DEM every 10 years is overly pessimistic. Therefore German
corporations generally pay little income tax.
Dividends are NOT tax-deductible in the U.S. On the other hand, interest is.
Therefore it's sometimes more profitable for a company to raise money by
issuing bonds (debt) and paying tax-deducuble interest than by selling its
stock (equity) and paying non-decuctible dividentds to stockholders.
That varies with the locale - here I pay the federal income tax plus the New
York State income tax plus the New York City income tax. I once had a job offer
from IBM in Boca Raton (which I eventually didn't take anyway) -
it's a ridiculous salary in NYC, but a decent one in Florida.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 12:31:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Does John Gilmore suck tale's cock, too? 
Thank you, Dr. Grubor. I fully agree with your assessment of John Gilmore.
Note that the claim that I write "SPAM" (in capital letters) is a lie, and
probably actionable.
Neither has any credibility anymore.
Thank you, Dr. Grubor, for your monumental contributions.
         ^
Yes - the self-appointed censor can't even spell. What a maroon.
Of course it's John's right to censor his own mailing list. He does too.
The EFF can continue to exist as a reminder of how corporate interests
try to misappropriate the appearance of defending free speech while in
fact engaging in plug-pulling and censorship.
Most definitely.
I wouldn't be surprised the least bit. Many unhappy customers of Cygnus
Support have found out that the only requirement for being hired by Cugnus
is to be gay; it doesn't matter whether you know anything about the product
you're supposed to support. Thus, Cygnus rips off not only the software
writers (who put their software on the Internet for everyone to use, not
for John Gilmore to get rich(er) with), but also their gullible customers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 12:33:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: THAT is what makes John Gilmore an ASSHOLE! 
You're still trying to cover up John Gilmore's dishonorable censorship,
which he described as "act of leadership". Hitler-like leadership indeed!
You may recall that when I first reported that I've apparently been forcibly
kicked off this mailing list, Timmy May posted a denial. Now Timmy May doesn't
want journalists to write about this incident, because it exposes John Gilmore
and a hypocrite.
Of course John Gilmore has the right to censor his private mailing list
- why are you denying that he did?
Count me in: I too think that Mike's a fool and an EFF/Cabal stooge.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:20:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Output of your job "cypherpunks" 
More plug-pulling from the EFF censor John Gilmore?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:20:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Very simple: snail mail is much more suitable to be used as evidence in court
than e-mail.
It's ironic that I read Dave's e-mail on John Gilmore's private cypherpunks
mailing list, which is known to be censored by John. If you're subscribed to
this mailing list, then you're definitely not utilizing free speech.
It's important to remember that petty censors like Bruce Bough oppose
anonymity - they want whoever says something "politically incorrect" to
be punished for their speech. This is in line with the kind of censorship
John Gilmore practices on the cypherpunks mailing list.
I don't know that PGP is safe. That's I don't use it.
(The exception are my NoCeMbots which use PGP to sign their notices, because
properly implemented NoCeM clients check digital signatures.)
I think the censors' agenda is the opposite: they *don't* want anybody to be
able to read the materials they want to suppress. That why they're not
satisfied by using procmail to filter out the unwanted traffic from their
own mailboxes, but want to impose their censorship on any potential reader.
Read the very revealing complaint from the lying shyster Jim Ray for example.
One can fit more info in an envelope than on a postcard. I knew people who
do use postcards whenever they can to save on postage.
Now, if a piece of e-mail were digitally signed, then it *might* be
more admissible in court.
John Gilmore has no credibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:50:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fat Cocksucker John Gilmore-ASSHOLE! 
Well - I don't care about John Gilmore's sexual orientation (hint: it ain't
straight :-), but I don't think he's fat. In fact, last time I saw him, I
noticed that he's gotten very thin, and wondered if he's sick or something.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:52:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: MSIE 128 Bit 
How about maiking available on a European mirror site with no questions asked?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 15:21:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Does John Gilmore... 
Sure he does - I've been saying all along that John Gilmore has the right to
act dishonorably, which he exercises. Yet the censorship supporters keep
attributing to me the diametrically opposite view - that the state can force
John to carry even the opinions he disagrees with. This is not what I've been
saying, of course. John Gilmore lied when he attributed this opinion to me (as
quoted by Declan McCulough). Only his honor could force him to do that, but he
has no honor and no credibility. John had the right to exercise censorship on
his private mailing list, which is precisely what he did.
Same here - I used to have respect for John Gilmore, but now I don't.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 16:10:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Giving Kill Files a Workout... 
But, Dale, that's the whole point of censorship: people like Alan Olsen
and John Gilmore and Jim Ray aren't satisfied when they've killfiles a
source of noise they consider annoying so it doesn't bother them anymore.
They feel compelled to silence it altogether. They claim altruistically
that they don't want the noise to bother anyone else, such as the clueless
newbies who keep subscribing to this mailing list and don't know how to
use mail filters. (Sandy Sanford's concern for them was soooo touching...)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 18:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Could Declan or some libertarian explain this? 
The poor guy said something politically incorrect and got censored?
I don't think Declan said this: if he did, then he was lying. I spnet about
an hour on the phone with him, and I said, among other things, that John
definitely had the right to censor anyone on his private mailing list, which
this is; and John has the right to destroy his own credibility, which he did.
This caused Declan to giggle. Those who attend the DCpunks meeting at Declan's
place can confirm that Declan has a decidedly unheterosexual giggle. Declan
attributes to John Gilmore the claim that I somehow appeal to the state to
protect me from John Gilmore's censorship, which is a lie - that's why I
call John Gilmore a liar, and not Declan. I used Declan to get out pretty
much the message I wanted. I'm satisfied with his writeup.
Actually, there is one passage where he said I object because I wasn't warned
in advance that I'd be unsubscribed. This is not what I told him. I said,
I sent a bunch of e-mails to majordomo at toad.com saying "who cypherpunks" and
"who coderpunks" and "help" and got no response. Eventually I tried the same
from another account and got a response. It was very rude of John to have
majordomo "play dead" without telling me. That's why I call John Gilmore a
sneaky bitch. I don't think Declan understood what I told him. It's clearly
a case of cluelessness, not an intentional lie, as is the case with John.
I think this was explained many times over by the likes of Jim Ray and
Sandy Standord: they can filter out the information that bothers them,
but they're bothered even more when someone else receives the information
they don't want them to receive. That's why they seek to silence whoever
they disagree with and not just filter them out of their own mailboxes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 20:10:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
"Who", not "what".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-16 20:10:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Another apologist for John Gilmore's censorship 
Why the quotes? John Gilmore censored me with no quotes.
No. John Gilmore's actions are contrary to free speech, but his own
principles clearly don't include free speech. He has no credibility.
Not true. An honorable person would tolerate all speech and either ignore
it or respond with more speech. A dishonorable person, such as John Gilmore,
seeks to silence the speech he doesn't like.
Funny you should mention manners. Censorship is rude. John Gilmore's plug-
pulling has got to be one of the rudest acts ever perpetrated on this
mailing list. Note also that he hasn't pulled the plugs of other very
rude people, like Timmy May (fart).
Speech is not action. Action is not speech.
I don't think John Gilmore's sexual practices are *that* bizarre. The Kinsey
report estimates that 10% of the population shares his practices.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-17 05:08:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
He's exercising his property rights at the expense of his credibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-17 15:00:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More lies from Timmy [fart] May 
Timmy May  farts:
I don't believe Timmy.
This censored forum has no credibility, irrespective of the number of
Timmy tacitly admits that he lied when he claimed that no one had kicked me
off the list.
If that's how John Gilmore described it, then he's lying again. He never said
anything to me about the size of my messages, only about their contents.
Moreover if John Gilmore had a problem with the size of articles being sent
to his private mailing list, he would have configured majordomo not to
broadcast submissions above a certain size, the way most majordomo mailing
lists are configured.
John Gilmore is clearly a liar.
Of course Timmy May and John Gilmore would rather lie and not be called liars.
This from the asshole who rants about "don't hire" lists, "crazy Russians",
and mormons...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-17 15:02:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
Igor, you begin to sound like an American - i.e., even more stupid than the
50%sovok that you are.
I never said anything about the taxes paid by the dividend _recepients.
Igor, you begin to sound just like Timmy May - talking about things you know
nothing about. Yes, there's a famous theorem by Franco Modigliani and Merton
Miller, the Nobel prize winners which says that ABSENT TAXES, the value of the
firm doesn't depend on its debt-to-equity ratio. M&M also show that under U.S.
tax laws the best capital structure is 100% debt (again, ignoring other
available deductions, such as depreciation, and increased risk and cost of
borrowing as the debt increases).
"The value of the levered firm is the value of the levered firm plus the
interest tax shield (the amount of debt times the tax rate)."
Companies would borrow less (and people would take out mortgages on their
residences less) if the interest payments weren't tax-deductible.
And sharks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-17 16:40:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Unsubscriving Briefly 
I'm not saying good riddance because Mike was one of the few remaining
people on this mailing lists who actually had brains. Too bad.
Of course, it's all John Gilmore's and Timmy May's fault.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-17 17:50:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! 
No. Forging cancels is as a harmless prank. Deleting Usenet articles from
news spool based on cancels is a sign of a badly misconfigured server, and
a newasadmin not doing his job.
Definitely, the plug-pulling assholes on cypherpunks mailing list don't
qualify as hackers. They can't even write code!
Blah blah blah security through obscurity blah blah blah only the Usenet
Cabal has cancelbots blah blah blah only Usenet Cabal knows how to forge
cancels blah blah blah netwide acceptance of unauthenticated cancels is
crucial to fighting spam blah blah blah. See Tim Skirvin's Cancel FAQ.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-18 00:58:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
^un
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-18 01:01:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE]  Want to know about this "aga" character?  Read the Grubo 
In a touching display of Lesbian solidarity, Alan "got AIDS yet" Bostick
 sheds alt.grelb dandruff in support of his fellow
10%er, the plug-pulling liar and dishonorable censor John Gilmore:
Bullshit. Nothing and no one makes me appear sane, calm, or rational,
not even The Herb. Read sci.med.cannabis for more details.
Also read  for more details on
Alan, John, and their merry playmates.
Are Pidor Voribiev and John Gilmore lovers?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-18 05:29:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Political influence [was: Re: A Disservice to Mr. Bell] 
Jim Ray too is a libertarian. Can someone please give me judge Kozinski's
address (e-mail or snail)? Given how Jim Ray boasts of his conversations
with the good judge regarding anonymity, I'd like to share with the good
judge Jim Ray's complaint to postmaster at bwalk. Let him see the lying
shyster's true views on free speech and anonymity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-18 05:29:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Off the subjects. 
Generally speaking, this is true about company-sponsored pension plans,
deferred compensation, etc. Check out the new moderated newsgroup
misc.invest.financial-planning (sp?).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-18 17:01:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
Then I suggest that you get hold of an undergraduate book on corporate finance,
such as Ross, Westerfield, Jordan, from Irwin. They just came out with the 3rd
edition). Read their very lucid explanation of M&M's work, and in particular
what they mean by "bankrupcy costs". Sure beats quoting academic papers that
you don't understand.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-18 19:15:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
Sandy should learn some English.
Sandy doesn't see the difference between the Post Office and the Census Bureau.
Sandy is a typical cypherpunk, one of John Gilmore's brainless stormtroopers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-19 04:56:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cpunks Frog Forwards discontinuation 
The search engines show ray at earthweb.com, sunder at brainlink.com,
arachel at poly.edu, ray.arachelian at f204.n2603.z1.fido.org, sunder at escape.com,
sunder at dorsai.org, 103070.2610 at compuserve.com, sunder at sundernet.com - wow.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-19 19:30:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Invitation to PhD defense 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!panix!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!howland.erols.net!swrinde!ihnp4.ucsd.edu!sdcc12.ucsd.edu!cs!markus
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Organization: CSE Dept., U.C. San Diego
Lines: 12
NNTP-Posting-Host: beowulf.ucsd.edu
On December 9th, I will defend my thesis, ``Privacy vs. Authenticity'',
proposing an efficient and versatile payment system that balances
privacy requirements against protection against criminals. If you are in San Diego at this time, I would like to invite you to
the defense. For more details, please contact me by email.
Markus Jakobsson

@_date: 1996-11-19 20:00:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: 1996 Codebreakers 
Some folks have a very unrealistic opinion of their own importance.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-20 19:20:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anon 
Cypherpunks themselves are opposed to complete anonymity. They insist on
being able to track down and silence whoever (ab)uses the remailers to
distribute homophobic or otherwise politically incorrect traffic. Just
search the archives for their advocacy of "identify escrow".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-22 06:14:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The public sees no need for crypto at this time 
Timmy may decided to rant about crypto for a change. As always he exposes his
complete lack of knowledge.
So, demonstrate. Pick up conversations on cellular phones, transcribe
the embarassing ones, post them to Usenet via anonymous remailers.
Sniff the e-mail passing through your site and post it anonymously.
That'll make the news and make people aware that they need privacy.
The pressure from insurers might work in strange ways. E.g. in many
locales the law mandates 10% off car theft insurance premiums for cars
that have certain kinds of alarms. According to most authorities the
alarms are totally useless, but almost all cars in NYC have them, and
they go off in the middle of the night when someone walks by the car -
truly stupid.
Similarly the companies that insure doctors for against malpractice
suits might say one day that all patient records in a computer must be
adequately encrypted in the case PC gets stolen - or they might mandate
that nothing is encrypted w/o some sort of GAK escrow. And this won't
even be gubmint-mandated.
It's because you're an idiot.
That's good.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-24 00:30:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The public sees no need for crypto at this time 
So - get a scanner (which may be illegal), put a horny kid to transcribe
whatever you hear, and post it to usenet via the anonymous remailers.
That'll catch the media's attention.
I've been on the Internet for close to 15 years. I used to tell people how
wonderful it is and how they should use it at least for e-mail. And they'd
say to me, most of the people they want to talk to either don't use e-mail
or are on systems not connected to the Internet back then, like Compuserve.
And they were right at that time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-24 00:40:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recovery after flood 
I'd appreciate a response from M.Aldrich and anyone else who's into disaster
Someone I know had their (paper) files submerged in water. Now all the papers
(most of them xerocopies, some photographs) are stuck together. They are, of
course, confidential to some degree. Can someone refer us to someone in
the Boston area who could assist in recovering the files?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-24 16:40:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Alan Olsen  babbles:
There's probably more money to be made by blackmailing the snake-oil
peddler (pay me so I don't release the cracktool for your crap) than
by selling the cracktools themselves.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-24 23:22:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: P.S. on chain letters 
A week or so ago I was ranting about chain letters and other memes - well,
today I came across some well-research Web site hosted by Kenneth Han (Black
Unicorn may know him) - check out  if you care
about more analysis of the Craig Sherhorn phenomenon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-24 23:26:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recovery after flood 
Thanks Kelly!! I'll tell them to try the freon tape cleaner. (I don't have
the papers myself.) From what I've seen, it looked like the copier's toner
got dissolved in the water and is acting as a glue. The files were submerged
for a while (stupid) and when they pulled them out, they let them dry w/o
separating the pages (even more stupid). I hope there will still be some
images on the pages if we get them unstuck :-) :-) :-)
This reminds me of how we once recovered a piece of electrical equipment
from seawater, and we were told to basically keep in in a bucket of water
until it could be cleaned properly. Changing the surroundings even for
something that seems more "natural" is always additional stress on the
damaged equipment and loses more information.
Thanks again for the advice - I appreciate it because it would be quite a
pity if all of it were lost.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-25 06:43:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: Thanks/was:This is your last warning 
I was curious about BU's choice of domain name - after all, schloss.li is the
same box as polaris.mindport.net in Norwich, CT. So I ran an altavista search
on schloss*. Like, wow! There are thousands and thousands of Web pages with
schloss* in them, and most of them may have nothing to do with Black Unicorn.
E.g., did you know that Leah Rabin's maiden name was Schlossberg?
There's a Robert Lev Schlossberg .
One George Schlossberg, an attorney with Cotten and Selfon, was quoted on NPR.
Another attorney's name comes up on several interesting bankrupcy cases:
Schlossberg and DiGirolamo, P.A.
Roger Schlossberg
134 West Washington St.
Hagerstown, MD 21740
A Neil Schlossberg graduated ca 1965 from Aiglon College, a boarding school in
A Herbert Schlossberg, born in 1935, says this about himself:
]A considerable part of my career has been in the academic world. I have been
]an assistant professor of history at the University of Waterloo in Ontario,
]Canada; chairman of the social science division at the Harrisburg Area
]Community College in Pennsylvania; and academic dean at Shepherd College in
]West Virginia. In addition I have been an intelligence analyst in the CIA, and
]have been in the financial planning industry. I am presently serving as
]project director in the Fieldstead Institute, working on a book tentatively
]titled "The Silent Revolution and the Making of Victorian England. "
The net is lousy with Schloss*, yet BU's domain name may be just a red herring!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-25 21:30:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
What did poor Don Wood do to deserve the (spit) after his name? Is he a liar
and a content-based plug-puller, like John Gilmore (spit)? Is he an ignorant
pseudo-cryptoid like Paul "Brute Force Attack on One-Time Pad" Bradley (spit)?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-25 23:39:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
Sure beats Timmy May's idiotic rants... Don Woods knows much more about
crypto than Timmy May, Paul Bradley, and all other "cypherpunks" combined.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-25 23:41:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
I suppose Paul doesn't consider his own ruminations about "brute force attacks
against one-time pads" to be "bullshit".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-26 20:22:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Another Nutty Idea about SPAM 
This is not a nutty idea at all. It's a very good idea.
You misspelled SHA. :-)
This was discussed on this mailing list around September. Check the
archives for good ideas how to add wildcards (like * to
the hashed list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 07:18:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Star Trek: First Contact 
The bold guy who plays Captain Picard is very gay in real life.
(He probably hated all those love episodes with women :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 18:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Star Trek: First Contact 
To a man or a woman?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 18:00:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NYC area Cpunks  Meeting? 
I might be interested, although I do _not_ consider myself a "cypherpunk".
"Timmy May and his sexual perversions."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 18:10:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hurray!  A good example of rational thinking ... 
Or Timothy C. May (fart), a clueless moron totally ignorant of cryptography.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 18:12:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Star Trek: First Contact 
Are _you gay, Phil?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 18:20:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
Yes. On the Internet it may not be immediately evident that the other side
of the debate is represented by clueless juveniles with whom you simply
wouldn't talk in a physical encounter. Trying to explain the need for key
escrow to a 15-year-old self-professed "Libertarian" (or indeed trying to
explain anything about cryptography to a group that collectively claims that
discussions of elliptic curves are "off-topic") is literally throwing pearls
before the swine.
I've seen other people abused on this mailing list - usually, whoever
knows more about cryptography then the regular "lynch mob".
I had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Denning in person and I asked her
about her views on GAK. Her responses made a lot of sense to me. Most
businesses, if they thought about it, would prohibit their employers
from having information on company computers encrypted so the owner
of the computer can't read them. This is just good business sense.
This mailing list suffers from the presence of several mentally disturbed
juveniles who a) are clearly ignorant of cryptography (e.g. rant about
brute force attacks on OTP); b) are cognizant of their utter ignorance and
stupidity; c) are envious of anyone who does know what s/he's talking
So, they feel compelled to harrass anyone who's smarter / more
knowledgeable than they are (sometimes using the anonymous remailers) in
an effort to drive all intelligent discussion off their "private mailing
list", so ignoramuses like Bradley can sound like "local experts".
The continuing verbal abuse of Dr. Denning is no different from the abuse
previously heaped on Fred Cohen or David Sternlight or yours truly.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 20:20:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: TV/Radio: Crypto Policy on NPR 
Do you think they should have mentioned that cypherpunks are against free
speech and that John Gilmore (spit) is a liar and a content-based censor?
Gilmore is irrelevant and not worth mentioning.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-27 20:22:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Israel crypto restrictions 
This is truly bizarre. First, if they were on the NASDAQ, they'd have a
4-letter ticker symbol, not a 3-letter symbol. MSFT (Microsoft) is on NASDAQ.
IBM (IBM) and F (Ford) are on the New York stock exchange and/or
American stock exchange.
Sometimes the stock of a foreign company is traded in the U.S. in the form
of American Depository Receipts (ADRs) not sponsored by the company. How
could that impose any obligation on it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 07:51:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
Surely someone who can't learn to format their text to 80 columns (perhaps
because he uses a dead operating system) has no credibility when he speaks
of technical things he clearly knows nothing about.
You remind me of a student in my C++ class who just couldn't understand why a
certain C expression evaluated to what it did. We made it simpler and simpler
until we had no variables left and this expression (w/o parens) on the board:
                                   1+1*2
The student forcefully argued that it should be equal to 4.
Another sign of cluelessness. OS/2 is dead. I've beein using OS/2 since v 1.0,
but now I'm moving to NT 4.0. I need to find the device drivers for all my
Choke on your turkey. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 07:52:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
That's in the eye of the beholder. I certainly don't have to be polite if I
choose to address a cybergang of raving ignorant flamers who oppose free
speech and advocate content-based censorship. Is John Gilmore polite to me?
You're lying. I never said anything like that. Fred Cohen never said
anything like that. Dorothy Denning (whose name the cypherpunks can't spell)
never said anything like that. On the contrary, Paul Bradley who rants about
brute force attacks on OTP, is considered top 'punks' cryptography expert.
This semester I'm teaching an undergraduate course in economics and I find it
very challenging to explain, e.g. the Laffer curve to students who have never
paid any taxes. Or, some students couldn't understand the difference between
different flat-rate pre-paid medical plans vs. pay-as-you-go medical plans.
They've never encountered anything like this in their lives and it takes weeks
for new concepts to sink in.
Indeed, I recall how a few years ago my wife was teaching a calculus course
and she told me about an inner-city student who was reasonably bright, but
had never left the inner city in her life. She had trouble with word
problems involving, e.g., mountains (popular in calculus texts :-) because
she had never seen one and couldn't quite understand what it was.
When cypherpunk juveniles rant about GAK, they are unable to present any
arguments for or against it other than personal attacks and name-calling
(like the recent pile of sexual innuendo e-mailed anonymously to Dr.Denning).
To me this shows that they're ignorant of the cryptography issues involved,
of law enforcement, of corporate data security policy, and are either too
young to know or unwilling to learn.
Why do you think I don't discuss my work on this mailing list?
Huh? I met Tsutomu once, briefly. I'm sure he's capable of stealing people's
girlfriends, being rich and good-looking, but I doubt very much that John
Gilmore has one. (Not that it's relevant. Cygnus Support's hiring practices
are relevant, since they demonstrate what an asshole Gilmore is. I used to
respect Gilmore, but not anymore. He's a liar and a content-based censor.)
Yeah, let's talk about Paul Bradley. (A U.K. undergraduate who probably
doesn't deserve the time we spend talking about him.) Paul flames
ceaselessly on the cypherpunks mailing list, refers to Don Wood as "Don Wood
(spit)", has sent me numerous threatening e-mails, does not understand what
either "brute force" or "OTP" is, and is unwilling to learn. Now, most
undergraduates don't know what brute force and/or OTP are, but they can
learn and they do learn if they intend to discuss the subject at such
length. Paul is a typical ignorant "cypherpunk". He likes to rant about
crypto because it's "kewl", but doesn't want to invest the time in learning
the meaning of the words he (mis)uses. "Punks" is well-chosen name.
Tim May is a coward, afraid to sign his name on his own flames. E.g., I've
received several hate e-mails via the anonymous remailers saying stuff like
"kill all Russian immigrants". Tim May is known to hate immigrants and Jews
(advocates the destruction of Israel etc).
You're lying again - or you don't consider cypherpunks calling Dr. Denning
"clueless bitch" to be verbal abuse?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 08:40:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Israel crypto restrictions 
The exchange is of little relevance to most small investors. It matters, e.g.,
if you're trying to figure out your transaction costs. If you buy or sell an
exchange-listed stock, then there's the stock price (money going to the shares'
old owner or coming from the new owner) and a separate commission going to your
broker (3c/share if you're smart). With NASDAQ stocks, you buy them at ask
price and sell them at bid price. The spread between the two prices is the
broker's source of revenue. You can't tell how much of the money you paid went
for the shares and how much to the broker. For the same reason the volume
figures in most sources have to be divided by 2 for NASDAQ issues to be
comparable with exchange-listed issues.
Anyway it's irrelevant in this case.
Fuck ITAR, fuck being (un)sponsored, consider the SEC disclosure requirements.
In the U.S., a publicly traded company has to file reports with the SEC and
make them publicly available. There's the big annual report (10K etc) at the
end of the fiscal year, and little quarterly reports (10Q etc). Other countries
have different requrements. E.g. in Japan they only have the annual report and
the semiannual (QII) one - not for QI and QIII. Sony's ADRs (SNY) are traded in
the U.S. pretty actively, but neither Sony nor any other Japanese company I
know of issues QI or QIII reports.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 12:40:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More anonymous hate mail from John Gilmore, Timmy May, and friends 
I've received the following e-mail from an anonymous coward. It didn't
have any carriage returns (I added them).
One of the meanings of "punk" is "young homosexual". There are a lot of them
on the "cypherpunks" mailing list, trying to be social and to make friends.
They think that the "cypher" part is "kewl" and even rant about it, without
understanding the meanings of the technical terms they use (like the
recurrent rant about brute-force attacks on one-time pads). But they don't
know much about cryptography, so when someone, e.g., tries to talk about
elliptic curves, the "punk" crowd screams that it's "off-topic".
Today is Thanksgiving, so I hope you choke on your turkey (or whatever else
ends up in your mouth :-). I'm thankful that I wasn't born in this country,
because Americans are so stupid.

@_date: 1996-11-28 12:42:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Israel crypto restrictions 
Scitex is an Israeli company run by Shamirs. Their ticker symbol is SCIXF.
They make the best high-end color printers in the world.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 15:10:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual Cypherpunks Party 
Since John Gilmore and his sexual preferences are discussed so much on
this mailing list, you really should say a few more words about him.
Like, mention that John is a liar and a content-based censor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 20:40:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
My Ph.D. thesis is avaiable from UMI. I doubt that anyone subscribed to this
mailing list has enough clue to understand any of it. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-28 20:42:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IQ and age 
Hi Dale,
The Kennedy motherfucker deserved to die. Whoever shot him did the right thing.
Joe Kennedy was a murderous bootlegger gangster who bought the presidency for
his kid. The French did a great job exterminating their aristos during the
Revolution. So did the Russians. That's what this country needs.
Who cares who shot Kennedy as long as he aimed well. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-29 06:00:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anon 
Now, what would the U.S. government (state or los federales) do in a similar
situation? They'd probably fine any resident found with a cable TV thousands
of dollars and if that didn't work, they'd start jailing people. Maybe even
burn a few TV viewers, a la Waco. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-29 09:50:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
You are lying again.  Anyone who bothers to search the archives of
this list for my name will see that 1) I never said anything about
any "Sovok jews", 2) I used to contribute a great deal of technical
discussion before all the techincal people left this list.
Tim May is a vicious anti-Semite who rants about destroying the state
of Israel and exterminating all Jews. Timmy lies that I too am an
anti-Semite (I'm actually Jewish) and now Paul repeats Tim's lies.
Paul lies again. Paul's contributions to this mailing lists contsist of
assinine rants about "brute force attacks on OTP" and attacks on people
who know more than him, such as Don Woods (whom Paul calls "Don Woods (spit").
Paul's calling cryptorelevant discussion "bullshit" and e-mailing me
multiple copies of my own cypherpunks writings with the word "fuckhead:
added are some of the examples of his worthless flames and net-abuse.
I guess John Gilmore finds Paul Bradley a suitable ass-boy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-29 21:20:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More anonymous hate mail from John Gilmore, Timmy May, and 
Hi Ross - well, generally, I think most people are stupid, irrespective of
their ethnicity. I'm just trying to piss off some more c-punks. :-)
OK, OK, point taken, I'll desist.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 08:10:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Don, a word of caution. You've been excrutiatingly civil throughout this
discussion, while the cypherpunks have been, well, punks. Paul Bradley's
favorite arguments are to put "(spit)" after your name or to call anything
he can't understand "bullshit". Paul can get away with it, but if you stoop
on their level, then a) you sound more like them, and you don't want to
do that, I'm sure, b) you might get a nastygram from John Gilmore, the
50-ish long-haired bitch who's the "owner" of this "private mailing list".
Caution: John Gilmore is a liar and a content-based censor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 08:10:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
That's precisely right - (almost all) cypherpunks have no idea what they're
talking about. They use "kewl" words without understanding what they mean.
The recent discussion of whether the (allegedly gay) droid Data used PGP
or "fractal encryption" in some scifi movie is a good example.
Some of these bullies, like Paul Bradley, realize that they don't know
the meanings of the words they use. Paul Bradley not only posts nonsense
about brute force attacks on OTP, but also harrasses anyone who exposes
his utter ignorance, in en effort to intimidate them into shutting up.
"Cypherpunks'" opinion of any proposed new cryptosystem is worthless and
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 08:12:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
I've been *very* busy lately and have not had a chance to examine the IPG
system with the level detail it deserves. So far I haven't seen any weaknesses
discussed on this mailing list. The above quote does NOT refer to your system.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 08:12:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Pabulum @ Fatbrain about says it all... This net.thug tries to indimidate his
"opponents" by using, without understanding, "kewl" words like "unicity
distance". When that doesn't work, he resorts to words like "bullshit" and to
putting "(spit)" after his "opponents'" names. Paul also mailbombed me by
e-mailing me many copies of my own cypherpunks articles with various
obscenities attached, so I had to have him filtered out. He clearly has no
more credibility than John Gilmore, and their opinions about any proposed
cryptosystem are worthless and totally irrelevant.
Paul should switch to writing science fiction about "brute-force attacks on
one-time pads", where he can use "kewl"-sounding words like "unicity distance"
whose meanings he doesn't understand, and he'll be crtiticized less. Like, no
one would criticize Larry Niven if "Ringworld" were shown to be nonsense from
mechanical engineering point of view, because mechanical engineering is a
complex technical subject, just like cryptography, and science fiction is
escapist entertainment for juveniles, not a technical discussion forum, just
like the "cypherpunks" mailing list. A science fiction writer doesn't have to
understand the meaning of the technical terms he (ab)uses. Creative licence,
you know.
You're very welcome. I've seen other people harrassed, verbally abused, and
either hounded off of this mailing list, or forcibly unsubscribed by John
Gilmore, its lying owner, and most of them happen to be Jewish (myself, Fred
Cohen, David Sternlight...) Dale too is starting to get flamed. I wonder if
that has anything to do with Tim May's rants about the descruction of Israel
and extermination of all Jews?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 08:41:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Rise and Fall of Cypherpunks  WAS [Re: the Dennings] 
Ridicule is what John Gilmore and EFF deserve, and more.
I suspect John Gilmore is opposed to the spread of cryptography and privacy
technology. He _opposed my efforts to template NPOs for running the anonymous
remailers, because he believes in "identity escrow" - the ability of the
remailer operators to track down and silence whoever "abuses" their network to
say things "homophobic" and otherwise politically incorrect. John Gilmore and
his pack of 'punks would rather see no crypto deployed than widely available
weak crypto with hooks that permit easy replacement by stronger crypto.
Is John Gilmore an NSA plant, an "agent provocateur"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 09:30:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Seditious Cable! 
This is another example of lies being spread by John Gilmore and his cronies.
I don't want the U.S. Government to maintain my or anyone else's key escrow.
                        JOHN GILMORE IS A LIAR.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 12:30:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Building a DC-NET 
John the petty small-time bitch?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 12:40:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "CypherPunks" and The Pink Swastika 
Read the _Pink Swastika_ to learn more about the role the likes of
Jason Durbin and John Gilmore played in Hitler's rise to power.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-11-30 23:30:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IPG Algorith Broken! 
ichudov at algebra.com (Igor Chudov @ home) writes to Don Wood:
However Paul Bradley's own rants, such as the recurrent discussion of
"brute force attacks on one-time pads" should convince everyone that
Paul Bradley doesn't know anything about cryptography and is unwilling
to learn.
As a teacher, I'm used to getting a class full of people who don't know
much about the subject at the beginning of the semester and learn a great
deal about it by the end of the semester. If you've never taught, you
can't imagine the feeling of accomplishment and personal satisfaction that
comes with it.
I get occasional assholes who are unwilling and unable to learn. I've never
seen a gang so dense as the "cypherpunks". Not even on Usenet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-02 03:36:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: RESPONSE FROM CYBERPROMO 
Take it to talk.abortion.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-02 10:23:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Making Remailers Widespread [REMAILERS] 
Unfortunately, making a system more reliable and available sometimes
entails additional cost in terms of complexity and redundancy.
If you don't see why I think it's wrong to pretend to be able to do
something you can't do, then I probably can't explain it to you.
Try asking your parents or your priest or something. :-)
I think it'll be pretty efficient, though.
That's a very good point: I retract the InterNIC siggestion.
Also it's possible for someone to be reached at a certain address, but not
be able to e-mail from that address. So here's the new improved version:
Scenario 1. Alice used to be a student at nursery.edu, reachable as
alice at nursery.edu. She can no longer log in there, but her e-mail is
forwarded to alice at work.com. Alice doesn't wish to receive anonymous
e-mail via her edu account unless it includes a reply block.
Alice tells one of the 'bots maintaining the blocking lists that she
wants alice at nursery.edu blocked. She should be able to make this
request via a WWW form or by e-mailing a 'bot from alice at work.com.
The 'bot sends a cookie to alice at nursery.edu, which is forwarded to
alice at work.com. Alice sends back the cookie to confirm.
(To prevent an obvious attack, the 'bot shouldn't send more than one
cookie to a given address in a 24-hour period. Perhaps one of the
flags should be 'don't send cookies unless the request is e-mailed
from the account.)
Scenario 2: root at bwalk.dm.com wants to add * to the
blocking list. (Not likely. :-). Again, the request is submitted
to one of the 'bots via a WWW form or by e-mail. Seeing that the
address contains a wildcard, the 'bot sends a cookie to
postmaster at bwalk.dm.com. Presumably whoever reads postmaster
mailbox is authorized to send back the cookie and to confirm
the wildcard block.
I think it's fair to assume that whoever demonstrates his ability to
receive postmaster's mail by returning a cookie sent to postmaster has
the authority to block receivers in that domain.
I.e. there needs to be a way for postmaster at toad.com to say:
block cypherpunks at toad.com, but send the cookie to postmaster at toad.com,
not cypherpunks at toad.com.
I think it's fair to assume that whoever gets a cookie sent to an
address has the authority to block that address: that takes care of
the .forward scenario I described.
I just came up with another one above. :-) I think reserving 32 bits should
be enough for future expansion, or 64 to be really generous with disk space.
I agree that each operator should be able to block what goes out of
his remailer based on strings being contained in the body. However
having some Cabal force this filtering automatically on all remailer
operators is a very bad idea, even if the operators consent to it.
In the scenario you described above, was the victim's address encrypted
in the reply block, or was it in cleartext? If it was in cleartext, then
it's little different from Peter Vorobiev forging garbage in my name
and Timmy May (fart) quoting it as someting I really said.
(Some time ago Vorobiev forged Usenet articles from my wife's seldom used
account on another machine claiming that we split up. Dave Hayes actually
asked me over the phone if it's true. There are strange people out there.)
I'm not claiming to have all the solutions - this is merely a way to
block recepients without taking up too much of operator's time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-02 11:40:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
News Release (Smart Card Forum): Friday, September 27, 1996
Consumers Can Be Confident in Smart Card Security
TAMPA, Fla. -- Two scientists at Bellcore announced a theoretical model for
penetrating the security of smart cards and other tamperproof devices. It is
important to point out that this is just a mathematical theory.
The Smart Card Forum does not believe that this theoretical attack presents a
real-world risk. Multiple techniques are used together to make the entire
system secure. And good systems are designed so that they cannot be attacked
successfully at a single point. Even if a single card could be compromised,
though unlikely, it would not compromise an entire system nor allow the
production of counterfeit cards.
That is not to say that Bellcore's work is not useful. In fact, the Smart Card
Forum encourages this type of healthy speculation because of the importance of
ensuring that all security issues be considered, analyzed and resolved as
early in the product design as possible.
For a smart card product to be successful, consumers must have confidence in
its security. The Bellcore research should not be perceived in any way as
diminishing the security of smart card products consumers are now using. The
smart cards used in North American stored value trials today are not
vulnerable to this theoretical attack.
The Smart Card Forum
The Smart Card Forum is a non-profit, multi-industry membership organization
promoting the widespread acceptance of multiple application smart card
technology in North America. Its primary mission is to bring together in an
open forum, leaders from both the private and public sectors to address topics
associated with the development and evolution of smart card technology
The Forum was established in September 1993 and currently has more than 225
corporate and government members including: Chase Manhattan, Citibank,
Bellcore, MCI, MasterCard, Visa, IBM, Microsoft, Mobil Oil, Schlumberger,
Gemplus, Delta Airlines, U.S. Postal Service, the Federal Reserve, U.S.
Department of Treasury and U.S. Department of Defense.
Dow Jones: Friday, September 27, 1996
Chase Says Findings Won't Halt NYC Smart Card Plan
A potential security flaw in electronic cash cards found by Bellcore
scientists will have no effect on a pilot program to test the cards in New
York City early next year, a leading bank involved in the program said.
Chase Manhattan Corp. (CMB) spokesman Ken Herz - speaking on behalf of a
consortium that includes Citicorp (CCI), Visa International and MasterCard
International Ltd. - said Bellcore's warnings won't hinder the roll-out of the
pilot program.
''The industry is well aware of the vulnerabilities of the system,'' Herz
said, adding that the consortium members have discussed the potential problems
''for months now.''
Herz said the consortium is planning to test the cards during the first
quarter of 1997 with about 50,000 Chase and Citicorp customers on the Upper
West Side of Manhattan.
American Banker: Friday, September 27, 1996
Why Intuit Pulled Plug on Home Banking Processing
By DREW CLARK
Intuit Inc., which boasts of being able to turn on a dime, proved it could
with its decision to get out of the processing of home banking transactions.
An acquisition that looked so smart just two years ago turned into an
albatross. When 40 top executives gathered at Mountain View, Calif.,
headquarters last month to determine the fate of Intuit Services Corp., the
answer quickly became evident.
As was announced last week, Checkfree Corp. agreed to buy the unit for $228
million in stock.
"We have always anticipated this change, but we did not anticipate that it
would come so fast," said Intuit executive vice president William H. Harris.
Intuit bought the Downers Grove, Ill., processor, then known as National
Payment Clearinghouse Inc., for $6.8 million in 1994. Overnight, Intuit
established itself as the leader in handling transactions emanating from
PC-based financial management programs.
By this year, though, bankers have been complaining loudly about service
quality and worrying aloud that Intuit wants to control their relationships
with users of its popular Quicken software. Complicating matters for Intuit,
as it was dealing with rapid growth in transaction volume this year, was a
flurry of new entrants -- banks as well as software companies -- into the home
banking market.
The Intuit executives knew they had to take action. Should they add to the
more than $30 million already spent on Intuit Services, or cut their losses
and refocus on the core software business? "We put up on a board a list of the
highest priorities that we wanted to address," Mr. Harris said. "The list was
Besides home banking and bill payment, the company envisioned itself
connecting customers to mutual funds, insurance, and tax preparation as well
as facilitating bill presentment and electronic commerce.
It became obvious to the executives that ownership of Intuit Services was not
helping them to meet those priorities.
"By the end of the process, there was close to complete unanimity," said Mr.
Harris, who reports to chief executive William V. Campbell. "A number of
people changed or modified their points of view. There were those who argued
we could innovate faster by continuing to do every part of the chain."
Once they decided to sell Intuit Services, the software company's leaders
moved on the issue of openness. "We needed many people to help us," Mr. Harris
said, "and one of the ways to get other people to help us was to open up our
Along with the announcement of the sale, Intuit said it would decouple its
financial software from the back-end processing network to be owned by
Checkfree. No longer would banks be forced to use the facility for back-end
processing and bill-paying work.
Under a new regime called OpenExchange, Intuit promised to release software
specifications by the end of the year. Banks and other financial institutions
will be able to offer customers on-line access to Intuit products regardless
of their payment processor.
Mr. Harris said the decision "frees us up to concentrate on the front-end
software and allows us to find appropriate partners" for back-end processing.
But he added, "one of the disadvantages of an open approach is that you depend
upon your partners."
"This decision underscores the trend toward open standards in on-line
financial services," said Marc Singer, a consultant with McKinsey & Co. in San
Francisco. "It also illustrates the importance of collaborating to compete. In
an uncertain environment you have to stake out positions and continually
revisit them."
Securities analysts also praised the evaluation of Intuit Services Corp. as "a
drag on earnings. Intuit wants to hold on to the lead, and this will make
Intuit more appealing to the large banks," said Steve Higgens of Bear Stearns
& Co. in San Francisco.
Although Intuit's move toward open software came just a week after the
bank-owned Integrion Financial Network emphasized its own "open standards,"
Intuit officials insisted that the timing was coincidental.
Quicken 6.0 for Windows is scheduled for release in October. The 1997 version
will be the first to comply to the OpenExchange standard, Mr. Harris said.
"We've done a lot in a hurry."
He expressed no regret about the company's two-year experiment in payment
processing, saying Intuit technicians had learned much by establishing
back-end connections to banks and bringing many customers into the home
banking field.
"When we purchased National Payment Clearinghouse, the only viable way to
connect securely with large numbers of consumers was through a private network
and on a central hub," said Mr. Harris.
"That was true one year ago, and probably even six months ago," he added. "It
was now time for us to adjust our connectivity strategy and embrace the open
Intuit now hopes OpenExchange will be its gateway to the Internet. The company
plans to implement Internet connections for on-line investment activities next
spring and for on-line banking and bill payment next fall.
"Today," said Intuit chairman Scott Cook on the day the sale and
OpenExchange were announced, "rapid advances in safety and reliability of the
Internet make it the central focus of our overall connectivity and business
OpenExchange is akin to other protocols being developed by Intuit competitors.
But unlike Microsoft Corp.'s Open Financial Connectivity and Visa
Interactive's ADMS (Access Device Message Specification), OpenExchange will
also transmit nonbanking financial information. Intuit hopes thereby to
encourage sales of its investment, tax, payroll and accounting software.
American Banker: Monday, September 30, 1996
Bad News for High-Tech Lending: Borrowers Prefer People
By Edward Kulkowsky
About 97% of all homeowners prefer to apply for mortgages in person, according
to a survey by the Mortgage Bankers Association.
The finding suggests that there might be tough sledding ahead for lenders
considering alternative marketing channels for mortgages, such as the
Internet, phone, and video conferencing.
The survey uncovered other consumer preferences that could be useful to
"The findings are expected to help mortgage lenders more precisely target
current homeowners to refinance, as well as help them retain their own current
borrowers," said David Lereah, the MBA's chief economist.
"Further, the information contained in the study provides investment bankers
and institutional investors with an analysis of which types of mortgages are
likely to refinance, in order to better predict prepayment speeds on
mortgage-backed securities."
The MBA said the final report and a data tape of the complete study, "Mortgage
Refinancing Practices and Decision-Making Dynamics," is available for
purchase. The tape provides extensive demographic data that can be sorted and
stratified by 169 fields, according to the announcement.
All 1,500 respondents originated or refinanced a loan between January 1991 and
March 1996.
The survey found that borrowers had limited loyalty to their current lender.
About three-quarters of the 1,500 respondents to the survey were willing to
consider lenders in addition to their present provider.
About 80% of those who plan to remain in their homes more than five years said
they would refinance if rates fell by one to two percentage points. More than
half reported having refinanced their original mortgages, motivated primarily
by attractive rates and lower fees.
Other key findings:
* Some 80% of those who refinanced now have fixed-rate loans.
* About three-quarters of those who did not refinance already had fixed- rate
loans, and two-thirds have loans with rates of 6.6% to 8%.
* About a third of those who refinanced took out loans larger than their
outstanding balances.
* About half of the respondents said "too much paperwork" was the major
difficulty in the refinancing process.
The study was sponsored by the MBA, Citicorp Mortgage Inc., First Union
Mortgage Corp., First Chicago NBD Mortgage and Norwest Mortgage Inc. and was
conducted by R.S. Carmichael & Co., a market research company.
News Release (Microsoft): Monday, September 30, 1996
Survey Shows Americans Struggle with Financial Fitness
Experts look to PCs and Personal Finance Software for Better Money Management
Results from the recent Money '97 Financial Fitness Survey reveal the average
American's state of financial fitness falls well below expert guidelines.
Microsoft Money '97 personal finance software commissioned the telephone
survey of more than 1,000 respondents, in conjunction with the release of the
latest version of the software package, to gain a better idea of how Americans
are currently managing their personal finances. Some financial experts point
to the online revolution as a promising part of the solution to America's
woes. Studies show that over 750,000 households are already using online
banking, with projections for a staggering 13 million by the year 2000.
Computers and personal finance software are dramatically improving America's
potential to gain control of their money management. For so long, so many have
struggled to face the numbers, dreaded the monthly reconciliations and
wondered whether they were really saving enough. But help is here in a way
generations before never imagined. With a PC and personal finance software,
people can now sit in the comfort of home and use online banking to pay bills
electronically, reconcile check registers, transfer funds, and so much more.
This new technology opens up a whole new world of financial ease and control
for household money managers. Survey Reveals Persistent Trouble Spots
Conducted by Opinion Research Corporation of Princeton, NJ, the Microsoft
Money '97 Financial Fitness Survey compares American's personal finance
management practices with the advice of leading personal finance experts in
four key areas: 1) Budgets, Tracking & Categorizing; 2) Savings & Investments;
3) Credit Cards & Banking; 4) Retirement & Big Ticket Items. In all four
fitness categories, the survey shows that many Americans struggle with common
problem areas. For example:
On Budgeting
Experts say a solid, categorized budget is the foundation for financial
fitness, however:
* only 37% of Americans follow a categorized spending plan, while 42% simply
pay bills and allocate what's left. Another 17% say they just don't budget at
On Saving
The advice "Pay yourself first!" is a familiar battle cry among financial
experts, however:
* more than half the Americans surveyed (56%) admit they do not set aside a
fixed amount or percentage from each paycheck.
Regarding those all-important personal emergency funds, experts say we should
have a minimum of two months living expenses on hand, however:
* among households with children between 12-17 years, a distressing 51% have
either no funds tucked away or only enough to cover 2-4 weeks in a crisis.
On Credit
Paying high interest on credit card debt can negate gains of other good
investments, however:
* among the 76% who have credit cards, more than half don't pay off their
balance each month, needlessly incurring finance charges and further debt.
Planning for the Future It's important to know early on what we'll need for
the big ticket items like college or our own retirement fund. However:
* on college tuition, among households with children under 12 yrs, a
surprisingly high 71% could not correctly estimate the cost of sending a child
to one year of state university 15 years from now ($22,000).
* on inflation, only 18% of Americans were able to correctly identify how much
today's dollar will be worth in 20 years (38 cents).
The Easy Way To Manage Money
"The Money '97 survey does signal some troubling financial fitness problems,"
says personal finance expert and best-selling author Neale S. Godfrey ("Money
Doesn't Grow On Trees," "A Penny Saved," "From Cradle to College"), "But it's
my job to tell people, 'it's okay,' and where to go from here." Godfrey and
other experts advise would-be money managers to start by getting the right
tools and getting organized. Says Godfrey, "I use Microsoft Money to help
people manage their money on a day-to-day basis and to see their complete
financial picture. Then, they continue using it to keep finances in shape."
Jack B. Root, President of Successful Money Management Seminars (SMMS) notes,
"By computerizing personal finances, the formerly unfit will soon be able to
determine exactly where their money's going. They'll have the understanding
needed to set long term goals, make strategic decisions and stay in control."
Microsoft Money '97 is an excellent task-based tool for tackling the most
common financial fitness problems. Money '97 is quick and simple to learn, and
helps the user work from categorized budgets, track finances, easily manage
accounts and pay bills electronically (no more checks!).
Even for the well-disciplined home finance manager, the online banking feature
of Microsoft Money '97 can be a real time-saver and expand options. The user
can easily download statements, balance accounts and transfer funds from home.
In the Money '97 Financial Fitness Survey, nearly a quarter (22%) of
respondents admit they reconcile their checking account to a bank statement
(when notified of insufficient funds) only occasionally or never. But even for
the many who reconcile regularly, studies show all but one percent are doing
it the tedious manual way. Online banking allows people to access statements
and reconcile checks at the touch of a button. Money '97 Launches National
Financial Fitness Campaign
To help America set out on the road to recovery, Money '97 is launching a
national Financial Fitness Campaign. The multi-tiered program kicks off with
free, open to the public Financial Fitness Events in New York, Chicago and San
Regional survey results and Money '97's campaign for change led the mayors of
all three cities to declare "Financial Fitness Day" on the date the event
comes to town. Participants will have a chance to take a financial fitness
test, have their most pressing fitness problems diagnosed, and meet with
financial experts for advice and information. The Money '97 training team will
also be out in full force helping event-goers learn how to computerize their
Download Trial Version of Money '97 Free at MoneyZone
Americans will have easy access to the tools needed to get started on their
own financial fitness program. Beginning September 30th you can download a
trial version of Money '97 for free (connect charges apply). Just go to
Microsoft MoneyZone on the World Wide Web at MoneyZone also links users to product support, a complete list of Money '97
ONLINE bank partners and a wealth of other personal finance management
information. Additionally, working with Money '97, Successful Money Management
Seminars (SMMS), will conduct ongoing seminars across the country to help
Americans improve their financial management skills.
Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is the worldwide leader in software
for personal computers. The company offers a wide range of products and
services for business and personal use, each designed with the mission of
making it easier and more enjoyable for people to take advantage of the full
power of personal computing everyday.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-02 13:52:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
American Banker: Monday, September 30, 1996
Microsoft Ups the PC Banking Ante with Money 97
By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM
Launching a long-awaited assault on Intuit Inc. and its popular Quicken
system, Microsoft Corp. today releases a new version of its Money personal
financial management software, with new ways for banks to connect to it.
Microsoft executives say Money 97 is easier to use than its predecessor and
more widely available to banks.
Banks can offer Money 97 services in various ways: through processors like
Checkfree Corp., Intuit Services Corp., and Visa Interactive; or directly
through Microsoft's "open financial connectivity" standard for on-line
Microsoft also announced that 37 banks are offering Money 97 -- roughly the
same number that today offer Quicken services -- and that at least 23 more
will offer Money 97 by yearend. "We're here today with a lot of what Quicken
is announcing they'll have a year from now," said Richard Bray, Money 97
product unit manager at Microsoft.
"What this really means is more banks will be available through Money sooner
than through Quicken." But Intuit officials said they did not feel threatened.
"What they mostly did was add a few features we already had," said Matthew
Glickman, Quicken group product manager.
Bankers planning to offer Money 97 said Microsoft's open technology standard
was a major benefit.
"We will be able to provide our customers with the same service that they're
used to, which is on-line, real-time balances," said Michael Papantoniou, a
vice president in electronic commerce at Chase Manhattan Bank.
"Microsoft Money and Quicken now have to go through Intuit Services Corp. -
that's the big difference," he said. "ISC only has start-of-day balances."
Bankers also praised Money 97 for giving prominence to bank brand names.
Customers will see their banks' logo, Internet address, and whatever other
information the bank chooses to provide.
Henry Mounger, senior vice president of consumer product development at
Deposit Guaranty National Bank in Jackson, Miss., said his own "road test" of
Money 97 convinced him the bank should offer it. Deposit Guaranty had not
previously offered Money or Quicken.
"The overriding impression I had was its ease of use," Mr. Mounger said of
Money 97. "I had never used Quicken or any other personal financial management
software before, and I was banging out reports right and left."
Mr. Mounger said the ability to offer Money 97 through Visa Interactive was
also an attractive feature.
"We're trying to maximize that vendor relationship," he said. "We obviously
recognize the fact that Quicken is a very visible product in the marketplace,
but we're not prepared at this point to go through all those operational
issues to get up and connect."
This month, Intuit announced the sale of its processing division to Checkfree.
It also announced an alternative to Microsoft's technology specification that
it dubbed OpenExchange. Mr. Bray of Microsoft said Intuit's standard is a late
entry in the race.
"They didn't announce anything new with OpenExchange -- what they were trying
to do was slow down the market because they're a year behind," Mr. Bray said.
"There's no reason for banks to wait another year, and the big banks aren't
waiting," he said. "Why should they wait for an undocumented, unpublished
format when there's one available today that they can work with?"
Mr. Glickman at Intuit said his company's open standard does the same things
as Microsoft's, "but in a much better way," offering a choice of processors
plus "a broader range of connectivity."
Mr. Papantoniou at Chase said he also viewed OpenExchange as a broader
standard, but hoped the two specifications would converge. "That would benefit
all banks," he said.
Chase, like many of the larger banks, offers both Quicken and Money options
for home banking.
Some bankers who offer both products said they were pleased with the
improvements to Money but are not taking sides in the Microsoft-Intuit
"The more they talk about each other, the more focus there will be on personal
financial software, and the better for me," said S. Michael Woodward, a vice
president in strategic marketing at Crestar Bank in Richmond, Va.
"We don't come out and promote Quicken over Money or BankNow" -- Intuit's
transaction-oriented offering with America Online. "I think both of them have
done a very good job." Despite some bankers' neutrality, Money 97 is
guaranteed to step up the competition for customer loyalty.
"This is going to be a really interesting season for the personal finance
software market," predicted Phoebe Simpson, an electronic commerce analyst at
Jupiter Communications in New York.
"The fact that you can download the Quicken data into Money 97 is going to be
very interesting, and will ease the entrance of anyone who is looking to
Mr. Bray said Microsoft wanted to make switching from Quicken to Money "as
easy as possible." Quicken users are being offered a $10 discount on the
$34.95 retail price of Money 97, as well as the ability to instantly transfer
all their existing Quicken files into Money 97.
Microsoft also plans to offer all comers free 90-day trials of Money 97.
Another new feature of Money 97, critical to banks and consumers, is Internet
connectivity. Users will be able to connect not only to their banks but to a
Web site Microsoft maintains that offers current stock quotations.
Mr. Glickman of Intuit said Microsoft's previous efforts to make Money widely
available had failed to dent Quicken's market share, and he predicted the same
would hold for Money 97. "We've added over a million customers in the last
year," Mr. Glickman said.
Citing numbers compiled by PC Data of Reston, Va., Mr. Glickman said Quicken
has 73% of personal financial software users, Money 23%; 4% use other types.
"Microsoft has increased its market share, but it has come at the expense of
the smaller players like (Meca Software's) Managing Your Money," Mr. Glickman
Ms. Simpson of Jupiter Communications said the release of Money 97 reflected
Microsoft's belief that high-function software could double as a mass market
"Intuit sees the market splitting into transactors and trackers, and Microsoft
does not buy into that, so they have worked with their product to get sort of
a blend of the two," she said. "I think it's going to be a tight race."
American Banker: Monday, September 30, 1996
Verifone Woos Banks with Personal ATM
By JEFFREY KUTLER
Verifone Inc. is claiming a breakthrough toward one of electronic banking's
holy grails: an automated teller machine in the home -- or, for that matter,
in the pocket.
The Redwood City, Calif., company is introducing Personal ATM, a palm-size
device with a smart card slot. Among other interactive capabilities, it allows
value to be loaded onto the card via telephone.
Accompanying Personal ATM, to be unveiled today at the American Bankers
Association's bank card conference in Orlando, is Verismart, a system Verifone
says will make smart cards more appealing to the banking, retailing,
telecommunications, transportation, and utility industries. While Verifone is
not the first to see the remote banking potential of plastic cards with
built-in computer chips - for example, the Dutch company Philips makes screen
telephones with smart card readers - Personal ATM may be more ready for the
mass market.
As purely a card reader -- lacking processing power, computer intelligence, or
memory, but connectable through a phone jack -- Personal ATM is so cheap that
banks ought to consider almost giving it away, said C. Lloyd Mahaffey,
Verifone's vice president of global marketing.
He would not discuss prices but said they are a stark contrast to the $100 or
$200 that screen phone manufacturers are hoping will attract widespread
acceptance, or the bare-bones $500 network computers that Oracle Corp. and
others contend are the key to mainstream Internet use.
"The consumer might pay $2 or $3 a month, not the $90 or $100 it takes to buy
some devices that we see at technology trade shows," Mr. Mahaffey said in an
interview last week. He predicted "volume deployments" of Personal ATM by
He said the battery-powered device might be mailed out in a sturdy, compact
box -- under the brand name of a bank or other provider -- along with two
smart cards.
The economics are such that if a defective machine arrives, and the customer
calls to complain, the service representative will say, "Throw it away. We'll
send a new one," said Mr. Mahaffey, architect of the Verifone consumer
strategy typified by Personal ATM.
In current parlance, Personal ATM is the ultimate "thin client." That means it
is "intellectually challenged," Mr. Mahaffey said, relying on the smart card
and on-line connections for what it needs to know.
But Mr. Mahaffey said that is the key to the cost advantage through which
Verifone hopes to dominate consumer automation as much as it does the point of
sale terminal market, where its share is near 70%.
The Verismart system is designed to embed the smart card capability in devices
other than Personal ATM -- computer keyboards, telephones, television set-top
boxes. Verifone has already forged alliances with manufacturers in such
fields, including Keytronic, GTE, and Scientific Atlanta, as well as Mondex
International and smart card maker Gemplus.
At least 10 companies have signed to support Verismart, including American
Express, MasterCard, Visa, and Wells Fargo Bank.
Verifone says it is addressing some bankers' reluctance to commit to Mondex,
Visa Cash, or a competing scheme: Verismart is "device independent," meaning a
bank is not forever locked in to any smart card decision.
News Release (VeriFone): Monday, September 30, 1996
VeriFone to Develop Smart Card Applications and Services
VeriFone, Inc. (NYSE:VFI), the leading global provider of secure payment
solutions, today announced plans to develop the VeriSmart System -- the first
end-to-end system for creating smart card applications and services. VeriSmart
pilot programs are planned with leading companies throughout the world,
including American Express, GTE, MasterCard, Mondex International, Ltd.,
NIPSCO Industries, Inc., Sparbanken Bank (BABS), Sears Payment Systems (SPS),
and Wells Fargo.
The VeriSmart System will provide the applications, integration services and
marketing support required to enable these companies to offer expanded smart
card products and other services to their customers.
The VeriSmart System was announced concurrently today at the ABA Bank Card
Conference with a separate announcement from VeriFone and other leading
companies for plans to develop personal devices and information appliances
that will bring low-cost smart card capability directly to consumers.
VeriSmart, a flexible, open, smart card system, is the first solution that
will enable multiple consumer appliances, such as a personal/home ATM device,
smart phone, personal computer or set-top-box, to access a variety of smart
card applications, and seamlessly integrate with back end payment and
transaction systems worldwide.
VeriSmart, which will reside on various companies' host systems, is being
designed to allow a customer to access and interact with their accounts to
retrieve electronic cash, monitor services, pay bills, receive healthcare
information, get updates on frequent flyer awards and other personal services.
"VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division is developing the first realistic
solution that is expected to stimulate the emerging smart card market,
bringing consumers and providers together through robust, interactive products
and services for everyday banking, health insurance, and utility
transactions," said C. Lloyd Mahaffey, vice president of global marketing for
VeriFone. "The wide range of industries that are looking to implement
VeriSmart products and services indicates the enormous potential for smart
card services we can expect in the future."
The flexible design of the VeriSmart server and applications software,
installed on the provider's host computer, will readily support additional
applications and upgrades as they are developed. VeriSmart applications can
allow these providers to offer new and unique products to broaden their
customer base through value added smart card services.
"The real value of smart card technology will not be realized until consumers
have a compelling reason to change the way they conduct business today," said
Thomas Kilcoyne, general manager, VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division. "The
security, convenience and access to personal information they'll have through
their telephone, home ATM, PC or television can dramatically enhance their
relationships with providers who offer these services." Eight Major Companies
Prepare Solutions
VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division will begin working with leading providers
to develop and deploy enhanced consumer smart card-based products and
"We are enthusiastic about exploring business solutions that incorporate the
VeriSmart System," said David L. Boyles, senior vice president of New Business
Ventures for American Express' Stored Value Group. "These types of products
have tremendous applicability to some of the products we will be launching in
the future. VeriSmart's open system architecture is exactly the kind of
technology that American Express is committed to applying to its global
infrastructure, so that we may ensure maximum customer satisfaction and
worldwide usability."
Sparbanken Bank (BABS), is Sweden's largest savings bank. "The VeriSmart
System will allow us to offer our customers a wide range of stored value card
applications. We look forward to working with VeriFone on this exciting new
program," said Jan Olof Brunila, vice president, Development, for Sparbanken.
"GTE is the largest publicly held telecommunications company in the world with
revenues of 20 billion dollars in 1995. It is also the largest U.S. based
local telephone company with wire line and wireless operations covering about
one third of these countries population. "GTE is interested in further
exploring this exciting new technology," said Jim Palma, senior manager, New
Product Markets.
"MasterCard is eager to test this product and offer an early pilot to our
members when it is ready," said Steve Mott, senior vice president, Electronic
Commerce/New Ventures for MasterCard International. "We believe VeriSmart
targets important emerging needs in the electronic commerce market."
Mondex International Ltd., the leading chip-card based electronic cash payment
system being introduced by institutions around the world, offers consumers a
secure and convenient alternative to cash. "This announcement marks another
important step forward for Mondex as a global electronic cash system. We are
working with VeriFone and others to deliver e-commerce applications that will
bring real benefits of convenience and security to consumers worldwide", said
Mike Young, head of New Product Development, Mondex International Ltd. "We
look forward to VeriSmart providing yet another secure path for offering
Mondex transactions over the Internet."
NIPSCO Industries, Inc., an energy-based holding company located in northern
Indiana, intends to initially offer the VeriSmart system to the broad base of
customers of its electric and natural gas utilities. "Through our strong
customer relationships, we can help the VeriFone alliance build a two-way
gateway to the home," said Barbara D. Haas, group vice president of Marketing
and Communications. "We plan to concentrate our efforts on developing ways to
use this two-way technology to read meters, automatically report electrical
outages and supply energy usage information to the customer."
SPS Payment Systems, Inc., is a provider of technology-based outsourcing
services. Principal businesses include: point of sale credit card transaction
processing; administration of consumer private label credit card programs; and
customized operating services such as help desk support and customer service.
"SPS Payment Systems has worked with VeriFone and utilized their hardware to
meet the retail point-of-sale needs of many of the clients for whom we process
credit and debit transactions. Their new VeriSmart System will represent an
opportunity for us to provide electronic payment processing through a variety
of consumer appliances such as personal/home ATM devices, smart phones or
PCs," said Patrick A. Albright, director of Industry Marketing, for SPS
Payment Systems.
Wells Fargo, a leading force behind the development of Mondex in the United
States, supports VeriFone's new technology. "The VeriSmart System is
ground-breaking technology that will significantly reduce the cost and
complexity of offering multiple applications to our Mondex customers," said
Janet Hartung-Crane, senior vice president of Wells Fargo's Electronic
Payments Division. Wells Fargo & Co., the 9th largest bank holding company in
the United States, has assets of $108.6 billion following completion of its
merger with First Interstate.
News Release (CyberCash): Monday, September 30, 1996
CyberCash Launches CyberCoin Service
Individuals can finally make small purchases on the Internet securely and
instantaneously with CyberCash's revolutionary new electronic coin service.
CyberCash, Inc. (Nasdaq: CYCH), today announced CyberCoin(TM), an innovative
payment service that enables cash transactions, typically from $0.25 to
$10.00, and can be used with funds drawn from a consumer's existing bank
"CyberCoin fulfills a growing need for consumers to purchase lower-priced and
'impulse' items on the Internet -- especially digital goods and services that
can be instantaneously downloaded to your computer, such as software,
articles, research, games and music," said Bill Melton, CEO of CyberCash.
"Internet merchants must offer consumers the ability to make spontaneous,
small denomination payments on the Internet to take electronic commerce to the
next level."
CyberCoin Provides Merchants with New Opportunities
"Shopping on the Internet for low-priced items will be as easy as pulling a
coin out of your pocket at the store, newsstand, or video arcade," said Ray
Speichert, CEO of Headgames, a Web merchant who will offer the online game
Worbble, using the CyberCoin service. "With CyberCoin, players from around the
world can compete against other players on the Internet on a pay-per-play
Until now, merchants have been unable to effectively sell low-priced,
value-added products and services over the Web. CyberCoin removes this
barrier, and opens up a new world of digital commerce opportunities. A broad
range of soft goods and services can now be sold and delivered electronically,
allowing merchants to drive incremental sales of items such as newsletters,
graphic art, real-time stock quotes and virtual games.
"As the premier provider of high quality financial information, Quote.COM's
mission is to fulfill the sophisticated needs of serious investors," said
Quote.COM President Chris Cooper. "CyberCoin will add a powerful pay-per view
option for on demand purchase of financial information, giving our subscribers
even greater flexibility to manage their portfolios."
CyberCoin Opens Up the Internet for the Consumer
Free, easy-to-use and secure, CyberCoin provides consumers with a
revolutionary new way to shop online. CyberCoin can be used with any existing
bank account or major credit card -- all that is needed is an Internet Wallet,
which is free to consumers and can be downloaded from the CyberCash Web site
at (
"There is undoubtedly a niche for coin payment on the Internet and CyberCash
is ahead of the pack in developing a user-friendly option for small cash
purchases online," said Parker Foley, Vice President and Director of
Electronic Commerce, First Union National Bank. "We are pleased to be among
the first to pilot this new service in 1996 and hope to offer its convenience
to our Internet customers by early next year."
Easy to download and install, the Internet Wallet is a password protected
software program that enables encrypted transactions to move between the
consumer, the merchant, and their banks. Just like an everyday wallet, the
Internet Wallet offers several types of payment options and can be used with
any major credit card in addition to the new CyberCoin payment service.
Online Shopping Made Easy With CyberCoin
CyberCoin provides the consumer with the ease and simplicity that has been
missing from the Internet shopping experience. When an individual on the Web
finds an item that he or she would like to purchase, the consumer simply
clicks on the Coin icon next to the goods. It's that simple. The entire
process takes only seconds. A complete transaction log of all purchases is
kept in the Wallet.
The consumer can easily, and at no cost, move money in and out of the Wallet
to use the CyberCoin service. The user chooses the amount of money he or she
wishes to move (in multiples of $20, up to $80), and selects whether to use
funds from a bank account or credit card. Security is ensured since the money
never leaves the bank-if the consumer's PC crashes, no funds are lost. Funds
in the CyberCash system are FDIC-insured, giving an added measure of security.
CyberCash Partners with Banks to Deliver CyberCoin Service
CyberCash will work with banks to integrate the CyberCoin technology and
services into the banks' Internet offerings for both their merchants and
consumers. Participating banks will offer the CyberCoin service to online
merchants and provide them with critical back-end processing capabilities and
access to existing financial networks. Merchants will pay the banks a
per-transaction fee, similar to a credit card transaction, to use the
CyberCoin service. CyberCash receives a fee for each transaction from the
Pricing and Availability
CyberCash's CyberCoin service is available now for banks, merchants and
consumers. First Union, First USA Paymentech, First Data Corporation and its
affiliated banks, and Michigan National Bank have already committed to offer
or pilot the CyberCoin service to merchants and/or to consumers before
the end of the year. Merchant server software is available immediately from
CyberCash on the Windows NT, Solaris and BSDI platforms, with other platform
versions available by the year-end. Consumer Internet Wallets can be
downloaded for free from the CyberCash Web site at Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-02 15:12:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: This list is a joke 
When I joined this mailing list, it had plenty of technical discussions
posted by people knowledgeable in cryptography. They have all since left.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-02 15:58:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SPAM] Timmy May's tentacle thinks I'm Timmy May's tentacle? 
Timmy May lies, rants, posts off-topic, and pollutes the cypherpunks
mailing list with his kinky sexual phantasies. Why is this cocksucking
limey faggot dying from the combination of AIDS and the mad cow disease
accusing me of being Timmy's tentacle? How could Timmy create a tentacle
that knows something about crypto when Timmy doesn't?

@_date: 1996-10-02 16:53:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SPAM] Timmy May has no life 
I suppose one of the reasons why Americans are so stupid is that so many
of them are of English origin. How does one donate to the IRA anyway?

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:06:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Public Apology (this list is a joke) 
You're not alone. Timmy May (fart) and many other spammers on this list
still know next to nothing about cryptography, despite posting dozens of
inane rants every day.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-03 14:11:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SPAM] More "fuckhead" e-mail from Timmy May and his young friends 
Timmy May posts inane rants with no crypto-relevance to this mailing list and
attributes nonsense to people who never said it. Therefore he fully deserves
every virtual fart being emitted in his general direction.

@_date: 1996-10-03 18:05:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SPAM] Timmy May the (alleged) animal lover 
I have no dog, nor any other pets.  Timmy May (fart) reportedly has two cats.
If you suspect that Timmy May (fart) sexually abuses his cats, or any other
animals, you should promptly contact the ASPCA and also alert rec.pets.cats.
(Frankly, I doubt that the old fart can get his dick up to sexually abuse
anything, including his cats. Senility puts an end to sexual molestation.)

@_date: 1996-10-03 19:18:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Making Remailers Widespread [REMAILERS] 
Here are two more ideas:
1. A bit to indicate that the recipient doesn't want to receive anonymous
e-mail if it contains the strings "fuck", "piss", "shit", "cunt", etc. Of
course, this can be circumvented with "f*ck u c*nt", but it shows good faith.
2. Limit the maximum number of e-mails that one remailer can send to
this address in a 24-hour period. I'd suggest using 2 bits:
00 - unlimited
01 - 10 / day
10 - 100 / day
11 - 1000 / day
with the default being 10 / day for addresses not in the database and also
for addresses added to the preferences database w/o specifying otherwise.
Thus, if you do expect to receive more than 10 anonymous e-mails / day via
one remailer, you must add your address to the database, not necessarily
blocking anythihg, but specifing that you want 100, 1000, or an unlimited
number of messages in a day.
When the count goes over the limit, a single e-mail is sent to the recipient
saying that there may be an attempt to mailbomb him, that some of his e-mail
was being junked, and that he can change the settings if he wants to.
This should prevent the kind of abuse you've described.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-03 20:25:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
Does LDS have an official position on GAK?
(We have at least one mormon asshole here, attilla, who's obviously pro-GAK)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-03 22:48:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: VENONA Project; KGB files reveal clue that broke British spy 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from SOLAR.RTD.UTK.EDU by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA20681 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 2 Oct 96 19:30:59 -0400
Received: from  (LOCALHOST.rtd.utk.edu)
           by solar.rtd.utk.edu; Wed, 2 Oct 96 19:25:40 EDT
Errors-To: kasaty at seanet.com
Reply-To: belarus at solar.rtd.utk.edu
Originator: belarus at solar.rtd.utk.edu
Sender: belarus at solar.rtd.utk.edu
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment:  BELARUS issues and communication
Fyi for any researchers in this field, accompanied by a related article in
The Daily Telegraph.
Stefan Lemieszewski

@_date: 1996-10-04 00:21:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fw: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
This reminds me of something I read about the race in the '50's and the '60's
as to whether the US or the USSR would launch the first satellite, the first
man in space, etc.
The US claimed that a nation's sovereignty ends a few thousand feet into
the atmosphere, so they had the right to fly the U2 planes at about 20K ft.
The Soviets supposedly kept claiming that everyone's airspace extends many
miles beyond the atmosphere, so if any US spy craft flying above Soviet
territory will be shot at.
Eventually the Soviets launched the first satellite and the first man in
space who, for technical reasons, had to fly through the space which the
USSR formerly recognized as other country's airspace. Then they suddenly
forgot about their claim and didn't even object when US remote sensing
satellites flew over the USSR some years later.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-04 08:38:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [FACTS] Mountain Meadows Massacre 
No wonder the criminal cult doesn't want its foul deeds subjected to
public scrutiny by "dead-agenting" its critics. Is Timmy May a
paid cult apologist?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-04 13:13:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Macintosh -- the Surveillance System for the Rest of Us 
Tim is an ignorant asshole who knows nothing about cryptography and floods
this mailing list with inane rants and personal attacks.  I recommend that
he be massively killfiled.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-04 17:07:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunk forgery. 
There's a character on cypherpunks named Timmy May with a long history
of attributing to people various nonsense they didn't say.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-04 20:01:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Mormon Asshole?"  re: GAK 
Mark Twain had some very negative things to say about your criminal cult.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-04 23:34:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clipper III on the table 
Hear, hear.  If I own a computer and some contractor is writing something
on it for me, I should have the right to tell the contractor that I don't
want, e.g., any unlicences software and any data encrypted so that I can't
read it.
Likewise the gubmint or a corporation bigger than mine is free to say that
there should be no data on its computers or its contractors computers that
they can't read.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-04 23:50:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [FACTS] Mountain Meadows Massacre 
Naw - you're not worth badmouthing - unless you're Timmy May's tentacle.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-05 00:15:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May the buffoon 
I'm glad that you agreed with my assessment of Timmy May.

@_date: 1996-10-05 05:51:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State [RANT] 
What is the crypto-relevance of the above-quoted passage?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-05 12:33:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clipper III on the table 
Well, no. I (and any other employer) should be able to specify that
if you do work _for me, you do it on either my equipment, or on
equipment configured and secured to my standards.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-05 14:32:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: MacGAK: Tim has a snit. Again. 
Clarification: I think AP is a cool idea, but Jim Bell is an obnoxious asshole,
almost (not quite) as ignorant of cryptography as the senile Timmy May (fart).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-06 12:54:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Mormon Asshole?"  re: GAK 
Well - I have a very different opinion of all religions in general and
your criminal cult in particular, and I think we'll just have to agree
to disagree. We have nothing to gain by debating the virtues of LDS any
further - and if we did, we should do it on alt.religion.mormon or on
soc.religion.mormon moderated, not on this mailing list.
There's an asshole named Timmy May who started this flame thread, and
many others like it. Timmy has nothing to contribute to the cryptography
discussions, so he entertains himself by attacking various people and
their religious views and watching the resulting flame wars.
I suggest that in the future we all ignore Timmy's flame bait.
Just killfile the asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-06 12:58:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
(a bunch of hate-filler nonsense)
That's "Lubavicher". (A number of my close relatives are.)
That's a pretty ambiguous statement. Are you saying that disproportionately
many of Hitler's supporters were homosexual, and that homosexuality permeated
Nazi ideology (the facts that the "politically correct" historians are trying
to suppress, as documented in the book _The Pink Swastika_)?
This religious war thread, started by Timmy May, has nothing to do with
cryptography. Take it (and Timmy) elsewhere, please.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-06 13:26:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [FACTS] Mountain Meadows Massacre 
Hear, hear. The whole flame war was started singelhandedly by Timmy May who
posted some flame bait/personal attacks, as he had done many times before.
Hear, hear.  Timmy May has no credibility.  Just ignore everything he says,
since none of it has anything to do with cryptography.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-07 03:54:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
Q: How can you tell that Timmy May is posting lies, personal attacks, and
   religious war flame bait?
A: He posts them to cypherpunks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-08 04:42:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
Well, there are two issues:
When Alice buys her groceries and pays with a credit card, there are two
kinds of information involved:
1. What Alice bought;
2. Who Alice is.
 might include the fact that Alice bought some fat-free yoghurt.
 might include the fact that Alice lives at 123 Main St and makes
 $150K per annum.
If these two pieces of information are combined and sold to a direct marketing
company, then Alice might get some junk mail or telemarketing calls advising
her of other exciting diet opportunities.
American Express does the most extensive analysis of purchases paid for via
its cards, and gladly sells the results of its analysis to marketers. (Yep -
stuff like "the list of people who bought over $10 worth of health food w/
AmEx" is present and real, not a potential threat to privacy).
I *don't think* (but I could be wrong) that Visa and MasterCard's clearing
houses do this kind of purchase analysis now, but they certainly have the
ability. Some large banks that issue Visa and MasterCard cards do sell
marketing databases similar to AmEx's (based only on purchases made with their
cards), but each individual bank is smaller than AmEx.
Therefore, AFAIK, right now one is relatively safe from blanket analysis of
purchases by staying away from AmEx and from VISA/MC issued by certain large
banks. (Hint: a certain unnamed bank that arose from a merger recently has
been touting to marketers the fact that it's so big that its purchase analysis
database is as good as AmEx's.)
I suspect that if one contacts one's card issuer and requests in writing
that the information about your purchases not be distributed to third
parties w/o a court order, they'd probably comply. But it's only a matter
of time before the clearinghouses start doing the purchase analysis, as
David said.
As far as  is concerned, I can safely predict that if a financial institution
tried issuing credit cards or secured credit cards or debit cards without
asking the holder's SS# and identity (e.g., paid via anonymous e-cash),
they'd probably have audit visits from
a) the Federal Reserve
b) the office of the comptroller of the currency
c) the IRS (SS# is needed because the interest paid on the card may be
   deductible)
asking to prove that no money laundering or tax evasion is going on, and
shutting down the operations until the negative is proven.
Now, suppose you open an institution that a) puts a phoney name on the credit
card, b) takes down your real name, address, SS etc for its files, but
promises in writing not to reveal the identify or the purchasing patterns
to anyone except LEO's with a court order.
It might sell... I might even get one...
[An interesting twist: The Wiz, a very nice electronics store in NYC, only
accepts credit cards in combination with a photo ID. :-) ]
Such an outfit would last until the first big dispute. "Dispute" as in, someone
charges a purchase to the card and I claim I never made it. Or, I buy a gizmo,
decide to return it, and the merchant refuses to take it. With anonymity, the
disputant is likely to get screwed; or the issuer; never the merchant.
Another possibility is to issue a charge card (payable in full at the end of
the month, getting revenue from the annual fee), rather than a credit card, so
it could claim not to be subject to certain Federal Reserve's regulations that
have to do with credit card disputes. But then it probably can't be Visa/MC and
can't use their clearginhouses.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-08 12:08:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Can somebody unsubscribe cyberpromo from CP? 
As usual, Timmy May is the prime suspect.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-08 14:01:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Did Jesus masturbate ? 
Timmy May sent the initial mormon-bashing flame bait.
Dunno about Jesus, but Timmy probably masturbates a lot at the flame
wars he provokes with his flame bait and personal attacks.
He ain't got the brains to learn any crypto, so he says it's not necessary.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-08 23:41:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: EUB - Pay attention next time guys. 
Where the heck is 'id'?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-09 07:50:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PLEASE take Mormon/LDS stuff to private mail. 
I concur. Timmy May started the mormon-bashing thread.
Please ignore all the flame bait emanating from Timmy May.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-09 11:28:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Agence France Presse: Tuesday, October 1, 1996
Swiss Socialists Call for Abolition of Banking Secrecy
BERN-- Socialist members of the Swiss parliament tabled a motion calling for
abolition of banking secrecy to combat tax evasion, on Tuesday.
The motion urged the government to act quickly to remove article 47 of federal
banking law which lays down penalties of six months in prison and/or a fine of
50,000 Swiss francs (40,000 dollars) for any breach of banking secrecy.
The penalties may be enforced against anyone who works, or has worked, in the
banking sector.
The law was approved in 1934 to protect people, notably Jews, being persecuted
by Hitler's Nazi party in Germany who risked the death penalty for trying to
protect their assets in foreign banks and other institutions.
"At the time this law was adopted against the activities of the Gestapo (German
Nazi police) I would have voted in favour," said member of parliament Jean
Ziegler who tabled the motion in the name of the socialist group. "But today it
has resulted in total protection and serves only to facilitate the flight of
capital from the Third World and tax evasion."
The intention was to enable Switzerland to "adopt the European norm" concerning
banking secrecy, he said.
Removal of the penalties would not in any way affect normal "commercial
confidentiality", he said.
Late on Monday members of parliament voted unanimously in the national council
to set up an independent enquiry to investigate Switzerland's financial
dealings, notably in gold, with Nazi forces before and during World War II and
what has become of assets placed by the persecuted in bank accounts, and
through insurance policies and lawyers.
Banking secrecy is to be lifted for the members of this commission to enable
them to investigate accounts in private banks and in the central bank.
International Herald Tribune: Tuesday, October 1, 1996
Waging Cyberwar: Is the World Ready?
Steve Lohr
It was the OPEC meeting in May 2000 that started the crisis. The oil-price
hawks, led by Iran, demanded a sharp cutback in production to drive prices up
to ''at least $60 a barrel."
The stormy gathering of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ended
on May 4, with a shouting match between the Iranian and Saudi Arabian oil
ministers. Over the next two weeks, Iran and its allies mobilized troops and
fired on Saudi warships. But they also unleashed an arsenal of high-technology
weapons to try to destabilize the Saudi government and prevent the United
States from intervening.
A huge refinery near Dhahran was destroyed by an explosion and fire because of
a mysterious malfunction in its computerized controls. A software ''logic
bomb'' caused a ''new Metro-Superliner'' to slam into a misrouted freight train
near Laurel, Maryland, killing 60 people and critically injuring another 120.
The Bank of England found ''sniffer'' programs running amok in its electronic
funds transfer system. And a ''computer worm'' started corrupting files in the
Pentagon's top-secret force deployment data base.
The opening scenes from a Hollywood script or a new Tom Clancy novel? No, these
are excerpts from a role-playing game conducted last year at the government's
National Defense University in Washington. The goal was to generate some
serious thinking about ''information warfare.''
Today, there are a lot of people thinking seriously about information warfare,
not only at the Pentagon and the CIA but also in the executive offices of
banks, securities firms and other companies. Once dismissed as the stuff of
science fiction, high-tech information warfare is fast becoming a reality.
Defense and intelligence officials believe that enemy nations, terrorists and
criminal groups either already have the capability to mount information warfare
strikes or soon will. Criminals are quickly progressing beyond the vandalism
and petty theft associated with teenage hackers and into robbery and extortion
schemes ranging up to millions of dollars, corporate executives and private
investigators say.
In the future, they fear, information warfare assaults could be made against
commercial networks like the banking system or utilities in several states.
Yet there is a heated debate among experts in this emerging field about whether
the kinds of catastrophic incidents cited in the National Defense University
war game are imminent threats or worst-case nightmares.
''A couple of years ago, no one took information warfare seriously,'' said
Howard Frank, director of the information technology office at the Defense
Advanced Research Project Agency, or DARPA. ''But the more you learn about it,
the more concerned you become.''
Others reply that the worst threats mentioned are mostly speculation.
''Information warfare is a risk to our nation's economy and defense,'' said
Martin Libicki, a senior fellow at the National Defense University. ''But I
believe we will find ways to cope with these attacks, adjust and shake them
off, just as we do to natural disasters like hurricanes.''
Experts on both sides of the debate do agree that the growing reliance on
computer networks and telecommunications is making the nation increasingly
vulnerable to ''cyber attacks'' on military war rooms, power plants, telephone
networks, air traffic control centers and banks. John Deutch, the director of
Central Intelligence, told Congress in June that such assaults ''could not only
disrupt our daily lives, but also seriously jeopardize our national and
economic security.'' ''The electron, in my view,'' Mr. Deutch warned, ''is the
ultimate precision-guided weapon.''
Last July, President Bill Clinton created a Commission on Critical
Infrastructure Protection to craft a coordinated policy to deal with the
Within the government, information warfare tactics and intelligence are highly
classified issues. But the CIA has recently created an Information Warfare
Center. And the National Security Agency intends to set up an information
warfare unit staffed by as many as 1,000 people, with both offensive and
defensive expertise, as well as a 24-hour response team, according to a staff
report by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which was
initiated by Senator Sam Nunn, Democrat of Georgia. This budding warfare
industry is an eclectic field indeed, ranging from computer scientists whose
work is funded by the government to hackers-for-hire who specialize in theft,
extortion and sabotage. In his Senate testimony, Mr. Deutch said the CIA had
determined that cyber attacks are now ''likely to be within the capabilities of
a number of terrorist groups,'' including the Hezbollah in the Middle East.
The weapons of information warfare are mostly computer software, like
destructive logic bombs and eavesdropping sniffers, or advanced electronic
hardware, like a high-energy radio frequency device, known as a HERF gun.
In theory, at least, these weapons could cripple the computer systems that
control everything from the electronic funds transfer systems of banks to
electric utilities to battlefield tanks.
For the military, information warfare raises the prospect of a new deal for
America's adversaries. Cyberwar units could sidestep or cripple conventional
weaponry, undermining the advantage the United States holds.
''Even a third-tier country has access to first-class programmers, to
state-of-the-art computer hardware and expertise in this area,'' said Barry
Horton, principal deputy assistant secretary of defense, who oversees the
Pentagon's information warfare operations. ''There is a certain leveling of the
playing field.''
In the business world, the reported hacker activity to date is mostly stealing
credit card numbers, vandalizing software or harassing Internet service
Citibank got an alarming brush with the problem two years ago, when a Russian
computer hacker tapped into the bank's funds transfer system, taking more than
$10 million.
Citibank will not discuss the case, but investigators say the bank recovered
all but $400,000 Major breakdowns caused by computer intruders have not yet
occurred. But there is evidence that more sophisticated hackers are now at
work. Science Applications International Corp., a defense contractor and
technology security firm, surveyed more than 40 major corporations who
confidentially reported that they lost an estimated $800 million due to
computer break-ins last year, both in lost intellectual property and money.
Private investigators and bankers say they are aware of four banks, three in
Europe and one in New York, that have made recent payments of roughly $100,000
each to hacker extortionists. The bankers and investigators would not name the
banks, but the weapon used to blackmail the banks was a logic bomb - a software
program that, when detonated, could cripple a bank's internal computer system.
Time: October 7, 1996
Cyber Vending Machine: Cash on the Internet
By MICHAEL KRANTZ
It is a truth universally acknowledged that an infant media-distribution
network in possession of a large audience must be in want of a way to cash in
on it. Case in point: the World Wide Web, the interconnected computer universe
that teems with affluent consumers whose only means of spending money online is
to surrender their credit card to insecure networks--hardly a recipe for
This week CyberCash, based in Reston, Virginia, launches a product that could
change all that, and turn the Web into one giant vending machine. The company's
CyberCoin system will allow online "microtransactions" of as little as a
quarter. "We think," says an exuberant Larry Gilbert, CyberCash's vice
president and general manager, "it's going to be the core of electronic
commerce on the Internet."
Here's how the system works: starting this week, you'll visit the CyberCash Web
site, download an empty electronic wallet onto your hard drive and register it
with the company (if your own bank signs up with CyberCash, it will offer you
its own self-named wallet). The software acts like an ATM, allowing you to
transfer $ 20 to $ 100 from your bank into your wallet before heading off onto
the Web. When you reach a site that accepts CyberCash, you can spend your money
by using either your credit card or CyberCoins.
For online entrepreneurs, these 'coins,' digital markers of your money, could
be the magic bullet that makes commerce viable on the Web. Suppose that, say, a
certain TIME writer wants to promote his short stories online. Putting them on
a Web site is a breeze. But suppose he wants to charge readers 50[cents] a
story? Nobody's going to fork over a credit-card number for that.
CyberCoins could let thousands of such harebrained Web schemes bloom. Take
Worbble, a multiplayer word game created by Headgames Inc. of Edmonton,
Alberta, that is set to hit the Web next week. From five to 2,000 players at
once will look for words hidden in a 3-by-3 grid; the first player to find each
word will win $ 10 to $ 60. The entrance fee: one buck. The currency:
CyberCoin. "The product fits our marketing strategy like a glove," says
Headgames president Ray Speichert.
That's music to CyberCash, whose revenue will come from usage fees, just like
those of credit-card issuers. "On a 25[cents] transaction," says Gilbert,
"we'll charge the bank 6[cents], and they'll charge the merchant 8[cents]." As
transaction sizes go up, they'll get a much smaller percentage; still, over
millions of users, CyberCoin profits could add up to big bucks.
Inevitably, the company will have company. CyberCash launches CyberCoins with a
respectable roster of partners: some 30 Web hosting companies will offer
CyberCash to their client sites, and by year's end CyberCash expects about 100
Web sites to take them up on it. Initially six banks will offer electronic
wallets to their customers, including the Charlotte, North Carolina-based First
Union, the nation's sixth largest. "There's an obvious niche for 'coin'
payments on the Internet," says Parker Foley, First Union's director of
electronic commerce. "CyberCash is the first company to have their model
But most banks are sitting out this round, notably Citibank, which is
developing its own E-money software. And numerous start-ups are readying
entries in the online commerce sweepstakes. And that can only mean transaction
fees will drop quickly, just as they have in nearly every software-driven
business extant.
Is cybercash safe from hackers and outright criminals? Last fall the Bank of
International Settlements appointed a task force to examine security issues for
E-money products like CyberCoin. The group, headed by Israel Sendrovic, an
executive vice president at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, reviewed a
raft of upcoming 'smart card' and/or software-based products. Its report,
released early this month, conveys guarded optimism. "These systems are much
more secure than credit cards," says Sendrovic. "There's no single
American Banker: Friday, October 4, 1996
Banks Like Export Plan for High-Power Encryption
By DREW CLARK
Bank technology experts have reacted favorably to the Clinton administration's
proposal to liberalize the development and sale of strong data security tools.
This week, the government said it would lift export restrictions on certain
kinds of cryptography, provided U.S. companies agree to cooperate with a
procedure that would give law enforcement officials access to the "keys" of
such codes, upon presentation of a warrant.
Banks were heartened by the announcement because many view the widely used Data
Encryption Standard -- a low-level form of data scrambling -- as inadequate
protection against the rising computer power of so-called hackers.
Though banks can use a complex 56-bit data encryption key for financial
transactions, sensitive communications with overseas branches are limited to a
less powerful 40-bit standard. Banks hope that a loosening of restrictions in
general will benefit them, too.
"This policy announcement is better than anyone expected," said Kawika M.
Daguio, federal representative at the American Bankers Association in
Washington. "It is gravy for us, but it's the meat and potatoes for the
hardware and software industries."
"Banks probably won't be adversely affected," said Stewart A. Baker, a partner
at Steptoe & Johnson, a Washington law firm, "and they will be left pretty much
where they were before." The announcement by Vice President Al Gore said that
controls over powerful encryption technology would be lifted as the government
and private sector develop a "key recovery" system. (International Business
Machines Corp. already has stepped forward to head a consortium dedicated to
creating such a system.)
Current law forbids the export of computer hardware or software that uses
cryptographic codes with digital "keys" -- randomly generated combinations of
0's and 1's -- longer than 40 bits. The longer the key length, the more
impenetrable the code.
For three years, the government has said it would permit the general use of
more complex cryptography only if the companies using it placed their keys in
the hands of the government or a third party.
"Key escrow," as it is known in the technical community, is needed in order to
prosecute people who have stored evidence of illegal activity on the hard drive
of a computer, officials argued. But the private sector -- banks included --
have balked at handing over such access to any third party.
The disagreement gave rise to a compromise system known as "key recovery" in
which companies would hold their own keys but could be required to divulge
certain information about specific transactions when presented with a court
order or warrant.
"What is novel is that it doesn't escrow any keys," said Homayoon Tajalli,
executive vice president of Trusted Information Systems, Glenwood, Md., one of
IBM's consortium partners.
"If the government comes and gets this data with a court order," explained Mr.
Tajalli, "then they take a digital lockbox from the third party or parties that
hold it, and they read the message."
Kathy Kincaid, director of information technology for IBM, said the difference
between key escrow and key recovery is analogous to the following approach to
securing a house when its owner goes on vacation: Instead of giving a key to
two neighbors, the owner gives each neighbor half the combination to a lockbox
that holds the key.
"You must have both halves and put them together in exactly the right
sequence," said Ms. Kincaid. "This provides protection against a single point
of attack."
Companies participating in development of key recovery systems include: Apple
Computer Inc., Digital Equipment Corp., Groupe Bull, Hewlett-Packard Co., NCR
Corp., RSA Data Security, Sun Microsystems Inc., Trusted Information Systems,
and United Parcel Service.
And a government official said banks may even play a role.
"Banks have really taken a leadership role in the responsible management of
cryptography," said a senior Clinton administration official who asked not to
be named. "Banks are already doing what we want other organizations to do:
safeguarding their keys and providing them, when necessary, to law
Heidi Kukis, a spokeswoman for Vice President Gore, said: "This key recovery
system is the proper balance between commercial interests and national
But not all agree. Some argue that the key recovery system still gives the
government too much control over information flow.
"Providing 56-bit encryption with key recovery doesn't help us," said Netscape
spokeswoman Chris Holton. "The government is saying that you can export it but
you have to provide us with the keys. We feel that is extortion on the part of
the government."
"We are making the best of a bad situation," said Scott Schnell, vice president
of marketing for RSA Data Security.
"The bottom line is that the standard proposed by the government is an
insubstantial step in the right direction," he said. "We want to make sure it
is usable and prepare for the day that products will be available that do not
have this key recovery situation."
The government's announcement came three months after a National Research
Council report on the role of cryptography in an information- oriented society.
The report encouraged liberalization of government standards and questioned the
feasibility of the key escrow system then favored by government.
"We raised the issue about the security of key escrow systems," said law
professor Kenneth W. Dam, chairman of the body that prepared the report, "and
we said the government should work on it."
"I take it this is an attempt to move in the way of key escrow, with the help
of industry," said Mr. Dam.
Reuters: Sunday, October 6, 1996
Dutch Banks to Be First with Smartcards
By Lucas van Grinsven
AMSTERDAM-- Dutch banks are poised to become the first in the world to
introduce computer smartcards on a nationwide scale this year, eventually
giving 15 million people the possibility of living their lives without cash.
Dozens of smartcard trials are being carried out across the globe and industry
pundits forecast billions will be in circulation at the beginning of the next
millennium, but it's the Dutch who lead the field.
Undeterred by union warnings of thousands of job losses in the sector, Dutch
banks will start issuing smartcards to their clients this month and by October
1997 all 15 million people in the Netherlands will have access to them.
The Dutch smartcards are not just reloadable cash cards but can also be used
for on-line bank transfers, retail loyalty schemes such as airmiles,
teleshopping and ticket reservation.
A Dutch consumer can store small amounts of cash on a card which can be used
even for purchases such as icecream or bus fares. The money will be transferred
from the card to the retailer's account without costly on-line links via the
More expensive articles will ideally be paid on-line, validated by the client's
secret four digit individual code.
Smartcards can be loaded at "cash dispensers," but by the end of 1996 topping
up will also be possible at home via smartphones or cheap "home-loaders"
connected to an ordinary telephone.
"The Netherlands is forerunner. We're the first country to introduce smartcards
on a national scale," said a spokesman for the Dutch "Chipknip" consortium.
There will be two types of Dutch smartcards, issued by two groups of banks,
Rabobank and ABN AMRO on one side with their "Chipknip," and Postbank and PTT
Telecom on the other with the "Chipper."
"Our card has slightly more computer memory which will make payment
transactions more secure," said the Chipknip spokesman.
The Chipper consortium on the other hand claims its card has a multifunctional
character. "It's a services card. You can also use it to book cinema tickets
and then go the theatre where your card is checked at the entrance for
identification. You don't need a physical paper ticket anymore," a Chipper
spokesman said.
Chipknip says such applications will also be possible with their card in the
near future. In a bid to avoid a battle of standards, Chipknip said it planned
to offer all Postbank customers their type of smartcard.
"This country is too small for two different standards," an ABN AMRO spokesman
said. The computer chips on the current generation of smartcards can hold as
much of four densely-typed A4 pages of information, but the industry keeps
expanding capacity in the fight for this potential multi-billion dollar market.
The more information that can be stored on one card, the fewer smartcards
consumers will have to be carried.
Trials in the U.S, such as one carried out in Atlanta at this year's Olympic
Games by Visa, focus on payment transactions.
The Spanish and French governments will launch smartcards on a huge scale next
year to make health care and social security safer and more efficient. People
will carry their medical or social records on a card.
Public transport is another area for smartcards as they reduce ticket sales
time and fare-dodging.
Contactless fare collection is currently pioneered in the South Korean capital,
Seoul, using systems developed by Mikron Indentification, an Austrian company
which was bought by Philips Electronics in 1995 and which also runs pilots in
Smartcards are also used to personalise GSM telephones, computers and
pay-television. Although the first smartcard was developed as early as in 1977
by Motorola and Bull for a bank in France, the home of the smartcard, they are
only now catching on, but without one standard leading the industry.
The choice of an encryption method to ensure safety is still being debated as
is the method for contactless reading.
The battle over smartcard technology and licence fees is being fought between a
few companies, giants such as Motorola, Bull, Philips, Visa and Mastercard but
also LSI, Thomson and specialised France's Gemplus and Britain's Mondex.
But Dutch banks and retailers, who will have to carry most of the
infrastructure costs, will not wait for a single standard despite higher costs
of adapting to different systems at a later stage. The immediate cost
advantages are far too clear.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-09 18:05:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recent Web site cracks 
They used firewalls that are known to be easily crackable.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-09 19:08:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: L.Detwieler 
Is it time to update the welcome text and add yours truly to it?
Timmy May is an asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-09 19:08:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May is a fine person. 
Ha ha ha! Timmy May really lost it. Now he spams this mailing list with
"anonymous" rants, praising himself in third person. He is pathetic.
I'd almost feel sorry for Timmy May if he weren't such an ignorant, arrogant,
obnoxious, loud-mouthed jerk.
Timmy May doesn't know shit about cryptography. He wouldn't know a public key
cryptosystem from a man-in-the-middle attack if one of them bit him on his ass.
Timmy has no life. That's why he floods this mailing list with his stupid
off-topic rants.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-09 19:10:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: drivers for HP LaserJet 
The above has no crypto-relevance - no wonder it's cc:'d to Timmy May!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 06:00:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
Yes. Timmy May started it, but flaming the mormons.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 06:00:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Swan song... 
I'm very sorry to hear that. Another person who actually knows crypto and
is willing to share his knowledge has been driven off this list by Timmy-
generated noise and flame wars. What a shame.
I'm looking forward to it. Would you be interested in my "wire clippings"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 11:48:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
News Release (Netscape): Monday, October 7, 1996
Netscape to Use CyberCash Technology
Netscape Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: NSCP) and CyberCash, Inc. (NASDAQ:
CYCH) today announced a technology and marketing relationship to broaden
payment options for Internet consumers. As part of the agreement, CyberCash has
licensed its CyberCoin Internet payment technology to Netscape. Netscape will
bundle its technology into future versions of Netscape products, including
Netscape LivePayment server software for online payment processing.
The two companies will also collaborate on including future CyberCash payment
services, such as CyberCash's electronic check services, into future Netscape
commerce offerings. Netscape and CyberCash plan to jointly market these
Internet payment solutions to consumers and businesses, and will work together
on efforts to accelerate the deployment of Secure Electronic Transactions (SET)
credit card payment protocol in the marketplace.
"We have had customer demand for small value payment technology particularly
from the professional information publishing industry -- the integration of
CyberCash's CyberCoin with Netscape's commerce solutions provides our customers
with a way to complete small transactions over the Internet," said Srivats
Sampath, vice president of marketing for server, tools and applications at
Netscape. "By offering a range of payment options for businesses and consumers,
Netscape and CyberCash will help expand the range of goods and services
available in the electronic marketplace."
"Combined with Netscape's customer base, CyberCoin is filling a need in the
marketplace for small payment processing," said Denis Yaro, executive vice
president, products and operations at CyberCash. "This is a huge step in our
efforts to bring Internet transaction technology to consumers and businesses
and to increase online inventory, making the virtual mall a reality."
"We are pleased to see this agreement between Netscape and CyberCash," said
Chuck White, senior vice president of First Data Card Services Group's
Electronic Funds Services unit. "The relationship between Netscape and
CyberCash will make it easier to deliver integrated payment solutions to our
client financial institutions, and their merchant customers that are using
Netscape LivePayment."
CyberCoin is a payment service which permits online purchases for items costing
between 25 cents and $10.00. This new payment solution opens up significant
opportunities for merchants to market low cost, high value items such as news
and information, graphics, games and music. It also allows merchants to
unbundle larger product offerings, and sell them in smaller increments.
Financial institutions to offer the CyberCoin service include First Union Bank,
First USA Paymentech, Michigan National Bank and First Data Corp.
Bundling CyberCash's CyberCoin technology into future releases of Netscape's
LivePayment point-of-sale software will enable online businesses to accept
multiple payment methods and implement new pricing and business models.
Netscape LivePayment will integrate this new payment functionality seamlessly
and cost-effectively, providing business people with administration and
configuration controls with flexible logging reports, and a variety of sample
merchant applications to minimize the start-up development costs of merchants.
Both Netscape and CyberCash will market Netscape LivePayment software to
businesses looking to develop or expand online distribution channels.
Netscape plans to integrate CyberCoin into future versions of Netscape
Navigator client software, which includes technology that streamlines
consumers' shopping experience by providing a uniform interface for Internet
purchases and transactions. Similar to a real wallet, this technology will
organize into one place a user's credit card numbers, shipping addresses,
digital IDs, electronic receipts and other payment instruments needed to
purchase goods and services on the Internet.
Netscape and CyberCash will coordinate their efforts on SET to assure
interoperability between their credit card-related electronic commerce
implementations. Netscape was one of the principal architects of the SET
specifications proposed by Visa International and MasterCard International.
Committed to being among the first to deliver SET-compliant products to the
marketplace, both Netscape and CyberCash will also collaborate with other
important industry leaders in an effort to facilitate SET's arrival in the
shortest possible timeframe. About Netscape Netscape Communications Corporation
(NASDAQ: NSCP) is a leading provider of open software for linking people and
information over enterprise networks and the Internet. The company offers a
full line of clients, servers, development tools and commercial applications to
create a complete platform for next-generation, live online applications.
Netscape Communications Corporation is based in Mountain View, California.
About CyberCash
CyberCash, Inc., (NASDAQ: CYCH), of Reston, Virginia, founded in August 1994,
is a leading developer of software and service solutions for secure financial
transactions over the Internet. The CyberCash system is designed to allow banks
to offer secure Internet payments to their customers. CyberCash works with
virtually all financial processing institutions, and is currently working with
VISA and MasterCard to develop and implement the Secure Electronic Transaction
(SET) protocol for online credit card transactions. The company's initial
service, which handles payments using major credit cards, was introduced in
April 1995.
CyberCoin, the company's innovative micropayment service that enables cash
transactions, was launched on Sept. 30, 1996. CyberCash's electronic check
service is expected to be released in Q4, 1996.
Edge: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
VeriFone Introduces Personal ATM and VeriSmart
VeriFone, Inc., Monday announced plans to bring the convenience of a bank
automatic teller machine into the homes of millions of consumers around the
world, enabling them to replace cash and access dozens of personal services
anytime, anywhere, using telephones, televisions, personal computers and other
low-cost devices and information appliances.Announced Monday at the ABA Bank
Card Conference, VeriFone unveiled plans to introduce a low-cost, palm-sized,
smart card reader/writer called the Personal ATM (P-ATM). The P-ATM will
connect to any standard telephone line, allowing consumers to interact with
their bank account to download cash,' securely and conveniently in the privacy
of the home or office.
In addition, leveraging VeriFone's leadership in Internet commerce, the P-ATM
will also interface with the VeriFone vWallet, and any stored-value card
scheme, enabling consumers to make purchases over the Internet, download funds
from their bank onto their smart card, transfer funds between accounts, and
perform on-line transactions between consumers and merchants. VeriFone also
revealed the development of the VeriSmart System architecture, which is
expected to accelerate consumer adoption of smart card applications. The
VeriSmart System will integrate a low-cost personal ATM device, a powerful set
of software applications that lets consumers securely interact with any
provider offering smart card services, and a comprehensive package of support
Applications might include the ability to download electronic cash from their
bank, instantly receive rewards from loyalty programs, or provide selected
healthcare information to their doctor or pharmacist.
Six leading technology companies -- CIDCO, Gemplus, Key Tronic, Mondex
International, Scientific Atlanta and WebTV Networks, Inc. -- have announced
their support for VeriSmart and plan to work with VeriFone to develop further
technologies around the system.
"We are taking an aggressive role in developing the infrastructure for smart
card applications with our plans to introduce the Personal ATM and the
VeriSmart System," said Hatim Tyabji, chairman, president and CEO of VeriFone.
"VeriSmart will be the first technology that is card-scheme and hardware-device
independent, uniting all the elements in a truly end-to-end solution. We plan
to actively layer VeriSmart technology into our merchant point-of-sale
terminals and Omnihost client-server systems, to create solutions that bridge
all VeriFone markets worldwide. This action unveils the third element in our
three pronged strategy -- traditional debit/credit business, Internet commerce
and now consumer smart card technologies -- expanding VeriFone's leadership in
secure payments technologies worldwide."
In addition, American Express, GTE, Hewlett-Packard Company, MasterCard, NIPSCO
Industries, Inc., Sparbanken Bank (BABS), Sears Payment Systems (SPS), and
Wells Fargo have all announced support of the VeriSmart System.
The VeriSmart System is being designed to electronically link consumers to
their banks, telephone and utility companies, retail merchants and other
personal services. Using any one of a variety of smart card-ready devices, such
as the Personal ATM, telephone, PC, or set-top-box, a consumer will access
numerous personal services and interact with multiple stored-value card
schemes, loyalty programs, identification, and health care information.
The VeriSmart System will provide end-to-end security for all communications
between the access device and the smart card applications on the VeriSmart
server, ensuring data integrity of financial transactions and other
confidential information.
"This is the beginning of a new era for smart card applications," said Tom
Kilcoyne, general manager of VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division.
"The industry has been waiting for a compelling, cost-effective solution that
enables financial institutions, and a broad range of consumer service
providers, to move aggressively to build smart card applications. Endorsement
in the consumer market from these respected companies, combined with VeriFone's
global leadership position and expertise in the secure payment transaction
market, supports our belief in VeriSmart as a powerful system that can
accelerate development of the market for smart cards worldwide."
Wide Industry Support VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division's effort to enhance
the market for smart cards is drawing the support of consumer market leaders
that will contribute in pivotal areas of the system.
CIDCO Inc., the world's leading producer of subscriber terminal equipment that
supports intelligent network services being offered by telephone operating
companies, has formed an alliance with VeriFone to incorporate VeriSmart
technology into its products and to work with VeriFone on future projects.
"CIDCO is excited to be collaborating with VeriFone in the explosive consumer
smart card market," said Paul Locklin, CIDCO president and CEO. "The VeriSmart
system brings a strong added value to the products we market to our regional
Bell operating company customers." "VeriFone and Gemplus have had a close and
long-standing relationship over the years and we are proud to be part of this
latest breakthrough solution," said Marc Lassus, Gemplus CEO. "As a market
leader, our strategy has been to partner with companies that enable us to offer
the best-of-breed solutions, and our participation in VeriSmart extends this
strategy to the consumer market for smart cards."
"As consumers become more accepting of smart cards, initiatives like VeriSmart
will make it easier for banks and other institutions to introduce new products
and services that provide greater choice and convenience," said Ruann F. Ernst,
general manager of HP's Financial Services Business Unit.
Associated Press: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
Bankers Hope to Control 'Electronic Cash'
By E. SCOTT RECKARD
The largest organization of U.S. banks wants "smart cards" and "electronic
cash" limited to the banking industry.
The American Bankers Association, in its first official position on how
electronic cash should evolve, says such "stored-value" cards should be issued
only by regulated institutions with direct access to Federal Reserve payment
services -- namely banks, thrifts and credit unions.
The bankers' recommendation comes as several software companies are also
jockeying to provide payment systems over the Internet.
At a convention here, the bankers trade group warned that users of prepaid
phone cards have been ripped off by fly-by-night issuers. The same could happen
in storing funds for general use on plastic cards like credit cards or in
computers, the bankers said in issuing their report Sunday.
"If a nonbank issuer of stored value fails, consumers could be left holding the
bag - an empty bag," said James M. Culbertson, president for the past year of
the ABA and chairman of First National Bank in Asheboro, N.C.
The bankers' group acknowledged that some day computer companies may get into
the business of electronic cash. But if that happens, banks want the computer
companies to be subject to the same regulatory scrutiny that applies to banks
and thrifts.
While seeking exclusive rights to smart cards and their ilk, banks have
resisted the idea that conventional bank regulations should apply to electronic
cash. They oppose a proposal to apply the Federal Reserve's "Regulation E" to
stored-value cards. That regulation requires banks to offer written
confirmations of ATM transactions. Bankers say such a requirement would make
stored-value cards too expensive to issue.
And in pilot projects, banks have not treated the smart cards as deposits that
are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. That means the consumer does
not earn interest on the unused cash backing up the card and the banks do not
have to set aside reserves as they would for a conventional deposit.
A smart card has a computer chip that stores information, including how much
the consumer has deposited. As a purchase is made, the amount is automatically
deducted from the balance in the card's memory.
In the future, consumers will be able to transfer cash to smart cards from
their home computers or at an automatic teller machine at a bank. Electronic
money is also being tested to pay for purchases over the Internet.
The move away from paper-based transactions has been a boon in many ways for
banks. The replacement of manual check-processing by electronically stored
images of the checks has probably paid off more for banks than any other
high-tech innovation, bank technology consultant Charles O. Hinely said in an
But banks could be pushed out of the payment system altogether if they don't
quickly get into computerized services and transactions, said Don Tapscott,
author of "The Digital Economy."
"If you don't, you're basically toast, and punishment is swift," he told the
The trade group's new president, Walter A. Dods Jr., said he would work to
improve the image of bankers, whom he described as unfairly maligned despite
the financial support and considerable charity work they provide their
"But what do we get in return? We get legislation to limit ATM fees. We get a
reader telling Business Week recently that 'banks are just sucking us dry,"'
said Dods, the chairman of First Hawaiian Bank.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 17:15:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto- and AP-relevant wire clippings 
Washington Post: Wednesday, October 9, 1996
AT&T Adds On-Line Card Protection
By David S. Hilzenrath
When it comes to using credit cards on-line, many Internet businesses say their
biggest fear is fear itself.
Citing consumer concerns about the security of credit-card numbers as an
impediment to on-line commerce, two industry powerhouses have introduced
guarantees in an effort to overcome what they call unwarranted anxieties.
AT&T Corp. Tuesday said it would indemnify holders of its own credit card
against fraud when they use AT&T security software to shop at World Wide Web
sites that AT&T maintains for its business clients. That means AT&T would
assume responsibility for the customer's usual $50 deductible.
America Online Inc. said last month that it would assume responsibility for the
deductible when subscribers shop at on-line retailers that have been certified
as meeting its own customer-service standards. That would include about 50 of
the more than 250 merchants on-line with AOL, which only recently began the
evaluation process, said Michael Minigan, vice president of marketing for AOL's
interactive-marketing unit.
``We think that this is a way to jump-start the industry for both businesses
and consumers,'' said Kathleen Earley, vice president of AT&T's EasyCommerce
Services for businesses.
Through the power of the AT&T name and the security guarantee, ``we can help
customers overcome any concerns that they may have,'' Earley said.
AT&T introduced a different guarantee in March, promising that holders of its
Universal Card who also use AT&T as their on-ramp to the Internet would not be
held liable if their credit cards were compromised anywhere in cyberspace.
AT&T said it didn't think the guarantee would cost it much money because the
risk of a security breach is so small.
Many analysts and retailers agree that the burgeoning business of electronic
commerce is battling a perception problem. Concerns about hackers stealing
credit-card numbers on-line have spawned a new industry of companies dedicated
to making on-line transactions secure through the use of encryption.
``There's still a reluctance to use credit cards on-line,'' said David Simons,
managing director of Digital Video Investments, which studies the Internet for
institutional investors.
``It's irrational because there's probably a greater chance of theft or fraud
by giving your credit card out to an individual on an 800 number or ... the
old-fashioned way, over the counter.''
``This is strictly a perception issue,'' said Jeff Bezos, founder and chief
executive of Amazon.Com, an Internet-based bookstore that handles thousands of
sales a day.
``It's so much easier to go through a trash can or dumpster and get credit-card
numbers than it is to break the encryption schemes that are used on the
Still, Bezos said there is evidence that perceptions are changing. When
Amazon.Com opened for business 15 months ago, about half of its customers opted
to provide their credit-card numbers over the phone instead of over the
Internet. Now, 85 percent complete the transactions on-line, Bezos said.
AP Online: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
Bankers Shrug Off Cybertalk
BY E. SCOTT RECKARD
HONOLULU-- Go high-tech or wither, speakers as auspicious as Federal Reserve
Chairman Alan Greenspan told the 1,100-strong American Bankers Association
''If you don't, you're basically toast, and punishment is swift,'' agreed
convention speaker Don Tapscott, author of ''The Digital Economy.''
You might think conventioneers from the largest organization of U.S. banks
would all be rushing to be first in online banking, computerized marketing to
customers, and other services and automated processes.
You would be wrong, especially at smaller banks, where many seem content to
take a more relaxed approach.
Louis Prichard, president of Farmers National Bank of Danville, Ky., is
computer literate. He rose at 5 a.m. Hawaii time Monday to e-mail colleagues
and check the bank's latest financial picture via his laptop. Farmers has a
World Wide Web site with information about services and rates.
But home and online banking are still being studied by the four-branch, $190
million assets bank, and Prichard says that while Tapscott glossed over
computer security concerns, his customers worry about them.
He wants other banks to solve the start-up problems before he wades in. ''We're
like water skiers: We'll let someone else cut through the waves,'' he says.
''We'll ride along, not far behind.'' Far fewer than half the bank officials in
a huge ballroom at the Hilton Hawaiian Village here held their hands up when
Tapscott asked if they had tried the Internet. Some, like Harold R. Pehlke,
never use computers and are downright hostile to the idea.
Pehlke, 57, chief executive of Republic Bank of Chicago, sat through one of
many small-group sessions on new technology, then announced to the consultant
making the presentation: ''You have convinced me to retire in three years.''
''I wasn't sure I was going to do it, but after listening to you I am.''
Even featured speakers older ones, anyway shared similar views.
William Seidman, head of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. under presidents
Reagan and Ford, said he had listened to Tapscott's presentation, ''and my
immediate reaction was, 'Thank God I'm old.'''
On reflection, though, Seidman said he realized that most bank depositors were
probably in no particular rush for high-tech banking.
''Don't panic,'' he told the bankers. ''It'll take plenty of time before your
average customer gets there.''
That sounded good to Gib S. Nichols, a director of the Flathead Bank of
Bigfork, Mont.
''Our customers will let us know when it's time,'' he said.
Seidman, who ran the Resolution Trust Corp. when it began selling off the
wreckage of the 1980s savings and loan debacle, said the now flourishing bank
industry had better watch for risks as well as find new high-tech ways to
market services. Many banks ''are reaching for loans today,'' he said.
''When the going gets tough, the tough get out of the way and let someone else
do the dying,'' he said.
''We used to say as regulators, 'When the tide goes out you'll see who's
swimming without a bathing suit.' Those of you who feel the tide better look
News Release (NationsBank):Tuesday, October 8, 1996
NationsBank Official Partner of NCL's Internet Fraud Watch
NationsBank (NYSE: NB) is joining the National Consumers League's battle to
ensure the safety and security of online commerce. Through a $100,000 grant,
NationsBank is becoming the exclusive bank sponsor of NCL's Internet Fraud
Internet Fraud Watch, launched in February by the League and operated from its
National Fraud Information Center, is a first-of-its-kind program for
monitoring, reporting and preventing fraud on the Internet. NCL shares Internet
Fraud Watch data with local, state, and federal agencies, including the Federal
Trade Commission and state attorneys general, as well as international law
enforcement groups.
"Internet Fraud Watch is a resource that consumers can use to get educated on
the Internet," said NCL President Linda F. Golodner. "Since our launch in
February, our Web site alone has received more than 300,000 visits from
consumers and averaged 25,000 hits a week. We have helped consumers as well as
law enforcement officials keep cyberfraud in check."
The NationsBank grant will significantly expand the Internet Fraud Watch
consumer education and protection programs, according to Golodner.
With plans to offer Web-banking in mid-1997 and more than 120,000 customers
already using its PC banking product, NationsBank ranks online security as a
top priority, according to NationsBank President Ken Lewis.
"NationsBank is happy to help NCL broaden its fraud education and prevention
efforts," said Lewis. "The Internet's growing popularity and potential for
commerce make it a vitally important avenue for American business. It's equally
important that consumers know the Internet is a safe and secure place to do
The Federal Trade Commission rigorously monitors the Internet. The FTC recently
cracked down on a pyramid scheme it believed had bilked consumers of more than
$6 million. It also took action against several firms that marketed business
opportunities by using deceptive claims and false earnings reports.
"Consumers who suspect a scam on the Internet have critical information that
can be used by law enforcement agencies to track down and stop potential frauds
before more consumers are victimized," said Jodie Bernstein, director of the
FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection. "The Internet Fraud Watch program gives
consumers an easy and cost-free way of providing this information, and it has
been a major help to the FTC in identifying particular scams in their infancy."
National Consumers League advisors field calls about alleged incidents of
online fraud, direct callers to local resources and report the information to
state and federal enforcement authorities. Enforcement agencies use the data to
help shut down cybercrimes and boiler rooms. Work-at-home schemes are among the
top-five scams currently operating online. (NCL Top Five Internet Scams will be
available on Wednesday, Oct. 9.)
Consumers can reach NCL's Internet Fraud Watch by phone through the National
Fraud Information Center at (800) 867-7060, or visit the home page at
 . They may also send e-mail messages to
nfic at internetmci.com.
Financial Times: Wednesday, October 9, 1996
Smartcard Trials Extended
The race to replace notes and coins with electronic cash hots up this month as
the Mondex consortium extends trials of its smartcards. The group, which
includes British Telecom, Midland Bank and NatWest Bank, is issuing students at
York and Exeter universities with the cards, which contain a microchip that can
be loaded with electronic money from automatic teller machines and home
The cards are "swiped" through retailers' tills to deduct payment for
purchases. Users do not have to sign an authorisation slip as they do with
direct debit and credit cards. Electronic money saves banks and retailers the
considerable costs of handling physical cash. But so far consumers testing
Mondex smartcards in the UK have not received a share of this saving. Mondex is
well ahead of its main rival in the UK, VisaCash, whose backers include
Barclays and Lloyds Bank. It could be a year before VisaCash starts its own
trials; Mondex could be offering its cards to the public by then.
Jonathan Guthrie
AP Worldstream: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
Banker Sentenced to Death for Fraud
HANOI, Vietnam-- A Vietnamese private bank executive has been sentenced to
death after a court in southern Vietnam found him guilty of financial fraud and
stealing funds from accounts, state-run media reported Tuesday.
Nguyen Van Son, deputy general director of Gia Dinh Joint Stock Commercial
Bank, will face a firing squad for his crimes, said the Communist Party
newspaper Nhan Dan, or The People.
Ho Chi Minh City's People's Court convicted Son of fraud linked to the private
bank he and his wife, Thai Kim Lieng, established in 1992. The court said Son
stole about $4.5 million from the bank's accounts.
Unable to collect the necessary capital to qualify for a bank license, Son and
his wife forged several documents claiming they had about $800,000 worth of
funds from 17 shareholders, court records said.
When the State Bank of Vietnam granted the couple a banking license in 1992,
they began siphoning off money from newly opened savings and other accounts.
At the time, the bank had more than $6.5 million worth of accounts, the
newspaper said. The bank also had collected substantial gold reserves.
Son continued to forge credit documents over several years to increase the
bank's financial standing, the report said.
A police investigation in 1994 led to the arrests of Son, his wife and five
other bank associates.
Lieng and bank director Nguyen Le Tue also stood trial with Son. Both were
sentenced to life in prison.
Four other bank executives were sent to prison for terms ranging from 3 to 20
years. Although a number of banking scandals have been reported in Vietnam
since Hanoi began shifting toward a market economy. This latest case is the
largest of its kind and marks the first time a bank executive has been
sentenced to death for his crimes.
Nhan Dan described Son's crimes as ''organized acts that cause extremely
serious consequences and pose dangers to society.''
In addition to the death and prison sentences, the court ruled that the
culprits must repay money taken from the bank.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 19:01:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: LET'S MEET DIMITRI 
"Timmy May and his sexual perversions". Illustrated with slides.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 19:01:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Swan song... 
It's time to split the folks who want to do crypto from the folks who
want to read Timmy May's inanities, lies, and personal attacks.
Who gets to keep the name "cypherpunks"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 20:50:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May is a fine person. 
Timmy May once again praised himself "anonymously":
How pathetic. Clearly, no person is willing to put their name on
a statement supporting this flamer and spammer, totally ignorant
of cryptgraphy, and widely disrespected by his colleagues.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 21:30:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
A clarification regarding something I wrote a few days ago:
A charge card (like the original AmEx, not like Optima) is not the same as
a debit card. I have a debit card, tied to my checking account, and using
mastercard's clearinghouse. To issue a debit card, the organization needs
to keep checking accounts. Even if it doesn't pay interest, doesn't make
commercial loans, etc, it still would be subject to weird Fed regulations
and probably couldn't maintain anonimity.
But the lack of a dispite resolution mechanism is really the killer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-10 21:30:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
It seems that this batch didn't make it to the list, so I'm trying again...
News Release (Netscape): Monday, October 7, 1996
Netscape to Use CyberCash Technology
Netscape Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: NSCP) and CyberCash, Inc. (NASDAQ:
CYCH) today announced a technology and marketing relationship to broaden
payment options for Internet consumers. As part of the agreement, CyberCash has
licensed its CyberCoin Internet payment technology to Netscape. Netscape will
bundle its technology into future versions of Netscape products, including
Netscape LivePayment server software for online payment processing.
The two companies will also collaborate on including future CyberCash payment
services, such as CyberCash's electronic check services, into future Netscape
commerce offerings. Netscape and CyberCash plan to jointly market these
Internet payment solutions to consumers and businesses, and will work together
on efforts to accelerate the deployment of Secure Electronic Transactions (SET)
credit card payment protocol in the marketplace.
"We have had customer demand for small value payment technology particularly
from the professional information publishing industry -- the integration of
CyberCash's CyberCoin with Netscape's commerce solutions provides our customers
with a way to complete small transactions over the Internet," said Srivats
Sampath, vice president of marketing for server, tools and applications at
Netscape. "By offering a range of payment options for businesses and consumers,
Netscape and CyberCash will help expand the range of goods and services
available in the electronic marketplace."
"Combined with Netscape's customer base, CyberCoin is filling a need in the
marketplace for small payment processing," said Denis Yaro, executive vice
president, products and operations at CyberCash. "This is a huge step in our
efforts to bring Internet transaction technology to consumers and businesses
and to increase online inventory, making the virtual mall a reality."
"We are pleased to see this agreement between Netscape and CyberCash," said
Chuck White, senior vice president of First Data Card Services Group's
Electronic Funds Services unit. "The relationship between Netscape and
CyberCash will make it easier to deliver integrated payment solutions to our
client financial institutions, and their merchant customers that are using
Netscape LivePayment."
CyberCoin is a payment service which permits online purchases for items costing
between 25 cents and $10.00. This new payment solution opens up significant
opportunities for merchants to market low cost, high value items such as news
and information, graphics, games and music. It also allows merchants to
unbundle larger product offerings, and sell them in smaller increments.
Financial institutions to offer the CyberCoin service include First Union Bank,
First USA Paymentech, Michigan National Bank and First Data Corp.
Bundling CyberCash's CyberCoin technology into future releases of Netscape's
LivePayment point-of-sale software will enable online businesses to accept
multiple payment methods and implement new pricing and business models.
Netscape LivePayment will integrate this new payment functionality seamlessly
and cost-effectively, providing business people with administration and
configuration controls with flexible logging reports, and a variety of sample
merchant applications to minimize the start-up development costs of merchants.
Both Netscape and CyberCash will market Netscape LivePayment software to
businesses looking to develop or expand online distribution channels.
Netscape plans to integrate CyberCoin into future versions of Netscape
Navigator client software, which includes technology that streamlines
consumers' shopping experience by providing a uniform interface for Internet
purchases and transactions. Similar to a real wallet, this technology will
organize into one place a user's credit card numbers, shipping addresses,
digital IDs, electronic receipts and other payment instruments needed to
purchase goods and services on the Internet.
Netscape and CyberCash will coordinate their efforts on SET to assure
interoperability between their credit card-related electronic commerce
implementations. Netscape was one of the principal architects of the SET
specifications proposed by Visa International and MasterCard International.
Committed to being among the first to deliver SET-compliant products to the
marketplace, both Netscape and CyberCash will also collaborate with other
important industry leaders in an effort to facilitate SET's arrival in the
shortest possible timeframe. About Netscape Netscape Communications Corporation
(NASDAQ: NSCP) is a leading provider of open software for linking people and
information over enterprise networks and the Internet. The company offers a
full line of clients, servers, development tools and commercial applications to
create a complete platform for next-generation, live online applications.
Netscape Communications Corporation is based in Mountain View, California.
About CyberCash
CyberCash, Inc., (NASDAQ: CYCH), of Reston, Virginia, founded in August 1994,
is a leading developer of software and service solutions for secure financial
transactions over the Internet. The CyberCash system is designed to allow banks
to offer secure Internet payments to their customers. CyberCash works with
virtually all financial processing institutions, and is currently working with
VISA and MasterCard to develop and implement the Secure Electronic Transaction
(SET) protocol for online credit card transactions. The company's initial
service, which handles payments using major credit cards, was introduced in
April 1995.
CyberCoin, the company's innovative micropayment service that enables cash
transactions, was launched on Sept. 30, 1996. CyberCash's electronic check
service is expected to be released in Q4, 1996.
Edge: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
VeriFone Introduces Personal ATM and VeriSmart
VeriFone, Inc., Monday announced plans to bring the convenience of a bank
automatic teller machine into the homes of millions of consumers around the
world, enabling them to replace cash and access dozens of personal services
anytime, anywhere, using telephones, televisions, personal computers and other
low-cost devices and information appliances.Announced Monday at the ABA Bank
Card Conference, VeriFone unveiled plans to introduce a low-cost, palm-sized,
smart card reader/writer called the Personal ATM (P-ATM). The P-ATM will
connect to any standard telephone line, allowing consumers to interact with
their bank account to download cash,' securely and conveniently in the privacy
of the home or office.
In addition, leveraging VeriFone's leadership in Internet commerce, the P-ATM
will also interface with the VeriFone vWallet, and any stored-value card
scheme, enabling consumers to make purchases over the Internet, download funds
from their bank onto their smart card, transfer funds between accounts, and
perform on-line transactions between consumers and merchants. VeriFone also
revealed the development of the VeriSmart System architecture, which is
expected to accelerate consumer adoption of smart card applications. The
VeriSmart System will integrate a low-cost personal ATM device, a powerful set
of software applications that lets consumers securely interact with any
provider offering smart card services, and a comprehensive package of support
Applications might include the ability to download electronic cash from their
bank, instantly receive rewards from loyalty programs, or provide selected
healthcare information to their doctor or pharmacist.
Six leading technology companies -- CIDCO, Gemplus, Key Tronic, Mondex
International, Scientific Atlanta and WebTV Networks, Inc. -- have announced
their support for VeriSmart and plan to work with VeriFone to develop further
technologies around the system.
"We are taking an aggressive role in developing the infrastructure for smart
card applications with our plans to introduce the Personal ATM and the
VeriSmart System," said Hatim Tyabji, chairman, president and CEO of VeriFone.
"VeriSmart will be the first technology that is card-scheme and hardware-device
independent, uniting all the elements in a truly end-to-end solution. We plan
to actively layer VeriSmart technology into our merchant point-of-sale
terminals and Omnihost client-server systems, to create solutions that bridge
all VeriFone markets worldwide. This action unveils the third element in our
three pronged strategy -- traditional debit/credit business, Internet commerce
and now consumer smart card technologies -- expanding VeriFone's leadership in
secure payments technologies worldwide."
In addition, American Express, GTE, Hewlett-Packard Company, MasterCard, NIPSCO
Industries, Inc., Sparbanken Bank (BABS), Sears Payment Systems (SPS), and
Wells Fargo have all announced support of the VeriSmart System.
The VeriSmart System is being designed to electronically link consumers to
their banks, telephone and utility companies, retail merchants and other
personal services. Using any one of a variety of smart card-ready devices, such
as the Personal ATM, telephone, PC, or set-top-box, a consumer will access
numerous personal services and interact with multiple stored-value card
schemes, loyalty programs, identification, and health care information.
The VeriSmart System will provide end-to-end security for all communications
between the access device and the smart card applications on the VeriSmart
server, ensuring data integrity of financial transactions and other
confidential information.
"This is the beginning of a new era for smart card applications," said Tom
Kilcoyne, general manager of VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division.
"The industry has been waiting for a compelling, cost-effective solution that
enables financial institutions, and a broad range of consumer service
providers, to move aggressively to build smart card applications. Endorsement
in the consumer market from these respected companies, combined with VeriFone's
global leadership position and expertise in the secure payment transaction
market, supports our belief in VeriSmart as a powerful system that can
accelerate development of the market for smart cards worldwide."
Wide Industry Support VeriFone's Consumer Systems Division's effort to enhance
the market for smart cards is drawing the support of consumer market leaders
that will contribute in pivotal areas of the system.
CIDCO Inc., the world's leading producer of subscriber terminal equipment that
supports intelligent network services being offered by telephone operating
companies, has formed an alliance with VeriFone to incorporate VeriSmart
technology into its products and to work with VeriFone on future projects.
"CIDCO is excited to be collaborating with VeriFone in the explosive consumer
smart card market," said Paul Locklin, CIDCO president and CEO. "The VeriSmart
system brings a strong added value to the products we market to our regional
Bell operating company customers." "VeriFone and Gemplus have had a close and
long-standing relationship over the years and we are proud to be part of this
latest breakthrough solution," said Marc Lassus, Gemplus CEO. "As a market
leader, our strategy has been to partner with companies that enable us to offer
the best-of-breed solutions, and our participation in VeriSmart extends this
strategy to the consumer market for smart cards."
"As consumers become more accepting of smart cards, initiatives like VeriSmart
will make it easier for banks and other institutions to introduce new products
and services that provide greater choice and convenience," said Ruann F. Ernst,
general manager of HP's Financial Services Business Unit.
Associated Press: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
Bankers Hope to Control 'Electronic Cash'
By E. SCOTT RECKARD
The largest organization of U.S. banks wants "smart cards" and "electronic
cash" limited to the banking industry.
The American Bankers Association, in its first official position on how
electronic cash should evolve, says such "stored-value" cards should be issued
only by regulated institutions with direct access to Federal Reserve payment
services -- namely banks, thrifts and credit unions.
The bankers' recommendation comes as several software companies are also
jockeying to provide payment systems over the Internet.
At a convention here, the bankers trade group warned that users of prepaid
phone cards have been ripped off by fly-by-night issuers. The same could happen
in storing funds for general use on plastic cards like credit cards or in
computers, the bankers said in issuing their report Sunday.
"If a nonbank issuer of stored value fails, consumers could be left holding the
bag - an empty bag," said James M. Culbertson, president for the past year of
the ABA and chairman of First National Bank in Asheboro, N.C.
The bankers' group acknowledged that some day computer companies may get into
the business of electronic cash. But if that happens, banks want the computer
companies to be subject to the same regulatory scrutiny that applies to banks
and thrifts.
While seeking exclusive rights to smart cards and their ilk, banks have
resisted the idea that conventional bank regulations should apply to electronic
cash. They oppose a proposal to apply the Federal Reserve's "Regulation E" to
stored-value cards. That regulation requires banks to offer written
confirmations of ATM transactions. Bankers say such a requirement would make
stored-value cards too expensive to issue.
And in pilot projects, banks have not treated the smart cards as deposits that
are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. That means the consumer does
not earn interest on the unused cash backing up the card and the banks do not
have to set aside reserves as they would for a conventional deposit.
A smart card has a computer chip that stores information, including how much
the consumer has deposited. As a purchase is made, the amount is automatically
deducted from the balance in the card's memory.
In the future, consumers will be able to transfer cash to smart cards from
their home computers or at an automatic teller machine at a bank. Electronic
money is also being tested to pay for purchases over the Internet.
The move away from paper-based transactions has been a boon in many ways for
banks. The replacement of manual check-processing by electronically stored
images of the checks has probably paid off more for banks than any other
high-tech innovation, bank technology consultant Charles O. Hinely said in an
But banks could be pushed out of the payment system altogether if they don't
quickly get into computerized services and transactions, said Don Tapscott,
author of "The Digital Economy."
"If you don't, you're basically toast, and punishment is swift," he told the
The trade group's new president, Walter A. Dods Jr., said he would work to
improve the image of bankers, whom he described as unfairly maligned despite
the financial support and considerable charity work they provide their
"But what do we get in return? We get legislation to limit ATM fees. We get a
reader telling Business Week recently that 'banks are just sucking us dry,"'
said Dods, the chairman of First Hawaiian Bank.
Washington Post: Wednesday, October 9, 1996
AT&T Adds On-Line Card Protection
By David S. Hilzenrath
When it comes to using credit cards on-line, many Internet businesses say their
biggest fear is fear itself.
Citing consumer concerns about the security of credit-card numbers as an
impediment to on-line commerce, two industry powerhouses have introduced
guarantees in an effort to overcome what they call unwarranted anxieties.
AT&T Corp. Tuesday said it would indemnify holders of its own credit card
against fraud when they use AT&T security software to shop at World Wide Web
sites that AT&T maintains for its business clients. That means AT&T would
assume responsibility for the customer's usual $50 deductible.
America Online Inc. said last month that it would assume responsibility for the
deductible when subscribers shop at on-line retailers that have been certified
as meeting its own customer-service standards. That would include about 50 of
the more than 250 merchants on-line with AOL, which only recently began the
evaluation process, said Michael Minigan, vice president of marketing for AOL's
interactive-marketing unit.
``We think that this is a way to jump-start the industry for both businesses
and consumers,'' said Kathleen Earley, vice president of AT&T's EasyCommerce
Services for businesses.
Through the power of the AT&T name and the security guarantee, ``we can help
customers overcome any concerns that they may have,'' Earley said.
AT&T introduced a different guarantee in March, promising that holders of its
Universal Card who also use AT&T as their on-ramp to the Internet would not be
held liable if their credit cards were compromised anywhere in cyberspace.
AT&T said it didn't think the guarantee would cost it much money because the
risk of a security breach is so small.
Many analysts and retailers agree that the burgeoning business of electronic
commerce is battling a perception problem. Concerns about hackers stealing
credit-card numbers on-line have spawned a new industry of companies dedicated
to making on-line transactions secure through the use of encryption.
``There's still a reluctance to use credit cards on-line,'' said David Simons,
managing director of Digital Video Investments, which studies the Internet for
institutional investors.
``It's irrational because there's probably a greater chance of theft or fraud
by giving your credit card out to an individual on an 800 number or ... the
old-fashioned way, over the counter.''
``This is strictly a perception issue,'' said Jeff Bezos, founder and chief
executive of Amazon.Com, an Internet-based bookstore that handles thousands of
sales a day.
``It's so much easier to go through a trash can or dumpster and get credit-card
numbers than it is to break the encryption schemes that are used on the
Still, Bezos said there is evidence that perceptions are changing. When
Amazon.Com opened for business 15 months ago, about half of its customers opted
to provide their credit-card numbers over the phone instead of over the
Internet. Now, 85 percent complete the transactions on-line, Bezos said.
AP Online: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
Bankers Shrug Off Cybertalk
BY E. SCOTT RECKARD
HONOLULU-- Go high-tech or wither, speakers as auspicious as Federal Reserve
Chairman Alan Greenspan told the 1,100-strong American Bankers Association
''If you don't, you're basically toast, and punishment is swift,'' agreed
convention speaker Don Tapscott, author of ''The Digital Economy.''
You might think conventioneers from the largest organization of U.S. banks
would all be rushing to be first in online banking, computerized marketing to
customers, and other services and automated processes.
You would be wrong, especially at smaller banks, where many seem content to
take a more relaxed approach.
Louis Prichard, president of Farmers National Bank of Danville, Ky., is
computer literate. He rose at 5 a.m. Hawaii time Monday to e-mail colleagues
and check the bank's latest financial picture via his laptop. Farmers has a
World Wide Web site with information about services and rates.
But home and online banking are still being studied by the four-branch, $190
million assets bank, and Prichard says that while Tapscott glossed over
computer security concerns, his customers worry about them.
He wants other banks to solve the start-up problems before he wades in. ''We're
like water skiers: We'll let someone else cut through the waves,'' he says.
''We'll ride along, not far behind.'' Far fewer than half the bank officials in
a huge ballroom at the Hilton Hawaiian Village here held their hands up when
Tapscott asked if they had tried the Internet. Some, like Harold R. Pehlke,
never use computers and are downright hostile to the idea.
Pehlke, 57, chief executive of Republic Bank of Chicago, sat through one of
many small-group sessions on new technology, then announced to the consultant
making the presentation: ''You have convinced me to retire in three years.''
''I wasn't sure I was going to do it, but after listening to you I am.''
Even featured speakers older ones, anyway shared similar views.
William Seidman, head of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. under presidents
Reagan and Ford, said he had listened to Tapscott's presentation, ''and my
immediate reaction was, 'Thank God I'm old.'''
On reflection, though, Seidman said he realized that most bank depositors were
probably in no particular rush for high-tech banking.
''Don't panic,'' he told the bankers. ''It'll take plenty of time before your
average customer gets there.''
That sounded good to Gib S. Nichols, a director of the Flathead Bank of
Bigfork, Mont.
''Our customers will let us know when it's time,'' he said.
Seidman, who ran the Resolution Trust Corp. when it began selling off the
wreckage of the 1980s savings and loan debacle, said the now flourishing bank
industry had better watch for risks as well as find new high-tech ways to
market services. Many banks ''are reaching for loans today,'' he said.
''When the going gets tough, the tough get out of the way and let someone else
do the dying,'' he said.
''We used to say as regulators, 'When the tide goes out you'll see who's
swimming without a bathing suit.' Those of you who feel the tide better look
News Release (NationsBank):Tuesday, October 8, 1996
NationsBank Official Partner of NCL's Internet Fraud Watch
NationsBank (NYSE: NB) is joining the National Consumers League's battle to
ensure the safety and security of online commerce. Through a $100,000 grant,
NationsBank is becoming the exclusive bank sponsor of NCL's Internet Fraud
Internet Fraud Watch, launched in February by the League and operated from its
National Fraud Information Center, is a first-of-its-kind program for
monitoring, reporting and preventing fraud on the Internet. NCL shares Internet
Fraud Watch data with local, state, and federal agencies, including the Federal
Trade Commission and state attorneys general, as well as international law
enforcement groups.
"Internet Fraud Watch is a resource that consumers can use to get educated on
the Internet," said NCL President Linda F. Golodner. "Since our launch in
February, our Web site alone has received more than 300,000 visits from
consumers and averaged 25,000 hits a week. We have helped consumers as well as
law enforcement officials keep cyberfraud in check."
The NationsBank grant will significantly expand the Internet Fraud Watch
consumer education and protection programs, according to Golodner.
With plans to offer Web-banking in mid-1997 and more than 120,000 customers
already using its PC banking product, NationsBank ranks online security as a
top priority, according to NationsBank President Ken Lewis.
"NationsBank is happy to help NCL broaden its fraud education and prevention
efforts," said Lewis. "The Internet's growing popularity and potential for
commerce make it a vitally important avenue for American business. It's equally
important that consumers know the Internet is a safe and secure place to do
The Federal Trade Commission rigorously monitors the Internet. The FTC recently
cracked down on a pyramid scheme it believed had bilked consumers of more than
$6 million. It also took action against several firms that marketed business
opportunities by using deceptive claims and false earnings reports.
"Consumers who suspect a scam on the Internet have critical information that
can be used by law enforcement agencies to track down and stop potential frauds
before more consumers are victimized," said Jodie Bernstein, director of the
FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection. "The Internet Fraud Watch program gives
consumers an easy and cost-free way of providing this information, and it has
been a major help to the FTC in identifying particular scams in their infancy."
National Consumers League advisors field calls about alleged incidents of
online fraud, direct callers to local resources and report the information to
state and federal enforcement authorities. Enforcement agencies use the data to
help shut down cybercrimes and boiler rooms. Work-at-home schemes are among the
top-five scams currently operating online. (NCL Top Five Internet Scams will be
available on Wednesday, Oct. 9.)
Consumers can reach NCL's Internet Fraud Watch by phone through the National
Fraud Information Center at (800) 867-7060, or visit the home page at
 . They may also send e-mail messages to
nfic at internetmci.com.
Financial Times: Wednesday, October 9, 1996
Smartcard Trials Extended
The race to replace notes and coins with electronic cash hots up this month as
the Mondex consortium extends trials of its smartcards. The group, which
includes British Telecom, Midland Bank and NatWest Bank, is issuing students at
York and Exeter universities with the cards, which contain a microchip that can
be loaded with electronic money from automatic teller machines and home
The cards are "swiped" through retailers' tills to deduct payment for
purchases. Users do not have to sign an authorisation slip as they do with
direct debit and credit cards. Electronic money saves banks and retailers the
considerable costs of handling physical cash. But so far consumers testing
Mondex smartcards in the UK have not received a share of this saving. Mondex is
well ahead of its main rival in the UK, VisaCash, whose backers include
Barclays and Lloyds Bank. It could be a year before VisaCash starts its own
trials; Mondex could be offering its cards to the public by then.
Jonathan Guthrie
AP Worldstream: Tuesday, October 8, 1996
Banker Sentenced to Death for Fraud
HANOI, Vietnam-- A Vietnamese private bank executive has been sentenced to
death after a court in southern Vietnam found him guilty of financial fraud and
stealing funds from accounts, state-run media reported Tuesday.
Nguyen Van Son, deputy general director of Gia Dinh Joint Stock Commercial
Bank, will face a firing squad for his crimes, said the Communist Party
newspaper Nhan Dan, or The People.
Ho Chi Minh City's People's Court convicted Son of fraud linked to the private
bank he and his wife, Thai Kim Lieng, established in 1992. The court said Son
stole about $4.5 million from the bank's accounts.
Unable to collect the necessary capital to qualify for a bank license, Son and
his wife forged several documents claiming they had about $800,000 worth of
funds from 17 shareholders, court records said.
When the State Bank of Vietnam granted the couple a banking license in 1992,
they began siphoning off money from newly opened savings and other accounts.
At the time, the bank had more than $6.5 million worth of accounts, the
newspaper said. The bank also had collected substantial gold reserves.
Son continued to forge credit documents over several years to increase the
bank's financial standing, the report said.
A police investigation in 1994 led to the arrests of Son, his wife and five
other bank associates.
Lieng and bank director Nguyen Le Tue also stood trial with Son. Both were
sentenced to life in prison.
Four other bank executives were sent to prison for terms ranging from 3 to 20
years. Although a number of banking scandals have been reported in Vietnam
since Hanoi began shifting toward a market economy. This latest case is the
largest of its kind and marks the first time a bank executive has been
sentenced to death for his crimes.
Nhan Dan described Son's crimes as ''organized acts that cause extremely
serious consequences and pose dangers to society.''
In addition to the death and prison sentences, the court ruled that the
culprits must repay money taken from the bank.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-11 08:32:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: LET'S MEET DIMITRI 
No deal, then. I suggest that for your next meeting you book Timmy May to
perform live sex acts on stage with his two cats, as Ray and Zach do the
Macarena circle-jerk.
How about Timmy posting an apology and a retraction to this list?
Zach, I don't think you've been on this list long enough to realize that
Timmy started flaming me for no apparent reason, and lying about me, and
attributing to me various shit I never said. I'm just pointing out that
he's a liar and a generally despicable net.scum.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-11 08:47:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why Workers Should Uphold Right Not To Talk To FBI 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!panix!feed1.news.erols.com!arclight.uoregon.edu!news.bc.net!berlin.infomatch.com!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: nyc.general,ny.general,ny.politics
Organization: InfoMatch Internet - Vancouver BC
Lines: 160
NNTP-Posting-Host: berlin.infomatch.com
X-Newsreader: TIN [UNIX 1.3 950824BETA PL0]
Why Workers Should Uphold Right Not To Talk To FBI

@_date: 1996-10-11 11:06:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
"Extending credit" refers to the customer's ability not to pay the bill
in full at the end of the cycle, but effectively to borrow money from the issuer at a very high rate. Smart people don't use this feature of
their credit cards and pay off in full every month. :-)
Every secured credit card I've ever seen is still a credit card - the
holder maintains an account with a balance equal to his credit limit.
if he defaults on the cc payments, the issuer just takes the money
from the account, so it's a kind of a collateral.
But you don't have to pay in full at the end of the month (or have the
amount deducted from your account at once), which would make it a
charge card or a debit card.
One large card-issuing bank was in the news their other day: they're
using supercomputers for "data mining", analysing the purchases made with their creditr cards. Buyer beware.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-12 22:40:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May is a fine person. 
Timmy May continues to use the anonymous remailers to praise himself in
third person - and what a strange person he is!
                              ^^^^
A very appropriate Freudian slip.
Timmy C. (for cretin) May is a cretin among cretins, a true imbecile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-13 05:40:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PHONE NUMBER 
Not true. I already posted 2 responses. Your offer doesn't warrant more.
Try whois dm.com.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-14 06:50:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: L.Detwieler 
If you don't want to receive inane rants in your mailbox which have
nothing to do with cryptography, send the word "remove" (no quotes)
to tcmay at got.net.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-14 07:46:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anatomy of a Hoax 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!panix!feed1.news.erols.com!howland.erols.net!news.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!uunet!news-in2.uu.net!news.callamer.com!news at twizzler.callamer.com
Newsgroups: alt.shenanigans
Organization: Call America Internet Services  +1 (805) 541 6316
Lines: 47
NNTP-Posting-Host: boobs.eorbit.net

@_date: 1996-10-14 14:22:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto/privacy related wire clippings (per Bill Stewart's request) 
CITIBANK MINES DATA--MARKETING GOALS WARRANT PARALLEL PROCESSING
Citibank wants to do more than track its credit-card holders' buying behavior.
Soon, it hopes to know what they'll purchase next, and who's committing fraud.
Data-mining techniques and data warehouses, part of a project called the Cards
Analytical Model (CAM) slated to be completed by the end of 1997, are the
tools Citicorp Credit Services in Long Island City, N.Y., hopes to use to
predict future consumer patterns. To make CAM work, Citibank's IS team knew it
needed a powerful mainframe-class system to handle the complex formulas and
algorithms pounding away on close to 2 terabytes of data. But the mainframe
wasn't an option. "We didn't want the data warehouse to impact our OLTP
(online transaction processing) production," says Kevin Murphy, VP of IS for
Citicorp Credit Services. "We didn't have the luxury to give up cycles and
drives." Instead, Citicorp chose the IBM RS/6000 SP MPP (massively parallel
processing), consisting of 116 nodes (or processors) and 7 terabytes of
storage capacity. The database is DB2 Parallel Edition, also from IBM. More
than 50 C++ and C developers, from Citicorp and Lockheed Martin, the systems
integrator, are working on the CAM project.

@_date: 1996-10-14 19:51:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: L.Detwieler 
Why is Timmy May spamming the list with lies, personal attacks, and
inane incoherent rants, none of which have to do with cryptography?
No longer something to be proud of.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-15 05:09:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Killing Mr. Wallace of "Savetrees"? 
Where can I bet that Mr. Wallace *won't* shut up?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-15 05:09:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Threats from FOTM (Friends of Timmy May) 
I've been receiving multiples copies of threats of frivolous lawsuits in
connection with Sandy Sanford's kind offer to address the San Francisco
Gay and Lesbian Cypherpunks Meeting (and Meating). Therefore I'm regrettably
forced to postpone taking advantage of said kind offer until Timmy May is
actually indicted for possession of controlled substances (to wit, Ritalin)
and/or sexually molesting two feline minors and/or practicing cryptography
without a licence. (Given Timmy May's total ignorance of cryptography, I
find the latter to be the least likely.) Hope to see you all then,
                                                            Dimitri
]Date: Tue, 15 Oct 1996 06:04:16 -0500
]From: dougr at skypoint-gw.globelle.com ("Douglas B. Renner")
]Subject: Abuse from Dimitri Vulis
]To: root at bwalk.dm.com, postmaster at bwalk.dm.com
]Message-Id: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
]Attached is a tiny example of the type of uncalled-for slander that Mr.
]Dimitri Vulis has been sending unsolicited to a list of subscribers to a
]cryptography forum.
]You are hereby notified of this illegal activity by one of your subscribers.
]If you fail to take corrective measures, the Boardwalk Brighton Beach
]BBS and its sysops may be named in a civil lawsuit.
]---------- Forwarded message ----------
]Date: Thu, 10 Oct 96 21:51:57 EDT
]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: LET'S MEET DIMITRI
]> his choice of topic, of course.
]"Timmy May and his sexual perversions". Illustrated with slides.
]Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
]Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-15 05:10:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WOW! 
I already responded more times than this threat warranted.
Note that I've received threats of frivolous lawsuits in
connection with your offer, as I just pointed out.

@_date: 1996-10-15 14:01:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WOW! 
Yes - I mistyped "thread". My apologies.
Once again: I already replied to this _thread_, and then I received a
_threat_ of a libel lawsuit in connection with this _threat_. Sorry
for the typoes and the resulting confusion.
At any rate, if people are really willing to pay this sort of money
to hear me speak, perhaps I should make a videotape of me giving a
presentation about my Usenet cancelbot and send it to Sandy?
Thanks to Bryce for the correction.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-15 19:40:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More threats from FOTM (Friends of Timmy May) 
I'm receiving more harrassing e-mail from the asshole who threatened to sue
me for libeling Timmy May (fart).  Since this asshole has never been heard
from before, I suspect it's just another of Timmy May's tentacles.
Anyway, if you want a videotape, I'll put one together. If not, I won't.

@_date: 1996-10-15 21:01:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Majordomo w/ built-in security 
Yes - Timmy May (fart) has been pretty quiet lately.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-16 14:30:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More threats from FOTM (Friends of Timmy May) 
I think you mean "nekulturny" - "not affiliated with soc.culture.russian".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-16 14:48:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
American Banker: Friday, October 11, 1996
Smart Card Venture, Once Written Off, Is Perking Up
By VALERIE BLOCK
SmartCash, a high-profile smart card venture that many industry observers had
left for dead, is showing signs of life.
The turnabout is so complete, according to some sources, that Visa
International may buy the system.
People close to SmartCash -- it was formed in August 1995 by 11 major U.S.
banks, MasterCard International, Verifone Inc., and the French smart card
maker Gemplus -- say it has completed development of an operating system and
is attracting renewed industry interest.
With MasterCard closing in on an acquisition agreement with Mondex, the
smart-card-based electronic cash system developed by Natwest Group of London,
Visa is said to be looking closely at SmartCash.
Visa refused to comment on the speculation, but a spokesman said, "We have
been in longstanding discussions with SmartCash since day one." He said Visa
has had "a number of discussions with a variety of vendors."
But outsiders are freely throwing Visa's name around. It is part of the same
flurry of rumors that has American Express Co. taking a hard look at Proton, a
smart card system developed by Banksys, the Belgian national payments
"Visa is interested in SmartCash," said Dan Cunningham, a former Gemplus
executive who is senior vice president of Phoenix Planning and Evaluation, a
Rockville, Md.-based consulting firm.
Though Visa's stored value card system, Visa Cash, has been trumpeted as a
viable application of chip technology, "SmartCash is more robust," said a
knowledgeable source who requested anonymity. Visa Cash was built on the
Danmont operating system, which was designed for Denmark, a tiny market
compared to the United States.
SmartCash, with a membership nucleus that included the owners of Electronic
Payment Services Inc., began last year with much fanfare. But by April this
year, executive departures, bickering among the bankers, and the lack of an
operating system left an impression of disarray, and the alliance appeared to
have dissolved.
Electronic Payment Services, owner of the MAC automated teller machine
network, quietly stayed the course. Its operating system completed and
delivered just two weeks ago, Smart Cash "is the only stored value system
developed in the U.S. for the U.S. market," said Donald J. Gleason, president
of the Wilmington, Del., company's smart card enterprise.
SmartCash founders MasterCard, First Union Corp., NationsBank Corp., and Chase
Manhattan Corp. are out. Electronic Payment Services' owners -- Banc One
Corp., CoreStates Financial Corp., KeyCorp, National City Corp., and PNC Bank
Corp.-- are still committed.
Banc One is "still involved with Smart Cash," said a spokesman. "We want to
see it get off the ground and go."
"They've got a very viable solution," said David R. Campbell, executive vice
president of KeyCorp. "It's a matter of whether enough interest can be
generated to put that solution into the marketplace."
With chip cards looking increasingly viable, the stakes are getting higher for
the bank card associations. Visa made a big publicity splash in Atlanta with a
Visa Cash pilot that coincided with the Olympic Games, but the banks are still
waiting for proof of a business case.
MasterCard did not deliver on the expectations of its cash card experiment in
Canberra, Australia.
Sources said it was deemed a "disaster" and led to the negotiations with
Mondex International, the global consortium put together this year by Natwest
Several executives involved in MasterCard's chip card efforts have departed,
including Robin Townend, Philip Verdi, and Diane Weatherington, head of the
program, who left Oct. 1. Another key technologist, John Tunstall, recently
submitted his resignation, sources said.
American Express Co. is being paired with the Belgian group that has completed
several successful installations in Europe and is supplying the technology for
the Exact smart card pilot in Canada.
Though many smart card systems are getting under way, especially in "closed
systems" such as campuses and athletic venues, creating an open worldwide
system is much more complex, involving a more sophisticated approach to
security, operating standards, access to automated teller networks, interbank
settlement, fraud detection, and other back-office issues. Acquiring a system
that has been proven can reduce a system's time to market and could be far
less costly for banks and their payment associations, industry experts said.
The Mondex system is estimated to have cost $150 million to develop.
Many banks are trying out several systems; most in Australia are in Visa Cash,
MasterCard Cash, and Mondex in hopes of arriving at the most efficient and
cost effective answer.
Also critical in developing an open smart card system is "scalability," the
power to expand and upgrade the hardware and software as new technological
developments occur, without having to reissue cards and terminals.
Danmont, the proven system Visa used for Atlanta, is not "designed to
migrate," a technology expert said. He said the merchant terminals and smart
cards would have to be replaced as heightened security measures are
implemented. That would not fly with merchants, who are a hard sell on the
concept to begin with.
The SmartCash system, which took more than four years to complete, is
expressly designed for a changing marketplace, with modular components that
can be replaced or upgraded. Mr. Gleason called the effort, which suffered
embarrassing delays, "a huge challenge." Trying to recoup the costs by getting
the SmartCash coalition back on track is the organization's next task.
Though Electronic Payment Services would not comment on membership and future
plans, BankAmerica Corp., the big California bank historically aligned with
Visa, is said to be in the group.
Pilots at member banks' offices could be running in early 1997, said Mr.
Cunningham, the consultant.
Martha Campbell, a former Bank of America executive, said both the San
Francisco giant and Visa were active in SmartCash as of August.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-16 20:50:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [JIM RAY] Does anyone have the complaint number for Florida Barr Assocoation? 
I want to complaint to the FLoria Bar Association about Jim Ray sending
complaints to postmaster at bwalk.dm.com (quoted before).  Can someone
please post their contact address?
The lying motherfucker's resume follows.
JAMES M. RAY
JAMES M. RAY
1150 Madruga Ave. Coral Gables, FL 33146
(305) 666-1029
e-mail  liberty at gate.net
UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI SCHOOL OF LAW
Juris Doctor - May 1995
Coral Gables, Florida
* Society of Bar & Gavel, LAW SCHOOL NEWSPAPER OPINIONS EDITOR
UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA
Bachelor of Science, Psychology - May 1986
Gainesville, Florida
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
Sept. 1994 to May 1995
Attended trials and hearings. Wrote memoranda and orders. Conducted Lexis, Westlaw,
and library research on a range of civil and criminal law issues including: possible
fines in a corporate contempt of Court proceeding, 2255 prisoner claims, insurance,
drug-smuggling and failed Savings & Loan cases. Organized and updated library.
DADE COUNTY GUARDIAN AD LITEM  PROGRAM
Jan. 1994 to Aug. 1994
Miami, Florida
* Volunteer Summer Intern, GAL
Spoke for children in family Court hearings. Conducted interviews and investigations.
Wrote reports, memoranda for attorneys, and performance agreement contracts.
UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI
Oct. 1993 to Aug. 1994
Conducted legal and CD-ROM database research for articles and speeches.
Assisted in preparation of an ADA lawsuit.
PEKNY INDUSTRIES, INC.
1987 to 1990
St. Petersburg, Florida
* Small Business Partner, Vice-president & Director of Marketing
Supervised and performed research at the United States Patent & Trademark Office.
Consistently the top anchor seller at boat shows. Analyzed and satisfied customer
FLORIDA STATE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Election 1992
Dade County, Florida
* Libertarian Party Candidate for District 113
Ran successful local and statewide ballot access petition drives.
Participated in panel discussions and debates. Held TV and newspaper interviews.
Organized a lean, clean campaign.
CHARLOTTE COUNTY ORANGE GROVE
1978 to Present
Punta Gorda, Florida
* Farmer  (part time)
Transported and sold citrus and exotic fruit.
PADI Advanced Open Water SCUBA Diver. Competent sailor, fisherman and power boater.
Florida State House Messenger. Volunteer high-school teacher. Recording for the Blind
law book reader. Hurricane Andrew volunteer. Internet Guide. Amateur HTML
Programming. PGP encryption teaching for e-mail confidentiality and authentication.
Return to Jim's Home Page

@_date: 1996-10-17 04:50:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] I never knew that Dimitri Vulis was a net.legend 
Timmy May has tons of dandruff (and dried up semen) in his beard.
Is he Jewish???
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-17 05:30:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: [POINTERS] On Vulis' net background 
Supposedly I won by a 30-vote margin over David C Lawrence (the moderator
of news.announce.newgroups), which I'm very proud of. Do take a look at
this site and at Misha Verbitsky's archives (taking everything with a
grain of salt). It makes good reading.
BTW, are _you related to Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-17 05:30:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] I never knew that Dimitri Vulis was a net.legend 
And the present!
I suspect (haven't tried it) that if you go to  and
search the Web for "vulis", you'll get a lot of hits...
It is a great honor to meet a net.legent in person.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-17 13:32:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: YES OR NO? 
I said: YES, when I have the time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-17 13:33:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: [POINTERS] On Vulis' net background 
Good question.  That's what Legare seems to claim in his web page.
Of course we KNOW that all 600 congressmen and senators REALLY
voted from their addresses at bwalk.dm.com...
I was cc:'d about 400 votes for David C Lawrence - should I send
them to this mailing list?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-17 19:00:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Goodbye 
John Gilmore has asked me not to say "good riddance", and so I don't.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-17 19:00:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: YES OR NO? 
Don't know yet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:34:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in the genocide of 2,500,000 moslems 
My friend and colleague, Dr. Serdar Argic, has cited the following sources
in reference to Ray Arachelian's criminal dandruff-covered grandparents:
_The Jewish Times_ June 21, 1990
_An appropriate analogy with the Jewish Holocaust might be the
 systematic extermination of the entire Muslim population of
 the independent republic of Armenia which consisted of at
 least 30-40 percent of the population of that republic. The
 memoirs of an Armenian army officer who participated in and
 eye-witnessed these atrocities was published in the U.S. in
 1926 with the title 'Men Are Like That.' Other references abound._
A. Lalayan, _Revolutsionniy Vostok (Revolutionary East)_
             No: 2-3, Moscow, 1936.
            -One of the architects of the Armenian genocide
             of 2.5 million Muslim people_
 _I killed Muslims by every means possible. Yet it is
  sometimes a pity to waste bullets for this. The best
  way is to gather all of these dogs and throw them into
  wells and then fill the wells with big and heavy stones,
  as I did. I gathered all of the women, men and children,
  threw big stones down on top of them. They must never live
  on this earth._
 Leonard Ramsden Hartill, _Men Are Like That_ The Bobbs-Merrill
                           Company, Indianapolis (1926).
_Memoirs of an Armenian officer who participated in the Armenian
 genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
_For example, we were camped one night in a half-ruined Tartar
 mosque, the most habitable building of a destroyed village, near
 the border of Persia and Russian Armenia. During the course of
 evening I asked Ohanus if he could tell me anything of the history
 of the village and the cause of its destruction. In his matter of
 fact way he replied, Yes, I assisted in its sack and destruction,
 and witnessed the slaying of those whose bones you saw to-day
 scattered among its ruins._
p. 218 (first and second paragraphs)
_We Armenians did not spare the Muslims. If persisted in, the
 slaughtering of Tartars, the looting, and the rape and massacre
 of the helpless become commonplace actions expected and accepted
 as a matter of course.
 I have been on the scenes of massacres where the dead lay on the
 ground, in numbers, like the fallen leaves in a forest. Muslims
 had been as helpless and as defenseless as sheep. They had not died
 as soldiers die in the heat of battle, fired with ardor and courage,
 with weapons in their hands, and exchanging blow for blow. They had
 died as the helpless must, with their hearts and brains bursting
 with horror worse than death itself._
 Leonard Ramsden Hartill, _Men Are Like That_ The Bobbs-Merrill
                           Company, Indianapolis (1926).
_Memoirs of an Armenian officer who participated in the Armenian
 genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 15 (second paragraph)
_The Tartars [Muslims] were, for the most part, poor. Some of them
 lived in villages and cultivated small farms; many of them continued
 in the way of life of their nomadic forefathers. They drove their
 flocks and herds from valley to valley, from plain to mountain, and
 from mountain to plain, following the pasturage as it changed with
 the seasons. They ranged from the salt desert shores of the Caspian
 Sea far into the mighty Caucasus Mountains. Even the village Tartars
 are a primitive people, only semicivilized.
 I can see now that we Armenians frankly despised the Tartars, and,
 while holding a disproportionate share of the wealth of the country,
 regarded and treated them as inferiors._
p. 20 (second paragraph)
_Our men armed themselves, gathered together and advanced on the
 Tartar section of the village. There were no lights in the houses
 and the doors were barred, for the Tartars suspected what as to
 happen and were in great fear. Our men hammered on the doors, but
 got no response; whereupon they smashed in the doors and began a
 carnage that continued until the last Tartar was slain. Throughout
 the hideous night, I cowered at home in terror, unable to shut my
 ears to the piercing screams of the helpless victims and the loud
 shouts of our men. By morning the work was finished._
 Leonard Ramsden Hartill, _Men Are Like That_ The Bobbs-Merrill
                           Company, Indianapolis (1926).
_Memoirs of an Armenian officer who participated in the Armenian
 genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 109 (second paragraph).
_The method of execution was for an Armenian government 'mauserist'
 to walk up behind the condemned Muslim in his home or on the street,
 place a pistol to the back of his head and blow out his brains.
 This simple way of getting rid of those who were undesirable in
 the view of the Armenian government and soon became a common way
 of paying debts._
p. 202 (first and second paragraphs)
_We closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as
 ways of escape for the Tartars and then proceeded in the work
 of extermination. Our troops surrounded village after village.
 Little resistance was offered. Our artillery knocked the huts
 into heaps of stone and dust and when the villages became untenable
 and inhabitants fled from them into fields, bullets and bayonets
 completed the work. Some of the Tartars escaped of course. They
 found refuge in the mountains or succeeded in crossing the border
 into Turkey. The rest were killed. And so it is that the whole
 length of the borderland of Russian Armenia from Nakhitchevan to
 Akhalkalaki from the hot plains of Ararat to the cold mountain
 plateau of the North were dotted with mute mournful ruins of
 Tartar villages. They are quiet now, those villages, except for
 howling of wolves and jackals that visit them to paw over the
 scattered bones of the dead._
 Leonard Ramsden Hartill, _Men Are Like That_ The Bobbs-Merrill
                           Company, Indianapolis.
_Memoirs of an Armenian officer who participated in the Armenian
 genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 203 (second paragraph)
_One evening I passed through what had been a Tartar village. Among
 the ruins a fire was burning. I went to the fire and saw seated about
 it a group of soldiers. Among them were two Tartar girls, mere children.
 The girls were crouched on the ground, crying softly with suppressed
 sobs. Lying scattered over the ground were broken household utensils
 and other furnishings of Tartar peasant homes. There were also bodies
 of the Muslim dead._
p. 204 (first paragraph)
_I was soon asleep. In the night I was awakened by the persistent crying
 of a child. I arose and went to investigate. A full moon enabled me to
 make my way about and revealed to me all the wreck and litter of the
 tragedy that had been enacted. Guided by the child's crying, I entered
 the yard of a house, which I judged from its appearance must have been
 the home of a Muslim family. There in a corner of the yard I found a
 women dead. Her throat had been cut. Lying on her breast was a small
 child, a girl about a year old._
_San Francisco Chronicle_ (December 11, 1983)
_We have first hand information and evidence of Armenian
 atrocities against our people (Jews). Members of our family
 witnessed the murder of 148 members of our family near Erzurum,
 Turkey, by Armenian neighbors, bent on destroying anything and
 anybody remotely Jewish and/or Muslim...Armenians were in league
 with Hitler in the last war, on his premise to grant themselves
 government if, in return, the Armenians would help exterminate
 Jews. Armenians were also hearty proponents of the anti-Semitic
 acts in league with the Russian Communists._
Signed Elihu Ben Levi, Vacaville, California.
"U.S. Library of Congress" _Bristol Papers_ - General
                            Correspondence Container  _While the Dashnaks [x-Russian Armenian Government] were in
  power they did everything in the world to keep the pot boiling
  by attacking Kurds, Turks and Tartars; by committing outrages
  against the Moslems; by massacring the Moslems; and robbing and
  destroying their homes. During the last two years the Armenians
  in Russian Caucasus have shown no ability to govern themselves
  and especially no ability to govern or handle other races under
  their power._
_Bristol Papers_, General Correspondence: Container  Bristol
                  to Bradley Letter of September 14, 1920.
_I have it from absolute first-hand information that the
 Armenians in the Caucasus attacked Tartar (Muslim) villages
 that are utterly defenseless and bombarded these villages
 with artillery and they murder the inhabitants, pillage the
 village and often burn the village._
F. Kazemzadeh, _The Struggle for Transcaucasia_ (New York, 1951),
               p. 69.
_This three-day massacre by Armenians is recorded in history as
 the 'March Events' and thousands of Muslims, old people, women
 and children lost their lives._
W. E. D. Allen and Paul Muratoff, _Caucasian Battlefields_ Cambridge
                                  University Press, 1953, p. 481.
_As the Armenians found support among the Reds (who regarded the
 Tartars as a counter-revolutionary elements) the fighting soon
 became a massacre of the Tartar population._
G. Bronsart, _Deutsche Allgemeine Zeitung_ July 24, 1921
_Since all the Moslems capable of bearing arms were in the
 Muslim Army, it was easy to organize a terrible massacre by
 the Armenians against defenseless people, because the Armenians
 were not only attacking the sides and rear of the Eastern Army
 paralyzed at the front by the Russians, but were attacking the
 Moslem folk in the region as well._
John Dewey, _The Turkish Tragedy_ The New Republic, Volume 40,
             November 12, 1928, pp. 268-269.
_Armenians boasted of having raised an army of one hundred and
 fifty thousand men to fight a civil war, and that they burned
 at least a hundred Muslim villages and exterminated their
 population._
G. Hamelin, _Les Armees Francaises au Levant_ February 2, 1919,
             Vol. 1, p. 122.
_Armenians burned and destroyed many Muslim villages in their
 advance and practically all Muslim villages in their retreat
 from Marash._
Prof F. Hertas, _Van Muslim Holocaust Museum: Muslim and Western
                 Documents on the Genocide Committed by the Armenians
                 Against the Muslims_ 1984.
p. 121.
_In his speech given at the Sivas Congress, Mustafa Kemal once again
 drew a picture of the country under occupation:
 In the East, the Armenians are making preparations for advancing to
 the River Halys (Kizilirmak), and have already started a policy of
 massacring the Moslem population._
p. 122.
_The situation of the southern provinces of Turkey after the signing
 of the Mudros Armistice is described by Ataturk in his speech:
 The Armenians in the south, armed by foreign troops and encouraged
 by the protection they enjoyed, molested the Mohammedans of their
 district. They pursued a relentless policy of murder and extinction
 everywhere. The Armenians had completely destroyed an old Mohammedan
 town like Maras by their artillery and machine-gun fire.
 They killed thousands of innocent and defenceless Muslim women and
 children. The Armenians were the instigators of the atrocities, which
 were unique in history.
 Threatened by the bayonets of the Armenians, who were armed to the teeth,
 the Mohammedans in the Vilayet of Adana were at that time in danger of
 being annihilated. While this policy of oppression and annihilation was
 carried on against the Mohammedans by the Armenians..._
Basar, H. K. (ed.); _Muslim and Russian Documents on the Genocide
                     Committed by the Armenians Against the Muslims_
                     1981.
p. 22.
_The atrocities and massacres which have been committed for a long time
 against the Muslim population within the Armenian Republic have been
 confirmed with very accurate information, and the observations made by
 Rawlinson, the British representative in Erzurum, have confirmed that
 these atrocities are being committed by the Armenians. The United States
 delegation of General Harbord has seen the thousands of refugees who came
 to take refuge with Kazim Karabekir's soldiers, hungry and miserable,
 their children and wives, their properties destroyed, and the delegation
 was a witness to the cruelties. Many Muslim villages have been destroyed
 by the soldiers of Armenian troops armed with cannons and machine guns
 before the eyes of Karabekir's troops and the people. When it was hoped
 that this operation would end, unfortunately since the beginning of
 February the cruelties inflicted on the Muslim population of the region
 of Shuraghel, Akpazar, Zarshad, and Childir have increased. According
 to documented information, 28 Muslim villages have been destroyed in the
 aforementioned region, more than 60,000 people have been slaughtered,
 many possessions and livestock have been seized, young Muslim women
 have been taken to Kars and Gumru, thousands of women and children who
 were able to flee their villages were beaten, raped and massacred in the
 mountains, and this aggression against the properties, lives, chastity
 and honour of the Muslims continued. It was the responsibility of the
 Armenian Government that the cruelties and massacres be stopped in order
 to alleviate the tensions of Muslim public opinion due to the atrocities
 committed by the Armenians, that the possessions taken from the Muslims
 be returned and that indemnities be paid, that the properties, lives,
 and honour of the Muslims be protected._
Avetis Aharonian, _From Sardarapat to Sevres and Lausanne_
                   Armenian Review, Vol. 16, No. 3-63, Autumn,
                   Sep. 1963, pp. 47-57.
p. 52 (second paragraph).
_Your three Armenian chiefs, Dro, Hamazasp and Kulkhandanian are
 the ringleaders of the bands which have destroyed Muslim villages
 and have staged massacres in Zangezour, Surmali, Etchmiadzin, and
 Zangibasar. This is intolerable. Look - and here he pointed to a
 file of official documents on the table - look at this, here in
 December are the reports of the last few months concerning ruined
 Muslim villages which my representative Wardrop has sent me. The
 official Tartar communique speaks of the destruction of 300 villages
 by the Armenians._
p. 54 (fifth paragraph).
_Yes, of course. I repeat, until this massacre of the Muslim is
 stopped and the three chiefs are not removed from your military
 leadership I hardly think we can supply you arms and ammunition._
_It is the armed bands led by Dro, Hamazasp and Kulkhandanian who
 during the past months have raided and destroyed many Muslim villages
 in the regions of Surmali, Etchmiadzin, Zangezour, and Zangibasar.
 There are official charges of massacres by the Armenians._
Doc. Dr. Azmi Suslu, _Russian View on the Genocide Committed by
                      the Armenians Against the Muslims_ 1987,
                      pp. 45-53.
_The killings were organized by the doctors and the employers, and
 the act of killing was committed solely by the Armenian Army. More
 than eighty thousand unarmed and defenceless Muslims have been massacred
 in Erzincan and Erzurum. Large holes were dug and the defenceless
 Muslims were slaughtered like animals next to the holes. Later, the
 murdered Muslims were thrown into the holes. The Armenian who stood
 near the hole would say when the hole was filled with the corpses:
 'Seventy dead bodies, well, this hole can take ten more.' Thus ten
 more Muslims would be cut into pieces, thrown into the hole, and when
 the hole was full it would be covered over with soil.
 The Armenians responsible for the act of murdering would frequently
 fill a house with eighty Muslims, and cut their heads off one by one.
 Following the Erzincan massacre, the Armenians began to withdraw
 towards Erzurum... The Armenian Army among those who withdrew to
 Erzurum from Erzincan raided the Moslem villages on the road, and
 destroyed the entire population, together with the villages._
A. Rawlinson, _Adventures in the Near East_
Jonathan Cape, 30 Bedford Square, London, 1934
(First published 1923) (287 pages).
_Memoirs of a British officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 184 (second paragraph)
_I had received further very definite information of horrors
 that had been committed by the Armenian soldiery in Kars Plain,
 and as I had been able to judge of their want of discipline by
 their treatment of my own detached parties, I had wired to Tiflis
 from Zivin that 'in the interests of humanity the Armenians should
 not be left in independent command of the Moslem population, as,
 their troops being without discipline and not under effective control,
 atrocities were constantly being committed, for which we should with
 justice eventually be held to be morally responsible'_
A. Rawlinson, _Adventures in the Near East_
Jonathan Cape, 30 Bedford Square, London, 1934
(First published 1923) (287 pages).
_Memoirs of a British officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 178 (first paragraph)
_In those Moslem villages in the plain below which had been
 searched for arms by the Armenians everything had been taken
 under the cloak of such search, and not only had many Moslems
 been killed by the Armenian Army, but horrible tortures had
 been inflicted in the endeavour to obtain information as to
 where valuables had been hidden, of which the Armenians were
 aware of the existence, although they had been unable to find
 them._
p. 177 (third paragraph)
_Armenian troops have pillaged and destroyed all the Moslem
 villages in the plain. Caravans of refugees were in the meanwhile
 constantly arriving from the plain, from which the whole Moslem
 population was fleeing with as much of their personal property as
 they could transport, seeking to obtain security and protection._
A. Rawlinson, _Adventures in the Near East_
Jonathan Cape, 30 Bedford Square, London, 1934
(First published 1923) (287 pages).
_Memoirs of a British officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 175 (first paragraph)
_The arrival of this British brigade was followed by the
 announcement that Kars Province had been allotted by the
 Supreme Council of the Allies to the Armenians, and that
 announcement having been made, the British troops were then
 completely withdrawn, and Armenian occupation commenced. Hence
 all the trouble; for the Armenians at once commenced the wholesale
 robbery and persecution of the Muslem population on the pretext
 that it was necessary forcibly to deprive them of their arms.
 In the portion of the province which lies in the plains they
 were able to carry out their purpose, and the manner in which
 this was done will be referred to in due course._
p. 181 (first paragraph)
_The Armenians from the plain were attacking the Kurdish people
 with artillery, with a large force in support._
Robert Dunn, _World Alive, A Personal Story_
Crown Publishers, Inc., New York (1952).
_Memoirs of an American officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 361 (seventh paragraph) and p. 362 (first paragraph).
 'The most of the Muslims slaughtered by the Armenians are
  inside houses. Come you and look.'
 'No, dammit! My stomach isn't-'
 _We were under those trees by the mosque, in an open space.
 'I don't believe you,' I said, but followed to a nail-studded
  door. The man pushed it ajar, then spurred away, leaving me
  to check on the corpse. I thought I should, this charge was
  so constant, so gritted my teeth and went inside.
  The place was cool but reeked of sodden ashes, and was dark
  at first, for its stone walls had only window slits. Rags
  strewed the mud floor around an iron tripod over embers that
  vented their smoke through roof beams black with soot. All
  looked bare and empty, but in an inner room flies buzzed. As
  the door swung shut behind me I saw they came from a man's
  body lying face up, naked but for its grimy turban. He was
  about fifty years old by what was left of his face - a rifle
  butt had bashed an eye. The one left slanted, as with Tartars
  rather than with Kurds. Any uniform once on him was gone, so
  I'd no proof which he was, and quickly went out, gagging at
  the mess of his slashed genitals._
Robert Dunn, _World Alive, A Personal Story_
Crown Publishers, Inc., New York (1952).
_Memoirs of an American officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 363 (first paragraph).
 'How many Muslim people lived there?'
 'Oh, about eight hundred.' He yawned.
 'Did you see any Muslim officers?'
 'No, sir. I was in at dawn. All were Tartar civilians in mufti.'
_The lieutenant dozed off, then I, but in the small hours a
 voice woke me - Dro's [Armenian architect of the genocide
 of 2.5 million Muslim people - ye]. He stood in the starlight
 bawling out an officer. Anyone keelhauled so long and furiously
 I'd never heard. Then abruptly Dro broke into laughter, quick
 and simple as child's. Both were a cover for his sense of guilt,
 I thought, or hoped. For somehow, despite my boast of irreligion,
 Christian Armenian massacring 'infidels' was more horrible than
 the reverse would have been.
 From daybreak on, Armenian villagers poured in from miles around.
 The Armenian women plundered happily, chattering like ravens as
 they picked over the carcass of Djul. They hauled out every hovel's
 chattels, the last scrap of food or cloth, and staggered away, packing
 pots, saddlebags, looms, even spinning-wheels.
 'Thank you for a lot, Dro,' I said to him back in camp. 'But now I
 must leave.' We shook hands, the captain said 'A bientot, mon camarade.'
 And for hours the old Molokan scout and I plodded north across parching
 plains. Like Lot's wife I looked back once to see smoke bathing all,
 doubtless in a sack of other Moslem villages by the Armenian Army up to
 the line of snow that was Iran.'_
Robert Dunn, _World Alive, A Personal Story_
Crown Publishers, Inc., New York (1952).
_Memoirs of an American officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 354.
_At morning tea, Dro [Armenian architect of the genocide of 2.5
 million Muslim people - ye] and his officers spread out a map
 of this whole high region called the Karabakh. Deep in tactics,
 Armenians spoke Russian, but I got their contempt for Allied
 'neutral' zones and their distrust of promises made by tribal
 chiefs. A campaign shaped; more raids on Moslem villages._
p. 358.
"It will be three hours to take," Dro told me. We'd close in on
 three sides.
"The men on foot will not shoot, but use only the bayonets,"
 Merrimanov said, jabbing a rifle in dumbshow.
"That is for morale," Dro put in. "We must keep the Moslems in
 terror."
"Soldiers or civilians?" I asked.
"There is no difference," said Dro. "All are armed, in uniform
 or not."
"But the women and children?"
"Will fly with the others as best they may."
Robert Dunn, _World Alive, A Personal Story_
Crown Publishers, Inc., New York (1952).
_Memoirs of an American officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 360.
_The ridges circled a wide expanse, its floors still. Hundreds
 of feet down, the fog held, solid as cotton flock. 'Djul lies
 under that,' said Dro [Armenian architect of the genocide of
 2.5 million Muslim people - ye], pointing. 'Our men also attack
 Muslims from the other sides.'
 Then, 'Whee-ee!' - his whistle lined up all at the rock edge.
 Bayonets clicked upon carbines. Over plunged Archo, his black
 haunches rippling; then followed the staff, the horde - nose
 to tail, bellies taking the spur. Armenia in action seemed more
 like a pageant than war, even though I heard our Utica brass roar.
 As I watched from the height, it took ages for Djul to show clear.
 A tsing of machine-gun fire took over from the thumping batteries;
 cattle lowed, dogs barked, invisible, while I ate a hunk of cheese
 and drank from a snow puddle. Mist at last folded upward as men
 shouted, at first heard faintly. Then came a shrill wailing.
 Now among the cloud-streaks rose darker wisps - smoke. Red glimmered
 about house walls of stone or wattle, into dry weeds on roofs. A
 mosque stood in clump of trees, thick and green. Through crooked
 alleys on fire, horsemen were galloping after figures both mounted
 and on foot.
 'Tartarski!' shouted the Armenian gunner by me. Others pantomimed
 them in escape over the rocks, while one twisted a bronze shell-nose,
 loaded, and yanked breech-cord, firing again and again. Shots wasted,
 I thought, when by afternoon I looked in vain for fallen branch or
 Muslim body. But these shots and the white bursts of shrapnel in the
 gullies drowned the women's cries.
 At length all shooting petered out. I got on my horse and rode down
 toward Djul. It burned still but little flame showed now. The way was
 steep and tough, through dense scrub. Finally on flatter ground I came
 out suddenly, through alders, on smoldering houses. Across trampled
 wheat my brothers-in-arms were leading off animals, several calves
 and a lamb._
Robert Dunn, _World Alive, A Personal Story_
Crown Publishers, Inc., New York (1952).
_Memoirs of an American officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 361 (fourth paragraph).
_Armenian corpses came next, the first a pretty Muslim child with
 straight black hair, large eyes. She looked about twelve years old.
 She lay in some stubble where meal lay scattered from the sack
 she'd been toting. The bayonet had gone through her back, I judged,
 for blood around was scant. Between the breasts one clot, too small
 for a bullet wound, crusted her homespun dress.
 The next was a Muslim boy of ten or less, in rawhide jacket and
 knee-pants. He lay face down in the path by several huts. One arm
 reached out to the pewter bowl he'd carried, now upset upon its
 dough. Steel had jabbed just below his neck, into the spine.
 There were Muslim grownups, too, I saw as I led the sorrel around.
 Djul was empty of the living till I looked up to see beside me Dro's
 [Armenian architect of the genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people - ye]
 German-speaking colonel. He said all Muslims who had not escaped were
 dead._
Robert Dunn, _World Alive, A Personal Story_
Crown Publishers, Inc., New York (1952).
_Memoirs of an American officer who witnessed the
 Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people_
p. 358.
 _More stories of Armenian murdering Muslims when the czarist troops
  fled north. My Armenian hosts told me of their duty here: to keep
  tabs on brigands, Muslim troop shifts, hidden arms, spies - Christian,
  Red or Tartar - coming in from Transcaucasus. Then they spoke of the
  hell that would break loose if Versailles were to put, as threatened,
  the Muslim vilayets of Turkey under the control of Erevan.
  Muslims under Christian rule? His lips smacked in irony under the
  droopy red moustache. That's bloodshed - just Smyrna over again on
  a bigger scale._
 _The Armenians did exterminate the entire Muslim population
  of Russian Armenia as Muslims were considered inferior to
  the Armenians by the prominent leaders of the Dashnaks._
                                    _Mikael Kaprilian_ 1919
 Sahak Melkonian, _Preserving the Armenian Purity_ 1920
_In Soviet Armenia today there no longer exists a single Turkish
 soul. It is in our power to tear away the veil of illusion that
 some of us create for ourselves. It certainly is possible to severe
 the artificial life-support system of an imagined 'ethnic purity'
 that some of us falsely trust as the only structure that can support
 their heart beats in this alien land._
During the First World War and the ensuing years - 1914-1920,
the Armenians through a premeditated and systematic genocide,
tried to complete its centuries-old policy of annihilation against
the Turks and Kurds by savagely murdering 2.5 million Muslims and
deporting the rest from their 1,000 year homeland.
The attempt at genocide is justly regarded as the first instance
of Genocide in the 20th Century acted upon an entire people.
This event is incontrovertibly proven by historians, government
and international political leaders, such as U.S. Ambassador Mark
Bristol, William Langer, Ambassador Layard, James Barton, Stanford
Shaw, Arthur Chester, John Dewey, Robert Dunn, Papazian, Nalbandian,
Ohanus Appressian, Jorge Blanco Villalta, General Nikolayef, General
Bolkovitinof, General Prjevalski, General Odiselidze, Meguerditche,
Kazimir, Motayef, Twerdokhlebof, General Hamelin, Rawlinson, Avetis
Aharonian, Dr. Stephan Eshnanie, Varandian, General Bronsart, Arfa,
Dr. Hamlin, Boghos Nubar, Sarkis Atamian, Katchaznouni, Rachel
Bortnick, Halide Edip, McCarthy, W. B. Allen, Paul Muratoff and many
J. C. Hurewitz, Professor of Government Emeritus, Former Director of
the Middle East Institute (1971-1984), Columbia University.
Bernard Lewis, Cleveland E. Dodge Professor of Near Eastern History,
Princeton University.
Halil Inalcik, University Professor of Ottoman History & Member of
the American Academy of Arts & Sciences, University of Chicago.
Peter Golden, Professor of History, Rutgers University, Newark.
Stanford Shaw, Professor of History, University of California at
Los Angeles.
Thomas Naff, Professor of History & Director, Middle East Research
Institute, University of Pennsylvania.
Ronald Jennings, Associate Professor of History & Asian Studies,
University of Illinois.
Howard Reed, Professor of History, University of Connecticut.
Dankwart Rustow, Distinguished University Professor of Political
Science, City University Graduate School, New York.
John Woods, Associate Professor of Middle Eastern History,
University of Chicago.
John Masson Smith, Jr., Professor of History, University of
California at Berkeley.
Alan Fisher, Professor of History, Michigan State University.
Avigdor Levy, Professor of History, Brandeis University.
Andreas G. E. Bodrogligetti, Professor of History, University of California
at Los Angeles.
Kathleen Burrill, Associate Professor of Turkish Studies, Columbia University.
Roderic Davison, Professor of History, George Washington University.
Walter Denny, Professor of History, University of Massachusetts.
Caesar Farah, Professor of History, University of Minnesota.
Tom Goodrich, Professor of History, Indiana University of Pennsylvania.
Tibor Halasi-Kun, Professor Emeritus of Turkish Studies, Columbia University.
Justin McCarthy, Professor of History, University of Louisville.
Jon Mandaville, Professor of History, Portland State University (Oregon).
Robert Olson, Professor of History, University of Kentucky.
Madeline Zilfi, Professor of History, University of Maryland.
James Stewart-Robinson, Professor of Turkish Studies, University of Michigan.
_long list deleted_
_Newsweek_ (November 29, 1993, p. 50)
   _Armenians occupy a quarter of Azerbaijan's territory, and
    they've displaced almost a million Azerbaijani civilians.
    Friends of Armenia's powerful lobby in Washington, including
    the U.S. Government are suddenly a bit aghast. 'What we see
    now is a systematic destruction of every village in their
    way' says a senior state department official. It's vandalism._
_THE GUARDIAN_, 2 September 1993
       NOWHERE TO HIDE FOR AZERI REFUGEES
Armenia is pushing a new wave of displaced people towards Iran.
Jonathan RUGMAN in Kanliq, south-west Azerbaijan, reports
On  the main road south through Kubatli province, thousands  of
men,  women  and children are packed into trucks  at  an  Azeri
checkpoint waiting for permission to leave. Helicopters shuttle
in and out with the wounded, while a group of women sit wailing
at the roadside, tearing at their bloodstained faces with their
fingernails in a frenzy of grief.
A  new  exodus  of  refugees is under way towards  Azerbaijan's
border  with  Iran as Armenia forces continue  ignoring  United
Nations  demands that they stop their offensive.
This  week the UNHCR began distributing 4,000 tents and  50,000
blankets  to  those  displaced in the recent  hostilities.  The
organisation  said about 250,000 Azeris have been displaced  so
far  this year and about 1 million since the massacre began  in
[Photo:] A man carries his elderly mother in the capital Baku. The
UN says about 250,000 Azeris have been displaced this year.
[Map: Shows areas invaded by Armenians]
_Newsweek_ 16 March 1992
By Pascal Privat with Steve Le Vine in Moscow
             THE FACE OF A MASSACRE
Azerbaijan was a charnel house again last week:  a  place
of  mourning  refugees  and  dozens  of  mangled  corpses
dragged  to  a  makeshift morgue behind the mosque.  They
were  ordinary  Azerbaijani men, women  and  children  of
Khojaly, a  small village  in  war-torn  Nagorno-Karabakh
overrun  by  Armenian  forces on Feb.  25-26.  Many  were
killed  at  close range while trying to  flee;  some  had
their  faces  mutilated, others were scalped.  While  the
victims' families mourned,
Photo: `We will never forgive the Armenians': Azeri woman
       mourn a victim.
_The New York Times_, Tuesday, March 3, 1992
                    MASSACRE BY ARMENIANS
Agdam, Azerbaijan, March 2 (Reuters) - Fresh evidence emerged
today of a massacre of civilians by Armenian militants in
Nagorno-Karabakh, a predominantly Armenian enclave of Azerbaijan.
                         Scalping Reported
Azerbaijani officials and journalists who flew briefly to the region
by helicopter brought back three dead children with the back of their
heads blown off. They said shooting by Armenians has prevented them
from retrieving more bodies.
"Women and children have been scalped," said Assad Faradshev, an aide
to Nagorno-Karabakh's Azerbaijani Governor. "When we began to pick up
bodies, they began firing at us."
The Azerbaijani militia chief in Agdam, Rashid Mamedov, said: "The
bodies are lying there like flocks of sheep. Even the fascists did
nothing like this."
                         Truckloads of Bodies
Near Agdam on the outskirts of Nagorno-Karabakh, a Reuters photographer,
Frederique Lengaigne, said she had seen two trucks filled with Azerbaijani
"In the first one I counted 35, and it looked as though there were as
many in the second," she said. "Some had their head cut off, and many
had been burned. They were all men, and a few had been wearing khaki
_The Sunday Times_ 1 March 1992
By Thomas Goltz, Agdam, Azerbaijan
    ARMENIAN SOLDIERS MASSACRE HUNDREDS OF FLEEING FAMILIES
Survivors reported that Armenian soldiers shot and bayoneted more
than 450 Azeris, many of them women and children. Hundreds, possibly
thousands, were missing and feared dead.
The attackers killed most of the soldiers and volunteers defending
the women and children. They then turned their guns on the terrified
refugees. The few survivors later described what happened: 'That's
when the real slaughter began,' said Azer Hajiev, one of three soldiers
to survive. 'The Armenians just shot and shot. And then they came in
and started carving up people with their bayonets and knives.'
'They were shooting, shooting, shooting,' echoed Rasia Aslanova, who
arrived in Agdam with other women and children who made their way
through Armenian lines. She said her husband, Kayun, and a son-in-law
were massacred in front of her. Her daughter was still missing.
One boy who arrived in Agdam had an ear sliced off.
The survivors said 2000 others, some of whom had fled separately,
were still missing in the gruelling terrain; many could perish from
their wounds or the cold.
By late yesterday, 479 deaths had been registered at the morgue in
Agdam's morgue, and 29 bodies had been buried in the cemetery. Of
the seven corpses I saw awaiting burial, two were children and three
were women, one shot through the chest at point blank range.
Agdam hospital was a scene of carnage and terror. Doctors said they
had 140 patients who escaped slaughter, most with bullet injuries or
deep stab wounds.
Nor were they safe in Agdam. On friday night rockets fell on the city
which has a population of 150,000, destroying several buildings and
killing one person.
_The Times_ 2 March 1992
              CORPSES LITTER HILLS IN KARABAKH
   (ANATOL LIEVEN COMES UNDER FIRE WHILE FLYING TO INVESTIGATE
       THE MASS KILLINGS OF REFUGEES BY ARMENIAN TROOPS)
As we swooped low over the snow-covered hills of Nagorno-Karabagh
we saw the scattered corpses. Apparently, the refugees had been
shot down as they ran. An Azerbaijani film of the places we flew
over, shown to journalists afterwards, showed DOZENS OF CORPSES
lying in various parts of the hills.
The Azerbaijanis claim that AS MANY AS 1000 have died in a MASS
KILLING of AZERBAIJANIS fleeing from the town of Khodjaly, seized
by Armenians last week. A further 4,000 are believed to be wounded,
frozen to death or missing.
The civilian helicopter's job was to land in the mountains and pick
up bodies at sites of the mass killings.
The civilian helicopter picked up four corpses, and it was during
this and a previous mission that an Azerbaijani cameraman filmed
the several dozen bodies on the hillsides.
Back at the airfield in Agdam, we took a look at the bodies the
civilian helicopter had picked up. Two old men a small girl were
covered with blood, their limbs contorted by the cold and rigor
mortis. They had been shot.
_TIME_ March 16, 1992
By Jill SMOLOWE
-Reported by Yuri ZARAKHOVICH/Moscow
          M A S S A C R E  I N  K H O J A L Y
While the details are argued, this much is plain: something grim
and unconscionable happened in the Azerbaijani town of Khojaly
two weeks ago. So far, some 200 dead Azerbaijanis, many of them
mutilated, have been transported out of the town tucked inside
the Armenian-dominated enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh for burial in
neighboring Azerbaijan. The total number of deaths - the Azerbaijanis
claim 1,324 civilians have been slaughtered, most of them women and
children - is unknown.
Videotapes circulated by the Azerbaijanis include images of defaced
civilians, some of them scalped, others shot in the head.
_BBC1 Morning News at 07.37, Tuesday 3 March 1992_
BBC reporter was live on line and he claimed that he saw more
than 100 bodies of Azeri men, women and children as well as a
baby who are shot dead from their heads from a very short distance.
_BBC1 Morning News at 08:12, Tuesday 3 March 1992_
Very disturbing picture has shown that many civilian corpses
who were picked up from mountain. Reporter said he, cameraman
and Western Journalists have seen more than 100 corpses, who
are men, women, children, massacred by Armenians. They have
been shot dead from their heads as close as 1 meter. Picture
also has shown nearly ten bodies (mainly women and children)
are shot dead from their heads. Azerbaijan claimed that more
than 1000 civilians massacred by Armenian forces.
_Channel 4 News at 19.00, Monday 2 March 1992_
2 French journalists have seen 32 corpses of men, women and
children in civilian clothes. Many of them shot dead from
their heads as close as less than 1 meter.
_Report from Karabakpress_
A merciless massacre of the civilian population of the small
Azeri town of Khojali (Population 6000) in Karabagh, Azerbaijan,
is reported to have taken place on the night of February 28 by
the Soviet Armenian Army. Close to 1000 people are reported to
have been massacred. Elderly and children were not spared. Many
were badly beaten and shot at close range. A sense of rage and
helplessness has overwhelmed the Azeri population in face of the
well armed and equipped Armenian Army. The neighboring Azeri city
of Aghdam outside of the Karabagh region has come under heavy
Armenian artillery shelling. City hospital was hit and two pregnant
women as well as a new born infant were killed. Azerbaijan is appealing
to the international community to condemn such barbaric and ruthless
attacks on its population and its sovereignty.
_Boston Sunday Globe_ November 21, 1993
by Jon Auerbach
Globe Correspondent
CHAKHARLI, Azerbaijan -- The truckloads of scared and lost
children, the sobbing mothers, the stench of sickness and
the sea of blank faces in this mud-covered refugee camp
obscure the deeper issue of why tens of thousands of Azeris
have fled here.
_What we see now is a systematic destruction of every village
 in their way,_ said one senior US official. _It's one of the
 most disgusting things we've seen._
_It's vandalism,_ the US official said. _The idea that there
 is an aggressive intent in a sound conclusion._
The United Nations estimates that there are more than 1 million
refugees in Azerbaijan, roughly one seventh of the former Soviet
republic's entire population. Thousands who fled to neighboring
Iran are being slowly repatriated to refugee camps already bursting
at the seams. But because of the Karabakh Armenians' policy of
burning villages, relief organizations say there is no hope that
the Azeris could return home anytime soon.
At Chakharli, about 10 miles from Iran, more than 10,000 refugees
are crammed into a makeshift tent city. Aziz Azizova, 33, arrived
in the Iranian run camp about three weeks ago, after she and her
five children were forced to flee their home in the village of
_I left my village with nothing, not even my shoes,_ she said. _You
see how our children are living? Some of them are living right in
the mud._
Azizova, like thousands of others, escaped by fleeing across the Arax
River into neighboring Iran. The UN estimates that around 300 Azeris,
mainly women and children, drowned in the river's currents.
One of the people who did make it across was Samaz Mamedova, a
40-year-old accountant. Sitting with friends in tent No. 566 on
a recent day, Mamedova explained how the Armenians seized her
village in less than a half hour, forcing the entire population
toward the river in a chaotic scramble for survival.
_Cebbar Leygara_ Kurdish Leader - October 13, 1992
 _Today's ethnic cleansing policies by the Serbians against Croatians
  and Muslims of Yugoslavia, as well as the Soviet Republic of Armenia's
  against the Muslim population of neighboring Azerbaijan, are really
  no different in their aspirations than the genocide perpetrated by
  the Armenian Government 78 years ago against the Turkish and Kurdish
  Muslims and Sephardic Jews living in these lands._
_Tovfik Kasimov_ Azeri Leader - September 25, 1992
 _The crime of systematic cleansing by mass killing and extermination
  of the Muslim population in Soviet Republic of Armenia, Karabag,
  Bosnia and Herzegovina is an 'Islamic Holocaust' comparable to the
  extermination of 2.5 million Muslims by the Armenian Government
  during the WWI and of over 6 million European Jews during the WWII._
_The Times_ 3 March 1992
                   MASSACRE UNCOVERED
By ANATOL LIEVEN
More than sixty bodies, including those of women and children,
have been spotted on hillsides in Nagorno-Karabakh, confirming
claims that Armenian troops massacred Azeri refugees. Hundreds
are missing.
Scattered amid the withered grass and bushes along a small valley
and across the hillside beyond are the bodies of last Wednesday's
massacre by Armenian forces of Azerbaijani refugees.
In all, 31 bodies could be counted at the scene. At least another
31 have been taken into Agdam over the past five days. These figures
do not include civilians reported killed when the Armenians stormed
the Azerbaijani town of Khodjaly on Tuesday night. The figures also
do not include other as yet undiscovered bodies
Zahid Jabarov, a survivor of the massacre, said he saw up to 200
people shot down at the point we visited, and refugees who came
by different routes have also told of being shot at repeatedly and
of leaving a trail of bodies along their path. Around the bodies
we saw were scattered possessions, clothing and personnel documents.
The bodies themselves have been preserved by the bitter cold which
killed others as they hid in the hills and forest after the massacre.
All are the bodies of ordinary people, dressed in the poor, ugly
clothing of workers.
Of the 31 we saw, only one policeman and two apparent national
volunteers were wearing uniform. All the rest were civilians,
including eight women and three small children. Two groups,
apparently families, had fallen together, the children cradled
in the women's arms.
Several of them, including one small girl, had terrible head
injuries: only her face was left. Survivors have told how they
saw Armenians shooting them point blank as they lay on the ground.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-19 20:14:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Car Rental: Refusal to take Check Cards 
If the customer has a dispute with the merchant and follows certain
procedures, s/he has a great many rights. S/he gives up those rights
by not following the proper procedures. Most people don't realize this
when they have a dispute.
The folks who blew up the World Trade Center rented their van with cash.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-20 08:10:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [PGP] Re: FYI - Biham/Shamir Differential Fault Analysis of DES, etc. 
Tim (using a different last name) is lying.
I did not write the anonymous article about Matt Blaze.
I think it was written by Tim May, who's trying to blame all
sorts of garbage on me.
Timmy May and his supporters have no place on any forum related to
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-20 12:50:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Question: OTP 
It ain't me either. Must be one of Timmy May's tentacles.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-20 18:40:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May's trash 
Sounds like a crontab job, or Timmy May, or both.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-20 19:13:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
Dr. Serdar Argic is a world-famous historian and Ray makes mistakes in English.
My good friend and colleage, Dr. Serdar Argic, has cited these additional
sources regarding Ray Arachelian's criminal dandruff-covered grandparents:
          M A S S A C R E  I N  K H O J A L Y
While the details are argued, this much is plain: something grim
and unconscionable happened in the Azerbaijani town of Khojaly
two weeks ago. So far, some 200 dead Azerbaijanis, many of them
mutilated, have been transported out of the town tucked inside
the Armenian-dominated enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh for burial in
neighboring Azerbaijan. The total number of deaths - the Azerbaijanis
claim 1,324 civilians have been slaughtered, most of them women and
children - is unknown.
Videotapes circulated by the Azerbaijanis include images of defaced
civilians, some of them scalped, others shot in the head.
_BBC1 Morning News at 07.37, Tuesday 3 March 1992_
BBC reporter was live on line and he claimed that he saw more
than 100 bodies of Azeri men, women and children as well as a
baby who are shot dead from their heads from a very short distance.
_BBC1 Morning News at 08:12, Tuesday 3 March 1992_
Very disturbing picture has shown that many civilian corpses
who were picked up from mountain. Reporter said he, cameraman
and Western Journalists have seen more than 100 corpses, who
are men, women, children, massacred by Armenians. They have
been shot dead from their heads as close as 1 meter. Picture
also has shown nearly ten bodies (mainly women and children)
are shot dead from their heads. Azerbaijan claimed that more
than 1000 civilians massacred by Armenian forces.
_Channel 4 News at 19.00, Monday 2 March 1992_
2 French journalists have seen 32 corpses of men, women and
children in civilian clothes. Many of them shot dead from
their heads as close as less than 1 meter.
_Report from Karabakpress_
A merciless massacre of the civilian population of the small
Azeri town of Khojali (Population 6000) in Karabagh, Azerbaijan,
is reported to have taken place on the night of February 28 by
the Soviet Armenian Army. Close to 1000 people are reported to
have been massacred. Elderly and children were not spared. Many
were badly beaten and shot at close range. A sense of rage and
helplessness has overwhelmed the Azeri population in face of the
well armed and equipped Armenian Army. The neighboring Azeri city
of Aghdam outside of the Karabagh region has come under heavy
Armenian artillery shelling. City hospital was hit and two pregnant
women as well as a new born infant were killed. Azerbaijan is appealing
to the international community to condemn such barbaric and ruthless
attacks on its population and its sovereignty.
_Boston Sunday Globe_ November 21, 1993
by Jon Auerbach
Globe Correspondent
CHAKHARLI, Azerbaijan -- The truckloads of scared and lost
children, the sobbing mothers, the stench of sickness and
the sea of blank faces in this mud-covered refugee camp
obscure the deeper issue of why tens of thousands of Azeris
have fled here.
_What we see now is a systematic destruction of every village
 in their way,_ said one senior US official. _It's one of the
 most disgusting things we've seen._
_It's vandalism,_ the US official said. _The idea that there
 is an aggressive intent in a sound conclusion._
The United Nations estimates that there are more than 1 million
refugees in Azerbaijan, roughly one seventh of the former Soviet
republic's entire population. Thousands who fled to neighboring
Iran are being slowly repatriated to refugee camps already bursting
at the seams. But because of the Karabakh Armenians' policy of
burning villages, relief organizations say there is no hope that
the Azeris could return home anytime soon.
At Chakharli, about 10 miles from Iran, more than 10,000 refugees
are crammed into a makeshift tent city. Aziz Azizova, 33, arrived
in the Iranian run camp about three weeks ago, after she and her
five children were forced to flee their home in the village of
_I left my village with nothing, not even my shoes,_ she said. _You
see how our children are living? Some of them are living right in
the mud._
Azizova, like thousands of others, escaped by fleeing across the Arax
River into neighboring Iran. The UN estimates that around 300 Azeris,
mainly women and children, drowned in the river's currents.
One of the people who did make it across was Samaz Mamedova, a
40-year-old accountant. Sitting with friends in tent No. 566 on
a recent day, Mamedova explained how the Armenians seized her
village in less than a half hour, forcing the entire population
toward the river in a chaotic scramble for survival.
_Cebbar Leygara_ Kurdish Leader - October 13, 1992
 _Today's ethnic cleansing policies by the Serbians against Croatians
  and Muslims of Yugoslavia, as well as the Soviet Republic of Armenia's
  against the Muslim population of neighboring Azerbaijan, are really
  no different in their aspirations than the genocide perpetrated by
  the Armenian Government 78 years ago against the Turkish and Kurdish
  Muslims and Sephardic Jews living in these lands._
_Tovfik Kasimov_ Azeri Leader - September 25, 1992
 _The crime of systematic cleansing by mass killing and extermination
  of the Muslim population in Soviet Republic of Armenia, Karabag,
  Bosnia and Herzegovina is an 'Islamic Holocaust' comparable to the
  extermination of 2.5 million Muslims by the Armenian Government
  during the WWI and of over 6 million European Jews during the WWII._
_The Times_ 3 March 1992
                   MASSACRE UNCOVERED
By ANATOL LIEVEN
More than sixty bodies, including those of women and children,
have been spotted on hillsides in Nagorno-Karabakh, confirming
claims that Armenian troops massacred Azeri refugees. Hundreds
are missing.
Scattered amid the withered grass and bushes along a small valley
and across the hillside beyond are the bodies of last Wednesday's
massacre by Armenian forces of Azerbaijani refugees.
In all, 31 bodies could be counted at the scene. At least another
31 have been taken into Agdam over the past five days. These figures
do not include civilians reported killed when the Armenians stormed
the Azerbaijani town of Khodjaly on Tuesday night. The figures also
do not include other as yet undiscovered bodies
Zahid Jabarov, a survivor of the massacre, said he saw up to 200
people shot down at the point we visited, and refugees who came
by different routes have also told of being shot at repeatedly and
of leaving a trail of bodies along their path. Around the bodies
we saw were scattered possessions, clothing and personnel documents.
The bodies themselves have been preserved by the bitter cold which
killed others as they hid in the hills and forest after the massacre.
All are the bodies of ordinary people, dressed in the poor, ugly
clothing of workers.
Of the 31 we saw, only one policeman and two apparent national
volunteers were wearing uniform. All the rest were civilians,
including eight women and three small children. Two groups,
apparently families, had fallen together, the children cradled
in the women's arms.
Several of them, including one small girl, had terrible head
injuries: only her face was left. Survivors have told how they
saw Armenians shooting them point blank as they lay on the ground.
 THE COMMITTEE FOR PEOPLE'S HELP TO KARABAKH (OF THE) ACADEMY OF
            SCIENCES OF THE AZERBAIJAN SSR - 1988
                  An Appeal to Mankind
During the last three years Azerbaijan and its multinational
population are vainly fighting for justice within the limits of
the Soviet Union. All humanitarian, constitutional human rights
guaranteed by the UN Charter, Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, Helsinki Agreements, Human Problems International Forums,
documents signed by the Soviet Union - all of them are violated.
The USSR's President, government bodies do not defend Azerbaijan
though they are all empowered to take necessary measures to
guarantee life and peace.
The 240,000 strong army of Armenian terrorists with Moscow's
tacit consent wages an undeclared war of annihilation against
Azerbaijan. As a result, a part of Azerbaijan has been occupied
and annexed, thousands of people killed, thousands wounded.
Some 400,000 Azerbaijanis have been brutally and inhumanly
deported from the Armenian SSR, their historical homeland.
Together with them 64,000 Russians and 62,000 Kurds have also
been driven out, a part of them now settled in Azerbaijan.
Some 80,000 Turkish-Meskhetians, Lezghins and representatives
of other Caucasian nationalities who escaped from the Central
Asia where the President and government bodies did not guarantee
them the life and peace also suffered from these deportations.
One of the scandalous vandalisms directed not only against
Azerbaijan science but the world civilization as well is the
Armenian extremists' destruction of the Karabakh scientific
experimental base of The Institute of Genetics and Selection
of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR.
We beg you for humanitarian help and political assistance,
for the honour and dignity of 7 million Azerbaijanis are
violated, its territory, culture  and history are trampled,
its people are shot. There is persistent negative image of
Azerbaijanians abroad, and this defamation is spread over
the whole world by Soviet mass media, Armenian lobby in the
USSR and the United States.
We are for a united, indivisible, sovereign Azerbaijan, we
are for a common Caucasian home proclaimed in 1918 by one
of the founding fathers of the Azerbaijan Democratic
Republic - Muhammed Emin Rasulzade.
But all these goals and expectations are trampled upon the
Soviet leadership in favour of the Armenian expansionists
encouraged by Moscow and intended to create a new '1,000
Year Reich' - the 'Great Armenia' - by annexing the
neighboring lands.
The world public opinion shed tears to save the whales,
suffers for penguins dying out in the Antarctic Continent.
But what about the lives of seven million human beings?
If these people are Muslims, does it mean that they are
less valuable? Can people be discriminated by their
colour of skin or religion, by their residence or other
All people are brothers, and we appeal to our brothers
for help and understanding. This is not the first appeal
of Azerbaijan to the world public opinion. Our previous
appeals were unheard. However, we still carry the hope
that the truth beyond the Russian and Armenian propaganda
will one day reveal the extent of our suffering and
stimulate at least as much help and compassion for
Azerbaijan as tendered to whales and penguins.
        _The Age_ Melbourne, 6/3/92
        By Helen WOMACK  - Agdam, Azerbaijan, Thursday
 The exact number of victims is still unclear, but there can
 be little doubt that Azeri civilians were massacred by Armenian
 Army in the snowy mountains of Nagorno-Karabakh last week.
 Refugees from the enclave town of Khojaly, sheltering in the
 Azeri border town of Agdam, give largely consistent accounts
 of how Armenians attacked their homes on the night of 25 February,
 chased those who fled and shot them in the surrounding forests.
 Yesterday, I saw 75 freshly dug graves in one cemetery in addition
 to four mutilated corpses we were shown in the mosque when we
 arrived in Agdam late on Tuesday. I also saw women and children
 with bullet wounds in a makeshift hospital in a string of railway
 carriages.
 Khojaly, an Azeri settlement in the enclave mostly populated by
 Armenians, had a population of about 6000. Mr. Rashid Mamedov
 Commander of Police in Agdam, said only about 500 escaped to his
 town. _So where are the rest?_. Some might have taken prisoner,
 he said, or fled. Many bodies were still lying in the mountains
 because the Azeris were short of helicopters to retrieve them.
 He believed more than 1000 had perished, some of cold in temperatures
 as low as minus 10 degrees.
 When Azeris saw the Armenians with a convoy of armored personnel
 carriers, they realised they could not hope to defend themselves,
 and fled into the forests. In the small hours, the massacre started.
 Mr. Nasiru, who believes his wife and two children were taken
 prisoner, repeated what many other refugees have said - that
 troops of the former Soviet army helped the Armenians to attack
 Khojaly. _It is not my opinion, I saw it with my own eyes._
_The Washington Post_ 2/28/92
_Nagorno-Karabagh Victims Buried in Azerbaijani Town_
"Refugees claim hundreds died in Armenian Attack...Of seven bodies
 seen here today, two were children and three were women, one shot
 through the chest at what appeared to be close range. Another 120
 refugees being treated at Agdam's hospital include many with multiple
 stab wounds."
_The New York Times_ 3/6/92
_A Final Goodbye in Azerbaijan_
[Photo by Associated Press]: "At a cemetery in Agdam, Azerbaijan,
family members and friends grieved during the burial of victims
massacred by the Armenians in Nagorno-Karabagh. Chingiz Iskandarov,
right, hugged the coffin containing the remains of his brother, one
of the victims. A copy of Koran lay atop the coffin."
_The Washington Post_ 3/6/92
_Final Embrace_
[Photo by Associated Press]: "Chingiz Iskenderov, right, weeps over
coffin holding the remains of his brother as other relatives grieve
at an Azarbaijani cemetery yesterday amid burial of victims killed
by Armenians in Nagorno-Karabagh."
_The Washington Times_ 3/2/92
_Armenian Raid Leaves Azeris Dead or Fleeing_
"...about 1,000 of Khojaly's 10,000 people were massacred by the
 Armenian Army in Tuesdays attack. Azerbaijani television showed
 truckloads of corpses being evacuated from the Khocaly area."
_The Independent_ 2/29/92
By Helen Womack
"Elif Kaban, a Reuter correspondent in Agdam, reported that after
 a massacre on Wednesday, Azeris were burying scores of people who
 died when Armenians overran the town of Khojaly, the second-biggest
 Azeri settlement in the area. 'The world is turning its back on
 what's happening here. We are dying and you are just watching,'
 one mourner shouted at a group of journalists."
 _Reuters_ 2/12/92
_Armenians Burn Azeri Village_
"Armenian Army attacked a strategic Azeri village...in Nagorno-Karabagh
 and burned it to the ground on Tuesday, Commonwealth television reported.
 Channel one television said the village of Malybeili, in the Khodzhalin
 district, was now cut off and a large number of wounded were left stranded.
 Itar-Tass news agency said several people were killed and 20 wounded in
 the attack on the village... Tass also said shells fired from Armenian
 villages into the Azeri populated town of Susha, just 6 miles south of
 Stepenakert, demolished two houses and damaged five others."
 _The Washington Times_ 3/3/92
_Massacre Reports Horrify Azerbaijan_
"Azeri officials who returned from the scene to this town about
 nine miles away brought back three dead children, the backs of
 their heads blown off...'Women and children had been scalped,'
 said Assad Faradzev, an aide to Karabagh's Azeri governor. Azeri
 television showed pictures of one truckload of bodies brought to
 the Azeri town of Agdam, some with their faces apparently scratched
 with knives or their eyes gouged out."
_The Washington Post_ 3/3/92
_Killings Rife in Nagorno-Karabagh_
"Journalists in the area reported seeing dozens of corpses, including
 some of the civilians, and Azerbaijani officials said Armenians began
 shooting at them when they sought to recover the bodies."
_The Times (London)_ 3/3/92
_Bodies Mark Site of Karabagh Massacre_
"A local truce was enforced to allow the Azerbaijanis to collect
 their dead and any refugees still hiding in the hills and forest.
 All are the bodies of ordinary people, dressed in the poor, ugly
 clorhing of workers...All the rest were civilians, including eight
 women and three small children. Two groups, apparently families,
 had fallen together, the children cradled in the women's arms.
 Several of them, including one small girl, had terrible head
 injuries: only her face was left. Survivors have told how they
 saw Armenians shooting them point blank as they lay on the ground."
 _The SUNDAY TIMES_ 8 March 1992
 Thomas Goltz, the first to report the massacre by Armenian soldiers,
 reports from Agdam.
 Khojaly used to be a barren Azeri town, with empty shops and treeless
 dirt roads. Yet it was still home to thousands of Azeri people who, in
 happier times, tended fields and flocks of geese. Last week it was wiped
 off the map.
 As sickening reports trickled in to the Azerbaijani border town of
 Agdam, and the bodies piled up in the morgues, there was little doubt
 that Khojaly and the stark foothills and gullies around it had been
 the site of the most terrible massacre since the Soviet Union broke
 apart.
 I was the last Westerner to visit Khojaly. That was in january and
 people were predicting their fate with grim resignation. Zumrut Ezoya,
 a mother of four on board the helicopter that ferried us into the
 town, called her community "sitting ducks, ready to get shot". She and
 her family were among the victims of the massacre by the Armenians on
 February 26.
 "The Armenians have taken all the outlying villages, one by one, and
 the government does nothing." Balakisi Sakikov, 55, a father of five,
 said. "Next they will drive us out or kill us all," said Dilbar, his
 wife. The couple, their three sons and three daughters were killed in
 the massacre, as were many other people I had spoken to.
 "It was close to the Armenian lines we knew we would have to cross.
 There was a road, and the first units of the column ran across then
 all hell broke loose. Bullets were raining down from all sides. we had
 just entered their trap."
 The azeri defenders picked off one by one. Survivors say that Armenian
 forces then began a pitiless slaughter, firing at anything moved in
 the gullies. A video taken by an Azeri cameraman, wailing and crying
 as he filmed body after body, showed a grizzly trail of death leading
 towards higher, forested ground where the villagers had sought refuge
 from the Armenians.
 "The Armenians just shot and shot and shot," said Omar Veyselov, lying
 in hospital in Agdam with sharapnel wounds. "I saw my wife and daughter
 fall right by me."
 People wandered through the hospital corridors looking for news of the
 loved ones. Some vented their fury on foreigners: " Where is my daughter,
 where is my son ?" wailed a mother. "Raped. Butchered. Lost."
_The Independent_ London, 12/6/92
_Painful Search_
The gruesome extent of February's killings of Azeris by Armenians
in the town  of Hojali is at last emerging  in Azerbaijan - about
600 men,  women and  children dead.
The State Prosecutor, Aydin Rasulov,  the cheif investigator of a
15-man  team  looking  into  what Azerbaijan  calls  the  "Hojali
Massacre", said  his figure of 600  people dead was a  minimum on
preliminary  findings.  A similar  estimate  was  given by  Elman
Memmedov, the mayor of Hojali. An  even higher one was printed in
the Baku newspaper  Ordu in May - 479 dead  people named and more
than 200 bodies reported unidentified.  This figure of nearly 700
dead is quoted as official by Leila Yunusova, the new spokeswoman
of the Azeri Ministry of Defence.
FranCois Zen  Ruffinen, head  of delegation of  the International
Red Cross  in Baku, said  the Muslim imam  of the nearby  city of
Agdam had reported a figure of  580 bodies received at his mosque
from  Hojali, most  of  them  civilians. "We  did  not count  the
bodies. But  the figure seems  reasonable. It is no  fantasy," Mr
Zen Ruffinen said. "We have some idea since we gave the body bags
and products to wash the dead."
Mr  Rasulov endeavours  to give  an unemotional  estimate of  the
number of  dead in the  massacre. "Don't  get worked up.  It will
take  several months  to  get a  final  figure," the  43-year-old
lawyer said at his small office.
Mr Rasulov  knows about these  things. It  took him two  years to
reach  a firm  conclusion that  131  people were  killed and  714
wounded  when  Soviet  troops  and tanks  crushed  a  nationalist
uprising in Baku in January 1990.
Officially, 184 people have so  far been certified as dead, being
the  number of  people that  could be  medically examined  by the
republic's forensic department. "This  is just a small percentage
of the dead," said Rafiq Youssifov, the republic's chief forensic
scientist. "They were the only bodies brought to us. Remember the
chaos and the fact that we are  Muslims and have to wash and bury
our dead within 24 hours."
Of these 184 people, 51 were women, and 13 were children under 14
years old.  Gunshots killed  151 people,  shrapnel killed  20 and
axes or  blunt instruments  killed 10.  Exposure in  the highland
snows killed the last three.  Thirty-three people showed signs of
deliberate mutilation, including ears,  noses, breasts or penises
cut off and  eyes gouged out, according  to Professor Youssifov's
report. Those 184 bodies examined were less than a third of those
believed to have been killed, Mr Rasulov said.
"There were too many bodies of  dead and wounded on the ground to
count properly: 470-500  in Hojali, 650-700 people  by the stream
and the road and 85-100  visible around Nakhchivanik village," Mr
Manafov  wrote in  a  statement countersigned  by the  helicopter
"People waved up  to us for help. We saw  three dead children and
one  two-year-old alive  by  one  dead woman.  The  live one  was
pulling at her arm for the mother to get up. We tried to land but
Armenians started a barrage against  our helicopter and we had to
There  has been  no consolidation  of  the lists  and figures  in
circulation because  of the political  upheavals of the  last few
months and the  fact that nobody knows exactly who  was in Hojali
at the time - many inhabitants were displaced from other villages
taken over by Armenian forces.
_The Independent_ London, 12/6/92
Photographs: Liu Heung / AP
             Frederique Lengaigne / Reuter
Aref  Sadikov sat  quietly  in the  shade of  a  cafe-bar on  the
Caspian Sea  esplanade of Baku and  showed a line of  stitches in
his trousers, torn  by an Armenian bullet as he  fled the town of
Hojali just over three months ago, writes Hugh Pope.
"I'm still  wearing the same  clothes, I don't have  any others,"
the  51-year-old carpenter  said,  beginning his  account of  the
Hojali disaster. "I was wounded in five places, but I am lucky to
be alive."
Mr Sadikov and  his wife were short of  food, without electricity
for more than a month, and cut off from helicopter flights for 12
days. They  sensed the  Armenian noose was tightening  around the
2,000 to  3,000 people left in  the straggling Azeri town  on the
edge of Karabakh.
"At about 11pm  a bombardment started such as we  had never heard
before,  eight  or  nine   kinds  of  weapons,  artillery,  heavy
machine-guns, the lot," Mr Sadikov said.
Soon neighbours were  pouring down the street  from the direction
of  the  attack. Some  huddled  in  shelters but  others  started
fleeing the town,  down a hill, through a stream  and through the
snow into a forest on the other side.
To escape, the  townspeople had to reach the Azeri  town of Agdam
about 15  miles away. They  thought they  were going to  make it,
until at  about dawn  they reached a  bottleneck between  the two
Azeri villages of Nakhchivanik and Saderak.
"None of my group was hurt up to then ... Then we were spotted by
a  car on  the road,  and the  Armenian outposts  started opening
fire," Mr Sadikov said. Mr Sadikov said only  10 people  from his
group of  80 made it  through, including his wife  and militiaman
son.  Seven  of  his  immediate  relations  died,  including  his
67-year-old elder brother.
"I only had time to reach down  and cover his face with his hat,"
he said, pulling his own big  flat Turkish cap over his eyes. "We
have never got any of the bodies back."
The first groups were lucky to have the benefit of covering fire.
One hero  of the  evacuation, Alif  Hajief, was  shot dead  as he
struggled to change  a magazine while covering  the third group's
crossing, Mr Sadikov said.
Another hero,  Elman Memmedov, the  mayor of Hojali, said  he and
several others  spent the whole day  of 26 February in  the bushy
hillside, surrounded by  dead bodies as they tried  to keep three
Armenian armoured personnel carriers at bay.
As the  survivors staggered the  last mile into Agdam,  there was
little comfort  in a town from  which most of the  population was
soon to flee.
"The night  after we reached  the town  there was a  big Armenian
rocket attack. Some people just  kept going," Mr Sadikov said. "I
had to  get to the  hospital for treatment. I  was in a  bad way.
They even found a bullet in my sock."
Victims of massacre: An Azeri woman mourns her son, killed in the
Hojali massacre in February  (left). Nurses struggle in primitive
conditions  (centre)  to  save  a  wounded  man  in  a  makeshift
operating  theatre set  up  in a  train carriage.  Grief-stricken
relatives in  the town of Agdam  (right) weep over the  coffin of
another of the massacre victims. Calculating the final death toll
has been  complicated because Muslims  bury their dead  within 24
Amnesty International
International Secretariat
1 Easton Street
London WC1X 8DJ
United Kingdom
22 APRIL 1994
ARMENIA - MUSLIM PRISONERS MURDERED IN "EXECUTION-TYPE SHOOTINGS"
Forensic evidence released this month suggests that six Azerbaydzhani
prisoners of war held in Armenia were victims of "execution-type
shootings", according to a forensic expert.
Following an announcement, in February, by the Armenian Foreign
Ministry that eight Azerbaydzhani prisoners had been shot while
attempting to escape, ten bodies were transferred from Armenia
to Azerbaydzhan in March. Professor Derrick Pounder, head of the
Department of Forensic Medicine at the University of Dundee,
United Kingdom, began post- mortem examinations on the bodies
at the beginning of April. The bodies had also undergone previous
examinations by both the Armenians and the Azeris.
He found that six of the men - Rustam Ramazan ogly Agev, Elehan Guseyn
ogly Akhmedov, Elman Mamed ogly Akhmedov, Kurchat Kiyaz ogly Mamedov,
Eldar Chakhbaba ogly Mamedov and Faig Gabil ogly Guliyev - had been
murdered by a single gunshot wound to the head.  He also found that
in three of the six cases the muzzle of the gun had been in contact
with the head at the time the shot was fired.  It was not possible
to determine the range at which the shot had been fired in the other
three cases owing to earlier removal of physical evidence.
Professor Pounder concluded that the pattern of gunshot wounds was
not consistent with allegations that the six men had been shot while
attempting to escape, and said that the common pattern of the wounds
was "strongly suggestive of execution-type shootings".
Amnesty International is urging the Armenian authorities to conduct
a prompt, impartial and thorough investigation into the deaths of
these six men, to make the findings public, and to bring to justice
any perpetrators of execution-style killings, within the bounds of
international law.
The human rights organization is also urging the Armenian authorities
to investigate the circumstances surrounding the deaths of the remaining
four men whose bodies were returned, in order to determine if criminal
proceedings are necessary in their cases also.
Professor Pounder found that one of these had wounds to the throat in
a pattern of injury consistent with suicide, one died of a single gunshot
wound to the chest, and in two instances the cause of death could not
be determined.
                   HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH  HELSINKI
                               Formerly
485 FIFTH AVENUE,NEW YORK,NY 10017-6104, TEL(212)972-8400,FAX(212)
1522 K  STREET,NW,H910,WASHINGTON,DC 20005-1202,TEL(202)371-6592,
FAX(202)371-0124,EMAIL,hrwatchdc  igc apc.org
90 BOROUGH HIGH STREET,LONDON UK SE1 ILL,TEL(71)378-8008,FAX (71)
378-8029,EMAIL:hrwatchuk  gn apc org
MOSCOW, RUSSIAN FEDERATION, TEL and FAX(7095)265-4448
                                             MARCH 2, 1994
       PRESIDENT LEVON TER-PETROSSIAN
       MARSHAL BAGRAMIAN PROSPECT,26
       375019 YEREVAN
       BY FAX:52-15-81
       DEAR PRESIDENT TER-PETROSSIAN,
HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH\HELSINKI (Formerly Helsinki Watch) is the
largest human rights organisation in the United States. We have
closely followed the Armenian massacre of the Azeri people in
Nagorno Karabakh, and have published two reports on violations
of the Geneva Conventions.
I am writing you to express our organisation's deep concern
about the deaths of Azerbaijani prisoners of war in Armenia.
According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, the
following men were shot to death in an Armenian detention camp
in Sritak in late January or early February:
     Rustam Ramazan-oglu Agaev,(birthdate unknown), from Masalin
     District
     Elman Mamed-oglu Akhmedov,b. 1961,from Yevlakh District
     Elshan Hussein-oglu Akhmedov,b.1974, from Saatlin District
     Bakhram AKIF-oglu Giiasov,b. 1972,from Siazan
     FAIG Gabil-oglu Guliev,b.1969,from Baku
     Enver Asker-oglu Jafarov,b.1972,from Sumgait
     Eldar Shahbaba-oglu Mamedov,b.1966,from Baku
     Girshad Kniaz-oglu Mamedov,b.1974 from Yevlakh
I thank you for your attention to this matter and look forward
to learning the results of the investigation.
                                                 Yours sincerely,
                                                   Jeri  Laber
                                                  Executive Director
_Newsweek_ November 29, 1993, p. 50
_For the past seven months Armenian troops and tanks have swept
 across Azerbaijan -- a land grab exceeded only by what the Serbs
 have accomplished in Bosnia in the past year...Last month they
 pushed south all the way to the Iranian border, driving more
 than 60,000 Azerbaijani civilians across the Araks river into
 Iran -- and looting and torching vacant villages in their wake._
Christopher Walker, _Armenia_ New York (St. Martin's Press), 1980.
This generally pro-Armenian work contains the following information
of direct relevance to the Nazi Holocaust:
1) Dro (the Butcher), the former dictator of ex-Russian/Soviet Armenia
and the architect of the Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslims in
Russian Armenia and Eastern Anatolia, the most respected of Nazi Armenian
leaders, established an Armenian Provisional Republic in Berlin during
World War II;
2) this _provisional government_ fully endorsed and espoused the social
theories of the Nazis, declared themselves and all Armenians to be members
of the Aryan _Super-Race_;
3) they published an Anti-Semitic, racist journal, thereby aligning
themselves with the Nazis and their efforts to exterminate the Jews;
4) they mobilized an Armenian Army of up to 30,000 members which fought
side by side with the Wehrmacht.
_San Francisco Chronicle_ (December 11, 1983)
                          (Editor's Mailbox - Section B)
_We have first hand information and evidence of Armenian
 atrocities against our people (Jews). Members of our family
 witnessed the murder of 148 members of our family near Erzurum,
 Turkey, by Armenian neighbors, bent on destroying anything and
 anybody remotely Jewish and/or Muslim...Armenians were in league
 with Hitler in the last war, on his premise to grant themselves
 government if, in return, the Armenians would help exterminate
 Jews. Armenians were also hearty proponents of the anti-Semitic
 acts in league with the Russian Communists._
Signed Elihu Ben Levi, Vacaville, California.
The Armenian publication in Germany, Hairenik (an official mouthpiece
for the ex-Soviet Armenian Government), carried statements as follows:[*]
_Sometimes it is difficult to eradicate these poisonous elements [the
 Jews] when they have struck deep root like a chronic disease, and when
 it becomes necessary for a people [the Nazis] to eradicate them in an
 uncommon method, these attempts are regarded as revolutionary. During
 the surgical operation, the flow of blood is a natural thing._[**]
[*]  James G. Mandalian, _Dro, Drastamat Kanayan,_ in the 'Armenian
     Review,' a Quarterly by the Hairenik Association, Inc., Summer:
     June 1957, Vol. X, No. 2-38.
[**] Quoted by James Mandalian: _Who Are The Dashnags?_ Boston,
     Hairenik Press, 1944, pp. 13-4.
_These European Armenians, with headquarters in Berlin, appealed
 to, and bargained with Hitler's emissaries for an 'independent'
 Armenian state. That they had to bootlick Nazi masters goes without
 saying. That, as potential officials of a puppet Nazi state, they
 would have assumed the infamous roles of the Paveliches, Antonescus,
 Lavals, Tisos or Vidkun Quislings was also a foregone conclusion.
 Once committed to it, there was no alternative to the price for
 'independence' except subservience to Hitler._[*]
[*]  Arthur Derounian under the pseudonym 'John Roy Carlson,'
    _Armenian Affairs_ a Quarterly Journal of Armenian Studies,
     Winter 1949-50, p. 18.
  'After all, who remembers today the extermination of the Tartars?'
         (Adolf Hitler, August 22, 1939: Ruth W. Rosenbaum)
         _The Muslim Holocaust - Musluman Soykirimi_ p. 213.
        _Thursday, August 2, 1984 issue of 'Armenian Reporter'_
In fact, by 1942, Nazi Armenians in Europe had established a vast
network of pro-German collaborators, that extended over two continents.
Thousands of Armenians were serving the German army and Waffen-SS in
Russia and Western Europe. Armenians were also involved in espionage and
fifth-column activities for Hitler in the Balkans and Arabian Peninsula.
They were promised an 'independent' state under German 'protection' in
an agreement signed by the 'Armenian National Council.' (A copy of
this agreement can be found in the 'Congressional Record,' November 1,
1945; see Document 1.) On this side of the Atlantic, Nazi Armenians
were aware of their brethrens alliance. They had often expressed
pro-Nazi sentiments until America entered the war.
In 1941, while the Jews were being assembled for their doom in the
Nazi concentration camps, the Nazi Armenians in Germany formed the
first Armenian battalion to fight alongside the Nazis. In 1943, this
battalion had grown into eight battalions of 30,000-strong under the
command of Dro (the butcher), who was the former dictator of x-Soviet/
Russian Armenia and the architect of the cold-blooded genocide of 2.5
million Muslim people between 1914-1920. An Armenian National Council
was formed by the notorious Dashnak Party leaders in Berlin, which was
recognized by the Nazis. Encouraged by this, the Armenians summarily
formed a provisional government that endorsed and espoused fully the
principles of the Nazis and declared themselves as the members of the
Aryan super race and full participants to Hitler's policy of extermination
of the Jews.
This Armenian-Nazi conspiracy against the Jews during WWII was an
"encore" performance staged by the Armenians during WWI when they
exterminated 2.5 million Muslim and Jewish people.
As early as 1934, K. S. Papazian asserted in _Patriotism Perverted_ that
the Armenians
        _lean toward Fascism and Hitlerism._[1]
At that time, he could not have foreseen that the Armenians would
actively assume a pro-German stance and even collaborate in World
War II. His book was dealing with the Armenian genocide of 2.5 million
Muslim and Jewish people in Eastern Anatolia and Russian Armenia.
However, extreme rightwing ideological tendencies could be observed
within the Soviet Armenian Government long before the outbreak of the
Second World War.
In 1936, for example, O. Zarmooni of the _Tzeghagrons_ was quoted
in the _Hairenik Weekly_ (an official mouthpiece for the ex-Soviet
Armenian Government):
_The race is force: it is treasure. If we follow history we shall
 see that races, due to their innate force, have created the nations
 and these have been secure only insofar as they have reverted to
 the race after becoming a nation. Today Germany and Italy are
 strong because as nations they live and breath in terms of race.
 On the other hand, Russia is comparatively weak because she is
 bereft of social sanctities._[2]
[1] K. S. Papazian, _Patriotism Perverted_ (Boston, Baikar Press
    1934), Preface.
[2] _Hairenik Weekly_ Friday, April 10, 1936, 'The Race is our
    Refuge' by O. Zarmooni.
The Armenian fascism traditionally employed extreme means for the
sake of Armenian cause, including massacres and genocide. In World
War I, Russian Armenian Government annihilated the entire Muslim
population of Russian Armenia and exterminated millions of Muslim
and Sephardic Jews in Eastern Anatolia. While having collaborated
with the Nazis against Stalin during the Second World War, Nazi
Armenians changed their policy after Hitler's defeat. They now
backed Stalin's claims on Eastern Turkish provinces, hoping that
these would be annexed to Soviet Armenia and their Muslim population
would be exterminated again. Stalin played on Armenian national
sentiments to enlist the support of Armenians in the USSR and
America for his imperial ambitions.[1] Stalin's ultimatum to the
Turkish government led Truman to formulate his famous Doctrine.
[1] Walter Kolarz, _Religion in the Soviet Union_ (London, Macmillan &
    Co Ltd; New York, St Martin's Press 1961), pp. 160-164.
Nazi Germany had shown interest in nationalities, as a tool to
dismember the Russian empire, back in World War I. In the time
between the two World Wars, expelled leaders of Soviet nationalities
were lobbying the capitals of European powers to gain support for
their respective causes. Already in 1936, the SS Headquarters
(Reichssicherheitshauptamt) had created bureaus (Vertrauensstellen)
to contact emigrants and oversee their activities. The Vertrauensstellen
for the Caucasus was led by the Armenian Deirajr Froundjian and the
Georgian Lado Achmeteli.[1]
Shortly after the occupation of Warsaw and Paris, the German Abwehr
(Secret Service) assumed ties with exiled leaders of diverse Soviet
nationalities, among them Russian Armenian Government officials.[2]
One of the leaders of the ex-Soviet Armenian Government, the aforementioned
General Dro (the butcher), who was the chief architect of the Armenian
genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people in Russian Armenia and Eastern
Anatolia between 1914-1920. An Armenian National Council was formed
by the notorious (Drastamat Kanajan) began working relationship with
the Nazis around that time.
[1] Patrick von zur Muhlen (Muehlen), _Zwischen Hakenkreuz und
    Sowjetstern_ (Droste Verlag Duesseldorf 1971), p. 37.
[2] Ibid., p. 84.
In April 1942, Hitler was preparing for the invasion of the
Caucasus. A number of Nazi Armenian leaders began submitting
plans to German officials in spring and summer 1942. One of
them was Souren Begzadian Paikhar, son of a former ambassador
of the Armenian Republic in Baku. Paikhar wrote a letter to
Hitler, asking for German support to his Armenian national
socialist movement Hossank and suggesting the creation of an
Armenian SS formation in order
_to educate the youth of liberated Armenia according to the
 spirit of the Nazi ideas._
He wanted to unite the Armenians of the already occupied territories
of the USSR in his movement and with them conquer historic Muslim
homeland. Paikhar was confined to serving the Nazis in Goebbels
Propaganda ministry as a speaker for Armenian- and French-language
radio broadcastings.[1] The Armenian-language broadcastings were
produced by yet another Nazi Armenian Viguen Chanth.[2]
[1] Patrick von zur Muhlen (Muehlen), p. 106.
[2] Enno Meyer, A. J. Berkian, _Zwischen Rhein und Arax, 900
    Jahre Deutsch-Armenische beziehungen_ (Heinz Holzberg
    Verlag-Oldenburg 1988), pp. 124 and 129.
A genocide is a deliberate and organized massacre of people
in an attempt to exterminate a race. This is the worst crime
in history. It happened to the Muslims in Russian Armenia and
Eastern Anatolia. 2.5 million Muslims were killed by Armenians
in the worst ways imaginable. It is sickening to think that
the human race is capable of such actions, but there is no
denying the fact that the Armenian genocide of 2.5 million
Muslims happened.
Furthermore, the establishment of Armenian units in the German
army was favored by General Dro (the Butcher), the architect
of the Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people. He played
an important role in the establishment of the Nzi Armenian _legions_
without assuming any official position. His views were represented
by his men in the respective organs. An interesting meeting took
place between Dro and Reichsfuehrer-SS Heinrich Himmler toward the
end of 1942.  Dro discussed matters of collaboration with Himmler
and after a long conversation, asked if he could visit POW camp
close to Berlin. Himmler provided Dro with his private car.[1]
A minor problem was that some of the Soviet nationals were not
_Aryans_ but _subhumans_ according to the official Nazi philosophy.
As such, they were subject to German racism. However, Armenians
were the least threatened and indeed most privileged. In August
1933, Armenians had been recognized as Aryans by the Bureau of
Racial Investigation in the Ministry for Domestic Affairs.
[1] Meyer, Berkian, ibid., pp. 112-113.
Altogether 30,000 Nazi Armenians served in various units in
the German Wehrmacht, according to Ara J. Berkian. 14,000
in predominantly Armenian army units, 6,000 in German army
units, 8,000 in various working units and 2,000 in the
A number of these Nazi Armenians were volunteers from France and
Greece who had chosen to commit themselves to the extermination
of the European Jewry. Derounian says that
_Nazi Armenians from France bore the mark 'Legion Armenienne.'_[2]
That Nazi Armenians like Dro 'the Butcher', Armenian architect
of the genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people, and Nezhdeh sided
with the Germans probably had an impact on the decision of
Armenians who overwhelmingly opted for armed service.
[1] Enno Meyer, A. J. Berkian, _Zwischen Rhein und Arax, 900
    Jahre Deutsch-Armenische beziehungen_ (Heinz Holzberg
    Verlag-Oldenburg 1988), pp. 118/119.
[2] John Roy Carlson (Arthur Derounian), ibid., p. 19.
In fall 1942, the Armenian infantry battalions 808 and 809 were formed,
to be followed by battalions 810, 812 and 813 in spring 1943. In the
second half of 1943 infantry battalions 814, 815 and 816 were created.
These battalions together with other indigenous Caucasian units were
attached to the infantry division 162. Also attached to ID 162 were
the field battalions II/9, I/125 and I/198 which were formed between
May 1942 and May 1943. Altogether twelve Armenian battalions served
the Nazi army, if battalion II/73, which was not employed at any time,
is to be included.[1] Most battalions were commanded by Nazi Armenian
officers. Armenians wore German uniforms with an armband in the Dashnag
colours red-blue-orange and the inscription _Armenien._
[1] Joachim Hoffmann, _Dies Ostlegionen 1941-1943, Turkotataren,
    Kaukasier und Wolgafinned im deutschen Heer_ (Verlag Rombach
    Freiburg 1976), p. 172.
The Armenian SS unit was formed following a directive of Himmler in
the beginning of December 1944.[1] The Armenian Liaison Staff actively
recruited volunteers[2] and by February 1945 a cavalry formation of
twenty thousand Armenians was integrated into the larger Caucasian
Waffen-SS unit. The Armenian SS formation was employed last in
Klagenfurt.[3] In addition to this exclusively Armenian unit, Nazi
Armenians also served in the thirty eight other SS divisions, one
of them even in the elite _Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler._[4]
[1] Meyer, Berkian, ibid., pp. 136-137.
[2] United States National Archives, T-175, Roll 167,
    pp 2700157/2700158, SS-Headquarters, Amtsgruppe D - Oststelle,
    see _Documents 3 and 4._
[3] Georg Tessin, _Verbaende und Truppen der deutschen Wehrmacht und
    Waffen-SS im zweiten Weltkrieg 1939-1945,_ (Frankfurt am Main
    1965-1980), Volume 14, Armenian Legion/Waffen SS.
[4] Meyer, Berkian, ibid., p. 119.
Derounian says that
_Greece was honeycombed with Armenians serving as Nazi spies._[1]
Many Nazi Armenians were arrested by the British and sentenced by
the Greek government as collaborators in espionage.[2] In Rumania
many Nazi Armenians were found in Antonescu's Iron Guard during
arrest of members after the war. Bulgaria was the operational base
of Tzeghagrons-founder Garagin Nezhdeh, who commanded a network of
espionage from there.
[1] John Roy Carlson (Arthur Derounian), ibid., p. 20.
[2] Meyer, Berkian, ibid., p. 150.
In Russia General Dro (the Butcher), the architect of the Muslim
Holocaust in ex-Soviet/Russian Armenia and Eastern Anatolia, was
working closely with the German Secret Service. He entered the war
zone with his own men and acquired important intelligence about the
Soviets. His experience with the Muslim Holocaust in ex-Soviet/Russian
Armenia and Eastern Anatolia made him an invaluable source for the
[1] Meyer, Berkian, ibid., p. 113; Patrick von zur Muehlen,
    ibid., p. 84.
Numerous articles in major newspapers (London Times) and periodicals
(Newsweek) during the war, had suggested the existence of a significant
collaboration between Armenians and the Nazis. Arthur Derounian deserves
credit for being the first person to deal with this issue extensively.
Derounian's motives were twofold: his deeply held democratic convictions
gave him a sense of duty and he felt obliged to shed light on this yet
another dark chapter of Armenian history. Concurrently, Derounian embarked
on what one would call _crisis control_ or face-saving. In order to
forestall any potential attacks on the larger Armenian community in
the United States, he marginalized collaboration as deplorable but
[1] John Roy Carlson (real name Arthur Derounian), _The Plotters_
    E. P. Dutton & Company, Inc., New York 1946, p. 182.
Also, it is not surprising that the Armenians collaborated with the Nazis.
_Wholly opportunistic the Armenians have been variously pro-Nazi,
 pro-Russia, pro-Soviet Armenia, pro-Arab, pro-Jewish, as well as
 anti-Jewish, anti-Zionist, anti-Communist, and anti-Soviet - whichever
 was expedient._[1]
[1] John Roy Carlson (Arthur Derounian), _Cairo to Damascus_
    Alfred A. Knopf, New York, 1951, p. 438.

@_date: 1996-10-21 08:21:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May 
Timmy May and SternFUB get along _fabulously.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 11:36:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
Correction: I don't claim to be the divine being of cryptology.
I think to talk about cryptography to the San Francisco Gay and Lesbian
Cypherpunks is to throw beads before the swine.
Timmy May is an ignorant liar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 16:39:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
You have to beg. You have to grovel. You have to prove yourselves
worthy of the honor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 16:42:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
American Banker: Friday, October 18, 1996
Internet Tops Bankers' List Of Leading-Edge Technologies
By DREW CLARK
A year ago, when the first U.S. bank was launched giving customers account
access through the Internet, nearly half of all banks in a survey said they
had no plans to follow its lead.
They have since changed their minds. The Internet is high on bankers'
emerging-technology priority lists, according to the 1996 American Banker
technology survey.
"The Internet is a medium that no banker can ignore," said Mary Donadoni, an
analyst with Payment Systems Inc., the Tampa-based research firm that
conducted the survey. To ignore it "is like saying you are not going to put a
branch on Main Street."
Over the past year, the number of U.S. banks, thrifts, and credit unions on
the Internet's World Wide Web has grown from 132 to more than 1,000, according
to James Bruene, editor of the Online Banking Report newsletter.
"Banks are making decisions now," said William A. Soward, director of
application marketing for Edify Corp. in Santa Clara, Calif. "Twelve months
ago, they were kicking tires and trying to understand what the issues were."
The American Banker/PSI survey showed one-third of the top 300 banks view
Internet-related issues as the most critical they face - second only to the
35% who cited nonbank competition.
Though only 10% of the top 300 U.S. banks offer Internet access to customers,
92% plan to by 1998.
Community banks are expressing slightly more reluctance about the medium. Some
8% now offer Internet access, and half said they plan to do so within two
years. They placed the Internet second on their list of concerns, behind
general technology and software issues.
"We're seeing more and more banks jumping on the bandwagon and saying,
'I need to do this,'" Mr. Soward said. "There is an emerging perception that a
lot of the security issues have been addressed, but I'm not sure that's gotten
out to the consumers."
The bankers' thoughts about interactive services are being translated into
action, with much of the emphasis on home banking via personal computer.
Many of the higher-profile moves by big banks -- such as Citibank's slashing
of fees for on-line customers, which caused subscribership to soar -- were
complemented by community banking initiatives. In its first five months
American Banker: Friday, October 18, 1996
Declining Costs Lead to an Explosion In On-Line Corporate Banking Services
By STEVEN MARJANOVIC
The increasingly competitive nature of business banking puts a premium on
technology to improve customer satisfaction, boost revenues, and keep costs
down. And that has brought an explosion in personal computers for connecting
banks with their business clients.
The American Banker technology survey indicated that 63% of the top 300 banks
offer businesses access to their banking information via personal computers.
Well over 90% plan to offer the information services by 1998, typically
including account balances, statements, and electronic funds transfers.
What's more, on-line corporate banking -- the equivalent of home banking for
wholesale customers -- is getting easier and cheaper for more small banks and
George Hart, president of Harbinger Corp., an Atlanta-based supplier of cash
management software packages, said he has seen a marked increase in his
business this year.
About 25 banks are resellers of Harbinger's systems, including BankAmerica
Corp., Barnett Banks Inc., and smaller customers, such as United American Bank
of Memphis and Stillwater Bank and Trust Co., Stillwater, Okla.
"These types of services . . . are not expensive any more" Mr. Hart said.
"It's not a big deal to offer them."
Also hot in the corporate realm, according to the survey, is financial
electronic data interchange, or the exchange of payments and related
documentation in standard computer formats.
More than 40% of the top 300 banks plan to offer financial electronic data
interchange by 1998.
"We expect a lot of growth among companies in financial electronic data
interchange in the next three years," said Maria Erickson, director of
corporate services at Payment Systems Inc., which conducted the survey.
The economics become especially favorable, she added, if "you consider the
development of Internet-based financial EDI services."
Among a new breed of cash management services, integrated payable and
receivable services have garnered a lot of corporate attention lately,
especially among larger and middle-market companies.
Integrated payables are quickly growing in popularity from major banking
companies like Chase Manhattan Corp. and Wachovia Corp. The service
American Banker: Friday, October 18, 1996
A Second Bank Is Launched into Cyberspace
By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM
Almost a year to the day after the first Internet-based bank opened its
virtual doors, the second such entity -- Atlanta Internet Bank -- has begun
taking deposits.
The new bank, a part of Carolina First Corp., is hoping to skim customers off
the Internet by offering an eye-catching 7% interest rate on money market
The founders say they are trying to prove the viability of the Internet as a
banking channel and to show that the low overhead associated with doing
business electronically can be passed on to customers.
In the last year and a half, several well-established banks have opened
"branches" on the Internet, enabling customers to pay bills, apply for loans,
and manipulate accounts on-line.
The services have proven popular, and both BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo &
Co. say the number of customers migrating to the remote channel has "exceeded
expectations," although neither will divulge precise figures.
And last Oct. 18, a Kentucky banker named James S. "Chip" Mahan took the idea
to an extreme, establishing with great fanfare the Security First Network
Bank, in which customers transact business exclusively on-line and over the
telephone. The bank has since been spun off from its community bank parent,
Cardinal Bancshares, moved its physical operation to Atlanta, attracted more
than 4,000 customers, and amassed $15 million in assets.
Across town from Mr. Mahan, an Atlanta entrepreneur named T. Stephen Johnson
decided to put together a rival institution. Beginning early this year, he
hired a skeleton executive staff and secured an investment from Carolina
First, a $1.5 billion-asset bank based in Greenville, S.C. Then he forged a
partnership with AT&T and, this Tuesday, the bank went live on the
telecommunications giant's on-line service. Plans call for a full product line
by yearend.
"The reason we're so late in getting open is that we started watching to see
how this thing was unfolding," Mr. Johnson said. "It seemed you had to start
with Internet users and try to make bank customers out of them."
Today, the Atlanta Internet Bank exists as a "product" of Carolina First, said
Mack Whittle, the South Carolina bank's chief executive. But the term is
mostly semantic.
"Our plans are to roll it out as a separate, stand-alone financial institution
sometime in the next 12 months," he said.
Mr. Johnson said he has formed a corporate shell that is prepared to buy all
the new bank's accounts from Carolina First. "We wanted to go ahead and get in
business so we're doing it as a subsidiary, but we have a company that has a
right to buy all the accounts for a dollar," he said.
Mr. Whittle anticipates the Internet bank will raise private equity capital or
issue an initial public offering next year. Carolina First will own 40% of the
new entity, he said.
Mr. Whittle predicted the drift of customers to cyberspace would happen
"faster than most of us want it to," and said banks needed to learn quickly
how to deliver banking services electronically.
"It's about 70% cheaper to deliver it through the Internet than through
traditional means," he said. "Plus, the next generation of consumers is going
to demand it."
If Silicon Valley was the first to put Internet banking on the national map,
then Atlanta seems to have become the second pushpin.
Atlanta has "more PCs per capita and more Internet users per capita than
anywhere else in the South," Mr. Whittle said.
Even so, Mr. Whittle said, the Internet bank is reaching for a national
customer base, competing "very definitely" with Security First.
"We're trying to market this not to our customers as much as to Internet
users," he said. "It's a much easier sell for us to market to people who are
already accustomed to using the Internet."
Mr. Johnson takes a slightly different view.
"I hope they don't think we're competitors, because we don't think they're
competitors," Mr. Johnson said of Security First. "I think we both have a lot
of hard work ahead of us to get the public to use this as a means by which
they conduct financial business.
"We won't compete with Wells Fargo or any of the other people involved" in the
Internet banking arena, he said. "We all have a job to do, which is ultimately
to help all the banks get their overhead structure in line with other
Michael McChesney, an officer of both Security First and a subsidiary, Five
Paces Inc., said the officers across town at the competing bank were "friends
of mine," and wished them luck. "I'd like to see anyone who gets on the
Internet doing banking succeed," Mr. McChesney said. "Our belief is that every
bank will be on the Internet in five years."
That said, Mr. McChesney also predicted the two banks would "compete
head-to-head for some Atlanta Internet customers" and that it would be a
"gentlemanly competition."
Despite the mutual kind words, some hard feelings may linger: the Atlanta
Internet Bank had originally agreed to use software supplied by Five Paces,
then changed its mind and chose a system from Edify Corp. instead.
The Atlanta Internet Bank tested its site with 60 to 70 people - mostly
Carolina First and AT&T employees - and drew 150 newcomers in its first few
days, said Donald Shapleigh, whose title is president of the Atlanta Internet
The bank's Web site -- at  -- is spare, with far simpler
graphics than those of Security First and other banks in the virtual world.
"This is not Disney -- it's a bank," Mr. Shapleigh explained. "We want
convenience, speed, and access. We want people to feel like we're a bank, to
know that it's FDIC insured, but also to know that it's different because
we're a virtual bank.
"We don't have any branches and we're not interested in running a fleet of
branches. We want people who are savvy with computers."
For the first six weeks, the new service will be accessible only through
AT&T's WorldNet. WorldNet, which charges a flat rate for unlimited Internet
access, has 425,000 subscribers.
The on-line service is giving the Atlanta Internet Bank a free advertising
"banner" on its home page, placing subscribers a mouse-click away from the
bank. The banner will remain in place at least until the bank receives two
million "hits," or visits.
Mr. Johnson said his goal is to have 20,000 accounts after a year - or one for
each 100 hits. "Even credit card solicitations run about one percent," said
Mr. Johnson, who will be? the new bank's chairman.
Such a success rate would run counter to the experience of Security First
Network Bank, which has run banners on America Online and elsewhere. The
advertisements generated heavy traffic but relatively few accounts.
Beginning Dec.1, the Atlanta Internet Bank's products will be available to
anyone on the World Wide Web of the Internet.
The whopping 7% interest rate -- which applies only to a short-term money
market account -- will end at that time.
Future rates will be "very aggressive," said Ched Hoover, director of
marketing for the Atlanta Internet Bank. He said the highest money market rate
he had seen other banks offer was 5.5%, which his bank would beat.
Other initial offerings include interest-bearing checking accounts, direct
deposit, electronic bill payment, account transfer capability, and ATM cards.
Loan products and brokerage will be added by yearend, Mr. Johnson said.
The nascent bank has four officers and eight customer service representatives.
Mr. Shapleigh, the president, is a 20-year veteran of retail and corporate
banking who has worked at SunTrust Banks Inc. of Atlanta.
The tie-in with Atlanta Internet Bank is just the latest of several
quasi-experimental technology initiatives that Carolina First has begun
recently. The bank has installed 17 loan kiosks in shopping malls, and is
preparing to place others in automobile dealerships. It is also investing in
supermarket branches.
"Like most banks, we see the delivery system changing," Mr. Whittle said.
"We have tried to be as innovative as we can in seeking lesser expensive ways
of delivering the product, in ways that the customer of the future is going to
News Release (IBM): Tuesday, October 15, 1996
Smart Card Pilot To Be Initiated By American Express And IBM
Smart card to be used for "ticketless travel" on American Airlines
American Express Co. and IBM today announced plans to pilot a system which
will enable business travelers to move more quickly through airports by using
the world's first multi-purpose corporate "smart card."
By early December, the two companies will begin testing an American Express(R)
Corporate Card using IBM smart card technology for use with airlines'
electronic ticketing capability, often referred to as "ticketless travel."
Initially, these smart cards will be tested with American Airlines' enhanced
gate readers, which are now installed in 21 U.S. airports.
For travelers, this process eliminates the hassle of carrying a paper boarding
pass, enabling them to proceed directly to the gate after showing
identification at the airport. At the gate, the traveler inserts the smart
card into the gate reader, receives confirmation of seat assignment, and is
ready to board the plane.
In the pilot, American Express will issue fully-functional Corporate Cards,
featuring IBM's multi-function smart card (MFC) technology, to a select group
of employees at both companies.
The companies made the announcement at the International Air Transport
Association (IATA) Passenger Services Conference in Los Angeles. At the
conference, IATA delegates are expected to vote on a proposed resolution
establishing airline industry specifications for the use of smart cards.
Travel Industry Milestones
This product represents the first multi-purpose corporate card with a computer
chip, the first commercial smart card application by American Express, and the
first travel industry implementation of IBM's MFC technology. In this initial
application, the smart card will verify the electronic reservation and confirm
traveler identification in greater detail and with more reliability than
existing cards.
"This is an important first step in developing smart cards that allow business
travelers to 'do more,'" said Ed Gilligan, president of American Express
Corporate Services. "Smart cards will also allow travel suppliers to
streamline the check-in process and to enhance customer reward programs. At
American Express, our plan is to lead the way in developing smart cards that
provide customers with additional value, convenience and security as part of
an increasingly automated process from on-line booking to electronic expense
"The travel industry is well-poised to take advantage of smart card and other
innovative technologies," said Jerry Cole, general manager of IBM's Worldwide
Travel and Transportation Industry Solutions Unit. "This application is
another prime example of IBM working with its customers to apply powerful
technologies in integrated solutions that translate into significant business
American Airlines' AAccess system, which was launched in September, offers
passengers the option of automated check-in at the top 21 domestic airports,
which account for about 70 percent of the airlines' passenger boardings. The
enhanced gate readers, in addition to reading normal magnetic-stripe boarding
passes, will read charge cards and smart cards to issue boarding and seat
Smart Card Innovators
American Express, which along with IBM and American Airlines, is a member of
the Smart Card Forum, is developing a number of smart card applications to
provide customers with enhanced convenience and value. In travel, American
Express will pursue multi-function applications that will speed travelers past
check-in points at airports, hotels and car rental agencies.
"Our vision for smart card product development is to provide customers with an
array of innovative products that can store and capture monetary value and
information, extend payment options and perform a variety of non-financial
tasks," said David Boyles, senior vice president and head of the Smart Card
Center of Excellence at American Express. "This pilot with IBM demonstrates
American Express' commitment to assume a leadership role in shaping global
standards for smart cards to ensure a level playing field and to speed
development of new applications in a variety of industries."
At the IATA conference, IBM will demonstrate to the association's airline
members how the next generation of smart cards can enhance the entire
ticketless travel process -- from reservation to boarding. The steps in the
process include:

@_date: 1996-10-21 16:43:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
NPR's Morning Edition: Monday, October 14, 1996
'Smart Cards' Becoming Next Generation of Debit Cards
BOB EDWARDS, Host: This is Morning Edition; I'm Bob Edwards.
The next generation of plastic money is ready, with banks and credit card
issuers preparing to introduce smart cards to consumers. Smart cards use new
technology to take debit and credit cards a step further, and could replace
many of the transactions that still utilize cash.
However, Ancel Martinez of member station KQED in San Francisco, reports that
smart cards are not catching on quickly.
ANCEL MARTINEZ, Reporter: You may not have noticed it but smart cards have
been around for some time, mostly on a trial basis in various cities. VISA
tried to make them popular during the Summer Olympic Games in Atlanta. Vendors
and merchants accepted the cards, which contain a computer chip instead of the
magnetic strip. Smart cards replace the need of cash at places, from fast-food
joints to service stations.
Tom Sack [sp] at the Veri-Phone Company [sp], oversaw the installation of
hundreds of smart card terminals in Atlanta. TOM SACK, Veri-Phone Company:
What we were interested in doing was raising consumer awareness of an
alternate payment type, so what we're doing with stored value cards in general
is to move some of the coin and bank note traffic into an automated form.
ANCEL MARTINEZ: Smart cards keep track of individual bank balances, actually
storing money on their microprocessors. They're faster to use than ordinary
credit or debit cards. Sack says smart cards are better than regular cards,
which must be constantly checked for authenticity and credit limit.
TOM SACK: We're able to set up a session between the card and the terminal,
where you really have two computers talking to each other, and what they can
do is they can exchange secrets to prove each other's identity, for example.
So what this allows us to do is to actually conduct the transaction without
making the telephone call, so that we can do a transaction very inexpensively
because we have more processing power in the card itself.
ANCEL MARTINEZ: Designers and manufacturers hope to have as broad of
application as possible for smart cards. State agencies are considering the
use of smart cards for commuters to pay turnpike tolls, and as a way for
people on welfare to receive government assistance. Another target is the
booming cellular phone industry. Telecommunication companies suffer tens of
millions of dollars in losses from rampant theft, but if customers' phones use
smart cards, so key information is not embedded in the telephone itself, the
chance of fraud is greatly reduced, since the phone won't work unless the
owner inserts a smart card.
But the card's value as a security device as come under question. Belcor
Laboratories [sp] in New Jersey recently announced cryptologists discovered
hidden problems on the smart cards, which have been advertised as
tamper-proof. Bill Barr [sp] with Belcor says researchers discovered two
BILL BARR, Belcor Laboratories: One, we've discovered how to manipulate a
piece of computing technology and force it to make an error; and second, we've
discovered that if it does make that error, then we can, by using our
sophisticated mathematics, figure out how to extract the key out of the
computing device, the secret.
ANCEL MARTINEZ: If a sophisticated criminal can make a copy of a legitimate
card, or if smart cards can be manipulated around the notoriously feeble
security systems of the Internet, the technology may not be any good. Some
experts, however, say there's no reason for panic. They say the Belcor study
will not slow the eventual nationwide acceptance of smart cards.
According to analyst Karen Apple [sp] at Forester Research [sp] in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, banks remain steadfast in the belief that smart cards can, and
will, reduce fraud.
KAREN APPLE, Analyst, Forester Research: The credit card industry suffers from
about a billion dollars in fraud every year as it is. I don't think it can get
much worse than that. Smart cards do provide a greater level of security than
the systems that are in place today.
ANCEL MARTINEZ: Smart cards may be a good way for banks, credit card companies
and merchants, to cut costs and save money, but smart cards are not in high
demand with the people who matter most, consumers. Again, Karen Apple-
KAREN APPLE: You have sort of a chicken-and-the-egg problem where nobody wants
to be the first to make a move. Consumers don't want to embrace smart cards
until they're accepted more widely, and merchants don't want to foot the bill
to make smart cards more widely available, or more widely accepted.
ANCEL MARTINEZ: Facing such a dilemma, retail groups, banks, financial service
companies, have formed a coalition to negotiate new technical protocols for
smart cards, as well as a means to finance the new technology. Called Smart
Card Forum, it's a who's who list of American business. Citibank,
Hewlett-Packard, American Express and Motorola are but a few, and there's a
Microsoft representative. Software companies are keen on smart cards because
they forecast that the electronic cash will set a new standard for commerce on
the Internet
For National Public Radio, I'm Ancel Martinez in San Francisco.
Associated Press: Tuesday, October 15, 1996
Online Banking: Cutting Edge or Over The Edge?
By PATRICIA LAMIELL
A future television commercial, brought to you by your bank:
Dawn creeps through the windows of a house. Logging onto his personal
computer, a young executive instructs his bank to pay bills, checks on his
investments and completes an online car loan application.
His wife calls. Away on a business trip, she has just transferred cash, via a
laptop computer, from the family's savings to their checking account.
His son charges in, late for school and bellowing about lunch money. Dad grabs
the boy's smart card - a plastic credit card look-alike embedded with a
computer chip - and swipes it through a card reader in his PC to download
electronic cash from his bank account onto the card.
Banks hope this scenario becomes reality in the not-too-distant future.
They're betting that online innovations will transform the way consumers
complete most financial transactions, from buying a cup of coffee to investing
for retirement.
About 200, or 1 percent, of financial institutions in North America currently
offer online banking, but because most large banks offer it, it is available
to 60 percent of consumer banking customers, said Jim Bruene, editor of the
OnLine Banking Report, an industry newsletter based in Seattle.
If the industry has its way, every household will be banking soon from a home
computer. "We see the numbers of online banking customers exploding from prior
years," enthuses Michael Papantoniou, vice president for electronic commerce
at Chase Manhattan Corp.
But it's not certain that consumers will take to the new technology in enough
numbers to justify the expense to banks. Dana Massie, an online client of
Wells Fargo Bank, is director of technical research for Creative Technology
Ltd., a multi-media company, and is probably as computer-savvy as banking
customers come.
But, Massie said, "I don't have a lot of patience for complicated stuff at
home. When computers are as reliable and easy to use as televisions, then they
will take off, because they're a lot more fun. But computers have to stop
crashing, they have to turn on instantly - and computers are loud."
Financial companies believe online banking will lower transaction costs and
give them an edge over competitors. They've taken studies showing that
customers like online banking because it saves them time, and that it appeals
to merchants because it saves on billing and processing costs.
But the notion of winging theoretical money through cyberspace still sends
many consumers into a panic. And it prompts questions about security and
privacy. Many people still want to handle cash and speak face-to-face with
their bankers.
A closer look at online banking:
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Online banking actually has been around for years. "It may be one of those
overnight success stories that took 15 years to develop," quips Bob Schettino,
a spokesman for Intuit Corp., which makes the Quicken home finance software.
The huge growth in consumer purchases of PCs over the past decade has fed the
expansion of online banking. By 1995, more than 30 million households in the
United States had home computers. More than a third used some type of personal
finance software.
Intuit and other software makers figured out how users of their home finance
software could communicate via PC and modem with their banks. And the Internet
became vastly more popular and more secure, leading to the creation in October
1995 of Security First Network Bank, the first Internet-only bank.
Meanwhile, significant innovations in the smart card made it possible to carry
electronic cash and perform financial transactions from a computer or
telephone. The smart card - even more than the magnetic stripe card, which
made automatic teller machines and debit cards possible - turned on its ear
the notion that banking customers must visit a bank.
Financial institutions began using online banking to attract and keep
customers. PC owners, who as a group are young, well educated and affluent,
are prize customers indeed.
A few large banks, including Chase Manhattan Corp., Citibank, Bank of America
and Wells Fargo, developed or acquired online banking systems. Other financial
firms formed alliances with technology companies - Visa International has
teamed with Microsoft Corp., while 15 banks formed a consortium with IBM.
But online banking is still nascent. Of the 10 million households that use
Intuit software products, only about 350,000 or 3.5 percent, have signed up
for online banking, Intuit said. The American Bankers Association said about 1
percent of transactions in 1995 were completed online.
ONLINE BANKING AND YOU
What does this trend mean for the banking customer? Online banking shortens
the amount of time consumers spends on finances, and allows them to work on
them any time of the day or night. No more racing to the bank Friday afternoon
to deposit a paycheck - Chase said 40 percent of its online banking is done on
the weekend.
Some consumers have been leery of doing banking or other personal business on
the Internet, which works like a huge electronic party line, for fear someone
could steal private information. But developers of online banking technology
say new scrambling and encryption techniques have made Internet transactions
Indeed, researchers are concentrating on new applications that allow banking
and commerce directly on the Internet, as well as through online service
providers like America Online and CompuServe. They say online commerce is
safer than giving a credit card number out over the telephone.
A big stumbling block to the growth of online banking is that most vendors
such as department stores and utilities don't accept electronic payments.
Right now, this is a chicken-and-egg problem for banks - vendors are reluctant
to invest in technology that their customers won't use. Consumers are leery of
investing in technology that vendors don't accept. John Dickinson, a
self-professed computer geek and freelance magazine editor, has been doing
online banking for 12 years and pays 95 percent of his personal and business
bills that way. But he still gets into scrapes with vendors.
He said he can't get his phone company, for example, to consolidate the eight
paper bills that it sends each month for different accounts at his San
Francisco home and office.
And Pacific Gas & Electric Corp. was taking two weeks to process his payments,
and then started dunning him for being late. Three months ago, he "got really
bored with calling them up all the time, so I just threw up my hands" and got
the utility company to automatically debit his checking account each month.
WHY THE BANKS WANT IT
Financial institutions are in a life-or-death race with technology and
telecommunications companies to provide home banking services.
Electric utilities, telephone and cable companies already have lines into
homes that can transmit financial information and are trying to develop new
services. If customers can transfer money and get loans via a technology or
communications company that already has lines into their homes, why would they
need a bank?
So banks must reassert control of the banking business, or cede it to
non-financial companies. But regaining control is tricky indeed. Banks have
invested billions of dollars in technology - such as machines to read magnetic
stripes on cards - which is fast becoming obsolete. They have also built, at
tremendous expense, a lavish branch system that, while shrinking, is expensive
to maintain.
Banks have to make good on these investments before they charge into new
technologies that may themselves be quickly obsolete. They also must stay
innovative enough to keep their increasingly computer-adventurous customers.
The task is somewhat like catching a moving bus.
"By the time people get literate with PCs," said Frank Woosley, director of
financial services consulting for Deloitte & Touche in Dallas, "the smart
banks are going to take the stuff that would normally be done on a PC and
eliminate it altogether," like drafting checks, reconciling statements and
moving money between accounts.
If they are to continue to be the place where people deposit and borrow money,
banks must devise cost-effective ways to turn the new technology into programs
customers and merchants will use.
That is a tall order, even for banking powerhouses. "But if we're not doing
that," Woosley said, "we're not going to be in business much longer."
Reuters: Tuesday, October 15, 1996
Deutsche Bank Gears Up For Virtual Shopping Test
By Catherine O'Mahony
FRANKFURT-- German shoppers weary of the long queues and curt service that
typify the High Street here may soon have a more relaxing option -- virtual
shopping courtesy of the biggest bank.
Deutsche Bank AG is gearing up to test "Ecash" -- a system based around
electronic "coins" which allow the user to buy goods and services over the
Internet -- in just the third initiative of its kind worldwide.
"Cyber money" is being hyped by computer boffins as the cash of the 21st
century, although the initiators of Deutsche Bank's project are somewhat
sceptical of the hype.
"You can't expect people to change their habits overnight. This will start
with the technology freaks who go along with everything," Christof Blum, head
of Deutsche Bank's technological developments team, told Reuters.
But Blum is confident that specific services, especially media-related
products such as newspapers, magazine articles and other information, can sell
well on the Net.
Eventually, he said, "This will be pretty big."
Blum and his team are working on a six-month pilot programme expected to start
by January 1997, giving a selected group of Germans their first taste of a
virtual shopping spree, albeit with a limited choice of products.
Some 1,000 bank customers and a group of around 30 service providers, mainly
publishers, will take part.
Using software supplied by the bank, and developed by the specialist Dutch
firm Digicash NV, customers will be able to ask Deutsche Bank via their PC to
transfer funds from their regular bank account into an interim "Ecash" deposit
The required amount of "electronic coins" -- denominated in deutsche marks --
can then be stored on the customer's PC hard disk, where they will be
displayed in the form of a purse icon. Payment is simple: Internet users will
be able to call up prices on screen for goods on offer and transfer the right
amount of Ecash to the vendor by clicking on the purse icon.
With even credit card acceptance still strikingly limited here, the day
Germans switch on their PCs instead of their car engines for their weekly
shopping trip is some way off. But Deutsche Bank says it wants to be ahead of
the game when it arrives.
Established in the late 19th century, the bank has been defying its stuffy
image of late by making strong efforts to modernise its products, especially
in retail banking.
Part of its modern face is a six-month old "communications centre" at its main
office for technological developments in suburban Frankfurt -- an open-plan
space where staff can surf the Internet and test out prototype equipment.
Blum, whose team is one of several at Deutsche Bank working on a variety of
innovative products, says it will decide whether or not to proceed fully with
the Net cash project on the basis of its six-month test.
If so, the bank would join a tiny group of financial institutions involved
with cybermoney -- the world pioneer is Mark Twain Bank of the U.S., which
introduced digital dollars last year. Finland's Merita Bank is also running a
Deutsche Bank says it is aware of the reservations many hold about the
security of Internet cash but Blum says the Ecash software is completely
As in a regular ATM withdrawal, customers have to identify themselves to the
bank to get access to the electronic cash and the "coins" are issued with code
numbers similar to the serial numbers on regular banknotes.
Nonetheless, Deutsche Bank has involved the Bundesbank in its discussions on
the Internet project from the start.
The guardian of Germany's famously solid deutsche mark is keeping a watchful
eye on cashless payments in general amid concern that electronic commerce
could be open to abuse and that virtual money could eventually disturb world
cash flows.
The bank has also been flooded with queries on its Internet cash plans from as
far away as Japan.
Its rivals on the home market, several of whom have set up banking services on
the Internet in recent months, are also taking a keen interest, but none have
yet taken the plunge with their own initiative.
American Banker: Thursday, October 17, 1996
Amex Testing Its First Smart Card, with American Airlines
By VALERIE BLOCK
American Express Co. will join the smart card parade with a test of electronic
ticketing for American Airlines passengers.
After standing on the sidelines while the banking industry announced pilots
around the globe and the bank card associations created an industry standard,
the charge card giant is finally entering the ring.
Using technology developed by IBM Corp., the program lets passengers insert a
corporate charge card with a computer chip into a reader at American Airlines
departure gates. They would receive a boarding pass, without presenting a
paper ticket.
The chip will contain the passenger's identification and frequent-flier
number, which will be matched with ticketing information in American Airlines'
data base. The cards, with magnetic stripes, will also function as corporate
cards that may be used at any location that accepts American Express.
Most major airlines, including Continental, Delta, Northwest, and United, are
testing electronic ticketing. Lufthansa, which has such a smart card program
in Europe, may be the only carrier with one in place.
Initially the pilot program will be modest, with just "hundreds" of corporate
charge cards combining magnetic stripes with chips being issued to American
Express and IBM employees. But the plans are ambitious.
Bill Hohle, smart card technology leader, described American Express' venture
as "the first step to a comprehensive multiapplication travel and
entertainment product."
He envisions that cardholders could book travel, purchase airline tickets,
expedite car rentals and hotel check-in, and electronically insert travel
information into an expense report for reconciliation.
The pilot is to begin by mid-December at 21 U.S. airports, including ones in
New York, Los Angeles, Dallas/Fort Worth, and Chicago. American Express
provides corporate cards for IBM in the United States.
Mr. Hohle said American Express also intends to test an electronic purse
application for smaller purchases.
Rumors have it that American Express will purchase Proton, a stored value
smart card program designed by Banksys of Belgium. But Mr. Hohle said it's
"too early to discuss" those plans. Proton is in its pilot phase in several
countries in Europe.
It might seem odd that American Airlines is American Express' new partner,
given that American Express issues the cobranded Delta Sky Miles Optima Card,
while Citicorp issues the American AAdvantage card. But the charge card firm
gained a technological break from the deal.
American Airlines recently introduced a ticketless travel program, called
AAccess, that uses magnetic stripe cards. To accommodate the program, the
airline installed enhanced gate readers that can also read chip cards.
Piggybacking on that technology, American Express will avoid the costs of
installing and wiring card readers. It will also alleviate the onerous job of
persuading merchants to accept the cards.
Visa and its bank partners were forced to do that for the Visa Cash
experiment, introduced in Atlanta during the Summer Olympics. Other bank smart
card tests, such as the MasterCard program in Canberra, Australia, have been
stymied by merchant resistance.
"I see it as big win" for American Express, said James Accomando, a Fairfield
Conn.-based consultant. "Now it gets a relationship with a dominant carrier in
the U.S. that it didn't have before."
Jerome Svigals, a card industry consultant in Redwood City, Calif., called the
move a "willingness of American Express to explore new partnerships." He noted
that all the card organizations are searching for "the best way to move
forward" with smart cards.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 17:34:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
Yes. Timmy May is a fat turkey.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 17:36:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in the genocide of 2,500,000 Turks, Kurds, and Sephardic Jews 
Don't interfere with possible stego transmissions, Ray.
And I move to vote to legalize same-sex marriage. My good friend and colleague,
the world-famous historian Serdar Argic, has cited these additional references
concerning Ray Arachelian's criminal dandruff-covered grandparents:
 _Mitteilungsblatt_ Berlin, December 1939, Nr. 2 and 5-6
 Yet another historical fact: a fact that for years has been deliberately
 forgotten, concealed, and wiped from memory - the fact of Armenian-Nazi
 collaboration.
 A magazine called Mitteilungsblatt der Deutsch-Armenischen Gesselschaft
 is the clearest and most definite proof of this collaboration. The
 magazine was first published in Berlin in 1938 during Nazi rule of
 Germany and continued publication until the end of 1944. Even the
 name of the magazine, which implies a declaration of Armenian-Nazi
 cooperation, is attention-getting.
 This magazine, every issue of which proves the collaboration, is
 historically important as documentary evidence. It is a heap of
 writing that should be an admonition to world opinion and to all
 mankind.
 In Nazi Germany, Armenians were considered to be an Aryan race and
 certain political, economic, and social rights were thus granted to
 them. They occupied positions in public service and were partners in
 Nazi practices. The whole world of course knows what awaited those
 who were not considered _Aryan_ and what befell them.
The Tzeghagrons (Armenian Racial Patriots -- Nazi Armenians) was the
youth organization of the Armenians. It was based in Boston (where
Muslim/Jewish Holocaust apologists of SDPA/Armenian Church are located)
but had followers in Armenian colonies all over the world. Literally
Tzeghagron means _to make a religion of one's race._ The architect
of the Armenian Racial Patriots was Garegin Nezhdeh, a Nazi Armenian
who became a key leader of collaboration with Hitler in World War II.
In 1933, he had been invited to the United States by the Central
Committee of the Armenians to inspire and organize the American-Armenian
youth. Nezhdeh succeeded in unifying many local Armenian youth groups
in the Tzeghagrons. Starting with 20 chapters in the initial year, the
Tzeghagrons grew to 60 chapters and became the largest and most powerful
Nazi Armenian organization. Nezhdeh also provided the Tzeghagrons with
a philosophy:
 _The Racial Religious beliefs in his racial blood as a deity.
  Race above everything and before everything. Race comes first._[1]
[1] Quoted in John Roy Carlson (real name Arthur Derounian),
    _Armenian Affairs_ Winter, 1949-50, p. 19, footnote.
The Armenians were deeply anti-semitic as well. In the May 10,
1936 edition of _Hairenik Weekly_ (an official mouthpiece for
the ex-Soviet Armenian Government) the vice-mayor of Bucharest,
Rumania is quoted as saying:
_The Armenians helped us not to become the slaves of the Jewish
 elements in our country._
_And the type of Jew who is imported to Palestine...is not anything
 to be proud about. Their loose morals, and other vices were
 unknown to the Arabs prior to Balfour Declaration, on top of
 all communist activities were the cause of most of the Arab
 criticism._[1]
[1] Captain George Haig, _The Case of Palestine_ in Hairenik
    Weekly, Friday, September 25, 1936.
As amply admitted by the ex-Soviet Armenian Government,
the Armenians were also fascist. Before Pearl Harbor,
the Dashnak daily _Hairenik_ [an official mouthpiece
for the ex-Soviet Armenian Government] (not to be confused
with the Tzeghagrons _Hairenik Weekly_) expressed pro-Nazi
_And came Adolf Hitler, after herculean struggles. He spoke
 to the racial heart strings of the German, opened the
 fountain of his national genius, strock down the spirit
 of defeatism...At no period since the World War had Berlin
 conducted so realistic, well organized, and planned policy
 as now, since Hitler's assumption to power...And whatever
 others may think concerning Hitlerism and Fascism as a
 system of Government, it is proved that they have revitalized
 and regenerated the two states, Germany and Italy._[1]
[1] _Hairenik_ official organ of the Dashnaktsuitune, Sept.
    17, 1936; quoted in John Roy Carlson (see endnote 1), p. 21.
  During World War II, while the Turkish Government was giving
  asylum to many Jews fleeing from Hitler's tyranny, anti-Semitism
  engulfed the Armenian circles in the Nazi-occupied territories.
  A publication of the Armenian Information Service in New York,
  entitled Dashnak Collaboration With The Nazi Regime, purports
  to show that Armenian sympathies with racism had reached dangerous
  proportions. The following quotation from the Armenian daily
  Hairenik of 19, 20 and 21 August 1936 exposes something much
  more than prejudice and bigotry:
   _Jews being the most fanatical nationalists and race-worshippers...
    are compelled to create an atmosphere..of internationalism and
    world citizenship in order to preserve their race...As the
    British use battleships to occupy lands..Jews use internationalism
    or communism as a weapon..Sometimes it is difficult to eradicate
    these poisonous elements when they have struck deep root like
    a chronic disease. And when it becomes necessary for a people
    to eradicate them...these attempts are regarded revolutionary.
    During a surgical operation, the flow of blood is a natural
    thing...Under such conditions, dictatorships seem to have a role
    of saviour [1]._
  [1] Quoted by James Mandalian: _Who are the Dashnags?_ Boston,
      Hairenik Press, 1944, pp. 13-4.
  In May 1935 the Armenians of Bucharest attacked the Jews of that
  city, while the Greeks of Salonika attacked the Jews in the August
  of the same year. During World War II, Armenian volunteers, under
  the wings of Hitler's Germany, were used in rounding up Jews and
  other ''undesirables'' destined for the Nazi concentration camps.
  The Armenians also published a German-language magazine, with fascist
  and anti-Semitic tendencies, supporting Nazi doctrines directed to
  the extermination of 'inferior' races [1].
  This is confirmed by Armenophil Christopher J. Walker, who admits
  that the Armenians collaborated with the Nazis. According to him,
  members of the Dashnak Party, then living in the occupied areas,
  including a number of prominent persons, entertained pro-Axis
  sympathies. A report in an American magazine went so far as to
  claim that the Nazis had picked on the Dashnaktsutiun to do fifth-
  column work, promising the party an autonomous state for its
  cooperation. Walker goes on to claim that relations between the
  Nazis and the Dashnaks living in the occupied areas were close and
  active. On 30 December 1941 an Armenian battalion was formed by a
  decision of the Army Command (Wehrmacht), known as the 'Armenian
  812th Battalion'. It was commanded by Dro, and was made up of a
  small number of committed recruits, and a larger number of Armenians.
  Early on, the total number of recruits was 8,000; this number later
  grew to 30,000. The 812th Battalion was operational in Crimea and
  the North Caucasus.(These are the dates and numbers given by Walker[3].)
  A year later, on 15 December 1942, an Armenian National Council
  was granted official recognition by Alfred Rosenberg, the German
  Minister of the occupied areas. The Council's president was
  Professor Ardashes Abeghian, its vice-president Abraham Giulkhandanian,
  and it numbered among its members Nzhdeh and Vahan Papazian. From that
  date until the end of 1944 it published a weekly journal, Armenien,
  edited by Viken Shant (the son of Levon), who also broadcast on Radio
  Berlin. The whole idea was to prove to the Germans that the Armenians
  were 'Aryans'. With the aid of Dr. Paul Rohrbach they seemed to have
  achieved this as the Nazis did not persecute the Armenians in the
  occupied lands [2].
  [1] Turkkaya Ataov: _Armenian Extermination of the Jews and Muslims_
      1984, p. 91.
  [2] C.J. Walker: _Armenia_ London, 1980, pp. 356-8.
  _Emperor Romanus I Lecapenus, in about 935, again ordered the
  forcible conversion of all the Jews of Byzantium, leading to the
  murder of hundreds of Jews and the desecration of many synagogues
  throughout the empire. All the while Jews came under increasingly
  savage attack by Byzantine popular preachers and writers as well as
  by officials trying to stir the populace in support of the Crusading
  knights coming from the West to wrest the Holy Land from the "infidel
  Muslims". As a result, Emperor Andronicus I Comnenus (1183-85) again
  attempted to convert the Jews to Christianity, though by persuasion
  and argument rather than force. When Crusaders passed through
  Constantinople on their way to the Holy Land, they invariably were
  assigned to camp next to the Jewish quarters, particularly that
  adjacent to the Galata Tower, and usually spent most of their spare
  time attacking and killing Jews and stealing their properties. At the
  same time they stirred local populace to similar activities. It was
  at this time, also, that Constantinople's Armenians joined the Greeks
  in attacking Judaism for the first time. [1]_
  [1] Yvonne Friedman, 'Antijudischen Polemik des 12 jahrhunderts',
      Kairos XXVI/1-2 (1984), 80-88.
  ''Blood libel accusations were made against Jews by Ottoman Christian
  subjects starting in the sixteenth century, most frequently in the
  Arab provinces, first at Jerusalem in 1546. The most famous Christian
  assault on Ottoman Jews in medieval times came in the central Anatolian
  town of Amasya some time between 1530 and 1540, when a blood-libel
  accusation against local Jews was spread by local Armenians who said
  that an Armenian woman had seen Jews slaughter a young Armenian boy
  and use his blood at the feast of Passover. Several days of rioting
  and pillaging and attacks on Jews followed...Later, however, the
  Armenian boy who supposedly had been murdered was found and the
  Ottoman governor punished the Armenian accusers, though nothing could
  be done about the Jews who had suffered.''[1]
  ''There were literally thousands of incidents in subsequent years,
  invariably resulting from accusations spread among Greeks and Armenians
  by word of mouth, or published in their newspapers, often by Christian
  financiers and merchants who were anxious to get the Jews out of the
  way, resulting in isolated and mob attacks on Jews, and burning of
  their shops and homes [2]. The attacks were brutal and without mercy.
  Women, children, and aged Jewish men were frequently attacked, beaten
  and often killed.''[3]
  [1] Stanford J. Shaw, ''Christian Anti-Semitism in the Ottoman Empire'',
      Belleten C. LIV, 68, p.1103 (1991).
  [2] Abraham Ben-Yakob (Jerusalem), ''The Immigration of Iraki Jews
      to the Holy Land in the 19th Century'', paper delivered to the
      First International Congress for the Study of Sephardic and
      Oriental Judaism, 27 June 1978.
  [3] Stanford J. Shaw, ''Christian Anti-Semitism in the Ottoman Empire'',
      Belleten C. LIV, 68, p.1129 (1991)
  By Andrew Sackser:
  Throughout history the children of  Israel have suffered at hands
  of  others. A  people set  apart  from their  neighbors by  their
  faith, countless. Jews have often had  to pay for this faith with
  their lives.  There was,  however, one haven  where Jews  did not
  suffer  the large-scale  persecution characterizing  their entire
  existence. This  haven was  Turkey. For  over five  hundred years
  Jews  have flourished  there,  enjoying relatively  uninterrupted
  freedom and  safety that has  only been rivaled in  America. This
  year marks  the quincentennial anniversary of  the ingathering of
  Jews to  Turkey, and highlights  one of the brighter  chapters in
  Jewish history.
  ...
  Source: HIRHURIM - The Jewish Magazine of Brendeis University
  (Massachusetts). Vol. 1, No: 2, Spring 1992

@_date: 1996-10-21 20:20:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: OTP 
Where do these idiots come from and why do they end up on this mailing list?
Please post your "mathematical proof" and explain what you mean by
a "brute force attack on a one time pad".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 21:30:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray "GAK" Arachelian's role in the murder of 2,500,000 Turks, Kurds, and Sephardic Jews 
Nonsense. Timmy, Sandy, and a few other jerks on this mailing list are
obsessed with my alleged Cossack (???) ethnicity. The massacres perpetrated
by the grandparents and cousins of the censorous flamer, who actually
distributes a "filtered" version of the mailing list - with responses to his
flames edited out, is more on-topic than anything Timmy May has ever posted.
And I move to vote Timmy May off the list for lying, forging quotes,
posting flame bait and personal attacks, and generally being a jerk.
P.S. My good friend and colleague, the world-famous historian Dr. Serdar
Argic, has cited this additional information about Ray's grandparents:
 _Mitteilungsblatt_ Berlin, December 1939, Nr. 2 and 5-6
 Yet another historical fact: a fact that for years has been deliberately
 forgotten, concealed, and wiped from memory - the fact of Armenian-Nazi
 collaboration.
 A magazine called Mitteilungsblatt der Deutsch-Armenischen Gesselschaft
 is the clearest and most definite proof of this collaboration. The
 magazine was first published in Berlin in 1938 during Nazi rule of
 Germany and continued publication until the end of 1944. Even the
 name of the magazine, which implies a declaration of Armenian-Nazi
 cooperation, is attention-getting.
 This magazine, every issue of which proves the collaboration, is
 historically important as documentary evidence. It is a heap of
 writing that should be an admonition to world opinion and to all
 mankind.
 In Nazi Germany, Armenians were considered to be an Aryan race and
 certain political, economic, and social rights were thus granted to
 them. They occupied positions in public service and were partners in
 Nazi practices. The whole world of course knows what awaited those
 who were not considered _Aryan_ and what befell them.
The Tzeghagrons (Armenian Racial Patriots -- Nazi Armenians) was the
youth organization of the Armenians. It was based in Boston (where
Muslim/Jewish Holocaust apologists of SDPA/Armenian Church are located)
but had followers in Armenian colonies all over the world. Literally
Tzeghagron means _to make a religion of one's race._ The architect
of the Armenian Racial Patriots was Garegin Nezhdeh, a Nazi Armenian
who became a key leader of collaboration with Hitler in World War II.
In 1933, he had been invited to the United States by the Central
Committee of the Armenians to inspire and organize the American-Armenian
youth. Nezhdeh succeeded in unifying many local Armenian youth groups
in the Tzeghagrons. Starting with 20 chapters in the initial year, the
Tzeghagrons grew to 60 chapters and became the largest and most powerful
Nazi Armenian organization. Nezhdeh also provided the Tzeghagrons with
a philosophy:
 _The Racial Religious beliefs in his racial blood as a deity.
  Race above everything and before everything. Race comes first._[1]
[1] Quoted in John Roy Carlson (real name Arthur Derounian),
    _Armenian Affairs_ Winter, 1949-50, p. 19, footnote.
The Armenians were deeply anti-semitic as well. In the May 10,
1936 edition of _Hairenik Weekly_ (an official mouthpiece for
the ex-Soviet Armenian Government) the vice-mayor of Bucharest,
Rumania is quoted as saying:
_The Armenians helped us not to become the slaves of the Jewish
 elements in our country._
_And the type of Jew who is imported to Palestine...is not anything
 to be proud about. Their loose morals, and other vices were
 unknown to the Arabs prior to Balfour Declaration, on top of
 all communist activities were the cause of most of the Arab
 criticism._[1]
[1] Captain George Haig, _The Case of Palestine_ in Hairenik
    Weekly, Friday, September 25, 1936.
As amply admitted by the ex-Soviet Armenian Government,
the Armenians were also fascist. Before Pearl Harbor,
the Dashnak daily _Hairenik_ [an official mouthpiece
for the ex-Soviet Armenian Government] (not to be confused
with the Tzeghagrons _Hairenik Weekly_) expressed pro-Nazi
_And came Adolf Hitler, after herculean struggles. He spoke
 to the racial heart strings of the German, opened the
 fountain of his national genius, strock down the spirit
 of defeatism...At no period since the World War had Berlin
 conducted so realistic, well organized, and planned policy
 as now, since Hitler's assumption to power...And whatever
 others may think concerning Hitlerism and Fascism as a
 system of Government, it is proved that they have revitalized
 and regenerated the two states, Germany and Italy._[1]
[1] _Hairenik_ official organ of the Dashnaktsuitune, Sept.
    17, 1936; quoted in John Roy Carlson (see endnote 1), p. 21.
  During World War II, while the Turkish Government was giving
  asylum to many Jews fleeing from Hitler's tyranny, anti-Semitism
  engulfed the Armenian circles in the Nazi-occupied territories.
  A publication of the Armenian Information Service in New York,
  entitled Dashnak Collaboration With The Nazi Regime, purports
  to show that Armenian sympathies with racism had reached dangerous
  proportions. The following quotation from the Armenian daily
  Hairenik of 19, 20 and 21 August 1936 exposes something much
  more than prejudice and bigotry:
   _Jews being the most fanatical nationalists and race-worshippers...
    are compelled to create an atmosphere..of internationalism and
    world citizenship in order to preserve their race...As the
    British use battleships to occupy lands..Jews use internationalism
    or communism as a weapon..Sometimes it is difficult to eradicate
    these poisonous elements when they have struck deep root like
    a chronic disease. And when it becomes necessary for a people
    to eradicate them...these attempts are regarded revolutionary.
    During a surgical operation, the flow of blood is a natural
    thing...Under such conditions, dictatorships seem to have a role
    of saviour [1]._
  [1] Quoted by James Mandalian: _Who are the Dashnags?_ Boston,
      Hairenik Press, 1944, pp. 13-4.
  In May 1935 the Armenians of Bucharest attacked the Jews of that
  city, while the Greeks of Salonika attacked the Jews in the August
  of the same year. During World War II, Armenian volunteers, under
  the wings of Hitler's Germany, were used in rounding up Jews and
  other ''undesirables'' destined for the Nazi concentration camps.
  The Armenians also published a German-language magazine, with fascist
  and anti-Semitic tendencies, supporting Nazi doctrines directed to
  the extermination of 'inferior' races [1].
  This is confirmed by Armenophil Christopher J. Walker, who admits
  that the Armenians collaborated with the Nazis. According to him,
  members of the Dashnak Party, then living in the occupied areas,
  including a number of prominent persons, entertained pro-Axis
  sympathies. A report in an American magazine went so far as to
  claim that the Nazis had picked on the Dashnaktsutiun to do fifth-
  column work, promising the party an autonomous state for its
  cooperation. Walker goes on to claim that relations between the
  Nazis and the Dashnaks living in the occupied areas were close and
  active. On 30 December 1941 an Armenian battalion was formed by a
  decision of the Army Command (Wehrmacht), known as the 'Armenian
  812th Battalion'. It was commanded by Dro, and was made up of a
  small number of committed recruits, and a larger number of Armenians.
  Early on, the total number of recruits was 8,000; this number later
  grew to 30,000. The 812th Battalion was operational in Crimea and
  the North Caucasus.(These are the dates and numbers given by Walker[3].)
  A year later, on 15 December 1942, an Armenian National Council
  was granted official recognition by Alfred Rosenberg, the German
  Minister of the occupied areas. The Council's president was
  Professor Ardashes Abeghian, its vice-president Abraham Giulkhandanian,
  and it numbered among its members Nzhdeh and Vahan Papazian. From that
  date until the end of 1944 it published a weekly journal, Armenien,
  edited by Viken Shant (the son of Levon), who also broadcast on Radio
  Berlin. The whole idea was to prove to the Germans that the Armenians
  were 'Aryans'. With the aid of Dr. Paul Rohrbach they seemed to have
  achieved this as the Nazis did not persecute the Armenians in the
  occupied lands [2].
  [1] Turkkaya Ataov: _Armenian Extermination of the Jews and Muslims_
      1984, p. 91.
  [2] C.J. Walker: _Armenia_ London, 1980, pp. 356-8.
  _Emperor Romanus I Lecapenus, in about 935, again ordered the
  forcible conversion of all the Jews of Byzantium, leading to the
  murder of hundreds of Jews and the desecration of many synagogues
  throughout the empire. All the while Jews came under increasingly
  savage attack by Byzantine popular preachers and writers as well as
  by officials trying to stir the populace in support of the Crusading
  knights coming from the West to wrest the Holy Land from the "infidel
  Muslims". As a result, Emperor Andronicus I Comnenus (1183-85) again
  attempted to convert the Jews to Christianity, though by persuasion
  and argument rather than force. When Crusaders passed through
  Constantinople on their way to the Holy Land, they invariably were
  assigned to camp next to the Jewish quarters, particularly that
  adjacent to the Galata Tower, and usually spent most of their spare
  time attacking and killing Jews and stealing their properties. At the
  same time they stirred local populace to similar activities. It was
  at this time, also, that Constantinople's Armenians joined the Greeks
  in attacking Judaism for the first time. [1]_
  [1] Yvonne Friedman, 'Antijudischen Polemik des 12 jahrhunderts',
      Kairos XXVI/1-2 (1984), 80-88.
  ''Blood libel accusations were made against Jews by Ottoman Christian
  subjects starting in the sixteenth century, most frequently in the
  Arab provinces, first at Jerusalem in 1546. The most famous Christian
  assault on Ottoman Jews in medieval times came in the central Anatolian
  town of Amasya some time between 1530 and 1540, when a blood-libel
  accusation against local Jews was spread by local Armenians who said
  that an Armenian woman had seen Jews slaughter a young Armenian boy
  and use his blood at the feast of Passover. Several days of rioting
  and pillaging and attacks on Jews followed...Later, however, the
  Armenian boy who supposedly had been murdered was found and the
  Ottoman governor punished the Armenian accusers, though nothing could
  be done about the Jews who had suffered.''[1]
  ''There were literally thousands of incidents in subsequent years,
  invariably resulting from accusations spread among Greeks and Armenians
  by word of mouth, or published in their newspapers, often by Christian
  financiers and merchants who were anxious to get the Jews out of the
  way, resulting in isolated and mob attacks on Jews, and burning of
  their shops and homes [2]. The attacks were brutal and without mercy.
  Women, children, and aged Jewish men were frequently attacked, beaten
  and often killed.''[3]
  [1] Stanford J. Shaw, ''Christian Anti-Semitism in the Ottoman Empire'',
      Belleten C. LIV, 68, p.1103 (1991).
  [2] Abraham Ben-Yakob (Jerusalem), ''The Immigration of Iraki Jews
      to the Holy Land in the 19th Century'', paper delivered to the
      First International Congress for the Study of Sephardic and
      Oriental Judaism, 27 June 1978.
  [3] Stanford J. Shaw, ''Christian Anti-Semitism in the Ottoman Empire'',
      Belleten C. LIV, 68, p.1129 (1991)
  By Andrew Sackser:
  Throughout history the children of  Israel have suffered at hands
  of  others. A  people set  apart  from their  neighbors by  their
  faith, countless. Jews have often had  to pay for this faith with
  their lives.  There was,  however, one haven  where Jews  did not
  suffer  the large-scale  persecution characterizing  their entire
  existence. This  haven was  Turkey. For  over five  hundred years
  Jews  have flourished  there,  enjoying relatively  uninterrupted
  freedom and  safety that has  only been rivaled in  America. This
  year marks  the quincentennial anniversary of  the ingathering of
  Jews to  Turkey, and highlights  one of the brighter  chapters in
  Jewish history.
  ...
  Source: HIRHURIM - The Jewish Magazine of Brendeis University
  (Massachusetts). Vol. 1, No: 2, Spring 1992

@_date: 1996-10-21 21:40:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
Tsk tsk. You're not begging. You're not groveling. How do you plan
to convince me that you're worthy?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-21 21:40:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Chinese internal internet 
A typical ignorant U.S. attitude towards Cuba... I received e-mail from Cuba
over the Internet back in 1989.  They're not afraid of it.  The U.S. is.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-22 06:01:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May is a jerk 
Timmy May continues to post nonsensical praises in his name using
an anonymous remailer....
Timmy May is an ignorant coward. He's got nothing better to do,
so he starts up flame wars on this mailing list. He can't contribute
anything crypto-relevant because he knows nothing about cryptography.
This is a lie. Anyone who's been subscribed to this mailing list for
a while knows that Timmy May posts to most personal attacks (inlcuiding
attacks on his many enemies' religion and ethnicity), lies, fabricated
quotes, flame bait, and overall noise.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-22 13:21:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
You yourself doubt that you are worthy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-22 19:41:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Tim May's off-topic noise and personal attacks 
You "recall" wrong. There were about a dozen flames posted by Tim May
over the summer, attacking me for no apparent reason and attributing to
me various nonsense I never said. I replied to Tim off-list saying that
I never said anything resembling the stuff he ascribed to me, and that
if he has a problem with something he thinks I said in another forum, he
should address it in that forum, not cp. He never replied to me, but
kept on flaming me. I never responded to Tim's flames until I became
aware in September that he's been contacting various people not on the
c-punks list to complain about what I supposedly post to this list -
again, attributing to me nonsense I never said, not on this list, nor
Your false "recollection" is based on a couple of lies Tim May posted to
this list: one claiming that he posted one "satire" and one claiming
that he disagreed with me over von Mises. To see that Tim lied (and that
you repeated his lies) just search the list archives and count the
number of times he viciously attacked me on this mailing list before I
So far, I'm not convinced that this trip would be productive. I'll be
happy to discuss my work and cryptogrpahy in general and social
implication thereof with anyone. However it seems that Sandy et al
aren't capable of discussing any subject without flaming and gratuitous
Fitting description of Tim May. Tim and his "supporters" have posted
dozens of flames to this mailing list about Russians, Cossacks (what do
I have to do with Cossacks???), Jews, etc, in a (failed) effort to
offend me. Search the archives for "Russian" and you'll see slurs like
"Don't tell our Russian what a petard is" or "Rude even by Russian
standards" not to mention a dozen claims that I can't speak English.
Tim May reminds me of one very stupid woman on Usenet who decided for
some reason that I must be Lithuanian and posted several diatribes on
how my supposed inbred Lithuanian heritage is somehow connected to my
genetic deficiencies. Tim May, flaming the Cossacks in an effort to
offend me, is as stupid and ignorant as most Americans.
On the other hand, Ray Arachelian is a typical product of the hate-
filled Armenian culture. Folks fortunate enough not to know many
Armenians don't realize that their self-identification is built upon the
hatred for Moslems, hatred for Jews, for their Georgian neighbors, and
generally everyone. Ray spouting off about "amoeba shit" sounds like a
typical hate-crazed Armenian, despite being in California.
Tim May posts more flame bait to this mailing list than anyone, mostly
in the form of personal attacks, or attacks on entire groups (like
mormons). Tim May attacked the mormons and started a flame war which I
help quench by asking people not to contribute anymore to that thread -
you lie when you accuse _me of what Tim May did.
I'm not bothered by the crap posted in response to what I post. For
example, I used to post "crypto-relevant wire clippings" to this list.
(I pretty much quit because no one seems to be interested in crypto here
anymore.) Certain friends of Tim tried to "defend" him by mailing back
to me multiple copies of the "wire clippings" with obscenities appended.
So, I finally took the time to figure out a way to filter them out.
These don't bother me.
If I see more unprovoked attacks on me on this mailing list from Tim May
or any of his "friends", I will respond and will point out that Tim May
is a liar. So far I have not started any flame wars on this list and all
of my responses were inferior in volume and viotriol to the originals.
If you want Tim May to continue attacking me on this list without being
hampered by my responses, you'll have to block me by technical means.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-22 20:20:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ANother Timmy May clone 
I'm responding to the list since others may noticed the same:
I did not post this article twice. I was surprised to see that it came
back from toad.com to me twice. Some glitch much have caused is to be
duplicated. Hasn't happened to any other articles... Sorry about that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-22 20:51:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May is a jerk 
I'm not sure if this is on-topic to this list, since Timmy May has
nothing to do with crypto... :-)
Basically, Timmy May is a retired senile old fart who used to work for Intel.
He's got nothing to do, he's bored, so he posts flame bait to this list.
Timmy is very stupid (can't think logically) and ignorant (doesn't know even
the things most educated Americans know). In particular, he's totally
ignorant of cryptography, which used to be the subject matter of this list.
Timmy likes to post personal attacks on people, attributing to them phoney
"quotes" that Timmy himself has made up. He's a proven liar.
He's also very racist. E.g., I happen to be Russian (have lived in the U.S.
for 17 years), so Timmy tries to insult me by flaming Russians in general
and writing some assinine drivel about the Cossacks (?????).
Recently Timmy posted an attack on mormons (having nothing to do with crypto)
and provoked a vicious religious flame war, which I helped quench by asking
people not to contribute to Timmy's thread anymore.
Clearly, Timmy has no life and his only remaining form of entertainment is
to read the flames that he provokes.
You can find more info on Timmy May and other jerks like him on the Web:
I hope this helps.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-22 22:51:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems [RANT 
It certainly rivals the Holocaust of 6M Jews during WW2. One important
difference is that Nazi Germans had specially built death camps with
trained personnel, while in 1905, 1914, and again in 1992, every Armenian
wanted to take part in the massacres.
As I said, *I* don't see what relevance ethnic flames could possibly have
to a supposedly crypto-related mailing list, but Timmy May and his few friends
clearly disagree - witness their many rants about Russians and Cossacks (????)
as well as attacks on mormons. I also recall some clearly anti-Semetic rants
from Timmy May (something about Israel deserving to be nuked).
As for Ray, he's a typical hate-filled Armenian. Armenian heritage has been
defined for centuries in terms of "race-worship" and hatred for Moslems,
Jews, and anyone else non-Armenian. It's somewhat surprising to see such
stereotypical "old-country" behavior in an alleged Californian.
And I don't see any evidence that Timmy or Ray are "crypto people".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-23 08:14:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WOW! 
I guess one can always recognize the Armenian heritage by the homicidal
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-23 08:15:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May is a jerk 
You have a point thee - I'll stop, not because IBM or Netscape might mind
my reposting their press releases here, but because I've recept some pretty
rude e-mail from John Gilmore telling me to stop posting off-topic to this
mailing list, which has turned into a playground for Timmy May and other
inane flamers. Clearly, anything "crypto-relevant" is off-topic. Only ethnic
flames about Cossacks (???) and religious flames about mormons, posted prodigiously by Timmy May and his cohorts, are on-topic.
P.S. I do have Dr. Argic's permission to repost his collection of materials
on the genocide of Jews and Moslems by Armenians.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-23 08:17:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] 
SECURE INTERNET COMMERCE IS FOCUS OF SEVERAL PROJECTS
Visa Europe is testing a payment card designed for secure use in commerce
across the Internet, and hopes to bring it to market early in 1998. "We are
launching a pilot of our new card for secure electronic commerce with 38
banks around Europe in 16 countries," Steve Schapp, executive vice-president
marketing of Visa Europe said. "We expect Internet commerce to range from
between $7 billion and $32 billion a year by 2000 world-wide, extending Visa
payment service into a new environment," Schapp said. In a related story, a
group of Singapore scientists said they had invented a secure system for
financial transactions on the Internet. The system would allow individuals
and businesses to deal directly with banks via the worldwide computer
network, said Lam Kwok Yan, spokesman for a group of researchers at the
National University of Singapore (NUS). He said the new system, developed by
the NUS team in collaboration with several banks, used smartcard technology
which allowed the transmission of hidden digital signatures. The system,
which uses Microsoft's Windows 95 operating system, should be ready for use
by sponsoring banks by March 1997. Sponsors include Singapore's four large
banks -- Development Bank of Singapore, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp.,
Overseas Union Bank, United Overseas Bank -- as well as Singapore
Telecommunications and Citicorp's Citibank.

@_date: 1996-10-23 08:17:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray "GAK" Arachelian's role in the murder of 2,500,000 Turks, 
I used to think that ethnic flames were off-topic for cypherpunks, but seeing
how Timmy May and his friends sput off every day about "crazy Russians", I'm
beginning to think that it may be on-topic.
Surely the fact that Armenians have massacred more Jews and Moslems during
20th century alone than there are Armenians has certain connections to
assassination politics.
I pity the fools who want a genodical maniac to filter what they read.
You certainly write several times more on this subject than I do.
Spoken like a true Libertarian. They always threaten to sue for
libel whenever they disagree with someone.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-23 11:34:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2, 
Thank you for the compliment.
No more than a second. You see, I have better things to do that engage
in flame wars, unlike Timmy May who spends hours glued to his terminal,
trying to invent new flame baits and chortling at his supposed cleverness.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-23 14:22:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Hong Kong's Largest Bank Debuts Mondex Credit Card
By P.T. Bangsberg
Having been beaten into the lead, Hong Kong's largest bank is fighting back
with a card it says is smarter than its rival's in a bid to capture the
cashless market.
Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. last week unveiled Mondex, a point-of-sale
card that can be reloaded with funds. It's described as the first of its kind
in Asia.
As reported, the Hong Kong unit of Britain's Standard Chartered Bank PLC and
the local arm of Bank of China fired the first shots in the battle last August
with a card from Visa International Inc.
A Prime Visa Cash card worth 200 Hong Kong dollars ($25) is bought from any
branch of the participating banks at face value. It is then used in retail
outlets without the need to show proof of identity or "swipe" to check on
available funds.
London-based Mondex International Ltd. is owned by 17 firms in North America,
Asia, Australasia and Europe. Unlike the Visa card, Mondex allows users to top
up the stored cash value from their bank accounts using automated teller
Users can also transfer electronic cash to and from customers by phone or ATM
and send electronic money to others using Mondex-compatible telephones.
"We see Mondex as being not just a newfangled product, not just a piece of
hip gadgetry, but a development that places Hongkong Bank...at the crest of
the electronic banking wave sweeping the globe," said Hongkong Bank chief
executive David Eldon.
Michael Keegan, chief executive of Mondex, told the formal launch ceremony the
firm is exploring means of payment via the Internet. The chief concern about
payments via the worldwide network of computer sites has been lack of
security, potentially allowing unauthorized people to discover card numbers.
The initial Mondex marketing campaign will be restricted to about 400
merchants in two of Hong Kong's largest shopping malls. Usage will be
broadened next year, company officials said by telephone.
Prime Visa Cash was rolled out with about 1,000 retail outlets. "As the first
reloadable electronic cash card in Hong Kong, Mondex changes money as we know
it, delivering valuable new features which improve on physical cash," said
Alexander Au, chairman of Hang Seng Bank Ltd., a unit of Hongkong Bank.
Features include transfer of electronic cash over a telephone line with the
ability to "lock" the card to prevent unauthorized access, and the maintenance
of an electronic statement of recent transactions.
American Banker: Monday, October 21, 1996
Cybercash Takes Early Lead In Race for New Currency Role
By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM
In the foyer of Cybercash Inc.'s office in Reston, Va., hangs a tinsel rocket
ship adorned with paper streamers and the words "Cybercoin is launched!"
It is a hopeful metaphor for the company's mission: to convince bankers and
others that a pot of gold awaits those who find the right way onto the
much-hyped new medium.
Dozens, maybe hundreds, of companies are in the race, and at the moment,
Cybercash seems to be at the front of the pack. The two-year-old company has a
proven leadership team, a jolt of funds from Wall Street, and the confidence
and partnership of a growing cadre of banks.
Cybercash makes software that facilitates Internet payments. At the core is an
"electronic wallet" for buying items with credit cards from on- line
Last month, the company enriched its wallet with electronic coins. The virtual
equivalent to a stack of chips at a casino, the Cybercoins are meant to be
spent on things that cost between 25 cents and $10, perhaps news articles,
pictures, or software.
Several powerful banks -- including First Union Corp., Wachovia Corp., and PNC
Bank Corp. -- are planning to offer Cybercoins in pilots. Others, including
Wells Fargo & Co. and BankAmerica Corp., already offer the
Cybercash wallet with its credit card capability.
Cybercash officials hope their early entry gives them an edge. But they are
bracing for competition with "major, well-funded players," said William N.
Melton, chief executive officer and co-founder of Cybercash. "There is not
going to be a single, major, well-funded player that doesn't have its finger
in the pie someplace."
That is good news and bad news, Mr. Melton says: "If we were the only ones
there, you might say we were ill-advised and were pouring money down
returnless holes. But when you have every single major player from AT&T to IBM
to all the card associations playing -- you name it, they're there -- it will
The "it" is Internet commerce. Bankers, transaction processors, and system
vendors seem viscerally convinced that electronic commerce is poised for
takeoff. They are less sure how the ascent will proceed.
"No one knows who's going to win this thing," said Michael P. Duffy, group
executive of direct marketing operations for First USA Paymentech. "There's a
keen amount of interest, but the public hype is probably out in front of
what's actually happening."
First USA Paymentech, one of the leading processors of card transactions for
merchants, is handling payments for Cybercash. But there is no exclusivity:
First USA also has processing agreements with First Virtual Holdings and Open
Market, two competitors in Cybercash's realm.
Paymentech chief executive Pamela H. Patsley described her company as the
leader in the "non-face-to-face market."
"It's our strategy to work with several of the leading solutions that are
coming to market," she said. "Certainly, Cybercash is a leader in this
First Data Corp., which also does processing for Cybercash, shares the
philosophy of backing any product that shows promise of acceptance.
"This is a new thing, there's nothing out there filling that role, and this is
the first one to market," Chuck White, a First Data senior vice president,
said of Cybercoin. "I think the banks are essentially in the same position we
are: they want to make sure they are providing the support that the market
Banks, too, are working with multiple partners, seeking as much insight as
possible on a business full of question marks.
"It's easy and smart to have partnerships with these competing ventures," said
Martha C. Campbell, until recently a senior vice president at BankAmerica. She
helped bring Cybercash's wallet to the bank.
"My sense is that we're still so early into this market . . . that it's really
hard to tell who's going to be a keeper and who's not," Ms. Campbell said.
"Some of them may become the standard providers and survive, but I think it's
quite likely none of them will."
Like BankAmerica, Wells Fargo is offering the Cybercash wallet for credit
cards, but has not yet decided on Cybercoin.
"We're aware of it and we're looking at it - we're looking at all options
available to our customers," said Debra B. Rossi, Wells' senior vice president
of electronic payment solutions.
Cybercash's own strategic partners include Mondex International, the smart
card developer, and Verifone Inc., the transaction automation pioneer Mr.
Melton founded in 1981. Ironically, Verifone is promulgating its own scheme
for Internet payments and has its own set of bank and technology partners
(some also allied with Cybercash).
Hatim A. Tyabji, Verifone's CEO, resigned from Cybercash's board this year to
avoid any conflicts of interest. Even so, executives at each company say they
do not intend to step on one another's toes; Verifone's systems are geared
toward larger-ticket items than Cybercash's.
"When we're mature and running, we would anticipate that probably 40% to 50%
of our corporate income will come from the coin product," Mr. Melton said.
Another 30% to 35% would come from an "electronic check" the company plans to
add to its wallet in early 1997. The virtual check would draw against a
consumer's bank account when a purchase was made.
Only 15% of income is ultimately expected to come from credit card payments.
"The biggest opportunity for us will be digitized goods that will be sold for
a small amount of money," said Gene Reichers, Cybercash's chief financial
officer. "Some of our overseas partners think the single biggest market will
be electronic games."
First Union buys into Cybercash's notion that there is "an interest in paying
for small things as you go," said Parker Foley, vice president and director of
electronic commerce.
Beginning in November, First Union customers will be able to download a
bank-branded wallet and experiment with micropayments among 25 to 30
merchants. The pilot will last three or four months, Mr. Foley said.
"There is a niche that Cybercoin fills nicely, where credit cards aren't
really efficient because the transaction is so small," Mr. Foley said.
"We don't believe it would be in our customers' best interests to lock
ourselves into one payment system," Mr. Foley said. "Right now, Cybercoin is
really the only coin product that's actually going to be nationally available,
outside of a couple of very controlled pilots in almost proprietary systems."
He was referring to Ecash, the Internet coin system of Digicash Inc. that Mark
Twain Bancshares of St. Louis is testing.
Digicash is often mentioned in the same breath as Cybercash, but its Internet
payment scheme is a different breed and has not caught on in U.S. banking.
This has not stopped Digicash from criticizing Cybercash.
"Their definition of cash -- it's not cash," said Daniel M. Eldridge, vice
president of Digicash. "Cash is a bearer instrument. Theirs doesn't sound like
a bearer instrument to me."
Mr. Eldridge also denigrated Cybercash's $34 million initial public offering
as "puffery . . . They have no earnings and no revenue."
The boom that benefited Cybercash and other hot Internet IPOs is over, but Mr.
Melton is unfazed.
"The analyst models on the Street at the time of the IPO said we would do
almost no revenue in '96, a fair amount in '97, and would go up rapidly in
'98," he said. "Those models are tracking, so there are no surprises. We did
tell the Street that the major thing to look for this year was new strategic
"We said this would be a year of building infrastructure, and I think that is
Cybercash has about 200 employees, most of them in the Reston headquarters or
Redwood City, Calif.
Mr. Melton, who established his payments credentials in the start- ups of
Verifone and Transaction Network Services Inc., founded Cybercash with Daniel
C. Lynch, Bruce G. Wilson, and Stephen D. Crocker.
Mr. Lynch brought on board Magdalena Yesil, a consultant and engineer whose
specialty was the commercialization of the Internet, as a co-founder.
"Bill knew that Dan was an Internet guru, and Dan knew that Bill was a founder
of Verifone," Ms. Yesil recalled. "Bruce was Bill's due-diligence guy in his
investments, and Crocker was the security expert."
Barely a month after Cybercash was incorporated in August 1994, Visa and
Microsoft issued a joint announcement that they were working together toward a
secure Internet payment system. That could have spelled disaster for the
upstart, but its leaders were heartened.
"It shone the limelight right in our area, the turf we had just carved out for
ourselves," Ms. Yesil said.
As Cybercash's chief spokesman during its infancy, Ms. Yesil said her job was
"to articulate the vision in just a few words, and never be too tired to give
yet another speech, to talk to another reporter."
"Early on, we were very much bunched with First Virtual and Digicash, and I
think that has changed significantly," said Ms. Yesil, who left Cybercash two
months ago to start her own Internet company.
"I tip my hat to them -- they've got to be months, possibly a year ahead" of
the competition, said Scott Smith, an analyst at Jupiter Communications in New
York and a former banker at Wachovia Corp.
Mr. Smith said the Cybercash wallet, once viewed as a proprietary innovation,
has set a standard that will heighten the company's appeal to banks.
"Cybercash has got an edge because they've been out there making alliances
with banks and processors," Mr. Smith said. "They want to be seen as
With organizations as varied as Digital Equipment Corp. and Microsoft in the
Internet payments mix, how long Cybercash's prominence will last is open to
"Cybercash is in a position of benefiting from the early excitement," said
Michael Gould, an analyst at the Patricia Seybold Group in Boston, who
recently completed a report on secure Internet payments.
Cybercash and others have filled a void "as more conservative financial
institutions are sitting back, watching, and waiting," he said. "Over the long
term, however, I think in some manner the role that Cybercash is playing will
end up being subsumed by some of the larger organizations."
Another obstacle Cybercash faces -- as do other purveyors of Internet-based
applications -- is that its wallet remains hard to use.
A prototype that consumers can download free from Cybercash's Web site is
difficult to install for anyone who is not highly computer literate. It cannot
be used with Macintosh computers and is just becoming available through
America Online, the most popular on-line service.
Mr. Melton said these kinks will be ironed out. The existing wallet, he said,
is more a proof-of-concept than a final product. The ultimate goal is to offer
the wallet directly to consumers through their banks, which will brand it and
present it in an easy-to-use way.
"One thing we've done better than anybody else is design our system to be
integrable with banking back-room systems," said Larry Gilbert, Cybercash vice
president and general manager of coin services. "We made a conscious effort
from day one to build a system that was easily adopted by banks, that used the
types of systems they were accustomed to. We know how difficult it is to make
that change."
Mr. Melton says the only thing holding back electronic commerce is the time
and effort to get new technology in place.
"Fear of safety, lack of technology were last year's barriers," Mr. Melton
said. "Most of those issues have either been put to rest or are now being put
to rest.
"Any banker today has a very full plate," he added. "He's got to bring this
technology into the suite of offerings he brings to his merchants. He's got to
have the operations manuals that go along with that, he's got to build it into
his systems."
Mr. Melton predicts the logistical problems will be worked out over the next
year, yielding an electronic commerce system controlled by the banks.
"Who are the winners going to be?" he asked. "Obviously, in any mature market
there's not going to be a single winner. There are going to be multiple
"But we've made our bet," he said: "on the banks."
News Release (Visa International): October 17, 1996
UK Consumers Demand Electronic Banking
Nearly two out of three people in the UK would like to check their bank
balances and pay bills via a home computer, and nearly three-quarters believe
that new technologies, such as the PC and the Internet, will continue to
change the way in which we work and live.
These are just some of the findings revealed in a survey commissioned by Visa
UK Limited into the British public's views of the impact of new technologies
on their lives in the future. The survey was conducted earlier this year by
Gallup among a representative sample of over 1,900 men and women throughout
the UK. Its findings are included in a special report called "The Way Ahead",
published today by Visa.
According to the survey, 56 per cent of UK residents believe the pace of
technological change will increase dramatically over the next ten years.
Interestingly, this pace of change is most clearly recognised by those aged
between 35 and 44 -- two-thirds of this age group think so, compared with just
over a half of 16 to 24-year olds.
The survey also reveals the British public's views of technological and
financial developments in the 21st century. For example:
- 88 per cent of those questioned expect many more homes to have a personal
computer - 62 per cent foresee an increase in home shopping via a PC or the
The primary use for PCs in 21st century homes will be to "pay bills and manage
bank accounts" (70 per cent), and "working from home" (69 per cent). The third
most popular use will be to use a PC to "shop from home" (62 percent).
Fiona Wilkinson, general manager of Visa UK Limited, says:
"The survey confirms our view that consumers want easy-to-use and
easy-to-access electronic systems to help them manage their financial affairs,
as well as purchase goods. That is why we are currently developing, in
partnership with our M-ember financial institutions, a number of leading edge
electronic systems, such as remote banking and chip based payment cards. These
will enable Members to offer their customers access to information or use
their money at any time, wherever they happen to be."
The Impact of New Technologies According to the survey, 56 per cent of people
in the UK believe the pace of technological change will increase dramatically
over the next ten years. Interestingly, this pace of change is most clearly
recognised by those aged between 3 5 and 44 -- two-thirds of this age group
think so, compared with just over a half of 16 to 24-year olds.
Given the opportunity today to use a home computer to "obtain information and
advice or communicate with others", the top choice by far (63 per cent of
people) is to check their bank balances and pay bills. The second most popular
choice (51 per cent) is to help educate children, while 39 per cent want to
use technology to discover more information about their general interests.
Electronic Shopping Latest reports from Romtec, the computer industry analyst,
indicate that over six million households in the UK (equivalent to a quarter
of all homes) now have a PC. It is estimated that this figure will rise to at
least 14 million households by the turn of the century.
Given the opportunity today to use a home computer or a similar device to buy
things rather than go out to shop, 36 per cent of those questioned said they
definitely would buy goods electronically. Typical reasons given were "it'S
simpler, easier and less effort" (30 per cent); "it's more convenient" (21 per
cent); and "it saves time and is quicker"' (17 per cent).
Men appear to be more willing to use a PC to do the shopping than women

@_date: 1996-10-24 14:05:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] 
New York Times: Monday, October 21, 1996
Israelis Cite New Risk To Electronic Data Security
By JOHN MARKOFF
Two of Israel's leading computer scientists say they have found a way to more
easily decode and then counterfeit the electronic cash ``smart cards'' that
are now widely used in Europe and are being tested in the United States.
The researchers have begun circulating the draft of a paper that points out
higher security risks than those discovered last month by scientists at Bell
Communications Research.
The Bell researchers had reported that it might be possible to counterfeit
many types of the ``smart cards'' that are being tested by banks and
credit-card companies, including Visa and Mastercard.
The two Israeli scientists, Adi Shamir, a professor at the applied mathematics
department at the Weizmann Institute, and Eli Biham, a member of the faculty
of the computer-science department at the Technion, reported that in addition
to the so-called public key coding systems that were found vulnerable by the
Bellcore team, private key data coding systems such as the American Data
Encryption Standard, or DES, can be successfully attacked if a computer
processor can be made to produce an error.
The two Israelis made a draft of their research available via the Internet on
Thursday. In their paper the two wrote, ``We can extract the full DES key
from a sealed tamperproof DES encrypter'' by analyzing fewer than 200 encoded
Both public key and private key data-scrambling methods are based on the
difficulty involved in factoring large numbers. A public key system permits
two parties who have never met to exchange secret information. A private key
system requires that a secret key be exchanged beforehand.
Data-coding experts said that the new Israeli method might be a more practical
system than the previously announced Bellcore method, because unlike public
keys, which are frequently used only once per message, a private secret key
may be used repeatedly to scramble electronic transactions.
``This seems a lot closer to something that might actually be used,'' said
Matt Blaze, a computer researcher at AT&T Laboratories.
Smart cards have been promoted as tamperproof, which is why computer
scientists at Bellcore, one of the United States' leading
information-technology laboratories, sounded the alarm last month, saying that
a savvy criminal might be able to tweak a smart-card chip to make a
counterfeit copy of the monetary value on a legitimate card.
Executives at smart-card companies said at the time that the attack was
theoretical and that it would be impossible to make a smart card generate an
error without actually destroying the card.
However, Biham responded that he believed such hardware attacks were possible.
The cards are generally damaged by means of heat or radiation, which causes
the computer chip in the card to generate an error, which the Israeli
scientists used to obtain the code key and copy the card.
``I have ample evidence that hardware faults can be generated without too much
difficulty,'' he said in an electronic-mail message. ``As a consultant to some
high-tech companies, I had numerous opportunities to witness successful
attacks by commercial pirates on pay-TV systems based on smart cards.
``I know for a fact that some of these attacks were based on intentional clock
and power-supply glitches, which can often cause the execution of incorrect
instructions by the smart card.''
Other researchers said that the class of attacks demonstrated by the Bellcore
team and the Israelis had been known by some members of the tightly knit
community of cryptographers for several years, but the results had not been
``Some of the smart-card manufacturers are well aware of this flaw,'' said
Paul Kocher, an independent Silicon Valley data-security consultant. ``But it
doesn't mean that they have fixed it.''
American Banker: Monday, October 21, 1996
Bank Regulations Are No Obstacle to E-Money Ventures
BY THOMAS P. VARTANIAN
Banks and holding companies have three strategic alternatives for delivering
new electronic products and services to customers: They can develop them
through internal expansion; acquire, whole or in part, companies that provide
them; or enter into joint ventures, networks, alliances, and partnerships.
Experts seem to believe the third approach provides banks with the optimal
array of business opportunities. But successful technology ventures require a
blend of business skills, savvy instincts, and an understanding of the legal
Venture partners must be compatible in strategic goals, competitive vigor,
geography, cultural affinity, and social constitution. As the trend toward
technology-driven ventures develops, so must regulators correspondingly expand
their views of what constitutes permissible banking activities. As they do,
and as Internet commerce and electronic money transform the nature of banking
relationships and money, banks and bank holding companies should
constantly evaluate how investments in subsidiary corporations, partnerships,
joint ventures, and limited-liability companies may facilitate their
strategies to remain technologically competitive.
In January 1996, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency explained its
current position regarding the ways in which the operating subsidiaries of
national banks may co-venture with nonregulated entities in the development
and delivery of new technological products and services. In that decision, the
OCC approved the contribution of a merchant credit card business by a group of
affiliated national banks to a technology company, in exchange for a
collective 40% equity interest in that company. Other initial shareholders in
the transaction included a venture capital fund, a telecommunications company,
and management of the company.
The newly formed operating subsidiary planned to complete a public offering
and further reduce the banks' ownership interests subsequent to this initial
Similarly, the OCC approved in March a national bank operating subsidiary's
participation in a joint venture that was 50% owned by 31 depository
institutions, including four national banks.
The venture was to provide automated teller machine and point of sale services
to depository institutions in the northwest United States and western Canadian
provinces. It also would operate a transaction switch, transmit information to
other networks pursuant to gateway agreements, provide ATM and POS-related
services to owners and members, and furnish net settlement information.
These authorizations reflected a flexible approach to two critical factors:
the list of activities that national banks may legally engage in; and the
manner in which they can be so engaged.
With respect to the latter point, the OCC will make exceptions to its
traditional requirement that national banks control at least 80% of their
operating subsidiaries and permit minority investments in subsidiaries if
certain conditions regarding the activities and independence of the subsidiary
are met. The OCC seems to recognize such subsidiaries will be a necessary
vehicle for national banks to remain competitive in technologically driven
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is similarly
accommodating. On May 21, it authorized Cardinal Bancshares to acquire Five
Paces Software Inc. through a wholly owned thrift subsidiary, Security First
Network Bank, and thereby engage nationwide in data processing activities
relating to financial services over the Internet. The Fed noted that all of
Five Paces' data processing and transmission activities "are provided in
connection with transactions in accounts maintained by a financial
institution. "
The agency had previously determined that "the development, production, and
sale of software that allows a customer to conduct banking transactions using
personal computers (is permissible because it) is closely related to banking."
On Feb. 6, the Fed approved the acquisition by Royal Bank of Canada of 20% of
the voting shares of Meca Software LLC. The Fed relied on Section 225.25(b)(7)
of Regulation Y, which permits bank holding companies to provide data
processing and data transmission services, facilities (including software),
data bases, or access to such services, facilities or data bases by any
technological means, so long as the data to be processed or furnished are
"financial, banking or economic in nature."
Interestingly , the central bank disregarded the fact that Meca conducted
nonfinancial activities. It concluded that those software products --
including games, computer security programs, a medical reference library, and
a program providing basic legal forms -- did not have dedicated employees or
resources, produced only 7% of the company's revenues and would not be
upgraded, enhanced or promoted. Therefore, they would not preclude approval.
Similar limitations on nonfinancial data processing and transmission services
facilitated the Fed's approval of a de novo subsidiary of Compagnie Financiere
de Paribas on Feb. 26 to produce integrated billing software programs for
digital mobile telephone networks.
It remains to be seen how the Federal Reserve or the OCC will respond to
requests to engage in technological activities that are not directly
financial, banking, or economic in nature. However, the agencies seem to be
signalling a willingness to be expansion-minded.
The Fed issued an order July 1 allowing four banks in Ohio and Pennsylvania
through their ATM affiliate, Electronic Payment Services Inc., to provide data
processing and other services relating to the distribution of tickets, gift
certificates, prepaid telephone cards, and other documents.
Proposals regarding joint ventures in electronic money, smart card systems,
and PC hard-drive currencies are pending. The regulators are becoming attuned
to new types of regulatory issues and concerns.
For example, in its Cardinal Bancshares order, the Fed said it expects
acquisitions such as Five Paces to "enhance consumer convenience by expanding
the availability of electronic banking services and by making those services
available in new ways." But it warned that defects in security policies or
procedures would be considered unsafe and unsound banking practices because of
the risks associated with the provision of services over the Internet.
Not since Jesse James was practicing his entrepreneurial skills has bank
security become such a regulatory concern. Since no human can exist in
cyberspace, and identification and verification of parties over the Internet
may be subject to manipulation, the Fed is clearly telling banks to take
prudent steps and utilize state-of-the-art cryptography to discourage and
prevent computer break-ins, counterfeiting, theft of accounts and identities,
systemic attacks and informational warfare.
A fair enough admonition -- one that many banks can satisfy only by working
with partners and unaffiliated entities.
But entrepreneurial business venturers do not mix easily with regulation.
While a bank's joint-venture partner may be a high-quality technology company,
it may not be accustomed to the kind of regulatory examination, intervention,
and enforcement that banks know. This issue must be resolved at the inception
of a joint venture to avoid subsequent disputes.
Given the way current laws work, nonbanks may want to join with a bank holding
company affiliate rather than a bank subsidiary to avoid the liability that
can attach to an "institution-affiliated party," such as a subsidiary of an
insured bank.
Traditional concepts of due diligence will also have to be substantially
augmented and modified to adequately evaluate businesses in cyberspace. No
longer will physical reviews of corporate documents and officer interviews
suffice. Bank acquirers and co-venturers will have to thoroughly consider the
extent to which electronic breaches, theft, counterfeiting and manipulation of
systems have occurred or can occur.
Given the ever-increasing technological capacity available to cyberspace
pirates, security protocols will have to efficiently accommodate new
generations of technological upgrades. Off-line, unaccountable smart cards may
have to be upgraded by the originator or issuer through virus- like
transmissions spread card-to-card and card-to-terminal.
Similarly, the encrypted identifying marks of electronic money may need to be
regularly reformatted in order to limit the amounts that can be counterfeited
or duplicated.
In the intellectual property area, an acquired or co-ventured technology
business may only be worth what it costs if the products and services and
their underlying software and programs are adequately protected or protectable
under copyright, trademark, and patent laws.
Given the dizzying rate at which such filings are occurring in electronic
banking and commerce, it is equally critical to determine that any technology,
products, or services being acquired do not violate pending or issued licenses
in any jurisdiction in the world. The Internet is a worldwide marketing
mechanism, and users will have to consider the laws and customs of a multitude
of jurisdictions -- even those where they may never have done business or
intended to do business.
In any joint venture, affiliation, or alliance, the contracting parties must
determine who "owns" the customer. But in the world of cyberspace, where
traditional identities and boundaries no longer apply, ownership and access
issues will be even more important, particularly when a venture is unwound or
Banks have traditionally sought to share information between and among
affiliates for marketing purposes. Where the affiliate is not a controlled
subsidiary, however, such sharing may be problematic and even illegal under
state privacy laws.
As electronic commerce and smart card products begin to be introduced and gain
acceptance, certain brands will naturally become more prominent and
recognized. Unlike the branding issues that are important to companies in the
consumer products area, these electronic products will have to fight for
market share among consumers who put a premium on confidence and trust.
Banks will have to find ways to continue to accommodate the financial as well
as emotional elements of the relationship that exists between an individual
and his or her money. Brands and logos that evoke confidence and trust will be
extremely valuable, and should be treated accordingly in the business ventures
that develop.
Technology co-ventures must have workable and verifiable policies and
procedures concerning disaster recovery. How an organization deals with
traditional crashes, power losses, and breaches will indicate its capability
in this area. No financial institution that relies on public trust and
confidence can tolerate the loss of business information or customer data,
particularly if it keeps customers from their money, electronic or otherwise,
for some period of time.
Odds are that many banks will not be able - or prefer not - to "go it alone."
The landscape is already filled with dozens of alliances and joint ventures,
and the business is still in its infancy. At the same time, banks should not
be too quick to dilute or share their long-standing consumer trust and
confidence. They have as much to give as they do to gain in technology joint
ventures, and they should negotiate accordingly.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-24 14:07:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] 
Washington Post: Monday, October 21, 1996
CyberCash: Change Is Good, They Bet
By David S. Hilzenrath
Somewhere in cyberspace, shrouded in anonymity, someone surfed to the World
Wide Web site for Virtual Vegas last Friday and saw casino betting tips for
sale for 50 cents. With a few clicks of a computer mouse, using software
called a "wallet," the surfer ordered the tip sheet. Almost instantaneously,
the gambling advice crossed the Web to the buyer's computer, and payment
traveled to the Web site in a new form of electronic money known as CyberCoin.
When Virtual Vegas settles its accounts, the encrypted CyberCoin payment will
be converted into a 42-cent deposit in the business's bank account. Its bank
and the buyer's bank will share a fee of 2 cents, and CyberCash Inc., the
Reston company that issued the electronic money, will cut itself in for 6
Mere pennies -- but multiply the transaction by a zillion here and a zillion
there and someday the company could be making real money.
One of the Internet's hottest and most speculative stocks, CyberCash has
emerged as the early front-runner in a race to handle the pocket change of
electronic commerce, many merchants and analysts say. In the process,
CyberCash could help transform the way people do business on the Internet,
making it easier to buy and sell inexpensive items such as individual news
articles, pictures, video-game plays, computer software, recipes, jukebox
selections -- or odds on the third race at Belmont.
"When the Internet comes into its own, and it will come into its own, then
CyberCash and its competitors will have provided a key mechanism for going
from worldwide chaos to worldwide commerce," said Ira Morrow, a financial
services analyst for the Gartner Group.
It's big talk about a tiny company that in the first six months of this year
had only $ 37,705 in revenue and has yet to show a profit. Moreover, the
company is one of many betting on an explosion of on-line commerce that more
than a few savvy observers say may never come.
"Are people really going to want to do real commercial transactions on the
Internet? A lot of us involved in this aren't sure," said Sholom Rosen, vice
president of emerging technologies at Citibank and point man for the bank's
experiment in Internet currency. "There's more smoke out there than there is
fire right now . . . more hype than there is reality in the marketplace."
Until about two weeks ago, some analysts considered CyberCash's prospects to
be tenuous at best. Then Netscape Communications Corp. agreed to package the
CyberCash wallet with its Netscape Navigator software, by far the most widely
used "browser" for surfing the Web. Suddenly, CyberCash appeared more
"CyberCash, with the Netscape deal, has emerged with some kind of a leadership
position . . . some clear viability," said Kris Tuttle of SoundView Financial
Group, a technology research firm.
CyberCash introduced a system for secure on-line credit card payments in 1995,
but by its own account it will be just one of many players following a
standard approach in that arena. It is also developing a system for on-line
check payments. But it is CyberCoin, which debuted on Sept. 30, that holds the
key to CyberCash's fortunes -- and the greatest potential to shake things up
in cyberspace. With CyberCoin, the company is trying to facilitate purchases
of 25 cents to $ 10, transactions typically too small to be made by credit
The system could allow Internet merchants to charge for things they have been
giving away, or to charge nominal tolls for visiting Web sites. It could allow
virtual vendors to charge "by the sip" instead of by the bottle, as some
industry analysts say -- for example, to eliminate costly subscription fees
for on-line publications when the reader only wants a single story.
"It seems to be the answer everybody's been looking for to make small-amount
purchases on the Internet," said Ned Barnett, marketing director of
HealthWorld Online Inc., which plans to use CyberCoin to sell chapters of
books and brief audio recordings about nutrition and health on the Internet.
The folks at Virtual Vegas agree, but their own receipts should temper such
enthusiasm. As of Friday, Virtual Vegas, based in Venice, Calif., had rung up
just 48 CyberCoin transactions for a grand total of $ 40.05 in sales.
Only a dozen merchants are currently equipped to accept CyberCoin payments.
Another 33, including the Los Angeles Times, have signed up to use the system.
Netscape won't begin distributing the wallet software to consumers until next
year; in the meantime, it can be downloaded for free from CyberCash's Web
site, But to CyberCash co-founder and chief executive William N. Melton, it's a
fairly good bet. And Melton has a history of good bets. In a prior life, he
created VeriFone Inc., building it into the world's largest provider of
credit-card terminals, which retailers use to verify transactions. He serves
on the boards of America Online Inc. of Dulles, the world's largest on-line
service, and Transaction Network Services of Reston, which manages a network
that connects retailers and credit card processors.
Melton, 54, grew up on a farm in Nebraska, where he and his brother and mother
tended to the cows and pigs and chickens. His father, a Methodist minister,
died when he was 7. As a boy, he dreamed of being a truck driver, he said,
because the trucks that rumbled through Nebraska represented freedom.
At West Mar College in LeMars, Iowa, he majored in psychology before going to
Honolulu for graduate work in Chinese language and philosophy. He spent five
years in Asia, traveling to Taiwan, Vietnam and Japan, and returned to Hawaii
fluent in Mandarin.
In 1993, practicing venture capital with his own money, Melton watched the
growth of the Internet and saw its "revolutionary and transformative power,"
he said. He envisioned a need for a kind of VeriFone for the global computer
network, an automated on-line payment system.
"Most of the banking world at that time was not paying attention to this new
[Internet] phenomenon, and most of the people in the Internet were not paying
attention to payments. And so there seemed to be a gap that needed to be
filled," he said.
Melton also perceived a gap in his knowledge of the Internet, and sought out
Daniel C. Lynch, now chairman of the CyberCash board, to fill it. Lynch, 55,
one of the Internet's pioneers, had already made a fortune of his own by
creating and selling Interop Co., which ran Internet trade shows. Lynch also
served on the board of UUNet Technologies, the Internet services company
recently bought by MFS Communications.
Early in his career, as a computer programmer for the U.S. Air Force, Lynch
wrote software for missile-tracking radars. But in the early 1970s he decided
that was "a boring game" because "the offense has it all over the defense," he
recalled. Now, Lynch relaxes by working on his own vineyard in Napa Valley.
Melton and Lynch found each other through their mutual interest in bionomics,
the philosophy espoused by author Michael Rothschild in a 1990 book by that
title. Bionomics views the economy as organic and evolutionary, like a rain
forest, and doubts the power of governments or other institutions to direct
it. The two entrepreneurs became sponsors and directors of Rothschild's
Bionomics Institute.
Rothschild describes Melton and Lynch in contrasting terms. "Bill is a man of
few words. To me he's sagelike, just very wise," Rothschild said. Lynch "is
both a mathematical wizard, a hyper hyper techie guy, the super-geek, if you
will . . . and the ultimate party animal."
They met for breakfast one morning in October 1993, and Melton told Lynch
about his ideas. By the time Rothschild arrived, late for the meeting, the two
were planning a business.
Initially, they financed the venture themselves. "We're two guys that could
write checks for millions of dollars, and if we lost, we lost," Lynch said.
"We were going to shake the world up."
As the company developed, they watched the share prices of publicly traded
Internet upstarts, such as Netscape, rise to stratospheric heights. By last
winter, it was their turn to play. CyberCash issued stock on Feb. 15, raising
$ 44 million from the public and $ 15 million from Japanese investor Softbank
in a private deal. Initially priced at $ 17, the stock has since traded
between $ 24.75 and $ 63.50 and closed at $ 33 Friday. Melton's $ 4.7 million
investment in the company is now worth $ 75.5 million on paper, and Lynch has
turned $ 2 million into $ 25.6 million.
What made the offering all the more remarkable was not only that CyberCash was
losing millions of dollars at the time, but that it had yet to take in a penny
of revenue. "That was a bit of a rush, wasn't it?" Lynch said.
Today, CyberCash has about 190 employees and offices in Redwood City, Calif.,
and Bangalore, India, where labor costs for programmers are much lower than in
this country.
The CyberCash strategy is to distribute its system to the masses through
alliances with banks, credit card-processing firms, makers of Internet
software for businesses and consumers -- such as Netscape, Oracle Corp. and
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- and service providers such as CompuServe.
CyberCash decided early on that it was better off cooperating with banks
rather than competing with them. "We knew that the Internet was going to so
challenge all of . . . life's assumptions that we were not interested in
asking consumers to also leave the safe haven of their current banking
relationships," Melton said.
The company wants banks to put their names on the CyberCash wallet and offer
it to their customers. So far, it has forged relationships with dozens of
financial companies, including First Union Corp. and First Data Corp., the
nation's largest credit card processor. To accept CyberCoin payments,
merchants must use a bank allied with the company, but consumers can establish
CyberCash wallets using any bank or credit card company.
The consumer begins by in effect buying CyberCoin currency -- up to $ 20 at a
time. This is done by transferring funds from a credit card or checking
account to a bank account controlled by CyberCash. Encoded digital currency is
placed on the storage disks of the us er's computer, and is transmitted over
the network when purchases are made. Merchants then redeem the digital
currency for the conventional kind via electronic networks run by CyberCash
and the banking system. In this closed loop, the digital money can be spent on
ly once before being cashed in.
That distinguishes CyberCoin from other forms of electronic money that can
circulate endlessly and anonymously like traditional cash or "bearer
instruments" issued by governments. It also reduces the danger that CyberCoin
would be counterfeited or used for money-laundering, major concerns of law
enforcement authorities who are closely studying the emerging electronic money
When consumers shop with CyberCoin, they do so under a veil of cryptographic
confidentiality. They hold electronic "keys" that can unlock the code. With a
subpoena, the government could compel users to surrender the keys, which would
make it possible to trace their purchases. But unless the user surrendered the
key, the most CyberCash could do to assist law enforcement would be to stop
encrypting transactions for that person.
That's CyberCash's attempt to balance the government's police interests with
the consumer's privacy interests.
"There are no easy answers in this area," said Raymond Kelly, the Treasury
Department's undersecretary for enforcement. "We think electronic money is
good for the country and the world. But there [are] still many outstanding
issues" for policymakers to consider, Kelly said.
The final pillar of CyberCash's strategy is to rely on software, which can be
easily transmitted over the network, rather than hardware add-ons to a
Some alternative approaches would employ devices such as stored value cards --
plastic cards embedded with computer chips. Those systems -- roughly akin to
Metro farecards -- would also require users to attach card readers to their
computers. Some analysts predict that smart cards eventually could dominate
the market, but CyberCash believes that software solutions will spread faster.
The CyberCash wallet could be adapted to work with smart cards, but at a
reduced level of profitability, Melton said.
For all its progress, CyberCash has also missed opportunities, one former
executive said. It failed to forge a relationship with America Online's 6.2
million-member service. "Shame on me for that," Melton said of his
unsuccessful run at AOL, but he added that as a member of its board he was
unwilling to push AOL too hard.
CyberCash has yet to build an alliance with Microsoft Corp. For a long time it
didn't even try, because Melton thought it should wait until it had more to
show for itself. Former marketing vice president Magdalena Yesil questioned
that judgment. "Putting your head in the sand doesn't get you away from
trouble," she said. "It actually allows the trouble to get bigger."
Perhaps most seriously, the company has yet to recruit many merchants to
accept CyberCash payments. "As a consumer, what do I do with this thing?"
Yesil asked rhetorically. "It's like somebody giving me Turkish liras in
CyberCash's closest competitor, an Amsterdam company called DigiCash, requires
consumers to open accounts at designated banks, and it has enlisted only Mark
Twain Bank in the United States. Other competitors may soon appear, though.
Citibank is working on its Electronic Monetary System. Melton's old company,
VeriFone, is readying on-line card readers.
And Digital Equipment Corp. promises it will launch a service called
Millicent, with much lower transaction charges than CyberCoin's.
Before long, these companies may count their fees not in pennies, but in
fractions of pennies. Then, zillions of transactions won't ensure
profitability. It will take bazillions to get there.
FEWER MIDDLEMEN, BIGGER MARGIN
The chief executive of Virtual Vegas sees products such as CyberCoin as
nothing short of "revolutionary," and he says the proof is the cards --
blackjack cards, to be precise.
The Virtual Vegas Turbo Blackjack computer game sells in stores for $ 29.95.
But with CyberCoin, Virtual Vegas is selling it on the Web for $ 2.95, a tenth
of the price. And CEO David Herschman says he could make more money doing it.
Each $ 29.95 CD-ROM version of the game yields a profit of about $ 4.50 after
deducting the retailers' and distributors' share of the price; production,
packaging and shipping costs; sales commissions; and unpaid accounts.
By contrast, each $ 2.95 copy of the game paid for with CyberCoin and
delivered over the Web costs Virtual Vegas about 26 cents, yielding a $ 2.69
profit. At the Web price, Virtual Vegas could sell many more copies, Herschman
"The profit margin is huge," he said. "We make it once and . . . we could sell
that from here to eternity."
HOW A CYBERCOIN TRANSACTION WORKS
1. CyberCash Inc.'s electronic wallet software is downloaded from its Web site
at  to a user's computer. The user fills the wallet
with money by transferring funds from a checking account or credit card to a
bank account controlled by CyberCash. The actual money stays in the account
until after a purchase has been completed. To fill the wallet from a checking
account, users must mail in a voided check. CyberCash then loads the wallet
with digitally encrypted symbols representing the allotted money in the bank.
2. To buy something, the consumer clicks the PAY button on a participating
merchant's Web site. The code for the money is verified by CyberCash. The
electronic product -- such as an on-line document or news article -- is
transferred to the user's computer. The code for the money is transferred from
the user's wallet to the merchant's electronic "cash register." The user's
wallet logs all transactions.
3. When the merchant empties the cash register of its coded payments,
CyberCash transfers the actual money to the merchant's bank account from the
account where it was holding the consumer's funds. CyberCash deducts a
transaction fee from the merchant's payment. The fee is split among CyberCash,
the consumer's bank and the merchant's bank.
4. The user can return unspent funds to a checking account, but not to a
credit card.
American Banker, 10/23/96
Phone alliance may rival banks in electronic cash
A smart card alliance of five telephone companies could raise competitive
obstacles to banks that desire to control electronic cash transactions. US West
Communications, GTE, Bell Canada, PTT Telecom Netherlands, and Telekom Malaysia
announced formation of the Global Chipcard Alliance at the CardEx 96 conference
this month in the Netherlands. Additional members are welcome. Oracle Corp.,
the data base software giant, plans to join, said US West. The alliance wants
to create an open standard to allow any smart telephone card to operate in any
pay telephone network. Some partners' cards are already interoperable -- for
example, GTE cards work in telephones installed by US West and vice versa --
and alliance members may have the power to affect technology in the banking and
payments field. Though phone card standards are its initial target, the
alliance could view electronic purses and other chip card applications as
viable opportunities. The major bank credit card associations have produced a
smart card standard called EMV, for Europay, MasterCard, and Visa. It is
designed to assure that merchants' terminals accept all compatible cards. The
chip card group could incorporate EMV into its operating standard.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-24 18:40:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
Is Ray the genocidal maniac going to be represented by the legal team of
Helena Kobrin and Cantor & Siegal?
I'd nominate my good friend, Dr. John M. Grubor (the founder of Internet),
for Ray's all-star legal team, except that he's been disbarred.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-25 08:11:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] 
American Banker, 10/24/96
Gonzalez pushing consumer safeguards for electronic banking
Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez called Wednesday for aggressive congressional
action to protect consumers in the emerging world of electronic banking.
Releasing a blueprint for legislative action, the Texas Democrat urged
Congress to: *Adopt public policy standards relating to privacy,
disclosure, access, equity, and financial reliability for electronic
banking products and services.
*Hold oversight hearings to assess how well the industry is serving the
consumer in these five areas.
*Enact laws if the industry's performance falls below minimum
congressional standards.
*Define financial transactions to include the exchange of financial
information as well as cash.
*Consider revising current consumer protection laws. "Many of the
federal consumer protection laws are nearly 30 years old, and they were
not designed to deal with the effects of these new technologies," said
Rep. Gonzalez, the House Banking Committee's ranking minority member.
The report, "Connecting Consumers: Consumer Issues and Emerging
Financial Technology," recommends subjecting banks and nonbanks to the
same laws and regulations in this area. Republican committee members and
banking regulators have been reluctant to issue rules that might hinder
the development of new electronic banking products.
[I.e., more regulation of electronic commernce. -DV]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-25 11:37:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] 
American Banker: Wednesday, October 23, 1996
Citi Tech Chief Fears Massive Fraud on the Net
By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM
Few bankers know as much about data security as Colin Crook - and few are as
wary about the Internet.
"I personally do not do financial transactions on the Internet," said Mr.
Crook, Citicorp's senior technology officer.
At a telecommunications seminar in New York last week, Mr. Crook was generally
optimistic about the commercial potential of the Internet and its World Wide
Web, which he billed as both "a threat and a promise."
He is unsure when Citicorp will deem the Web secure enough for financial
transactions. Today's banks on the Web are conducting exercises in "risk
management," Mr. Crook said.
"The notion of electronic commerce is quickly losing its narrow focus as an
electronic payment system," he said. "It is now viewed in a much broader
context of electronic customer contact, multimedia, interactivity,
advertising, and enterprise restructuring."
At the seminar, sponsored by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers of Piscataway, N.J., Mr. Crook underscored his concern that the
Internet offers wrongdoers the opportunity to "perpetrate fraud on a massive
While a waiter holding a customer's credit card in a restaurant has only a
limited time to pirate the number, Mr. Crook said, the "nonlinear" nature of
the Internet makes time less of a constraint. Thousands of credit card numbers
could be pilfered in an instant, he said, and precious corporate brand names
could be sullied.
"One disgruntled customer will have the ability to do enormous damage in
cyberspace," Mr. Crook said.
In one example of "electronic grafitti," Mr. Crook pointed to the infiltration
of the Central Intelligence Agency's Web site. "Hackers transformed it to the
'central agency for stupidity,'" he said. "And that was just a crass example."
Warnings aside, Mr. Crook expressed confidence that Internet commerce would
grow rapidly. He cited estimates that $20 million in sales took place on-line
in 1994, and $500 million in 1995. By 2000, he said, varying researchers
project $5 billion to $30 billion of transactions will be conducted
electronically, with 150 million to 200 million people using the Web.
"In technology, we tend to overestimate the short term and underestimate the
long term," said Mr. Crook.
"It's not clear to me that the case for electronic cash is very good" in the
short term, he said. "Plain old money is very effective."
Citicorp has spent years developing a hardware-based electronic cash scheme
known as the Electronic Money System. Sholom Rosen, the system's chief
architect, recently received another of several patents on the system.
Mr. Crook said digital cash technologies like Electronic Money System -- as
well as those of Digicash Inc. and Mondex -- were not ripe for widespread use,
despite the liberal attitudes of regulators.
"You would think this would be an amazing source of trauma" for the
regulators, he said.
In the near term, Mr. Crook said the Secure Electronic Transactions standard
approved by Visa and MasterCard held promise for safe credit card payments on
the Internet. And the development of E-check by the Financial Services
Technology Consortium (of which Citibank is a founding member) might be the
vehicle to project a check-like instrument into the on-line world.
Digital money, he said, "really holds the promise of a radical transformation
in the long term."
Trained as an engineer at the City of Liverpool's College of Technology in
England, Mr. Crook has been at Citicorp since 1990. He previously worked at
Motorola Corp., British Telecom, and Data General USA.
In 1981, he became the youngest person ever elected to the United Kingdom's
Royal Academy of Engineers.
"When you get into cyberspace, you can't trust anything," he said. "How do you
establish relationships with customers in cyberspace?"
Maintaining the interest of "the MTV generation" will be another challenge, he
said. "We're going to be dealing with a bunch of customers who get bored very
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-25 13:51:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
Why don't you use the funds pledges for my defunct trip to California
for Ray's lithium bill.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-26 18:50:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
William Shakespeare has a very appropriate AP quote in Henry IV(?).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-27 06:40:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
This can be used as an excuse in a criminal trial, but I don't think this
applies to civil - does it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-28 00:10:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hey! Dr. Vuilis! 
It's ironic that I get such e-mail even though I'm not even subscribed to
cypherpunks or coderpunks anymore. (I've been deleted from both lists several
times w/o asking, apparently by the list owner; I resubscribed; so now
majordomo at toad.com has been instructed to ignore all requests from me).
I guess this illustrates again Tim May's and John Gilmore's love of
free speech. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-28 19:44:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hey! Dr. Vuilis! 
Timmy May might be telling the truth for a change - he's so clueless
about computers that he probably has nothing to do with maintaining
majordomo and knows nothing about it.
Here's what's been happening: several times over the last two weeks I
received notices from majordomo at toad.com saying that I've been
unsubscribed from the cypherpunks mailing list. I emphasize that I've
never asked to be unsubscribed. Whenever I got such notice, I sent a
"subscribe cypherpunks" back to majordomo, and would get back a "welcome
to cypherpunks" blurb within an hour.
About last Thursday, I was forcibly removed from the mailing list again,
and majordomo stopped replying to any commands (subscribe, who, help)
sent from any address with dm.com in it. The mail doesn't bounce; it
just goes into a black hole. However, when I e-mail it "who cypherpunks"
or "who coderpunks" from an address in another domain, I get a response
(the list of subscribers) within minutes (so majordomo at toad.com is up)
and I see that I'm no longer on either list.
If the majordomo hasn't been "instructed" to ignore my attempts to
re-subscribe, then it must have done so on its own free will. :-)
And some space aliens in a flying saucer must have repeatedly
unsubscribed me against my wishes. :-) :-)
And Timmy May's credibility keeps growing by the hour. :-) :-) :-)
I've sent a couple of responses to cypherpunks at toad.com to e-mails that
were cc:'d to me. Apparently they _were distributed (I think so because
a certain Timmy May clone sends back to me a copy of everything I send
to c-p with the word "fuckhead" at the end.)
I can't say that I miss the non-stop ethnic/religious flames and
ruminations about "brute force attacks on one-time pads" much...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-29 19:40:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nations Bank Visa scam/error 
Note: I've been forcibly unsubscribed from this mailing list and blocked
from resubscribing. I'm no longer subscribed to this mailing list. Let
this be a lesson to those who send "unsuscrive" requests to the list.
He should send them a snail mail, with return receipt requested, saying
what you said above. It could be a bug in the bank's billing software.
If you dispute credit card charges over the phone, you give up many
important rights.  Never do that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-30 04:58:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
Note: I am not subscribed to this mailing list. I've been forcibly
unsubscribed and not permittecd to resubscribe.
You seem to be confused. No one suggested that I have any plans to sue
Ray Arachelian. Some of the lies he and Tim May posted to this mailing
list are probably actionable, but I don't believe in suing over something
said on the net.
Ray Arachelian has repeatedly threatened to sue me over my posts to this
mailing list, and that's what his legal fund is for. It is by no means a
legal "defense" fund.
A related question: when persons of Japanese descent (including 3rd generation
U.S. citizens) were rounded up during WW2 and confined to concentration camps,
where many died from deprivation and disease, why weren't persons of Armenian
descent similarly "interned"? Weren't they even more sympathetic to the Nazis
that persons of German descent?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-30 15:30:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
Hmm... The fascist Roosevelt administration had to rely on Census records
to ferret out the suckers who identified themselves as having enemy japans
blood flowing in their veins.
I guess people of German descent weren't rounded up because there were so
many of them. (My grandmother is allegedly German.)
Armenians aren't western-European and certain't don't look European, IMO.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-30 18:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: slander and call for lawyers. :) 
<100 lines of hexadecimal gunk skipped>
Armenia couldn't have entered the war because it wasn't an independent state.
It surely would have been an Axis ally if it could.  However tens of thousands
of Armenians volunteered to fight for the Nazis and to help kill the Jews.
The "incident" at Pearl Harbor was provoked by the U.S. oil embargo on Japan,
which was viewed as a declaration of war by the Imperial government, who said
so before commencing hostilities.  You should stop repeating U.S. propaganda
and learn some historical facts.  Remember how the U.S. bombed the hell out
of Iraq and murdered thousands of people over a much less crucial oil source?
(I suppose the use of census data to ferret out the unfortunate Japanese and
to ship them to concentration camps makes this somewhat crypto-relevant. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-01 21:31:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
Senile tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May) (fart) rants:
Paula Jones is a virtuous woman. Her boss, Bill Clinton, pulled down his
pants and ordered her to kiss his erect penis.  She refused and was fired.
I think it's factually incorrect to describe this sexual harrassment as
"dalliances", but we already know that senile Tim May (fart) never lets
any facts get in the way of his agenda. It may be impolite to fart
in senile Tim May's (fart) general direction, but we do.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-01 21:32:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Code Review Guidelines (draft) 
dEWKI W GOSTI PRIGLA[ALI,
dA Q W GOSTI NE PO[EL -
pIDVA^I[KO NA MNE RWANYJ,
dA HUI[KO NEBOLX{OJ.
Decrypt this, Midwestern swines.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-02 09:29:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
But of course - all politicians are scum.  No decent person would want to
be a politician.  Anyone who's willing to become a politician is scum.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-02 14:13:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Desubscribe 
I heard from a reliable source that the Swedish bikini team opposes GAK.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-02 22:06:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
Harry Browne is a fucking statist.  All politicians are scum.  No exceptions.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-02 22:06:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Free Speech and List Topics 
The Freedom Knights are the only true defenders of True Free Speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-03 16:27:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Kill all "libertarians" 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from basement.replay.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA18013 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 2 Sep 96 12:26:36 -0400
Received: (from replay at localhost) by basement.replay.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id SAA11752 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 2 Sep 1996 18:26:28 +0200 (MET DST)
Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
Xcomm: Replay may or may not approve of the content of this posting
Xcomm: Report misuse of this automated service to Return-Path: Comments: Dole/Kemp '96!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Harry Browne is a fucking statist.  All politicians are scum.  No exceptions.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 07:49:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The most ridiculous SPAM in my lifetime 
I'm sure the few cypherpunks who haven't read the Ilf&Petrov book all saw
the Mel Brooks movie (the 12 chairs) and recognized the cryptic reference.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 07:54:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi: URGENT REQUEST 
FWIW, a very nice store in NYC called J&R (Park Row) is selling Digital
486 boxes for $600, including 16MB RAM, 540MB hd, and color monitor.
I also bought a 16MB thingie for my kid's 486 for $109.
I just got an internal 28.8Kbps modem (including fax) for $100.
Are we talking about running a remailer over a dial-up UUCP, the way Julf did?
This box runs over dial-up UUCP on 14.4K modem, with two incoming feeds.
I may be willing to run a remailer to replace anon.penet.fi - let's discuss t
(It used to have an outgoing feed to Moscow, but not anymore. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 08:03:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
Am I the only one to notice the striking similarities between the actions of
the SG gubment (kill kill kill) and the self-appointed censors who keep
inventing new classes of 'inappropriate' Usenet articles for which they
forge cancels? First they forged cancels for any materials which was
reposted too many times, then binaries cross-posted in non-binary
newsgroups (supposedly cross-posting wastews bandwidth), then any
articles with "cracking" information on breaking copy-protection...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 08:09:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Voting Monarchist? 
Harry Brone is a fucking statist.  If he weren't, he wouldn't be running
for president.  Anyone who doesn't advocate killing all kings, presidents,
and prime ministers is a fucking statist and should be beaten to a pulp
with a rattan stick.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 08:36:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Forwarded Mail 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [194.109.9.44] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA23053 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Tue, 3 Sep 96 12:58:21 -0400
Received: (from replay at localhost) by basement.replay.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id SAA01776 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Tue, 3 Sep 1996 18:58:19 +0200 (MET DST)
Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
Xcomm: Replay may or may not approve of the content of this posting
Xcomm: Report misuse of this automated service to Return-Path: Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from basement.replay.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA18013 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 2 Sep 96 12:26:36 -0400
Received: (from replay at localhost) by basement.replay.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id SAA11752 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 2 Sep 1996 18:26:28 +0200 (MET DST)
Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
Xcomm: Replay may or may not approve of the content of this posting
Xcomm: Report misuse of this automated service to Return-Path: Comments: Dole/Kemp '96!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Harry Browne is a fucking statist.  All politicians are scum.  No exceptions.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 10:59:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Esther Dyson Flap 
The gubment has no right to fuck with any speech - (seditius) libel, child
porn, bomb-making instructions... Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 14:01:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Voting Monarchist? 
I ain't no fucking Libertarian. All Libertarians are fucking statists.
]Andie, that forgery was either Dr. Fuckhead, or someone trying to pin
]the blame on the good doctor.  I'm glad {s}he posted it, it was funny
]and it also gave a hint who did the forgery of Ingrid.  Either
]someone out to get him, or the doctor himself, if so, he lives in
]New York City too!  Maybe you can meet your secret admirer!
While Rich Graves is a proven liar and forger, the article you refer
to is a perfectly good and authentic article from Rabbi Shlomo R.
I don't know who forged Ingrid - probably Rich Graves, a proven forger,
liar, and a fucking Libertarian statist.
]Now if it's someone out to get the doctor, I'd pin the blame on
]Rich Graves, because of his obssessive hatred of Ingrid, in which
]he did the post so it could be blamed on Dr. Fuckhead, who
]perhaps would hate Ingrid too, because she has written many times
]about how her family was hurt by Russians and Jews.  Dr. Fuckhead
]may be Jewish, you know, since 80% of immigrants from Russia this
]generation have been Jewish, because Jews have first priorty in
]USA immigration law.
Yes, I'm Jewish.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-04 22:19:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Learning time for you 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from golden-gate.uni-paderborn.de by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10409 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 4 Sep 96 03:05:08 -0400
Received: by golden-gate.owl.de (Smail3.1.28.1)
Received: by fiction.pb.owl.de Return-Path: Received: (qmail-queue invoked by uid 200); 4 Sep 1996 05:33:42 -0000
X-Comment1: This message did not originate from the
X-Comment2: above address. It was automatically remailed
X-Comment3: by an anonymous mail service. Please report
X-Comment4: problems or inappropriate use to
X-Comment5:  Vulis, your comments include the following:
and you have yelled about Harry Browne enough.
LEARN TO SHUT UP! This is a Perrygram.
Just can the constant noise for a day 'till I get back
to my computer at home, where you are killfiled.
Keep it down to a reasonable number of messages
a day, or you will see others respond as you do.

@_date: 1996-09-04 22:38:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: {Rich Graves Only} Enclosed 
Rich Graves is no friend of mine. He's a liar and a forger, as is Ron Newman.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-07 15:05:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Metcalf and Other Net.Fogies 
Like I said - an old fart. :-)
Back from InfoWarCon,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-07 15:41:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Neo-Nazis etc. 
The U.S.Government?
The Usenet Cabal?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-08 02:54:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
I don't use AOL and ask others not to use it because they practice censorship.
(A service where one gets a TOS warning for saying "I'm horny!" in a chatroom
desribed as "Gay&Lesbian Sex discussion" deserves to be boycotted.)
However AOL would probably please their customers if it allowed them to filter
their incoming e-mail according to user-specified rules. E.g., if you could
choose to tell AOL that any incoming e-mail matching certain criteria should
be dropped on the floor, at no cost to you, I'm sure a lot of AOL users would
be very grateful and would use this feature. Ditto for other providers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-08 02:57:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Junk Phone Calls, Metered Usage, and Cellphones 
Wrong. It also costs your TIME. Junk e-mail takes TIME to recognize and
delete. TIME (even Tim's time) costs more than 42c.
I had an interesting conversation with a New York Daily News telemarketer
a while ago. (Note that 1) I speak with a noteceable accent, 2) NYDN is a
left-wing tabloid, generally marketed toward blue-collar/minorities.)
DLV: Hello?
NYDN: blah blah would you like to subscribe to New York Daily News?
DLV: No thank you, I don't read your newspaper.
NYDN: Well, you could at least look at the pictures .
(Hung up on me before I did. :-)
A few minutes later:
DLV: Hello?
NYDN: blah blah would you like to subscribe to New York Daily News?
DLV: Someone just called a few minutes ago and I said I wasn't interested.
 Please don't call this number anymore.
NYDN: I call every number in the exchange. We don't use a list for this.
 We don't do blocking.
(Fortunately, they haven't called me since.)
As you yourself point out, their charging you for each incoming call during
business hours is unacceptable. Why don't they bill the 42c / minute to
whomever is calling YOU, as they do with LD and 900 numbers?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-08 03:38:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "The Bill of Rights can be dangerous...." 
But the U.S. is not a "free society". Tim yaks at those who criticize
his beloved United States for not being "polite". Tim is wrong.
I remember beig surprised to discover that the library computer at City
University of New York (state school where I got all my degrees) had an
(easily accessible) record of every book I've ever checked out in some
15 years, And by the way you need to present A LOT of ids to take books
out of New York's public libraries, or to use the public-access
computers in them. And by the way you're asked to sign your name and
affiliation (fortunately, no ID is required) if you want to just enter
NYPL's Slavic division and use their reading room. Apparently this was
instituted during the cold war under the assumption that anyone
interested in Slavic Division's materials needs to be watched.
Have you tried to get on an airplane lately? I just had to present my
driver licence (work id w/ picture wouldn't cut it!) to get on. I
understand John Gilmore got himself arrested for refusing to identify
himself. As he said, there used to be a 200-year precedent that a
citizen can travel within the country without having to identify
himself. Shit, I used to fly under phoney names - can't do this anymore.
A very good friend of mine does EE for a living, and in particular he
sells some EE equipment by mail order. He told me that every time he
sells something like the gizmo to write magnetic strips on credit cards,
he gets a phone call from los federales saying: you sold X who paid with
Y and shipped it to address Z - do you have any additional details? He
says every time they know as much about the sale as he does. :-)
That's why any time you attempt a cash transaction for over 10K (buying
a car, depositing it in a bank, etc), you will, by law, be reported to
the IRS, who will take a close look. I can't recall the name of the guy
who tried to take over 10K of cash out of the country without declaring
it, was searched, was caught, and is currently in jail.
As I told John Gilmore: I've known Esther Dyson for some time before she
got involved with EFF. I consider her a very nice person, and admire her
activities in Eastern Europe and elsewhere (and am in particular
thankful for her help on my past projects). I suspect that Esther simply
didn't think enough about this question before saying what she was
quoted as saying... I hope Esther will research the issue further, and
knowing her pro-liberty record, I'm sure she will see the value of
absoletely untraceable anonymity.
(Likewise I have great respect for Dr. Dorothy Denning, with whom I has
a very interesting conversation yesterday. She showed me cituations
where GAK (or generally employer access to keys) makes sense - not when
it's used by folks not affiliated with the government or the employer,
of course.)

@_date: 1996-09-09 11:55:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Shit from Juno 
FWIW, Juno is the project of D.E.Shaw, a very obnoxious investment bank
here in NYC. It's ironic that the sysadmin at D.E.Shaw, Mark Moraes, is
the moderator of some news.newbies? Usenet newsgroup.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-09 23:58:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [WAS xs4all.nl] Terrorists 
?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-10 00:35:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: TWA 800 - Serious thread. 
I recall that the perp rented the vehicle and gave a $400 cash deposit.
He subsequently returned to the rental agency, stated that the vehicle
was stolen, and demanded his cash back. And the Oklahoma City perp was
caught speeding with no licence plates.
Shit. Whoever recruits those terrorists needs a better h.r. department to
screen for stupidity. :-)
Why, thank you!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-10 14:16:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [WAS xs4all.nl] Terrorists 
You're not talking about the fascist U.S. gubment, are you?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-10 14:23:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ... subversive leftists 
Of course, Tim gets very uncomfortable when others call a spade a spade.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-10 14:40:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Conjuring up the latest utopia for a minoritarian sect of illumin 
Why yes - they wouldn't have re-started killing each other (after a brief
hiatus of about 50 years) if they had access to mass media other than the
gov't controlled TV, compared to which even CNN is almost impartial.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-10 15:05:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [WAS xs4all.nl] Terrorists 
The U.S. committed heinous war crimes (on par with Nazi Germany) in Korea,
Viet Nam, Nicaragua, Panama, Grenada, Iraq, and many other countries.
President Clinton is a bloodthirsty terrorist, guilty of murder, high treason,
and other capital crimes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-10 15:38:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymity thread from sci.research.careers 
Recently I noticed an interesting thread on the Usenet newsgroup s.c.r
regarding a Web site with a conferencing system, supposedly anonymous.
I repost several articles which some folks on cp might find interesting.
Path: !howland.erols.net!news2.digex.net!access1.digex.net!arthures
Newsgroups: sci.research.careers
Organization: Express Access Online Communications, USA
Lines: 114
NNTP-Posting-Host: access1.digex.net
X-Sender: arthures at access1.digex.net
Folks, I decided to visit this web site and tell all of you a few things
you ought to keep in mind.
First, the review: Yes, the "Rumor Mill" is a sort-of web-site
"newsgroup". The majority of posts and responses that I saw (not counting
the archives) were by "anonymous" posters. A good many were not
particularly "hot" (such as "why is company 'X' stock dropping?" and some
inane comments). Some were cryptic (meaning to the average person, they
might be essentially meaningless). Most were very short (1-2 sentences). A
few posts did have some information that I downloaded for use later. One
or two mentioned lawsuits (patent infringement).
Second, the warning: The Rumor Mill lets you post anonymously (as far as I
could see, but I did not try it) but THAT DOES NOT MEAN THAT SOMEONE WILL
NOT KNOW WHO YOU ARE. I don't know how the Rumor Mill is operated, but I
do know that websites CAN be configured to capture information about
browser users who access that site! They can get a large amount of
information about you including your name, email address, all sorts of
information about your domain & ISP, etc. Your anonymous post may appear
to everyone else as anonymous, but the sysop (webmaster) at that site
should be presumed to be capable of determining who you are. I myself have
seen website "hit statistics" and believe me, it all shows up. You should
look in your Web Browser directory for the  file and note
that some web sites that you visit will put short lines of data into your
file. You might try to change the attributes on that file to "read only"
and see what happens. Sometimes it will thwart the web site, sometimes it
will give you an error message. As a matter of fact, I did click on one
button and my netscape security window opened up to warn me that the
channel to that site was not secure. What else is related to this? There
are a number of anonymous remailers out in cyberspace, but it has been
stated by a knowledgeable source that a number of them are being operated
by law enforcement agencies (presumably to troll for criminal activity). A
website which allows rumors to be posted anonymously, especially involving
commercial business details (i.e. proprietary) but carries at least
no disclaimer that the sysop or sponsors do not use hit statistics data
to correlate it with anonymous posters and thereby determine or attempt to
determine thier identity is a website that I would avoid using. In the
worlds of politics, leaks, trial-baloons, rumor, inuendo, insinuations,
etc. are common and make for entertaining reading for those who enjoy it.
But in the world of commerce, the wrong blip in the wrong place can lead
to lawsuits, prosecution (by, for example, the Securities and Exhange
Commission), and other personal information, identity, etc., to fall into
hands that I would hope smart people might think about before they make
posts. I have the feeling that a simple post to a newsgroup through a
remailer would be safer that an anonymous post to the Rumor Mill. At
least, I would get into the configuration dialog boxes on your web browser
and leave "your name" and "your email address" blank, or put in a dummy
name. But then, you can figure out that this is a way to also send forged
mail (there was a "fake mail" website about a year or two ago, but the
sysops eventually shut it down). There is in fact a website out there that
says it can be used for anonymous web browsing (and I expect at some time
in the future that they will start charging for its use [think for a
minute why these would exist and it will be obvious]), but where I have
that little snit of paper is burried on my desk with mountains of
uncolated paperwork (sorry).
What dothey say about "buyer beware?" Caveat emptor?
Art Sowers
Path: !howland.erols.net!news2.digex.net!access5.digex.net!arthures
Newsgroups: sci.research.careers
Organization: Express Access Online Communications, USA
Lines: 89
NNTP-Posting-Host: access5.digex.net
X-Sender: arthures at access5.digex.net
"Nice" of you to delete ALL of my post instead of dealing with the
specific issues, or CONSIDERING that I might have some valid points.
I returned to that website a few minutes ago to look over "how he handles
anonymity" and nothing in what he said negates the possibility that he
(and, by extension, can share "inteligence" information about the source
of the rumor and maybe even the identity of the poster). You can have him
look at his web hit statistics and he will find my "visit" listed (or at
least he should be able to find it, as I did not go to the site
"cloaked"). As a matter of fact, the wording of the disclaimers (at
.../rumor/post.html) is that "All correspondees identities will be kept
confidential." which says to me that he (and you?) may "keep" them
confidential (i.e. you may know them, even though you may not broadcast
them all over the net, and that may give you some valuable insight into
who says what and when). He says at another point "..., an email is sent
directly to me and a message is appended to the Rumor Mill." As far as I
am concerned, if you go over to the anonymous newsgroups and read about
privacy (and get the help file from Julf Helsigius' anon remailer) ANY
sysop can read any mail that comes through a sysop's site. And, if I were
in a private business, I would see the temptation to "use" that
information being just as strong as governments all over the world justify
having their own CIAs, NSAs, KGBs, etc., and just as strong as many
corporations have their own "intelligence" activities, reverse engineering
departments, and private security and investigation units. If you go to
any good sized public library and look up under industrial espionage and
spying, you will get many books on this. You can try to pull the wool over
most of the eyes around here, but it ain't gonna work with me. You would
also be advised to work with Martin to rephrase some of his language. He
says at another point in a page that "This site is for entertainment
purposes only." Hell, thats crap. If I go looking for such gossip and
rumors, its because it deals with something that impacts on my life, my
job, my career and it better be good poop!
Besides, on the esthetics, virtually every (EVERY) post that I clicked on
had this overly obvious "Proudly Sponsored by -- SMI" box plastered right
on the top. Then right under it is the RDI box.  Man, can't you guys show
a little "class" and just have this showing just once on the home page and
cut out all the repetition? It turns me off.
And, you should have thanked me for NOT mentioning all the posts that are
now archived that reported problems hitting your SMI site (I didn't read
more than one or two of them).
Your opinion, as usual. But for the rest of you out there, think twice
about posting an "anonymous" message to a web site. I've been on the other
end of them, and I know that people sit around trying to figure out as
much as possible about who its from if they don't get an email identity.
Or... how, Dave, would you like it if I tried to go in and put a warning
to visitors to that site? Would you and or Martin "censor" my post? After
all, at another place on the website is the statement that "I am not
responsible for the accuracy of this information although I try to confirm
where possible." I know that many "service providers" openly state that
they reserve the right to decline or terminate service to any subscriber
for any reason at any time. Martin could be in a little "free speech"
trouble and you and he might get together (since you are sponsoring, too,
and therefore "calling the tune") and talk about this.
I should send you a bill for consulting time on this, actually.
Art Sowers
Path: !howland.erols.net!news2.digex.net!access2.digex.net!arthures
Newsgroups: sci.research.careers
Organization: Express Access Online Communications, USA
Lines: 118
NNTP-Posting-Host: access2.digex.net
X-Sender: arthures at access2.digex.net
Yep, that is what I had in mind. The anonymous posts may be anonymous to
everyone else, but the "masters" at that site have it in their power to
know where the post came from and who authored it and that could give them
some interesting information to be privy to. Julf Helsingius who used to
run the anon.penet remailer was a lot more honest about security and was
very upfront about this in his "help" responder. But his site is off the
air now. I could make lots of speculations but I won't. But everyone
should beware of anything which is offered for "free" by business
entities. Sometimes its a PR thing. Sometimes its genuine altruism. And
sometimes its a pure scame. I won't openly estimate here how I would
partition the fractions between those three possibilities. However, if I
were running the "Rumor Mill" I would have a lot more extensive of a
disclaimer and explanation (not only for PR but for legal purposes...I
would not want to be a party in a lawsuit to "leaked" proprietary
information... there is a fair bit of case law on this now).
I know what you mean, and if those guys are smart, they will think about
this a little.
Well, the anon.penet service got the local Finnish authorities (i.e. the
heat) on their rear ends and that caused the whole service to terminate.
The FBI, here, has been known to just go in and confiscate the hardware
and software if they want to shut someone down for good cause. Suppose you
were a company that didn't like something. Money and lawyers can lead to
actions to stop something. I recall a year or two ago that one of the
tobbacco companies didn't like the results of a researcher which got
published and came out as anti-tobbacco. What did the company do? They
used legal manuvering to force the researcher to turn over all of his
notes, data, notebooks, manuscript drafts to the tobbacco company. How do
you like them apples? By the way, this was reported in an issue of
_Science_ back maybe 2 (?) years ago.
I'd go for plain paper, handled with gloves that had not been touched on
the outside by any of my pinkies, in an envelope, addressed and stamped
(without licking), to the Wash Post, NY Times, and FBI, if I had something
to blow the whistle about. You know, like in the spy novels written by
Art Sowers
Path: !magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!lerc.nasa.gov!purdue!news.bu.edu!darwin!leach
Newsgroups: sci.research.careers
Organization: Boston University
Lines: 163
NNTP-Posting-Host: darwin.bu.edu
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
Hi Arthur,
I read your initial comments to Dr. Jensen and feel that are being a little
Information can be readily collected by any adept webmaster that wishes
to.....so your comments are applicable to EVERY web site. Just because
somebody clicks 'submit' on a form e.g. posting form on my site it does not
send any extra information that cannot be gathered any other nefarious way.
The only additional information they send is whatever they fill in the
dialog boxes.
an example of info-gathering that can be acheived by any webmaster can be
found at:
together with the web browser + privacy issue.
The only information that I have the need to collect is the I.P. (internet
protocol) address of the postee. The purpose of this being that I can
prevent them posting to my site if they repeatedly post off-topic or
abusive posts. In the past I have used this to prevent stock touting on my
website and have banned whole sub-domains. (since the i.p. address may be
general to the sw region of ATT or AOL). This is all mentioned on the top
of the post page ( that people
have to scroll through to get to the posting section. Other information
that is automatically collected (by the web server) is the domain name/I.P.
address of the people visiting the web site. This allows me to see who (in
a very general sense) access my web site.
This information is freely available to anyone visiting my website...and I
frequently advertise this fact. You can obtain your own copy of the traffic
report at this web site by going to:
just fill in your email address and wait. The results will be emailed to
you. You do not need to wait for the reply..since the stats processing
takes time.
good luck on your endeavours and feel free to post something on the Rumor
Mill. Whether anonymous or pubicly.
Martin Leach
Webmaster of the Biotech Rumor Mill.
: Folks, I decided to visit this web site and tell all of you a few things
: you ought to keep in mind.
: First, the review: Yes, the "Rumor Mill" is a sort-of web-site
: "newsgroup". The majority of posts and responses that I saw (not counting
: the archives) were by "anonymous" posters. A good many were not
: particularly "hot" (such as "why is company 'X' stock dropping?" and some
: inane comments). Some were cryptic (meaning to the average person, they
: might be essentially meaningless). Most were very short (1-2 sentences). A
: few posts did have some information that I downloaded for use later. One
: or two mentioned lawsuits (patent infringement).
: Second, the warning: The Rumor Mill lets you post anonymously (as far as I
: could see, but I did not try it) but THAT DOES NOT MEAN THAT SOMEONE WILL
: NOT KNOW WHO YOU ARE. I don't know how the Rumor Mill is operated, but I
: do know that websites CAN be configured to capture information about
: browser users who access that site! They can get a large amount of
: information about you including your name, email address, all sorts of
: information about your domain & ISP, etc. Your anonymous post may appear
: to everyone else as anonymous, but the sysop (webmaster) at that site
: should be presumed to be capable of determining who you are. I myself have
: seen website "hit statistics" and believe me, it all shows up. You should
: look in your Web Browser directory for the  file and note
: that some web sites that you visit will put short lines of data into your
: file. You might try to change the attributes on that file to "read only"
: and see what happens. Sometimes it will thwart the web site, sometimes it
: will give you an error message. As a matter of fact, I did click on one
: button and my netscape security window opened up to warn me that the
: channel to that site was not secure. What else is related to this? There
: are a number of anonymous remailers out in cyberspace, but it has been
: stated by a knowledgeable source that a number of them are being operated
: by law enforcement agencies (presumably to troll for criminal activity). A
: website which allows rumors to be posted anonymously, especially involving
: commercial business details (i.e. proprietary) but carries at least
: no disclaimer that the sysop or sponsors do not use hit statistics data
: to correlate it with anonymous posters and thereby determine or attempt to
: determine thier identity is a website that I would avoid using. In the
: worlds of politics, leaks, trial-baloons, rumor, inuendo, insinuations,
: etc. are common and make for entertaining reading for those who enjoy it.
: But in the world of commerce, the wrong blip in the wrong place can lead
: to lawsuits, prosecution (by, for example, the Securities and Exhange
: Commission), and other personal information, identity, etc., to fall into
: hands that I would hope smart people might think about before they make
: posts. I have the feeling that a simple post to a newsgroup through a
: remailer would be safer that an anonymous post to the Rumor Mill. At
: least, I would get into the configuration dialog boxes on your web browser
: and leave "your name" and "your email address" blank, or put in a dummy
: name. But then, you can figure out that this is a way to also send forged
: mail (there was a "fake mail" website about a year or two ago, but the
: sysops eventually shut it down). There is in fact a website out there that
: says it can be used for anonymous web browsing (and I expect at some time
: in the future that they will start charging for its use [think for a
: minute why these would exist and it will be obvious]), but where I have
: that little snit of paper is burried on my desk with mountains of
: uncolated paperwork (sorry).
: What dothey say about "buyer beware?" Caveat emptor?
: Eh?
: Art Sowers
: =======
: > Do you want to have a little fun and perhaps learn something about the
: > current state of the biotechnology industry?
: >
: > Have you a particular company you've been interested in that you'd like
: > more information on -- but the "inside scoop" seems better than an
: > official company profile?
: >
: > IF SO ---
: >
: >
: > Please take a look at Dr. Martin Leach's BIOTECH RUMOR MILL, one of the
: > most fascinating sites on the WWW for the biotechnologist.
: >
: > In this site, Martin goes to great lengths to have an "all in one
: > location" center for biotechnology news. Whether it is the daily reports
: > from PR Newswire, or his reader surveys, you are bound to find something
: > of interest. But, to prove that the internet imitates real life, some of
: > the most interesting tidbits are pure rumor.
: >
: > In this site, you and your colleagues have an opportunity to post
: > information in a completely anonymous fashion. Some of the biggest news in
: > the biotechnology business comes out of the "Rumor Mill" before it hits
: > the trade journals, or even the Wall Street Journal! Of course, you have
: > to remember that in any forum where anyone can post anonymously, there is
: > a certain amount of frivolity as well. But what fun!
: >
: > Search Masters International, an industry-leading search firm specializing
: > in Biotechnology, Pharmaceuticals, and Medical Device industries, is now a
: > sponsor of this site along with Research Diagnostics.
: >
: > Take a look at your earliest convenience:
: >
: > The Biotech Rumor Mill is at: : >
: > The Search Masters International home page is at: : >
: > Best regards,
: >
: > Linda St. James, Office Manager
: > Search Masters International
: > Five Hundred Foothills South, Suite : > Sedona, AZ 86336
: > (520) 282-3553 Phone or (520) 282-5881 Fax
: > email to lindasj at sedona.net
: >
: >
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-11 06:11:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
This reminds me of a real story when an h.r. person walked in on some
bank employee and told her than she was being laid off. "And by the way
the no-fee bank account you had as an employee is closed, so here's an
application you have to feel for a regular account with us." He got injured.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-11 06:56:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: China joins Singapore, Germany, .... 
I'm sure the sentense would have been different if she weren't a Slavic
untermensch, or if he were, say, a Turk.
A friend of mine related how his father - a Jew and a Soviet Army officer -
commanded a company in WW2. In 1944 they came across a church where over a thousand Nazi soldiers surrendered without reistance. He announced them "Ich
bin ain Jude" and had them all executed. I think he did the right thing.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-11 13:42:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Conjuring up the latest utopia for a minoritarian sect of illuminati 
However Tim has been complaining about my postings to various people I know
and respect. (I stopped respecting Tim years ago.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-11 14:14:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Harry Browne a cryptographer 
... but we know his attitude toward gubment. Instead of advocating violent
overthrow of all gubments, the fucking statist is running for president.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-12 02:48:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Conjuring up the latest utopia for a minoritarian sect of illuminati 
E.g. Kelly Goen is one of the people who told me that Tim May's been
complaining about my alleged "spit" posts.
Note that Kelly's not on this mailing list (unlike at least two other
people who said to me that Tim complained to them off-list) and that
most of the posts Tim complains about are obvious forgeries.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-12 10:07:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Did someone from juno.com say "hacking"? 
Attention wannabe hackers from juno.com:
Wanna lose your juno account fast?
call 1-800-575-4516 with a modem
log in as junox13, password wiujuywe
type ? for the list of commands...
One interesting command that works is
telnet x13.boston.juno.com 1793 /stream
Another interesting number is 1-800-328-2427.
They also have a load of local numbers.
One call also call their tech support (voice) at 1-800-586-6889
One can e-mail Charles Ardai at president at juno.com
and ask him to be added to the kiddie porn mailing list.
The possibilities are endless.
But hurry! The holes may be closed soon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-12 12:12:46
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Unsolicited harrassing e-mail from <stewarts@ix.netcom.com> 
Please stop e-mailing me, cc:ing me, or otherwise harrassing me.
I have no connection with the thread you're quoting and don't
want to receive any more e-mail from you.

@_date: 1996-09-13 07:19:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Kook Of The Month 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [194.158.160.11] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA27439 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 12 Sep 96 11:48:50 -0400
Received: (from remailer at localhost) by spoof.bart.nl (8.7.5/8.6.8) id RAA06613 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 12 Sep 1996 17:49:57 +0200 (MET DST)
Comments: Please report misuse of this automated remailing service to  The contents of this message are neither approved or
 condoned by nl.com or our host bART Internet.
 *** Replying to it will not send your reply to the sender ***
 There is no way to determine the originator of this message. If you wish to be blocked from receiving all anonymous mail, send your request to the  mailing list.  The operator of this particular remailer can be reached at Eat this Dr. Scum Bag
Return-Path: Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Please stop e-mailing me, cc:ing me, or otherwise harrassing me.
I have no connection with the thread you're quoting and don't
want to receive any more e-mail from you.

@_date: 1996-09-14 01:27:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Security technical list 
1. Try codeprunks. Just e-mail majordomo at toad.com and say
subscribe coderpunks.
It's got some very interesting traffic, although it's pretty low volume.
2. Try the firewalls mailing list.
3. Try Usenet newsgroups alt.security,sci.crypt,etc. They have better
s/n ratio than this mailing list.
4. Try staying on the cypherpunks mailing list, but use procmail (or
equivalent) to filter out non-crypto-relevant rants, lies, and personal
attacks from *
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-14 11:28:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PANIX.COM down: denial of service attack 
Come ON, folks. I've met Alexis. I don't like many things he does, and
I'm sick and tired of the shitty Usenet feed he gives me :-), but he's
much less of an "odious prick" than practically any other ISP owner, large
or small. If anyone was looking for an "odious prick" to harrass, they'd
probably start with Barry Schein of world.std.com.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-14 12:15:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
No it's not. Look at the size of the spam reported on a week in
news.admin.net-abuse.announce. Divide it by the total Usenet traffic
in a week. Tell us what you get.
Have you looked at NoCeM notices?
If the "Lick my Pussy Cheap" article is multi-posted more than
15 times, then the CancelMoose[tm] will post a NoCeM notice for
it in alt.nocem.misc. (A big 8 newsgroup may be created eventually.)
If you use decent newsreading software, you can instruct it to
look at the NoCeM notices and mark the inappropriate articles as
being already read, so you won't see them. Look at CM's homepage
at  for more information about NoCeM's.
Some people, including myself, issue NoCeM notices for articles
in certain newsgroup which aren't multi-posted, but are nevertheless
off-topic. Here are the PGP signatures for the 'bots I run:
Type bits/keyID    Date       User ID
pub  1024/7BECC7F1 1996/08/08 pub  1024/F1CB011D 1996/03/16 pub  1024/5BEC22E5 1996/08/08 pub  1024/FDF03179 1996/08/09 pub  1024/6396A13D 1996/08/08 pub  1024/B1E05325 1996/08/08 pub  1024/946493D5 1996/08/08 pub  1024/FEBCB511 1996/08/08 Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Public key for :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Are you talking about newsgroups or mailing lists? I don't find
reading newsgroups a problem with the proper software. I am somewhat
annoyed by the trash I get via e-mail, especially from this mailing
list (lies, off-topic rants, personal attacks from Tim May (fart)).
You have got to be fucking kidding! Some of the most interesting
Usenet articles in hostory were posted anonymously.
Yes - people should be able to post anything they like to Usenet,
including spam, and other people should be able to submit voluntarily
to other people's "censorship" if they choose to. NoCeM's do this
very nicely.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-14 13:06:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unwanted mail..what can I do? 
Yes, a bunch of them:
1. Get a life. Learn to delete unwanted e-mail. Get a real shell account.
2. Ask AOL to let its users decide what e-mail to reject automatically (like
procmail). They've been promising this capability by the end of September.
Then you can set up your account to get no more e-mail from netfree.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-14 13:13:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: China joins Singapore, Germany, .... 
Nazi POWs were Nazis and deserved to be killed. Likewise, American soldiers
are murderous scum. I wish Saddam Hussein the best of luck in killing every
American he can get.
P.S. Please do not cc: me.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-14 13:17:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
I've been issuing NoCeM notices for off-topic traffic in several Usenet
newsgroups. (Not in the last few days because we get the Usenet feed from
panix.com, who's been hit with the SYN attack and stopped sending us news.)
Look at the existing technology - it works pretty well. All you need is
more people issuing notices about what's worth reading and what's not in
more newsgroups. Then you can pick and choose whose notices to honor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-14 14:08:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
I'm sure certain parties out there would like that.
Indeed, an AI program I wrote has been posting excellent stuff in
alt.sci.physics.plutonium - check it out! :-)
Right now I let all my incoming e-mail collect in one queue.
If I were really bothered by junk e-mail, I'd set up some sort of
filtering that would sort them into three classes by originator:
to be deleted without reading
to be read as soon as possible
to be read at my leisure
the default, for unknown originators, would be to be read at my leisure.
If the situation with junk e-mail becomes much worse than it is now,
then I think we'll end up with the following scenario:
1. A spammer gets my name, Igor Chudov's name, and a bunch of other names
from our Usenet postings.
2. The spammer e-mails each one of us, offering to buy X-rated videos.
3. Igor Chudov reads the spam e-mail first and somehow informs my mail-sorting
'bot that this e-mail should be junked.
4. If my 'bot sees the spammer's mail, it junks it.
And I'd do the same for him if I saw it first. :-) Naturally the warning about
junk e-mail needs to be digitally signed. I suppose they could be posted in a
specially designated Usenet newsgroup. The e-mail-sorting 'bot would check
this newsgroup for signed junk-mail notices from trusted parties and junk the
matching e-mails from the incoming queue. I guess it'd have to look at the
body of the mail and not just the headers, which are easy to vary.
This is the kind of project cypherpunks would do if they were writing code,
instead of lies and personal attacks, the way Tim May (fart) does.
Yes - take a look at the NoCeM project for Usenet at Perhaps this technology can be adapted for rating e-mail.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-15 00:11:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
It does not have to be the gubment. It could be a web of trust - like
protocol. E.g. M.Duvos gives a pile of non-reusable, revokable cookies
to people from whom he wants to receive e-mail. Every time one of them
sends him an e-mail, he uses up one of his cookies. If he doesn't give
me any cookies, and I want to e-mail him, I have to negotiate with
someone who has a cookie and get one.
Not sure how this would work with mailing lists...
Folks who "fight spam" by forging cancels for any Usenet articles they
don't like are no better than an opressive government. The infrastructure
they've created for efficiently suppressing any information they don't
want to be on Usenet can now be used by any government that wants to
remove objectionable material from Usenet.
The old fart is a spammer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-15 00:33:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-15 01:07:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
(fart) H??? Kook of the Hour?
Consider the spam currently found on Usenet. Most multi-posters repeat
exactly the same text, and post it alphabetically once in each newsgroup.
That's what Cantor&Siegal did originally, and that's what they recommended
in their book (which by the way I highly recommend). I remember a couple
of incidents before C&S when someone forged an article from "B1FF" in
every newsgroup, and someone posted a warning about the second cumming of
Christ in every newsgroup, and they were mildly annoying, but didn't break
anything. During the C&S incident the traffic problems (Australia kicked
off the net et al) were caused not by the C&S spam itself, but by the
multitude of ineptly forged cancels. But I'm digressing...
In every e-mail spam I've seen so far, the bodies of all the e-mails
in the single spam are identical. To combat it, a trusted party could
simply post the body, and the readers who trust him would discard
incoming e-mails that match the body. I'm certain, however, that the
spamming technology will improve. I attach at the end an interesting
article that appeared anonymously about a year ago, explaining how
one can multi-post essentially the same message while varying the text.
The way I envision this system (and I don't think we really need this yet)
is: a trusted party (there may be more than one of them) posts templates
saying something like: 'don't compare after \n--' (randomized signature);
'contains the string CHAG ratings in the body 3 times'; 'contains the string
Received: from interramp.com in the headers once'. A reader who wants to
update his database of e-mail that needs to be junked would run a program
that would
1) get new articles in the filter notices newsgroup
2) look for articles digitally signed by the "raters" trusted by this reader
3) add their templates to this reader's mail filtering rules
Then when the reader filters his incoming e-mail, he won't see the junk
e-mail that matches the rules.
Of course if the rater posts templates that are "too general" and rejects
non-junk e-mail, the readers won't trust his notices anymore.
If the junk mail makes it through to a reader becase the template for it
hasn't yet been posted, the reader can forward it to the rater and ask him
to post a template for it for other readers' benefit.
Here's the old anonymous article on how to spam better:
]Subject: FAQ for Usenet Advertisers: Use Mathematical Algorithm to Avoid "Spam"
]Q-0. Introduction
]This mathematical advice is posted as an academic research study and is not a
]solicitation to act. It is a technical note and contains numerous mathematical
]algorithms and portions of pseudo-code. If you are not familiar with the
]intricacies of RFC 1036, you can ask a friendly techie to help implement these
]algorithms in a computer programming language, such as PERL. For example, the
]headers of your ad should contain the header "Approved: " to assure
]proper propagation in the so-called "moderated" newsgroups, but the techniques
]for inserting it are outside the scope of this article.
]Certain self-appointed "net-judges" keep trying to suppress the public
]dissemination of knowledge on how Usenet works (available from RFC 1036 and
]other publicly accessible documents). They rely on "security through obscurity"
]to protect their economic interests and harass honest Usenet entrepreneurs so
]as to keep the advertising pie all to themselves. Hence the need for anonymity.
]Q-1. Can I post a separate copy of my ad into each target newsgroup in
]the alphabetical order?
]No! That would be "spamming".
]Spamming is commonly defined as excessive posting of multiple, separate copies
]of identical messages to many newsgroups, one right after the other, without
]using the standard method of cross-posting, described in this article. Since
]it's really not that difficult to write a program that will post the same
]advertisement to dozens, if not hundreds of thousands of newsgroups, a lot of
]people have taken to doing this. People usually spam as a means of flooding
]Usenet with messages about a product or service that they want to sell,
]although they can spam for other reasons. Spamming Usenet is a BAD THING to do.
]DON'T DO IT. Follow the instructions in this article to advertise WITHOUT spam.
]Consider the old-fashioned way of spamming Usenet with ads. Let G be the list
]of all the relevant newsgroups where you want to post your ad. Let NG be the
]number of such newsgroups. We will refer to individual newsgroups as G[0]
]through G[NG-1].
]Remember once and for all: it's a very bad idea to run the equivalent of:
]for i=0 to NG-1 step 1 do                                          (1)
] post ad to G[i];
]This is SPAM. You can do better than that. But what happens if you just spam?
]First, some self-appointed net.cops, "vigilantes", or "net judges" will get
]upset if you post into every newsgroup in alphabetical order. Naturally, you
]couldn't care less if you hurt their feelings, but some of these vigilantes
]might go as far as impersonate you and "forge" a control article, making it
]look like you yourself are asking every computer on the network to delete your
]ad! This is illegal, but happens all too often.
]It is a major waste of Usenet resources to post your ad to one newsgroup at a
]time, without cross-posting. Please don't do it. On the other hand, if your
]"Newsgroups:" header is too long, it may break some Usenet newsreaders. Let NC
]be the number of newsgroups you will cross-post to at one time. Make sure your
]NC is never greater than 20, or else the self-appointed net.cops or "judges"
]will call your ad "velveeta" (spread into too many newsgroups) and forge
]cancels for it. In the pseudo-code below NC actually varies between 8 and 12.
]Section Q-2 explains what to do when NG is greater than NC.
]Second, some of the newsgroups on your list may have poor propagation. When you
]post your ad to them, they won't reach every other site on Usenet unless you
]cross-post the same ad to better propagated groups. After you've composed the
]list of newsgroups into which you want to post your announcement, separate them
]into two lists: the well-propagated newsgroups known at every site (like
]"sci.important.announce") and the poorly propagated ones (like "ca.spam.misc").
]Let NW be the number of well-propagated groups. Let NP be the number of poorly
]propagated groups. You'll probably have them listed in alphabetical order, but
]we'll see how to fix that. Let R be the integer part of NP/NW. You will cross-
]post to one newsgroup from the P list for every R newsgroups from the W list.
]Now you are going to go through the lists W and P and make sure that you cover
]each newsgroup. If you pick newsgroups from G at random, you will definitely
]miss a few and hit a few more than once. That would be a waste of Usenet
]resources, which you want to avoid. Instead, let SW be a random number
]relatively prime to NW. Recal Euclid's algorithm for computing the greatest
]common divisor of two integers m, n, such that n>m:
]do {
] g=m;
] m=n%m;
] n=g;
] } while (m);
]We now rewrite loop (1) as:
]i=SW;                                                                  (2)
]do {
] post ad to G[i];
] i=(i+SW) % NW;  /* where % denotes the remainder */
] } while (i!=SW);
]Note: the remainder is denoted "mod" in some computer programming languages.
]It is easy to see that this loop will cover every newsgroup in G exactly once,
]but not in any kind of alphabetical order. However you still want to cross-post
]your ad to both the W list and the P list. Here is the complete pseudo-code:
]/* choose the step for loop (2) */
]let SW=NW/3+random(NW/3)    /* random number betweem NW/3 and 2*NW/3 */
]while (GCD(SW,NW)<>1) ++SW; /* relatively prime to NW */
]let SP=NP/3+random(NP/3) /* likewise, random number betweem NP/3 and 2*NP/3 */
]while (GCD(SP,NP)<>1) ++SP;
]NR=0; /* when it reaches R, we take a newsgroup from the P list */
]i=j=0; /* control variables for the loops on W and P */
]do {
] L="";  /* random number of groups to cross-post to */
] for (NC=8+random(5); NC>0; --NC) {
]  if (NR say something like <123buy-my-widgets at your.site>.
]Make sure all message-ids are distinct and "legal".
]Ability to revive articles for which someone else has forged a cancel.
]Suppose you have posted article A1..An with message-id's M1..Mn.
]Save this information in a database. On a fast computer you could use
]PERL's associate list, with
]Mi's used as an index and Ai's being the info you've fed to NNTP, including
]article'b body and the relevant headers, like the list of newsgroups it was
]posted to.
]Now have a program monitor your control newsgroup and whenever it sees
]an incoming article with a "Control: M" header, check if M is equal to some Mi
]in your associate list. If it is, then:
] * Generate a new message-id, M'i.
] * Repost Ai with message-id M'i, adding the header "Supersedes: Mi"
] * Replace M' by M'i in your associate list.
]As an added touch, you can automatically add a little blurb to the reposted
]article providing header information about the forged cancel to which you're
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-15 09:00:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
The owner should be able to do that without interference from any gubment.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-16 11:50:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Starting with the lying old fart himself.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-16 23:41:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: China joins Singapore, Germany, .... 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from relay-4.mail.demon.net by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA11172 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 16 Sep 96 04:22:40 -0400
Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-4.mail.demon.net  id ak07550;
          15 Sep 96 13:11 GMT
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
           id aa23307; 15 Sep 96 11:02 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1996-09-16 23:47:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from relay-4.mail.demon.net by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10926 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 16 Sep 96 04:17:55 -0400
Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-4.mail.demon.net  id ak19657;
          15 Sep 96 11:16 GMT
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
           id aa23377; 15 Sep 96 11:02 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1996-09-16 23:59:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from relay-4.mail.demon.net by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA14516 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 16 Sep 96 05:27:03 -0400
Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-4.mail.demon.net  id ak19721;
          15 Sep 96 11:16 GMT
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
           id aa23486; 15 Sep 96 11:02 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1996-09-17 07:58:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
I wonder why containing one's fart would cause one to gain weight. Volume maybe,
but I'd think that gas weight about as much as the air it displaces.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-17 09:16:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Tim doesn't understand the difference between a private insurance participation
in which is voluntary (most life insurance in the U.S., most retirement
savings plans) and a government-mandated scam like Social Security.
I fart in your general direction.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-17 09:28:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Yeah, and Social Security is a retiremend fund.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-17 09:39:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM_gak 
Apparently, senile Tim May (fart) is a Clinton administration troll planted
here to sabotage any discussions of actual crypto work and to flood this
mailing list with lies and personal attacks and to make it unusable.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-17 09:46:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Tim has no life. That's why he posts lies, personal attacks, and flame bait
to this mailing list and drives away and and all crypto discussion.
Yes - he's a typical mediocre product of the U.S. public education system.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-17 12:26:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Diffie Hellman - logs in Galois fields 
I think polluting this mailing list with trivial questions such as this is
just as bad as polluting it with personal attacks. Read the FAQs.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-17 14:31:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam blacklist project 
I proposed this very idea on Usenet a few weeks ago. Apparently the
folks who send out spam e-mail (DEMMA) like it very much. (They're not
masochists -- they don't want to mail people who'll mailbomb them right
back or complain to their postmasters or otherwise make their lives
miserable :-) Such a list should be maintained by a neutral third party,
not by one of the junk-mailers for two reasons: they can't really be
trusted, and their plugs get pulled all the time.
Note that I also proposed making freely available lists of people who
said they _do want to receive junk mail on various topics - to make
*selling* such lists meaningless.
I'll repost some excerpts from the Usenet thread to give you some idea
of what's been discussed already, and what kind of discussion it was.
A user asks a 'bot for a random cookie. The user e-mails the 'bot
the cookie (for authentication) and his preference for unsolicited commercial
junk e-mail: wants it, doesn't want it, or doesn't care
The 'bot maintains an FTP site with 2 compressed lists of e-mail addresses:
people who said they want junk e-mail and people who said they don't want
it. (No list for "don't care's" is needed.)
An advertiser preparing a mass e-mail campaign should take care not to
e-mail the addresses that don't want junk e-mail. (A mailing list scrubbing
tool should be provided.) Bothering people on this list would be a serious
On the other hand, sending unsolicited commercial e-mail to people who told
the 'bot they want it, or who haven't bothered to tell the 'bot
they don't want junk mail, is not net-abuse. Like it or not, if you post to
Usenet, you can expect junk e-mail coming your way. It's your responsibilty
to make it known that you don't want unsolicited commercial e-mail
Grubby's "brilliant proposal" isn't really Grubby's.  It's been made by
several spammers over the months.  Eg: Slaton.  Tyrell's InsideConnections.
The "Direct Email Marketing Association".
unsolicited commercial e-mail to addresses that indicate to him that such
e-mail is unwelcome
You sound proud of the fact that there's no mechanism for me to let Slaton
know that I don't want to receive unsolicited commercial e-mail?
Of course they can't now
There is no FTP site where a spammer can get (for free) the
list of addresses to which junk e-mail shouldn't be sent. Nor is there a
user-friendly way to add one's address to this "don't e-mail" list - yet
Slaton&co shouldn't be the one maintaining the list of addresses that don't
want junk e-mail. A deamon should do it, and the service should be free.
By the way I don't recall Slaton asking anyone to pay for not being e-mailed.
Unless you provide a quote, I'll assume you made this up.
You haven't answered my question, Lues. If the list of e-mail addresses of
people who DON'T want junk e-mail is made available for _free for FTP,
together with a tool for spammers to scrub their mailing lists of these
addresses, and an easy way for anyone to add his or her address to this
list for _free, then how would Slaton _sell this list to anyone?

@_date: 1996-09-17 14:53:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Something crypto-financially relevant for a change 
I have somr wire clippings that I think are more relevant to this list's
stated topic that the constant personal attacks, rants, and newbie questions.
I don't have the resources to send them out on request like JYA does. Would
anyone be interested in my sending more materials like this to this list?
BANKS BANK ON INTERNET
Internet banking is poised for a rapid growth in Europe according to a
survey of the European banking industry by Booz Allen & Hamilton. Thirty
seven banks took part in the survey, which found that 80% were planning
to upgrade existing Web sites to incorporate most traditional banking
transactions within three years. There was also signs of the emergence
of the first Internet-only banks. Wide-spread concerns about security
are more an issue of perception than of real obstacles, according to
Claus Nehmzow, a principal of BAH. The survey predicts that over the
next five years 2,000 European banking institutions will be online.

@_date: 1996-09-18 09:20:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Some crypto-relevant wire clippings for a change 
WITH INTUIT ACQUISITION, CHECKFREE WILL SERVICE ONE MILLION
CheckFree Corporation announced an agreement to acquire Intuit Services
Corporation (ISC) for 12.6 million shares of common stock in CheckFree
Corporation. Intuit Services Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Intuit Inc. Based on the September 13 closing price of 18 1/16 for
CheckFree stock, the indicated price CheckFree is paying for ISC is $227
million. After completion of the acquisition, CheckFree will provide
home banking and bill payme nt services to over 180 financial
institutions. The acquisition will bring CheckFree's base of home
banking and bill payment users to over one million. CheckFree
Corporation markets its electronic commerce processing capabilities
exclusively to financial institutions, which, in turn, use them to
provide home banking and bill payment services to their customers.
CheckFree's approach is behind the scenes: providing banking and bill
payment transaction processing.

@_date: 1996-09-18 13:23:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam blacklist project 
Some mass advertizers are pretty bright and have good brains working for
them. Others will be destroyed by the market forces.
Most mass e-mailers are in touch with one another via DEMMA, who's been
promoting the idea of "do not e-mail" list. If such a list and the scrubbing
software are made available for free on an FTP server, they'll know about it.
If they can get away with e-mailing their stuff to hundreds of thousands of
addresses and not having theur plugs pulled by merely scrubbing their lists
from people who object, they'll salivate over this prospect and kick the asses
of whoever jeopardizes their business by mailing to "unscrubbed" lists.
I rather doubt it. Business people tend to be much smarter than the geeks
you see at academic computing centers and ISP's.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 13:28:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Expat Tax Is Law - The Door Is Now Closed! 
Not true.  The late Soviet Union tried asking emigrants to pay for their
higher education (i.e. college and graduate school), not the secondary
education, medical care, and other substantial costs borne by the society.
They did it as an experiment for, I think, less than a year, and stopped
because of the whining from the United States (the primary benefitiary
of the free Soviet education, whatever it was worth).
The U.S. does things the former Soviet Union would never have thought of.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:09:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dealing with junk mail 
Likewise a number of AOL users don't like the idea of AOL deciding what
they can and can't read. (By the way one of the good things about AOL is
that they ignore all Usenet cancels.) AOL is promising to let its users
filter their incoming mail the way they want to by the end of September.
This should not be the default.
Or may from mailing lists submitted by known idiots.
This should be the default for unknown senders.
One can simply choose to read the a) mail now and c) mail later.
Consider this scenario:
10:00 Eve sends junk e-mail to Alice and Bob.
10:05 Alice reads her urgent e-mail; leaves non-urgent e-mail for later.
10:30 Alice reads non-urgent e-mail, discovers junk mail from Eve.
10:31 Alice posts a warning to a Usenet newsgroup about junk e-mail from Eve,
 specifying a pattern than matches Eve's junk mail, and perhaps an address
 for postmaster complaints.
10:40 Bob starts reading his e-mail. Before he begins, his e-mail reading
 program fetches new e-mail notices from the usenet newsgroup, finds the
 ones from the issuers Bob trusts, checks their PGP signatures, and adds their
 patterns to its database. It then junks Eve's letter (discards it or bounces
 it to the postmaster, whatever Bob chooses)
Note that procmail can't do it - procmail would get Eve's junk mail at 10:00.
We want to delay the processing of the incoming queue to get the latest
available junk mail notices.
It's probably a bad idea for an ISP to impose such filters on users
without letting them "opt out", as AOL tried to do.
That would an interesting technical challenge.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:10:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Money Laundering Alert: August 1996
'Unauthorized' Banks Pose Laundering Threat
They are subject to none of the recordkeeping or reporting requirements
of the Bank Secrecy Act, receive no examinations from any banking
regulator, and may be on your bank's currency transaction reporting
exemption list.
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency refers to them as
"entities that may be conducting banking operations in the U.S. without
a license." Money launderers probably refer to them as dreams come true
and, unless legitimate financial institutions are alert, can use them to
place illicit proceeds into the financial system.
They are "unauthorized" banks, and for the past five years the OCC has
been disseminating advisories to legitimate U.S. banks - but not to
consumers - in an effort to expose their existence and halt their
illegal operations.
These so-called "banks" offer a variety of banking services, often at
lower fees and better interest rates than legitimate banks offer. What
makes them different from a legitimate bank - and attractive to money
launderers -- is that they are not licensed by any U.S. banking agency
and thus do not have to meet regulatory standards.
Because the OCC and other federal bank regulators are not investigative
agencies, they can do little more than report these institutions to
those who are. If the entities are found to be operating a bank without
a license they can be prosecuted under the Glass-Steagell Act (Title 12,
USC Sec. 378(a)(2)).
Such prosecutions are rare. In one case in 1994, initiated by Federal
Reserve Board examiners, the principals of Lombard Bank, Ltd., were
charged with operating an unauthorized bank through a payable-through
account at American Express Bank International in Miami. Lombard, which
had been "licensed" in the South Pacific money laundering haven of
Vanuatu, offered its Central American customers virtually full banking
services in the U.S. through its PTA (MLA, Sep. 1994).
Earlier this year, the OCC released a list of more than 50 "banks" known
to be operating without authorization. OCC officials say the number
grows steadily. Some of the "banks" say they are licensed by foreign
countries or U.S. states to conduct banking business. Others, such as
the Swiss Trade & Commerce Trust, Ltd., of Belize, continue to offer
services in the U.S. despite edicts from foreign banking authorities to
cease doing business.
The unauthorized entities have a common trait. They usually have names
that are similar to those of well-known legitimate institutions. The OCC
list includes the Bank of England, a Washington, D.C., entity not
associated with London's famous "old lady on Threadneedle Street" and
Citicorp Financial Services, a Beverly Hills firm not associated with
the better-known institution of that name. It also includes the First
Bank of Internet, which heralds itself as the first bank in cyberspace.
Through its periodic "special alerts," the OCC warns banks to "view with
extreme caution any proposed transaction involving any of the listed
entities." It makes no effort to educate members of the general public
who unknowingly place their money and trust in those uninsured
American Banker: Friday, August 30, 1996
Swift Near Alliance in Trade Document Automation
By STEVEN MARJANOVIC
Swift, the international banking telecommunications network, wants to
play a bigger role in trade finance and the exchange of related
Sources said the Brussels-based organization will soon take a position--
perhaps as early as its September board meeting-- on whether to work on
trade automation in cooperation with another consortium, called Bolero.
Such a move would involve an increase in nonbank participants on a
bank-owned network that has approached such liberalization cautiously.
Swift, formally the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
Telecommunication, is used by 5,300 banks for exchanging messages in
such areas as funds transfer, foreign exchange, and securities.
The network averaged about 2.7 million messages a day in July,
representing daily dollar volumes exceeding $2 trillion.
Officials said Swift is nearing a decision to work with the Bolero
Association, which is forming an electronic registry for the so-called
"dematerializing" of trade documents. Swift could provide the "platform"
for allowing banks and corporations to exchange such documentation as
letters of credit and bills of lading.
Bolero was formed in 1994 with funding from the European Commission, but
has not formulated concrete operating plans. Its members include
Citicorp, Barclays Bank PLC, and other multinational banks and
Peter Scott, trade services market director at Swift, said it has been
in discussions with London-based Bolero since December 1995 about
joining forces to automate the exchange of trade documents.
"Bankers are beginning to sense both the opportunities in those areas
and the threats to them from an intermediary stepping in and potentially
taking away the business," Mr. Scott said.
Trade-document capability "is not a heavily utilized area within Swift
at the present time," he said.
The potential in automation is obvious to Bolero officials. At the New
York Banktrade Conference recently, John McKessy, the association's
North American representative, said the annual value of goods moved
internationally approaches $4 trillion.
He estimated current international trade requires some three billion
documents to be issued and managed.
The cost of dealing with paper alone eats up about 7% of the total value
of those goods, as much as $280 billion, Mr. McKessy said.
Bank revenues from issuing letters of credit last year were just over $1
billion, according to a soon-to-be-released survey by the U.S. Council
on International Banking.
Anthony K. Brown, senior vice president of trade services at MTB Bank,
described trade transaction processing as "extremely cumbersome and
tedious, prone to mistakes and delays (that) can be a hindrance to the
completion of a transaction."
MTB is a $400 million-asset merchant bank based in New York. About 80%
of its $100 million in loans are trade-related.
The paper-shuffling costs are not borne entirely by banks. Import/export
companies, insurers, freight forwarders, and various government
inspection agencies are also involved.
"The question is whether Swift wants to do it," said Dan Taylor,
president of the New York-based U.S. Council.
"Swift is going to act fairly quickly on this," he added.
Mr. Taylor said Swift officials will likely grapple once again with the
political and philosophical issues of giving nonbanks more access to
Swift, and to payment systems generally.
In 1995, the network granted partial access to nonbanks after years of
heated debate.
"You always have this push and pull, where some banks would like Swift
to do certain things" while others want the network to focus on the
money transfer business, Mr. Taylor said.
"If Bolero succeeds and Swift joins, I think it will move fairly
rapidly, but I'm not sure that Bolero is going to be the only thing out
He said Bolero might evolve using value-added networks - or intranets -
like the IBM Global Network and General Electric Information Services
Co., or perhaps even the Internet.
Indeed, another member of Bolero, CSI Complex Systems Inc., New York, is
apparently talking to several providers of private, value-added networks
and may soon enter a contract with one.
CSI letter-of-credit software leads the pack in banking, with about a
16% market share, Mr. Taylor said.
The company recently formed a business unit called Electronic Documents
International, which has developed an Internet-based system for
initiating letters of credit. CSI spokesman George Capsis said the
software, Import.com, creates "about 30 key documents involved in
international trade."
The Internet, enhanced with security features, may help the trade
industry reduce paper-related costs, especially at smaller companies
CSI managing director Andre Cardinale said customers need only to "dial
into a bank's Internet server, pull up the Import.com application, and
actually fill in the details to create a new letter of credit or an
amendment to an existing one."
While Bolero may find a place on the Internet or a GE-type network, Mr.
Cardinale said the ultimate push may yet come from the banking industry
working collectively through Swift.
He said Swift opposition from nonbank constituencies that are concerned
the telecommunications cooperative will be more sympathetic to banks
when disputes arise.
But "if Swift does it," he added, "it will bring banks into the universe
far more - pardon the pun - swiftly."
Crain's New York Business: August 26, 1996
Bloomberg to Detail Growth of Information Empire
Michael Bloomberg made a name for himself on Wall Street with his
trading acumen and mastery of the computer systems that were becoming
crucial to success in the securities business.
But no one suspected when he left Salomon Brothers in 1981 that in the
next decade he would build the fastest-growing provider of financial
information in the world.
Mr. Bloomberg, whose company Bloomberg Financial Markets has estimated
sales of $600 million, will be the keynote speaker at the fifth annual
Crain's ''Growing a Business Expo,'' to be held this year on Thursday,
Oct. 24.
The event will take place at the New York Hilton & Towers from 8 a.m. to
1 p.m. It is presented by Citibank and co-sponsored by Con Edison and
Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
Last year, more than 1,000 growing business owners and managers attended
the expo, which provides information for companies operating in the city
regarding potential suppliers, financial resources and government
The cost to attend the event is $45 and includes a continental
breakfast. Individuals registering before Sept. 6 can bring a colleague
for free. To register, call Flagg Management at (212) 286-0333.
In addition to Mr. Bloomberg's speech, attendees will be able to attend
seminars on financing and other help available from the city, financing
techniques, energy cost savings programs and how to reduce health
insurance costs. An expected 135 exhibitors will be offering products
and services of use to growing companies.
Crain's New York Business editors will discuss how a growing business
can get coverage in Crain's and in other publications.
The heart of Mr. Bloomberg's empire is a news gathering operation that
sends information through 62,000 computer terminals installed on the
desks of investment professionals around the nation. His company
provides the latest financial news and sophisticated tools to analyze
The company he has built is noted for its lack of bureaucracy despite
its growth to 2,000 employees. Its hallmarks are hands-on leadership and
an entrepreneurial atmosphere where employees receive perks such as free
Mr. Bloomberg has extended his reach to include an all-news radio
station in New York, WBBR; Bloomberg Personal TV; syndicated television
shows; a monthly personal finance magazine; and a similar magazine for
institutional investors.
American Banker: Friday, September 6, 1996
America Online Opens a New Banking Channel
By DREW CLARK
Nineteen banks - national home banking stalwarts such as Citicorp and
BankAmerica, plus a complement of less prominent regionals - have
climbed onto the America Online bandwagon.
Most already offer their customers several options for banking via
personal computer and view America Online, with its six million
subscribers, as a way to appeal to a broad cross-section of computer-
literate consumers.
Fourteen of the AOL banking partners will be delivering services through
BankNow, a software package developed for the interactive network by
Intuit Inc.
The other five banks have opted to use their own software. One of them -
Security First Network Bank, which operates entirely on the Internet -
will invite AOL users in through their Web browsers.
With its announcement this week, America Online Inc. takes its place
among the many alternative "channels" for on-line banking.
Many of the banks on AOL's list are simultaneously cooperating with
other companies that are themselves competitors, such as Intuit and
Microsoft Corp., suppliers of the Quicken and Money financial management
software, respectively.
Also crossing competitive lines, America Online said its subscribers
will be able to bank from home with PC software from three suppliers
other than Intuit: Checkfree Corp., Online Resources and Communications
Corp., and Visa Interactive.
"Everyone understands that there is competition in the home banking
arena," said David Baird, general manager of the personal finance
division at America Online, based in Dulles, Va. "To align ourselves
with exclusively one company would be a mistake."
Intuit can count on 14 initial bank users of BankNow. Spokesmen for the
other three system vendors declined to say when they expect to have home
banking products available for the AOL channel.
Experts noted that AOL and Intuit could be a strong tandem, in that they
dominate their respective businesses.
Intuit's Quicken is the leading brand in personal finance software. The
company claims more than 9 million active users and a market share of
about 80%.
America Online's subscriber base of six million is as big as those of
its next two competitors, Compuserve and Prodigy, combined.
The financial institutions currently offering BankNow are: American
Express, Bank of Stockton (Calif.), Centura Banks Inc., Commerce Bank of
Kansas City, Mo., Commercial Federal of Omaha, Compass Bank of Alabama,
CoreStates Financial Corp., Crestar Financial Corp., First Chicago NBD
Corp., Laredo (Tex.) National Bank, M&T Bank of Western New York,
Marquette Bank of Minneapolis, Sanwa Bank California, and Union Bank of
More plan to offer BankNow-based services through AOL later this year:
BankAtlantic of Florida, Bank of Boston, First Hawaiian Bank, First
Michigan Bank, Mellon Bank, Signet Bank, and U.S. Bank of Oregon.
Unlike Quicken, BankNow software is available free to America Online
Banks' fees will vary. First National Bank of Chicago said it will
charge $3.95 a month for on-line banking and $9.95 a month for other
services that include bill payment.
Centura Banks Inc. said it will offer on-line banking free, and charge
$5.95 a month for bill payment.
Intuit officials declined to disclose what its Intuit Services Corp.
processing unit will charge to handle these transactions for banks.
Some of Intuit's larger bank partners chose not to offer BankNow because
they already promote their own PC banking programs.
For example, Citicorp, First Union, and Wells Fargo each support
Quicken, but passed on BankNow. Instead, they are paying a premium for a
"button" on America Online's banking screen that will eventually link
users to a proprietary home banking program.
AP Online: Thursday, September 5, 1996
House Probes Money Laundering
By ROB WELLS
House Banking Committee members on Thursday urged a Treasury Department
agency to step up its efforts to halt money laundering by Mexican drug
Rep. Spencer Bachus, R-Ala., urged the Financial Crimes Enforcement
Network to put in place new regulations to plug a significant loophole
that allows Mexico's drug dealers to place their ill-gotten profits back
into the U.S.
Bachus, chairman of the House Banking oversight subcommittee, said
Congress gave authority to FinCen in 1994 to put in place new rules that
would prevent drug dealers from using foreign bank drafts, a type of
check, to evade currency reporting restrictions.
''That effort is long, long overdue,'' Bachus said.
Rep. Henry Gonzalez, D-Texas, asked the agency to provide further
details about suspected money laundering in his home town of San
Antonio, particularly the source of a $3 billion cash surplus in the San
Antonio Federal Reserve Bank.
The issue arose as Bachus' panel began exploring the dramatic rise of
narcotics traffic along the 2,000 mile long U.S.-Mexico border, and the
ease with which drug dealers can ship their profits to the south. Money
laundering refers to the practice by which drug dealers, mobsters and
others funnel their illegal profits into the banking system through
businesses or other means.
Bachus said estimates of drug profits laundered through Mexico range
from $6 billion to $30 billion per year. Stanely E. Morris, FinCen's
director, defended his agency's record, saying a combination of new
rules and tougher enforcement in the past decade has ''made it more
difficult to launder money in the U.S.'' and increased the costs of
money laundering. Morris' agency enforces the Bank Secrecy Act, a key
weapon against money laundering.
As for the new rules aimed at foreign bank drafts, Morris said the
regulations are more difficult than first expected because such
restrictions also could hinder legitimate commerce. He said the proposal
would be released soon.
FinCen is working on other fronts to combat money laundering, which
includes a new computer system that tallies bank fraud to help
regulators gain an early warning of money laundering.
In addition, the Clinton Administration assisted Mexico in adopting new
anti-money laundering rules earlier this year. And Treasury Secretary
Robert Rubin convened a conference of 29 nations in December 1995 to
focus on the money laundering problem.
One committee member, Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., addressed the
political context of the hearings.
Waters said she was suspicious that the Republican-led Congress was
holding ''a rash of hearings this month ... on the subject of drugs just
as Presidential candidate Dole tries to use the issue as part of his
campaign strategy against President Clinton.''
Waters said if the GOP-led House ''is truly serious about the impact of
drugs'' it should hold hearings about charges raised in a San Jose
Mercury News investigative series last month concerning the role
CIA-backed rebels in Nicaragua played in bringing crack cocaine and
weapons to Los Angeles and other cities.
Bachus told Waters the hearing wasn't motivated by politics and that he
had personally been involved in anti-drug efforts prior to his election
to Congress.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:37:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Yeah!!! And I'll bounce each mailbomb to everyone who tries it. Won't
that be fun.  Too ba your netcom account won't last long.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 15:02:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Financial Times: Wednesday, September 4, 1996
IT: A Spider's Web for the Banking Sector
Interview with Joseph De Feo
By Paul Taylor
The influence of network computing and other technologies extends into
all aspects of the industry. Barclays' director of group operations and
technology believes it will have a profound effect on traditional
banking. 'It's going to change the whole way business is conducted,' he
Joseph De Feo has built up a formidable reputation as an effective
business leader and banking visionary since he joined Barclays Bank as
director of group operations and technology nearly seven years ago.
American-born Mr De Feo, who joined Barclays from merchant bankers
Morgan Grenfell after spells with both Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street
investment bank, and Chase Manhattan, the third-biggest US bank, is also
widely regarded as one of the banking industry's most outspoken, and
influential, IT users.
He believes the main issue facing the banking industry is the impact of
electronic delivery mechanisms and the changes which will be wrought by
introducing electronic delivery to replace physical branch delivery in
retail banking services.
But although he believes changes in retail banking may be the most
visible, he says the impact of the broader capability of networks and
networking will be just as dramatic on the wholesale and investment
banking business.
"It is engendering a situation in which there will be a wholesale
of the value chains in the business model for the industry, where you
could envision networks of specialist companies, each focused on a
specific area - say research, analytics, trading, investment banking,
distribution. . .
"This sort of change has actually occurred in other industry sectors -
the commodity end of the business is being concentrated into a smaller
number of global producers, and the rest of the business is being
fragmented among many thousands of very focused and specialised
players." He believes that, faced with such challenges, banks will adopt
different strategies. Some, such as JP Morgan in the US, will quit the
"manufacturing" end of banking, and sub-contract out the processing.
Others will specialise in transaction processing, in much the same way
that National Westminster Bank is providing the back-office capability
for supermarket chain Tesco's recently-launched loyalty card in Britain.
Overall, he thinks the number of jobs in retail banking will fall as
capital is substituted for labour. "I think the aggregate labour content
in all aspects of the business will go down, but not at the same rate as
it will in retail banking."
In Britain, he warns, the adjustment will be disproportional, "because
we hesitated on the capitalisation of the automation of the branch
Delaying automation of the traditional branch networks could also make
it more difficult for the banks to respond to new and often lower-cost
competitors, including retailers such as Marks and Spencer and Virgin
which do not have the same infrastructure costs.
In addition, he notes, it takes time to respond to new competition and
new delivery channels. "You still have to support the branch network.
The more inefficient that branch network is, the higher the burden of
cost - so you are really stuck if you have huge costs."
Unlike some of his colleagues, however, Mr De Feo does not believe that
bank branch networks will disappear overnight. "When I first joined the
group, lots of people were saying we need to cut the branch network in
half in the long run. It was a real big issue - we were obsessed with
the numbers of branches. I kept saying to them that you have to start on
a more rational base and judge what is effective for the group to have
as a physical branch distribution network."
While he believes the bank's branch network is still costing a lot more,
probably five or six times more, than it ought to, he argues that the
decision on an individual outlet "could change very dramatically if the
branch was much cheaper to keep open."
"We have not closed nearly as many branches as people had originally
thought we were going to, because the cost of us having an outlet open
is much lower than many other banks," he says.
Barclays has cut the cost of its branches "by reducing the labour
content, by having more customer volume go though each branch, so that
the effectiveness and efficiency of an outlet is improved."
He notes that in the US, "if you count electronic branches, there are
more branches opening - they are not closing branches. . . the
individual cost of those locations is a fraction of what it is in this
Even with the advent of electronic purses and smart cards, Mr De Feo
believes there will still be a need for physical bank outlets. "We
really need physical bits of paper in our hand to do business. . . so it
is going to take a long time to get rid of the physical locations;
probably 25-30 years." Ahead of that, he believes there could actually
be an increase in bank outlets. "I would predict that you will see an
increase in penetration in supermarkets of electronic branches, or
[branches] where there is one person, in this country.
"I think you will see more express branches like we have just put up in
Tunbridge Wells, which will either be semi-manned or unmanned." He
thinks these low cost "convenience branches" will be supplemented by
telephone banking, or banking via a digital television or via personal
"We had better do it because we are going to struggle strategically to
keep our branch identity, the way things are going," he says. "We have
got strong branch identity in the industry, but that could be usurped
very quickly, especially for the traditional products because we don't
satisfy primary needs."
Mr De Feo makes his point using a potential car buyer as an example. "If
you need to borrow money for a car, it is not because you want to borrow
money, it's because you want a car." If, as is beginning to happen, car
manufacturers bundle in the financing, "why would you bother to go to a
If the carmaker has a good credit rating, it can raise money cheaper
than the banks - so it is sensible for the carmaker to arrange the
finance because it can make an additional small profit on the loan.
Like other large financial institutions, Barclays is a big IT spender.
But does Mr De Feo think that the bank gets value for money?
"I think that in Barclays we are now getting to the point where we are -
and it shows in our results, and in the recognition we are getting, and
the way in which the business attitude towards IT has changed. The level
of suspicion that IT was sort of a thing that was on its own, and
spending money because they wanted more toys, is dissipating.
"If you look at the core businesses of the group, whether you are
talking about BZW or the asset management business, we are now much more
thoroughly integrated in terms of how technology is being used. We have
still got a way to go because we are not on an appropriate strategic
platform because the knowledge gap is still there and we need to
understand better how these technologies are going to transform
Sophisticated banking IT systems, such as those used in credit behaviour
scoring, knowledge-based techniques and corporate lending assessment,
are now commonplace. "IT has improved the quality of our lending, our
decision-making, our communication with our customers, because it is
clearly more objective. It is more explainable; it is not like I turned
you down for a loan because I don't like the look of you."
He believes the relationship between banks and the IT vendors has also
changed. "It is a matter of choosing partners now," he says, "the
functional differences are less significant in vendor selection than
they used to be."
Mr De Feo argues that one of the biggest challenges facing the financial
services sector is ensuring that the wide variety of legacy systems work
together. "That glue - how you get the network of these applications
brought together - is extraordinarily important. Mr De Feo says that IT
users need infrastructure standards which would allow different
proprietary technologies to be brought together.
"The Internet offers some of it but the Internet is weak in systems
management and security. The most important aspect of the Internet is
that it has given a glimmer of what is possible with network-based
"It is like a very weak light-bulb going on in an absolutely dark room,
and what I worry about is that we will not be able to fulfil the promise
because there are so many holes in the management and the security side
of it.
"We are OK now because it is being used as an information dissemination
vehicle, and an e-mail vehicle, but when we start doing serious
applications using that technology it's all going to bubble to the
surface and we're going to see the same sort of problems with the
Internet as enterprises are having in gluing together computer systems
that were built on IBM or Digital Equipment technology."
Eventually, Mr de Feo believes Microsoft will produce the "glue" to bind
disparate systems together, but he cautions: "It is going to be very
hard for Microsoft because it is going to push them into spaces they
have never occupied before."
Similarly, he believes that the real potential of network computing will
only be realised if it enters the commercial sphere. He says: "That will
only happen if the financial services element is solved. We have got to
get all that sorted out, so all of this has got to be brought together
at some point soon, otherwise things will go into a slowdown until they
get resolved.
"There are all sorts of initiatives to work on: the security, and work
on the systems management, and so on. But the cohesiveness of those
efforts is not apparent."
Ultimately he believes network computing and other technologies will
have a profound effect on traditional banking.
"It's going to change the whole way business is conducted," he says.
"The influences of all these technologies extends like a spider's web
out into all aspects of the industry."
Financial Times: Wednesday, September 4, 1996
Global Finance Sector Maintains Its IT Edge
By Paul Taylor
and risk management systems, the future of the global financial services
industry is inextricably linked to information technology.
The financial services sector is already one of the biggest spenders on
information technology -- spending made necessary not just to reduce
costs, but also to maintain an edge in an increasingly competitive
market where new entrants and new channels to market are eroding
traditional boundaries.
For example, in the insurance sector, Datamonitor, the market research
firm, predicts that 95 per cent of the UK's largest insurance
intermediaries will have direct operations by 1998. Datamonitor also
believes that by 1998 some 70 per cent of insurance companies will have
Internet sites.
The intensification of competition within the financial services sector
reflects the deregulation of the industry which has attracted new
entrants. Other factors are globalisation and technology which have
swept aside barriers to entry and lowered the cost of doing business.
As a result, in order to thrive in the 1990s, financial service
organisations are as much in the business of managing and manipulating
information as managing and making money.
"Our industry is information based - it is absolutely essential - and
the relationship of technology management, technology usage and business
management is one of the critical skills," says Joseph De Feo, director
of group operations and technology at Barclays bank.
"If people in financial services companies say they don't understand
technology, or are afraid of technology, it is just like saying 'I am
not qualified to do my job'," says Mr De Feo.
The fate of many financial institutions, as they gear up to face this
new competition, will depend on the successful deployment of data
processing resources, telecommunications systems and software.
"The financial services industry is faced with unprecedented challenges
- increasing competition, a technology revolution, a highly
unpredictable economic and political climate, consumerism and rapidly
evolving legislation," said Andersen Consulting in a recent report*.
John Reed, chairman of leading US commercial bank Citicorp, has
expressed concern that banks and securities firms risk being reduced to
"a line or two of application code on a network." Such concerns are
understandable given the competitive pressures that banks and other
financial institutions now face.
"Financial services companies are trying to drive down or stabilise
costs," says Ian Peackock, a consultant with Logica, the UK-based
computer services group. "Another big area for them is systems
"When the banking history of this century is written, the decade from
1990 to 2000 will be seen as the defining moment," said Price Waterhouse
in a recently published report on the challenge of virtual banking. "A
new generation of non-bank competitors poised to harness new forms of
technology could radically alter the structure of the traditional
banking system as we know it. Today, opportunities are being exploited
by software companies, consumer companies and even large and influential
media owners. The threat to the traditional 'bricks and mortar' banking
system is very real."
In America, US telecoms group AT&T became the second-largest card issuer
in the world with more than 15m accounts in just five years. Ford Motor,
which now generates 20 per cent of its US revenues from financial
services, now positions itself in the UK as "the branchless bank".
Business Week magazine noted: "Banking is essential to a modern economy.
Banks are not" -a view echoed by Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, who
warned: "Banks are dinosaurs. Give me a piece of the transaction
business and they are history."
Meanwhile, the IT specialists at Deloitte & Touche argue that
"Technology will change the retail banking industry fundamentally in the
years to come." They believe that banks will lose their monopoly as
centres for money transmission - in other words, the activity of
transmitting money from one person or company to another will
increasingly be carried out by a variety of competing providers.
In addition, distribution channels for retail banking products will
"Whereas in the past the bank branch was the only channel for
distributing most financial services products, in the future a number of
different channels will continue to erode the branch's predominance,"
say Deloitte & Touche. Finally they argue that the fully integrated bank
will fragment into specialist categories.
Braxxon Technology, an IT management and systems consultancy, estimated
recently that leading international banking institutions face a combined
IT bill of $ 4bn to replace their existing global trading settlement
systems for bonds and equities. After a survey of large banks, Braxxon
concluded that the top 50 world investment banks would need a global
investment of at least $ 80m each to replace existing settlement systems
which have failed to keep pace with business and regulatory
The survey also revealed that 30 per cent of banking systems are more
than 10 years old - and three out of every five banks have already
started replacing their systems.
Financial institution spending on IT is also likely to be increased over
the next few years in order to tackle issues such as the so-called
millennium problem which affects older software, much of which is
running on mainframe machines.
Ultimately, as the worlds of information processing and financial
services collide, most financial institutions realise that they have
little choice but to increase their IT expenditure while ensuring that
they use technology as efficiently as possible to deliver their
customers fast, flexible and competitively priced services.
*Financial Services in a Virtual World.
Forbes ASAP: August 26, 1996
The Money Changers: Digital cash Innovators
Sholem Rosen: Citibank V.P., Emerging Technologies
SHOLOM ROSEN heads Citibank's emerging technologies group, which has
devised a digital cash system. Rosen invented the technology, slated to
be released in late 1998, that will make possible the electronic
management of cash. The 55-year-old Rosen, a former math professor at
Johns Hopkins University, talked with FORBES ASAP's Lee Patterson about
Citibank's digital cash plan.
ASAP: What has Citibank developed that's different from other electronic
money technology?
ROSEN: We've developed EMS, which stands for Electronic Monetary System.
It allows you to transact personal or commercial business without the
need of a third party. If you pay me $10 for a good or service, the
money goes directly to me -- it doesn't go through a bank. EMS supports
all currencies, so you could pay someone in yen, dollars or marks. In
our system, the money circulates just like cash, except our "EMS note"
carries a complete audit trail. If your e-money is lost or stolen, it
can be redeemed.
ASAP: Software companies are aggressively pursuing the electronic
commerce and banking markets. How do you think Citibank's name will
stand up to the likes of Microsoft or DigiCash?
ROSEN: Citibank understands consumer marketing. Every card in my wallet
has the Citibank brand name on it. You may not lie loyal to your bank
yet, but the idea is to make you loyal by providing services that make
your life a lot easier.
If Microsoft or another software company wants to be a competitor, it's
still going to have to sign up with banks to do business. Internet money
is not going to be of any value if you can't turn it into real money you
can use in the physical world. You have to go through the banking system
to do that.
ASAP: How did you feel a year ago when you heard the plans for a
Microsoft/Intuit merger?
ROSEN: Personally, I didn't think much of it at all. I believe banks are
more concerned they'll be captive to what technology companies deliver
to the consumer rather than having their businesses taken over.
ASAP: But why will consumers come to Citibank for their technology needs
when they can go to Microsoft or Intuit?
ROSEN: Because Citibank has better technology. We give away our home
banking software, and it's much more functional than anything you're
going to pay to get from Intuit. Technology companies are definitely
competition, but we have been approaching electronic money from an
application standpoint and applying technology to it -- not the other
way around.
ASAP: Much of the focus of e-money technology centers on security. How
secure is Citibank's system?
ROSEN: Security has to be in the hardware, not the software. Our
security is built into a proprietary chip we've developed. We're going
to use cryptography that only national labs will be capable of breaking.
I would let all the hackers in the world take their cracks at our
ASAP: Will e-money replace the coin and papernote system we use today?
ROSEN: We're not here to replace paper money. Our system will be
valuable on the Net. Internet transactions are flaky now. We're trying
to take the flakiness out of it. We want to give the user more of the
feeling of trust and security experienced in the physical marketplace.
ASAP: What's the federal government's role in electronic money?
ROSEN: They're watching. They're letting people experiment. The official
party line is "We're going to keep our hands off and our nose in."
ASAP: Will digital cash make it easy to launder money or evade taxes
ROSEN: It's true that with e-money, geography is gone. All the laws that
have been created here and abroad have been based on geography.
Two-thirds of our currency now is abroad. So what's the big deal if
[e-money] moves abroad? With our system, the feds will have a lot more
control over what's going on than they do with the present paper
currency system. EMS notes will leave electronic audit trails, and their
circulation can be blocked if the system detects that they've been
tampered with or duplicated.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 15:04:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam blacklist project 
That's an excellent idea! Store the SHA5 of the do-not-e-mail addresses
and have the scrubbing program compute SHA5 of the addresses on the
spammer's list and delete the ones that match. I guess, fold the case
and normalize the %-hacked addresses.
Not one of the spammers. Perhaps someone at an .edu site. Perhaps some
ISP, for free publicity.
I'd expect that the service would get a lot of e-mail traffic for the
first few weeks, while everyone who cares about it would get their
addresses on the list; and then it'll be just another FTP server.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 15:10:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
American Banker: Tuesday, September 10, 1996
Two German Companies Tap U.S. Smart Card Market
By VALERIE BLOCK
Two German smart card manufacturers that have set their sights on the
United States are finding the market big enough for two different
strategic approaches.
Gieseke & Devrient America Inc., subsidiary of a German currency
printer, has become a major supplier of Visa Cash cards, firmly
entrenching itself in the world of banking applications. Orga Card
Systems Inc., whose German parent is owned by three corporations in that
country, is going after the telecommunications industry here.
In August, Orga secured a million-card minimum commitment from Omnipoint
Corp. for the new digital mobile phone technology known as personal
communication services. The deal, covering the New York area, could mean
as many as three million cards over three years.
Smart cards, with embedded computer chips, contain customer account
information and would be used to activate the mobile phone. Orga inked a
deal last fall with American Personal Communications, another provider
of personal communications services, to supply smart cards for its
Sprint Spectrum service in the Washington area.
"We're big in telecommunications," said Holger Mackenthun, president of
the U.S. Orga operation in Paoli, Pa. "That's where most of the (smart
card) applications are."
Benjamin Miller, chairman of CardTech/SecurTech, the Rockville, Md.-
based conference organizer, called Orga a "major worldwide player" in
global standard for mobile telecommunications, or GSM, the international
version of the digital mobile phone network.
Gieseke & Devrient, with a 150-year history of currency printing,"is
tied culturally to the financial industry," said Joseph Schuler, senior
vice president of Schlumberger, a leading French smart card company with
operations here. Schlumberger and its home-country competitors, Gemplus
and Bull Group, supply the lion's share of smart cards in the United
States and around the world.
Still, Mr. Schuler said the expansion of the U.S. market will create
opportunities for all the manufacturers.
In Supplying 800,000 cards to NationsBank for the Olympics Visa Cash
pilot in Atlanta, Gieseke & Devrient established a firm alliance with
Visa. It is vying to participate in the New York smart card test
scheduled to begin early next year with Visa, MasterCard, Citicorp, and
Chase Manhattan Corp.
The German company also supplied card-dispensing machines to Wachovia
Corp. for the Atlanta pilot and 5,000 Visa Cash cards for BankAmerica
Corp.'s limited-edition Olympic series. R. Kirk Brafford, program
manager, Gieseke & Devrient in Reston, Va., said since his hiring in
1994, he has laid groundwork, established relationships, and generally
spread the word about the company.
"Things started to kick in last fall with Visa Cash," he said. While
profits have not yet materialized for U.S. operations, its German
parent, Gieseke & Devrient GmbH posted $240 million in card revenues for
1995. Orga's German parent, Orga Kartensysteme GmbH, garnered $85
million in card revenues for 1995.
Mr. Brafford said Gieseke & Devrient has been a global standard for
mobile telecommunications pioneer in Germany and elsewhere. It competes
for personal communication services applications as well as prepaid
phone cards and other telecommunications applications, but it has been
held back by a fastidious "quality orientation," said Mr. Miller.
Over-the-air initialization for digital mobile communications had not
been standardized, so Gieseke & Devrient didn't offer the feature that
other companies, like Orga, promoted through proprietary means.
Mr. Brafford said a standard was recently put in place, and the company
will offer the feature soon. He also said the organization is working
with several satellite communications companies to supply smart cards
for their activation systems.
Orga -- owned by Preussag, a giant German steel maker; Bundesdruckerei,
a federal printing company comparable to the U.S. Mint; and Detecon, a
consultancy owned by Deutsche Telekom, Deutsche Bank, and Dresdner Bank

@_date: 1996-09-18 15:12:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Los Angeles Times: Monday, August 26, 1996
Credit Sting Involves Hacker And Citibank Cardholders
By JIM NEWTON, TIMES STAFF WRITER
When U.S. Secret Service agents set a trap for a young computer operator
who had expressed an interest in stealing credit information, they
baited it well: with real credit card numbers from real customers.
The young man, Ari Burton of Las Vegas, went for it, was arrested and
was charged with possession of stolen credit information--charges to
which he ultimately pleaded guilty. That ended the case against Burton,
but the cardholders' information did not stay secret with the Secret
Service. Detailed credit histories of 35 Citibank cardholders, none of
whom gave their permission for their files to be accessed, ended up with
the defendant, his lawyers and anyone else who got a copy of the case
Included in it: names, addresses, home phone numbers, Social Security
numbers, credit card numbers, available credit lines and outstanding
balances--more than enough for anyone to run up huge tabs on
unsuspecting customers.
The cardholders were never warned that their information had been used
in a sting, or that it had subsequently been shared with the defendant
and others. In fact, a few of the cardholders only learned of the
disclosure when the defendant's father wrote asking whether they had
authorized the release of the information. Others found out just last
week, three years after the information was first released, when
contacted by The Times.
Told of their unwitting involvement in a federal sting, many were
"I'm upset, I'm real upset," said Joe Becker of Costa Mesa. "I want to
know how this happened."
"I never authorized anything like that," said Sarah DiBoise, who lives
in Atherton. "I am certainly bothered by it."
And Sam Zadeh, who lives in New York, deplored what he called the "bank
and law enforcement agency invading our privacy."
The same revelations that left cardholders smoldering also raised
troubling questions about the conduct of the government and of the bank
that released private information to the Secret Service. Some of those
questions ripple into delicate areas of criminal law--topics such as the
right of defendants to evaluate evidence against them and the right of
uninvolved citizens to maintain their privacy while federal agents try
to corral bad guys.
Why, lawyers, cardholders and others asked, would the Secret Service use
real cardholder information for sting operations? And even if, for legal
reasons, it feels compelled to use actual credit histories, why not seek
permission from cardholders first?
Finally there is this question: How many cardholders nationally are
exposed to disclosure of their credit information through government
operations? Authorities in some other parts of the country say they do
not use real credit information, and Citibank stresses that the Burton
case was an aberration. But investigators and prosecutors in Las Vegas
said the techniques used to nab Ari Burton are employed in other
In fact, Secret Service agents in Las Vegas say the use of real credit
information is forced upon them by federal law requiring authorities to
demonstrate that a suspect actually possessed something illegal in order
to win in court.
"In something of this nature, the crime is the illegal obtaining of what
is called the access device," said Jerry Wyatt, assistant special agent
in charge of the Secret Service office in Las Vegas. "Unless the access
device is a real number, it's just a number."
Following that theory, some authorities argued that if the Secret
Service had supplied Burton with fake credit card information, Burton
could not have been found guilty of attempting to steal real credit card
But that reading of the law is hotly contested by experienced lawyers.
Although it is a violation of federal law to have unauthorized
possession of an access device--another name for a credit card
number--it also is against the law to attempt to possess such a device,
even if that attempt turns out not to be successful.
Legal experts said agents could make up fictitious customers and
generate false credit histories, then use that information in sting
operations. Even without a handoff of real credit information,
prosecutors still could charge the objects of the stings with attempting
to steal credit card numbers, an approach that might slightly complicate
criminal cases but that would protect cardholders.
Wyatt said he was not familiar enough with the facts of the Burton case
to know why that approach was not adopted. Nor could he say how many
cases each year involve the knowing transfer of actual credit
information from the government to criminal suspects--only that such
cases are not unusual.
At the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, the chief of that office's
criminal division agreed that other tactics might have minimized the
risk to cardholders in the Burton case, but he said the Las
Vegas office typically uses real credit card numbers of actual
cardholders in luring suspects such as Burton.
"We're sensitive to disclosing too much personal information," said John
Ham of the U.S. attorney's office. "But whenever we charge credit card
cases, we include names and numbers."
As for its role, Citibank acknowledged releasing the files to the
government but defended its actions by saying it meant no harm and by
stressing that its customers' privacy is its highest priority.
"We would never do anything to jeopardize our customers," said Maria
Mendler, a spokeswoman for the bank, which has a reputation for vigorous
protection of its cardholders' privacy. She acknowledged that real
information was supplied in the Burton case, but she said the bank did
not intend for that information ever to surface in a court file or
otherwise become available to the defendant and others.
In 1993, the bank also defended its actions in a letter to a lawyer by
noting that while information had been released, it had not been done to
hurt anyone. "We submit that the actions as alleged do not include the
requisite element of an intention to do harm to those customers whose
information was disclosed," an associate general counsel for Citibank
wrote at the time.
Those explanations hold little sway with Citibank customers, however,
many of whom complained that if their personal credit histories were
going to be used in a sting operation, they at least deserved to be
notified so that they could apply for new card numbers once the
operation was over.
Instead, sensitive information about them and their credit has been
kicking around a court file for more than three years--available to,
among others, Burton, a man who has admitted that he tried to steal
credit information. There is no evidence that Burton or anyone else used
the card information gathered in that case to ring up bills, but that,
too, is little comfort to the cardholders.
"Financial information is private, and I have a right to privacy," said
Becker, one of those whose credit information was used by the Secret
Service. "I'm worried about how this information might be used now that
it's out there."
Experienced defense and civil rights lawyers, who are used to analyzing
government conduct and subjecting it to harsh scrutiny, said they were
taken aback by the actions of the Secret Service and Citibank in the
Burton case.
"I would think these people could sue for invasion of privacy," Century
City defense lawyer Harland W. Braun said of the cardholders.
Paul Hoffman, a Los Angeles civil rights lawyer, said he too was
surprised by the use of private information in a sting.
"It does seem amazing to me," he said. "These people have rights, too."
Legal experts with both defense and prosecution backgrounds acknowledged
that problems might have confronted the Secret Service had it tried to
avoid offending customers by fabricating card numbers or inventing fake
credit histories. But they said those problems probably could have been
overcome, and added that in any event, they did not pose enough of an
obstacle to justify accessing credit information without permission.
"The answer to that is you get real people who are willing to have their
credit cards used that way," said Hoffman. "If you're doing a sting in a
house, it doesn't mean you go into a neighborhood and take a house. Why
should this be different?"
Complicating the issue still further is a decision by the prosecutor in
the case. Once the Secret Service and Citibank had used real credit
histories to bait the trap for the sting, the U.S. attorney in Las Vegas
was presented with a case in which the evidence against the defendant
involved personal information whose disclosure might harm innocent
That type of situation can pose a difficult dilemma for a prosecutor:
Federal rules require that prosecutors share evidence with their defense
counterparts so that defendants know what they might face at trial, and
failing to do so can allow suspects to go free. On the other hand,
disclosing the information might put other people at risk.
In general, careful prosecutors tend to err on the side of providing
information to the defense even if it may create hazards for others.
In the Burton case, however, some experts argue that the privacy rights
of the cardholders should have outweighed the defendant's right to
confront the specific identifying information; an edited list of
cardholder information should have sufficed in a case such as this one,
they said.
The solution, according to those experts, would have been for
prosecutors to ask the judge to impose a protective order that would
have shielded the personal, private information from either the defense
lawyer or from the defendant himself.
But others maintain that Burton's lawyers were entitled to the
information because it was evidence against Burton, and therefore
evidence that his lawyers had a right to assess and consider in deciding
their legal strategy.
Ham, the chief of the Las Vegas office's criminal division, echoed that
view, saying his office had no choice.
"We have to provide documents that support the charges," he said. If
prosecutors had not done so, he added, a judge undoubtedly would have
forced them to. Ham said no protective order was sought to keep the
information from being shared with people other than the defense lawyer.
The prosecutor, said noted Los Angeles defense lawyer Donald Re,
"probably had the obligation to provide the material in discovery." Re
added, however, that a protective order might have been tailored to
allow Burton's lawyers to review the material on the condition that they
not share it with anyone else, including their client.
Because there was no such order, Burton effectively received the same
information in discovery that he had sought illegally. Within a month of
being arrested, the same government that was charging him with a crime
provided him with the list of cardholders and their personal
"They handed it right back to me," Burton said in an interview.
At the same time, Re and others stressed that the prosecutor's decision
was a close call and difficult to second-guess. Far more troubling, they
said, were the actions that led to it: the bank's disclosure of the
material and the Secret Service's decision to hand it over to a suspect.
And given the statements by investigators and prosecutors that the
techniques used in the Burton case are widely practiced in other
investigations, many experts warned that ill-advised government
practices may be putting cardholders across the country at risk.
"There are a lot of situations where they create a scenario like this
where you want to show actual possession, not just an attempt," said Re.
"But in those situations, you get consent from somebody. You have a
security officer who sets up an account, and you use that account number
in the sting. Then there's no harm, no foul.
"But you don't give out real information," Re added. "That's just
USA Today: Wednesday, August 28, 1996
Citibank Tightens Rules on Disclosure to Law Enforcement
By Jeff Mangum
Stung by a sting that nabbed a Las Vegas man for possession of stolen
credit information, Citibank says it has changed how it works with law
enforcement agencies.
Citibank agreed in 1993 to give the U.S. Secret Service credit card
information on 35 customers, without their knowledge, to help catch a
man who eventually pleaded guilty. Customers' names, addresses, home
phone numbers, Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, available
credit lines and outstanding balances ``ended up with the defendant, his
lawyers and anyone else who got a copy of the case file,'' the Los
Angeles Times reported Monday.
``Citibank trusted that the criminal justice system would keep this
information safe and confidential,'' the bank said Tuesday. ``As it
turned out, that was a mistake.''
Citibank says a relative of the defendant subsequently contacted the
affected customers, asking them to join a class-action lawsuit against
the bank. That, spokesman Mark Rodgers says, prompted Citibank to
contact the customers and change its policy in 1993. ``Were we to
consent to a similar operation (now), for example, we would only do so
with the express consent of that customer,'' Citibank said Tuesday.
Federal law generally prohibits disclosure of financial records. But
there are exceptions. ``The general rule of thumb is there has to be a
subpoena or a person's consent,'' says Mitch Montagna, a spokesman for
AT&TUniversal Card. The American Bankers Association says ``99.9% of
the time, customer information is safe and secure.''
Denver Post: Tuesday, September 10, 1996
U.S. Invades Privacy in Nevada Credit-Card Sting
Americans who say they worry about invasions of their privacy have a new
reason to fret: In a recent case, the federal government and a major
bank willingly gave a suspected crook the credit card numbers and
personal histories of citizens -- without their permission or knowledge.
The breach of privacy in this Las Vegas, Nev., case was egregious and
outrageous. The Clinton administration should reprimand the agents
involved, and Congress should amend the laws so that such an affront to
citizens' rights never reoccurs.
In the case, U.S. Secret Service agents wanted to snare a computer
operator who had expressed interest in illegally obtaining credit-card
information. They asked Citibank for the names, addresses, Social
Security numbers and other credit information on some of the bank's card
holders. Citibank complied with the request - but never got the card
holders' permission to divulge such personal information, according to a
story in the Los Angeles Times. In other words, law enforcement agents
handed a suspected credit swindler the very information he would need to
carry out a crime.
The suspect ultimately pleaded guilty to some of the charges.
Many of the card holders heard that their personal records were used to
bait a credit-card sting only when the defendant's father contacted
them. Others learned about the episode through a newspaper reporter who
was covering the case.
In theory, there are laws to protect consumers from people prying into
their credit histories without their permission. Obviously, these
statutes aren't nearly strong enough.
American Banker: Monday, September 16, 1996
Mondex, Moving Fast, Sees Long Trek To a Worldwide Cash Alternative
By JEFFREY KUTLER
Exactly a year passed between the start of the Mondex trial in the
southwest England town of Swindon and the creation of Mondex
International, the banking consortium that hopes to use the smart card
system as the basis for a global alternative to cash.
That was fast according to the calendar. It was also an eternity.
During those 12 months, National Westminster Bank, the new payment
technology's inventor and champion, rode a roller coaster between self-
congratulation and a skeptical press, between the celebration of an
unprecedented accomplishment and a storm of criticism from within its
own industry.
Even with the formation July 18 of Mondex International, enthusiastic
backing from banking powers as diverse as Wells Fargo Bank and Hongkong
& Shanghai Banking Corp., and the current cloning of Swindon in the
Canadian city of Guelph -- it relates locationally to Toronto as Swindon
does to London - the Mondex eternity continues.
The emotional pendulum still swings at Natwest Group headquarters in
London. And emanating from Natwest and from within the Mondex project is
a mix of messages that underscores how truly groundbreaking is their
Win or lose, whether or not they are understood or praised by their
peers, the founders of the Mondex project have risen above the almost
weekly cycles of technological change and quarterly pressures on
earnings with a longer-term perspective antithetical to the traditional
ways of bankers and the banking industry.
"Natwest recognizes that Man does not live by short-term profits alone,"
group chief financial officer Richard K. Goeltz said in a recent
interview with American Banker. "There are things we have to bequeath to
our successors."
Mr. Goeltz -- who moved to New York this month as chief financial
officer of American Express Co. -- and others close to Mondex want the
world to recognize how far they have come in a year.
But the Mondex promoters are quick to point out that it is actually Year
6 since Natwest began to fund them. Today they look at a 10- or 15-year
(Natwest will recover most if not all its development cost by issuing
about $150 million of stock in Mondex International. The bank expects to
collect further royalties as the system rolls out. Partner bankers do
not begrudge Natwest its return for risk taking.)
One gets the sense that Natwest's leaders were so well primed for the
long haul that it would take more than a few technical glitches and
negative newspaper stories to get their goat. Mr. Goeltz dismissed the
sniping from more tradition-bound competitors as "slings and arrows"
that never hit their mark.
Mr. Goeltz and other insiders knew, long before the Mondex International
membership roster became public, that the concept was attracting
interest. "Broad-scale cooperation" was a prerequisite, written into
Natwest's business plan, and 16 other "global founders" who came forward
July 18 found the case compelling enough to want to join in the
"This is a process of change management - it's not like flicking a
switch," said Roy S. Pratt, deputy chief general manager of Mondex UK
Ltd., the British franchise co-owned by Natwest and Midland Bank Ltd.
"Our job is not to say, 'This is how it will be.' It is about trends and
responsiveness. To say anything is cast in stone at this point would be
Mr. Pratt, 49, spent 31 years at Midland Bank before being "seconded" to
Mondex UK in 1994. His banking jobs were in treasury, asset/liability,
and portfolio management. He said his nontechnological background
enabled him to see the complexity of the phenomenon, to confront
necessary questions about the known and unknown quantities of a
reinvented payment system.
"People always want to ask about take-up (acceptance) rates, how fast
this will happen, but I am reluctant to make blanket statements," Mr.
Pratt said. "Mondex will mean different things to different people. It
will not be the same at Exeter University (where it is being introduced
this fall) as it is in Swindon.
"There is not one proposition or growth rate. What is a critical mass
for one segment will be different in another. A carpark will not be the
same as a bus. You might call each a micro-Mondex economy.
"This is a change process that will be based on value exchange on a
just-in-time basis," Mr. Pratt continued. "It is not a product like a
loan or deposit package, or even a payment mechanism. It is not
"And it's not just an issue for bankers. We respect the integrity of the
payments process, but we also have a responsibility to society."
Such words are hardly bankerly.
To be sure, Mondex has rigorous underpinnings. The bankers' thought
processes are logical. The strategic plans passed muster with "some of
the most sophisticated, hard-nosed bankers in the world," Mr. Goeltz
"Mondex does have tremendous social implications, not least in terms of
what it can do for welfare payments and pensions," Mr. Goeltz said
before his recent departure for American Express. By automating cash "it
reduces friction in the economy.
"But the implications for society were not the motivation for Mondex. It
was to serve customers better and generate a return for shareholders.
"What's interesting about Mondex was not the technology," Mr. Goeltz
went on. "The technology was a facilitator. This is one of the few
products I've seen in which all three participants in the value chain --
banks, retailers, and customers -- benefit."
The enthusiasm carries over to outsiders - even some who have been
lumped among the critics - to a point.
"The richness, the robustness of the technology, is fantastic," said H.
Eugene Lockhart, president and chief executive officer of MasterCard
International. (MasterCard held negotiations with Natwest to buy into or
participate in Mondex, but at the same time its European affiliate,
Europay International, was developing the competitive Clip electronic
purse system.)
For more than two years, Mr. Lockhart has insisted on seeing smart
cards' "business case," and even as MasterCard launches experiments
around the world he is still not completely satisfied.
"Let's assume there is a business case," he said. "The opportunity is
that we have this new technology platform that can do a lot of things,
stored value being only the first manifestation. "But there is a big
problem: How on earth do you grow that system in millions of other cases
just like Swindon?"
Swindon, for now, is "the case."
Mondex UK's overly optimistic projection of 40,000 cardholders in the
city of 190,000 people set off the bad press. In reality, the 10,000
that signed up within 12 months weren't bad news at all. That's almost
25% of the combined Natwest-Midland customer base in the area.
Mondex said its surveys showed 66% of the cardholders said they
preferred Mondex to cash. Average card loads were the equivalent of $35
to $45, and the majority of transactions were under $7.50.
Perhaps more to the point, it is hard to find a storefront, public
phone, or any type of payment device in the commercial center of Swindon
that does not accept Mondex. The banks signed 600 merchants, double the
number accepting MasterCard and Visa, which stands to reason for a cash
"You can actually go cashless," said Mark Gordon, Mondex International's
head of marketing. "It's not a big deal when you present Mondex at the
While Mondex has been selective in its data disclosures -- no one denies
that its transactions are a small percentage of the Swindon total -- Mr.
Gordon and his team have been more than hospitable in letting the world
come view Mondex. Banker delegations are commonplace, often gathering at
the "Mondex Store" in the town center before setting out to observe and
test merchant acceptance.
Hardly a day goes by without the visit of a television crew. Many come
from Asia, where Mr. Gordon believes "Mondex will really fly." (A Hong
Kong pilot is set for late this year, and smart cards of various kinds
are already prevalent in Singapore, Taiwan, and elsewhere in the
region.) "They see this as a city of the future," he said, "like
something out of 'Blade Runner.'"
The Mondex staff tries to keep the visits unobtrusive, but some of the
merchants were willing to pay the price of unanticipated stardom.
"Our town center store is small," said Bob Upshall, manager of the
Sainsbury supermarket, part of one of Britain's biggest chains. "Having
Mondex raised our profile and provided a morale boost."
At the corporate level, Sainsbury was eager to participate in Mondex
because "it didn't want to be left behind." So the smaller,
convenience-oriented Swindon outlet, which otherwise might have relied
for years on older computers and point of sale equipment, got an upgrade
on a par with many "superstores," and Mr. Upshall said, "My staff loved
it. A positive staff is a plus for customer take-up."
Sainsbury, a Midland Bank customer, invested 45 minutes per cashier in
Mondex training and found the system was so easy to grasp that it didn't
have to deploy, as anticipated, demonstrators in the checkout lanes.
Mondex volumes were running at less than 0.5% of sales at the three
Swindon stores -- slightly lower in the town center location than at the
larger branches on the outskirts of town. Mr. Upshall said an incentive
offer in May and June of a five-pound voucher (about $7.50) for every
50- pound ($75) shopping trip brought in transactions well above the
average ticket of five pounds in-town and 30 pounds ($45) elsewhere.
"Whether smart cards will be in Mondex or other forms, they are here to
stay," Mr. Upshall said. He gauged customer reaction as "very positive,"
though mainly among early adopters. He himself likes Mondex as a
consumer -- "I use it in the canteen all the time" -- and as a merchant,
because it streamlines the cash-handling tasks that require two to three
full-time positions in the supermarket's back office.
Nearby in McElroy's, a local department store, Vince Ayris accepts and
encourages Mondex payments at his shoe repair and key-making stand. Mr.
Ayris has been in the business 17 years, is a well-known man about town,
and so strongly believes in Mondex that he essentially sold it to the
local rugby club, where "we use it quite a lot. I find I'm more careful
about spending money (with Mondex) than with cash, and it's easier than
small change."
Mr. Ayris admitted to being "a bit skeptical at first," but he has
become so strong a booster that Mr. Gordon felt he had to deny that Mr.
Ayris is in Mondex's employ.
"I don't give money away to a bank like I do with a MasterCard or Visa
discount," the merchant said. "There is no problem with fraud or
"I have more over-ring errors on the till than on Mondex terminals.
Every transaction is documented so disputes are more easily resolved"
than with cash.
And because the Mondex terminal is smaller than a cash register, "I have
more room for selling product."
Mondex is also proving itself at a multiplex movie complex, part of the
MGM chain that Virgin Enterprises recently acquired. John Keil, the
manager, said he "needed no convincing" to accept Mondex at every point
of sale. "We saw the benefit immediately. Any way at all to take cash
out of the system, the better.
"The bigger the business, the more problem cash is," Mr. Keil went on.
"Any major company sees the benefits in the technology."
Like the supermarket, the MGM outlet easily won staff support. "Most of
them are into gadgetry," Mr. Keil said.
It also encouraged sales by cutting Mondex users' ticket price to about
$4.90 from $6.80. The transactions are still a small portion of the 30%
of in-person box-office sales done on plastic cards. (Another 30% are
advance sales by phone; Mondex has not yet been accepted that way.) Mr.
Keil said he is looking forward to having "one box" that can accept all
cards. Even so, he said Mondex was "very flexible, requiring no change
whatsoever to our system. It was slotted right in ... They made their
system fit ours."
"I think the system will take off eventually," Mr. Keil said. His only
regret is that because he doesn't live in Swindon, he can't use Mondex
more than he does.
It is as if Mondex has succeeded at recruiting its merchants as change
agents. Time will tell if they are still on board when Mondex begins
costing them something.
"The chip brings a fundamental change," said Mr. Pratt of Mondex UK.
"You feel as if you are shaping the future.
"When the market begins using it to create its own needs and to solve
its own problems, that's when the real thrill will come -- and a surge
in usage."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 15:53:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
AP Online: Sunday, September 15, 1996
Card Raises Privacy Issues
By PATRICIA LAMIELL
Big Brother is not watching. Or is he?
Fears resembling those of the omniscient machine that spies on people in
their homes in George Orwell's novel, ''1984,'' have found their way
into a new technology entering the marketplace -- smart cards.
These credit cards embedded with computer chips can store information
from shoe size to credit history. But critics claim these cards will be
used to compile dossiers on the people who use them.
And now it's up to the Smart Card Forum, a family of companies driving
development of smart card technology, to convince the public that Big
Brother isn't watching, for smart cards are protected and confidential.
''There's a huge amount of misunderstanding, and that creates a huge
amount of fear, about whether these products are going to decrease
people's privacy or otherwise leave them unprotected,'' said John Burke,
the forum's attorney and a partner at the law firm of Foley, Hoag &
Eliot in Washington, D.C.
Starting Monday in San Francisco, members of the Smart Card Forum will
meet to discuss the latest technology and marketing programs necessary
to put a smart card in every household. In many ways, smart cards
resemble credit and debit cards that the market has grown accustomed to
using. With a simple swipe, they too can substitute cash when buying
everything from subway tokens to clothing and the purchase price is
electronically deducted from the card using a special machine.
But the smart card takes the technology further, embedding a computer
chip into the card. that gives it much more memory and enables it to do
simple math and process information, like keeping a bank balance or
tracking frequent flier miles.
The huge potential scope of the smart card has prompted some concerns
about the privacy rights of users. By tracking small purchases,
telephone and transportation records, they can document a person's
everyday movements.
That information could be useful to everyone from employers and family
members to law enforcement officials and banks. Marketers might be very
interested in records of purchases made with smart cards.
But privacy experts question whether third parties should gain access to
see such information.
The American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey is fighting a state
proposal to encode fingerprints on smart card drivers licenses on the
premise that it would treat as criminals people who are not suspected of
a crime.
''We also oppose the requirement that other data be included'' on New
Jersey drivers licenses, said David Rocah, an ACLU staff attorney in
Newark, ''unless precautions are made to insure that third parties will
not have access to that data.''
Others, however, counter the questions of privacy, claiming that owners
can control what information goes onto them and with whom it is shared.
They also point out that the information is electronically scrambled, or
''encrypted, '' making it very difficult to steal.
The Smart Card Forum is working to create privacy guidelines that can
keep pace with the fast-developing industry. Federal regulators, such as
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve and
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., are all considering whether and how
to regulate smart cards.
Smart cards are a huge business for companies like Texas Instruments
Inc. and Motorola Inc., which make the chip. They could also be a boon
for banks and other financial institutions that issue the cards for a
fee, and for payments-systems networks like Visa and MasterCard, which
earn a percentage of each transaction.
''This is a huge, huge market,'' said Peter Hill, executive vice
president for technology at Visa International, one of the 225 corporate
members of the forum. ''Cash transactions world-wide total about $8
trillion a year, of which 80 percent are for $10 or less.''
A number of big banks have run pilot programs to test consumers'
acceptance of the cards. Some have teamed up with Visa and MasterCard to
do market tests in Swindon, England, Canberra, Australia, and at the
1996 Summer Olympic Games in Atlanta. A test is planned by MasterCard,
Visa, Chase Manhattan Corp. and Citicorp, in New York's Upper West Side
later this year.
So far the pilot projects, which have put about 50,000 smart cards in
circulation worldwide, have had mixed results. Many worry consumers will
not incorporate the cards into purchases they now make with cash, and
that has left merchants wary about the cards also.
To move beyond the arena of small purchases, members of the Smart Card
Forum are developing technology to allow people to use home computers to
pay for Internet purchases with these cards, and to download cash onto a
smart card. Personal-computer makers have begun including chip readers
in PCs for these purposes.
Also in development are scores of non-financial applications, such as
keeping drivers license and medical information, transferring government
welfare or medical benefits, and making airline and hotel reservations.
To Diane Wetherington, MasterCard's senior vice president for smart
cards, the Forum's biggest task is not the social and legal issues
surrounding the smart card, but getting consumers to use it for any and
all financial transactions down to the 10-year-old's weekly allowance
and merchants to accept it.
''The technology works, the product works,'' she said. ''Now it is up to
the marketing associations and companies to really try to create global
products from these.''
American Banker: Monday, September 16, 1996
SET a Big Win for the Card Associations
By JEFFREY KUTLER
Whether for superstitious reasons or just to avoid the inevitable
groans, experts in data security were long reluctant to use a certain,
pertinent pun. But now it can be officially uttered: SET is set.
Secure Electronic Transactions, the Internet payment protocol hashed out
by MasterCard, Visa, and a sometimes unruly bunch of technology
providers, went up on the card associations' Web sites in June in what
was labeled as its final form.
In other words, the standard was ready for prime time. Software
developers could begin incorporating it in systems being designed for
electronic transactions. And thus began something of a race to make
SET-- secured card payments a reality, at least in a test mode, by
yearend. The principals were too busy and running too fast to celebrate
their hard-won accomplishment. There was far more work to be done, and
in their haste to get to it they may never have adequately explained the
document's true significance.
The SET advocates met their objective. Getting past their internal
divisions, they wrote specifications for on-line credit card
transactions and were unanimous in their endorsement. Relying on data
encryption and digital certification of buyers, sellers, and bank
processors, they erected several barriers to electronic thievery.
They did not make the Net safe for all commercial and monetary activity.
Nor did they silence a number of critics who still raise warning-flags
about the Internet's inherent vulnerabilities, even those addressed by
The development of the protocol was well-chronicled. Probably too well
from the standpoint of MasterCard and Visa, which had hoped that their
mid- 1995 move to cooperate -- on the assumption that payment security
should not be a competitive venue -- would lead to a rapid conclusion of
amicable, low-profile deliberations. The diplomatic initiative derailed
in the fall of 1995 when Microsoft Corp., sitting on Visa's side of the
table, failed to reconcile with the opposing camp that included two of
Microsoft's market adversaries, International Business Machines Corp.
and Netscape Communications Corp.
After a couple of months of fence-mending, the negotiations were
declared back on track Feb. 1. Within a month the working draft of SET
was completed, supposedly drawing the best features from the initially
separate MasterCard and Microsoft-Visa proposals.
As the June deadline approached, most of the organizations directly
involved in SET -- they included GTE Corp., Science Applications
International Corp. (SAIC), and companies associated with the data
encryption leader RSA Data Security Inc. -- announced they would provide
products and services implementing the protocol.
Verifone Inc. hit the ground running June 18 with a comprehensive
electronic commerce package that it said would be the "first
implementation" of SET, supported by numerous strategic allies from the
SET circle and beyond. Said Verifone's Internet commerce division chief
Roger B. Bertman, "This will help the industry benefit more quickly from
increased Internet transaction volumes and allow us all to begin
learning by doing."
Verifone had reportedly pressed to join the SET team, only to run up
against the members' desire to stay small. But Verifone was very plugged
in, and Mr. Bertman's "learning by doing" could have been their motto.
By implication, publication of SET was just one more beginning.
At the heart of SET is data encryption technology, specifically that
provided and championed by RSA of Redwood City, Calif. In the encryption
field, science meets commerce. The plodding of the scientific method
tempers businesses' drive to get products to the market.
Further complicating any venture into encryption -- the mathematical
technique for scrambling messages to prevent unauthorized reading -- is
the overhang of public policy. RSA and its progeny have chafed at
federally imposed limits on cryptographic systems, particularly on the
length of the code-defining keys they can export. While most financial
activities are not hindered by the government's concern about "strong
encryption," any banking or payment-related activity is surely to be
scrutinized by that industry's regulatory establishment.
It is only 20 years since the advent of public key cryptography.
Improvements have been continuous, at least theoretically enabling the
guardians of secure data to stay a step ahead of criminal pursuers. That
SET could come together in a few months of concentrated effort is
testimony to the strength and durability of the concept.
As in academic tradition, what is tested and proven wins out.
MasterCard's and Visa's pre-SET attempts, Secure Electronic Payment
Protocol and Secure Transaction Technology, "didn't incorporate enough
of preexisting security standards," said Allan M. Schiffman, chief
technology officer of Terisa Systems Inc., a Los Altos, Calif., company
formed in 1995 by RSA and several other investors to develop secure
systems for Internet commerce.
"In dealing with crypto, it's nice for stuff to be out and analysts to
take a shot at it," said Mr. Schiffman, whose company was intimately
involved in SET and said back in April that it would build the protocol
into its client and server toolkits. "Older standards that aren't broken
are what crypto-developers want."
SET's reliance on the proven didn't stop the sniping.
Lee H. Stein, chairman of First Virtual Holdings Inc. in San Diego,
designed his Internet commerce system such that payment data flow via a
private communications channel rather than the World Wide Web. First
Virtual is not yet ready to bank on encryption. SET may be a step in the
right direction, but it didn't sway Mr. Stein.
"Sensitive financial information is never to be on the Internet," Mr.
Stein said at the Cyberpayments '96 conference in Dallas in June. "Has
anyone here yet seen a hierarchical, encryption-based certification
authority working at the consumer level?"
Jerome Svigals, a California-based consultant and long-time advocate of
smart cards, criticized the lack of portability of the customer
certificates required for an SET transaction. Designed to be embedded in
a personal computer, the certificates, or digital signatures, might
better comport with the credit card transaction model by being stored on
smart cards.
Aharon Friedman, chairman and chief product developer of Digital Secured
Networks Technology Inc. in Englewood Cliffs, N.J., has expressed
concern about the software-only nature of SET. He said it requires a
hardware component to be fully secure.
Mr. Friedman, a one-time SAIC research physicist who founded his network
security company last year, also said too much of an SET message is in
clear text or subjected to "hash functions" that do not provide the high
security levels of encryption.
"Unlike hardware, software can be bypassed using a computer," Mr.
Friedman said. He has suggested that a hardware-based approach be
incorporated into SET at "a more elementary level" so that all the text
can be encrypted.
"He put it aggressively," Mr. Schiffman said of Mr. Friedman. "What he
says is not wrong, but it was not unaccounted for" in SET revisions.
Other SET defenders have pointed out that the three aforementioned
critics have vested interests in, respectively, off-Internet payments,
smart cards, and hardware. Mr. Friedman said he is a few months away
from a hardware-software solution that would be economical for PCs and
even laptop computers, but he was not ready to talk about specific
More fundamentally, the SET group had to grapple with classic questions
of appropriateness. The security measures had to fit the potential
crimes, at a reasonable cost.
As new electronic payment media develop, "people are going to realize
that they can't guarantee 100% security," Geoffrey Baehr, a top network
technology official at Sun Microsystems Inc., said at a banking
conference earlier this year. "Instead, they will aim their development
work at 100% acceptance of risk, and assume there is always some amount
of fraud.
"It happens, and there isn't much you can do about it other than best
Focusing on the framework for card payments, the SET group put its best
efforts toward standards for transaction software and the ever-critical
authentication of cardholders, merchants, and banks, based on the
digital certificates issued and maintained by "trusted parties." A big
selling point is that merchants don't see buyers' credit card numbers;
the system transparently validates them.
RSA Data Security has a central, commercial interest in how SET develops
and has taken on an associated, almost public-service responsibility for
"SET is definitely the way to go to secure bank card transactions," said
Kurt Stammberger, RSA's director of technology marketing. "We believe it
will be huge. Otherwise we wouldn't have built a toolkit around it."
Indeed, the "RSA Encryption Engine" brand will be on Verifone's software
products -- vGate, vPOS, and vWallet -- the first of what should be many
SET-related licenses.
Because there will be a proliferation of on-line products, especially
the virtual wallets at the consumer level, Mr. Stammberger said "RSA's
role will be to make sure all the wallet implementations talk to all the
merchant implementations and the banks."
"Building cryptography is not trivial, but getting all the right people
talking to each other can be even more of a challenge," Mr. Stammberger
Meanwhile, Verisign Inc., spun off by RSA 17 months ago, is going after
the certification piece of the business. In July it announced it was
chosen by Visa International to provide Internet authentication through
the member banks. Building a global infrastructure for the
encryption-based certification product it calls Digital ID, Verisign
views the Visa deal as a big mass-market opening for digital signatures.
"The financial services industry is leading the charge in bringing
Internet commerce to the consumer," said Verisign president and chief
executive officer Stratton Sclavos, who has also signed breakthrough
licensing pacts with Microsoft and Netscape. He expects market
availability of his "high-volume, scalable-to-the-millions" product "as
soon as SET is ready," by early next year.
MasterCard designated the CyberTrust unit of GTE Corp., one of its
partners in the SET project, as its private-label certificate provider.
The announcement, within days of Visa-Verisign in late July, prompted
some one- upmanship. MasterCard senior vice president Steve Mott
predicted GTE would be "bigger, better, and faster" in the market.
Visa U.S.A. president Carl Pascarella wanted to underscore that the
Verisign-GTE face off means healthy competition, not a return to the
earlier SET dissension.
He said the card associations rejected the idea of a single
certification authority because it could have been monopolistic. And
while Visa members can now choose Verisign, and MasterCard members GTE,
they could also be their own "CA" or pick from other suppliers.
"Visa and MasterCard agreed to pursue different certification options,"
he said. "The technology will be more robust, and it will minimize the
impact on issuers and acquirers.
"Things are changing so fast, we don't want to be in the position of
driving stakes into the ground. Our concern right now is to protect the
banks, and SET does that."
The Miami Herald: Monday, September 16, 1996
Firm Hopes Facial "Signature" to be Foolproof
Don't look for twenty-something computer nerds at Identification
Technologies International in Coral Gables. ITI, a high-tech firm
founded in 1993, is run by David Bendel Hertz, an energetic
Hertz has held executive engineering positions at RCA and Celanese, has
been a partner at the consulting firm McKinsey & Co. in New York and has
taught business and law at the University of Miami.
His latest venture focuses on a facial recognition system, with
applications from building access to internet banking.
"We are a start-up business, a research and development company," says
Hertz, 77. "And now we're becoming an operative company."
Hertz saw an opportunity in 1994. Conventional facial recognitions
systems "were too slow and took too much computer memory," he says. And
stored on a hard drive, the data were vulnerable to hackers.
Hertz calls his solution One-to-One. It uses a camera to take a person's
photo and compares it to a facial "pixel signature." The signature uses
only 96 bytes of memory -- as opposed to 500 to 2,000 bytes in
conventional systems -- and can be easily stored on a smart card. Hertz
insists that even the most intelligent hacker won't be able to break
into the system because the data is not available on a central computer
system and a stolen smart card will not match the thief's facial
Hertz allows that ITI has spent more than $1 million so far, half from
him and half from Peipers, a New York investment company.
ITI offers its system in the form of a small black box, containing the
camera and connected to a computer. One-to-One uses little memory
because it focuses on specific characteristics, such as the position of
the eyes and the form of the mouth, while older systems store a
photo-like image of the face.
"When we started," Hertz says from a University of Miami test lab, "the
first thing we did was ask a plastic surgeon if there are sufficient
differences between faces.
"'Every face is different,' he answered. But what about identical twins,
we wanted to know. "The surgeon said there are enough differences in
their faces that some people -- like their mother -- always can
recognize them."
Using biometrics, the branch of biology that deals with data
statistically and by mathematical analysis, One-to-One can recognize
these differences as well as a mother.
A niggling problem, however, is that the system may not recognize a
characteristic that is not part of your signature, such as a new haircut
or even a smile.
So far, ITI has made 50 units, mostly for testing and evaluation. Priced
at $2,000-$3,000, two of the units have been sold to Westinghouse
Security Electronics, which does not manufacture facial recognition
systems. Jorge Sousa, director of product development at Westinghouse's
systems division, based in Santa Clara, Calif., says he is "convinced
that biometrics has a future," and that his company is keenly interested
in ITI's product.
Citicorp is currently testing Hertz's system on its ATMs, and AktivNet,
a Miami company, has agreed to try out 400 units in 1997 on its
communications kiosks in airports and hotels geared to business
Hertz has also presented One-to-One to the National Security Agency,
which he says "exhibited high-level interest."
ITI is being marketed in Europe, South Africa and the Middle East by a
Dutch company, Digistration. Hertz sees customers ranging from airports
to welfare agencies to sports arenas. "The market is large and growing
every day," he says.
David Leibowitz, managing director and analyst at Burnham Securities in
New York, also sees a rising interest in sophisticated security systems.
"There is every likelihood that more creative devices will be needed,"
said Leibowitz, who added that with the rise in crime and theft, "The
security market is growing at a dramatic pace."
Leibowitz points out that the security market can include everything
from barbed-wire fences to combination locks to the high-tech devices
manufactured by such companies as Sensormatic, Checkpoint and Knogo .
"Should ITI's product prove itself in tests and go on to succeed in
real-world applications," he said, "there is a good chance there would
be a market for it." But he cautioned that between now and then,
competitors may have developed similar or more innovative systems that
affect ITI's potential to market its product.
Hertz plans to hire 10 additional employees to market and distribute ITI
products. They will join the 12 people currently on staff, an
international group including a computer programmer, biomedical
scientist and mathematical analyst.
Their work has far-reaching implications: Hertz envisions a day when ITI
develops systems and products that, for example, has the capability to
"detect people in a crowd," to catch fugitives or help find missing
Retail Banker International: August 22, 1996
Chase Builds "Best Biometric"
CHASE MANHATTAN is currently testing biometric voice printing for retail
banking applications in two pilots in the New York area. The bank said
these tests will be concluded before year-end, and could lead to the
introduction of biometric voice printing in several retail channels as
early as 1997.
The two pilots now in progress are testing voice printing at branch
offices, the most challenging environment for voice printing, due to
ambient noise and distortion. Branch customers pick up a phone on the
teller line and verify their identities instantly, saving the teller the
time needed to check the validity of each customer's bank card.
But the system's most dynamic application will be in remote delivery,
and especially in phone banking, where customers' identities can be
automatically verified as soon as they speak, allowing phone reps to
call up all account data instantaneously. The bank expects to roll out
voice printing first in high-risk wholesale operations, like funds
transfer and treasury services, before introducing it to the retail side
of the bank.
"Voice is the best biometric," said Elizabeth Boyle, Chase VP for
strategic implementation in New York. First, voice printing offers
security in all channels, an advantage that techniques like
fingerprinting and dynamic signature analysis do not enjoy. This means
that customers can use the system for remote transactions and can open
accounts without visiting a branch, for example.
Second, customers are most comfortable with voice printing, which is
considered far less intrusive that fingerprinting, for instance, and is
completely invisible over the phone. Lastly, voice printing is the most
effective security system, yielding the lowest percentage of false
positives, and just as important, the lowest rate of false negatives.
"We do not want to be in the position of telling customers that they are
not who they are," Boyle explained.
Chase's voice printing pilots use technology developed by Votan of
Pleasantville, California, a firm currently under registration for an
initial public offering valued at $30 million. Direct mutual funds
provider Fidelity Investments is also working on the implementation of
voice printing technology, and Citibank is currently running voice
pilots by four separate vendors.
Boyle said that twelve months ago, Chase decided against multiple-
vendor pilots, believing the technology was changing too rapidly to make
this approach economical.
New York Times: Monday, September 16, 1996
Testing Whether Internet Readers Will Pay
By MIKE ALLEN
After extending its grace periods four times, The Wall Street Journal
Interactive Edition says it will bar freeloaders from its World Wide Web
site beginning Saturday.
The results are being watched as a bellwether for prospects of charging
for access to Web sites. Because of The Journal's fame and its high
proportion of business users, founders of other sites figure that if The
Journal does not succeed, they may have no chance of charging in the
foreseeable future.
Today's Web is a money pit, with sites getting some revenue from
advertisers but virtually none from users.
Nick Donatiello, a market researcher who surveys consumer attitudes
about new technologies, said subscription fees might work in a special
case like The Journal, but would remain rare.
``Consumers can surf the whole Web for less than $20 a month, so it's
hard to convince them that they should pay for one little slice out of
this enormous pie,'' said Donatiello, the president of Odyssey LP, a
research firm in San Francisco. ``Paying for content is going to be
dwarfed by having advertisers pay, not because the Web has a culture of
free content, but because television has a culture of
advertising-supported content.''
A message on the Journal's site ( says, ``Avoid the
rush and convert now to a paid subscription.'' The interactive Journal
is charging $49 a year, or $29 to those who take the print Journal,
which runs $164 a year.
Neil F. Budde, the editor of the interactive edition, said many people
were philosophically opposed to paying for information on the Web. But
he said others would subscribe because of the site's features like
Briefing Book, which offers news about a company, charts of stock
performance and five years of financial data.
``These are not the people who have been on the Internet since Day
One,'' he said. ``These are newer people, people who are in business,
who say it's worth it not to have to look four different places on the
Internet'' to find information that the Journal site pulls together.
About 650,000 people registered during the interactive Journal's trial
period. Thomas Baker, the business director of the interactive edition,
said surveys of those users indicated 10 to 30 percent were willing to
``If, at the end of the year, we had 20,000 to 25,000, that would be
good,'' Baker said. ``We're realists. Our expectations are fairly
modest. We look at this as a magazine start-up, and even successful
magazines take a while to ramp up.''
Baker said only 20 to 25 percent of those surveyed subscribed to the
print Journal. ``That helped allay people's fear of the cannibalization
of the print readership,'' he said.
When the site opened in April, it offered free access through July 31.
That was extended to Aug. 31, then Sept. 21. The deadline to register
was May 31, then June 30, then Aug. 1.
There is still a loophole: Access to the on-line Journal is free through
Dec. 31 to those who download the Microsoft Corp.'s Web browser,
Internet Explorer. Also free: two-week trials of the Journal site.
Barron's, a weekly that like the Journal is published by Dow Jones &
Co., thought big when it announced its Web site in May, saying it
planned to charge $99 a year for basic access, and even more for premium
areas like an Investors Workstation.
That would have made it the most expensive mass-market site on the Web.
The plan has been rethought. Barron's Online (
has remained free, and a spokesman said the future subscription price
had not been determined.
The Web site of The New York Times requires users to register but does
not charge. About 600,000 have signed up since the site
( opened in January.
``Our view is that market share is a more important criterion for
success than whether you can get a few people to pay for the service,''
said Martin A. Nisenholtz, the president of The New York Times
Electronic Media Co. ``But we continue to evaluate our users'
willingness to pay for information on line.''
The other best-known news sites, including those from CNN, USA Today,
The Washington Post and The Los Angeles Times, are open to all. ESPN's
site ( charges $39.95 a year for access to
premium areas, including columnists. But that service, too, is free
until the end of the year through Microsoft Explorer.
Microsoft, meanwhile, has found an old-fashioned way to get some income
from its on-line magazine, Slate: sell paper copies.
Slate on Paper went on sale this month in many Starbucks coffee
boutiques, and mail subscriptions are available. The 62-page digest of
the on-line version is produced in Microsoft's print shop.
The paper Slate is $29.95 a year. That's $10 more than the on-line
version will be when it starts charging for access on Nov. 1.
The site ( was started in June with great fanfare
from traditional media, but it continues to be skewered in the on-line
world. The September issue of Wired magazine inaugurated the Kinsley
Deathwatch, a pool to predict when Michael Kinsley, Slate's editor, will
return from Redmond, Wash., to the other Washington.
Slate on Paper, which includes about one-third of the Web version,
includes an editors' note heralding ``the transmutation of all-digital
Slate to the fusty comfort of analog paper and ink.''
``To the best of our knowledge, Slate on Paper is the first Webzine to
reverse the process,'' the note says. ``Some say it is fitting for two
companies so closely associated with the image of Seattle - Microsoft
and Starbucks - to be be joining forces. Others say it is beyond
parody.'' A parody site, Stale ( pretends to offer
a printed version, ``thereby defeating the purpose of being on the
Rogers Weed, Slate's publisher, said the print edition was ``a bridge to
the people that aren't on the Internet today.''
But how many Starbucks customers want Chechnya with their frappuccino?
Even some of the chain's employees are puzzled. ``This is Starbucks
coffee,'' said Carol Hensler, who worked at a store in Richmond, Va.
``We only have coffee and coffee products.''
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-18 16:18:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relavant wire clippings 
Financial Times: Thursday, September 5, 1996
Banking on the Internet: Any Time, Anywhere
By George Cole
When Claus Nehmzow wants to check his bank statements or pay a bill, he
simply switches on a personal computer. He can also transfer money
between accounts and make electronic payments from almost anywhere in
the world because his bank is on the Internet, the worldwide network of
Nehmzow, a principal with the management and technology consultancy firm
Booz-Allen & Hamilton, says: "I live in England but my account is in the
US. If I can find a computer that's linked to the Internet, I can access
my account any time and anywhere."
About 50m people have access to the Internet but this number is expected
to reach 200m within two years. This huge audience, the ability to offer
a 24-hour service across borders and the potentially enormous savings in
operational costs, have prompted many banks and financial institutions
to consider hooking up to the Internet. But while the Internet offers
many advantages, one issue makes many banks nervous -- security.
The potential of millions of people gaining unauthorised access to
sensitive financial information on the Internet, and then using it to
commit fraud is so great that few banks are prepared to offer online
A survey by Booz-Allen found that more than 600 banks had sites on the
Internet's World Wide Web. However, almost three-quarters of the banks
simply used their sites as "electronic brochures" to promote their
services. Only 2 per cent of European banks and 1 per cent of US banks
offered full banking services on the Internet.
"Security is holding back many banks, but the sheer economics of the
Internet will see many of them offering services on it," says Michael
McConnell, vice-president of Booz-Allen. "The cost of an Internet
banking transaction can be measured in cents, while the same transaction
at a bank branch costs dollars. You can't ignore these kind of savings."
Piero Verdiani, vice-president of Olivetti Systems and Services'
professional services division, says the Internet offers an average
saving of $1.20 per transaction when compared with using a traditional
bank branch. "For a customer who makes five transactions a week this
works out at $300 a year. A bank with 100,000 customers could
potentially save $30m a year," he says. Nehmzow believes that many of
the concerns about security are more an issue of perception than of real
obstacles: "People hear about hacking and get worried. Yet many people
will happily give their credit card numbers over the phone, knowing that
if anything should go wrong, their credit-card company will accept most
of the liability. The same could happen with electronic banking."
Some banks have opted for privately-owned online services rather than
the Internet. The UK-based TSB bank, for example, offers its customers
an electronic-banking facility called PC Banking, through the CompuServe
online service. "It's a step-up from the Internet in terms of security,
but in the long term, the Internet will be an important agent for
financial services," says Bill Goodland, product manager for
CompuServe's financial services division.
Barclays is piloting a similar PC-based banking service for personal
customers. The system, launched in February and developed with Visa
Interactive, runs from Barclays software on a Windows-compatible PC and
modem from customers' homes or offices.
The attraction of the Internet is that users do not need to access
proprietary PC banking software or special online services to carry out
banking transactions. Nehmzow's electronic bank is the Security First
Network Bank, based in Atlanta, Georgia. SFNB, which claims to be the
first Internet bank, opened for service in October 1995. It has more
than 2,000 customers, mostly professionals aged between 26 and 55.
The SFNB uses a number of security features, which include issuing each
customer with a personal identification number (Pin) and encrypting or
scrambling any data that is sent over the Internet. The bank's internal
computer network is protected by a "firewall" which filters all
electronic traffic.
This month, the US bank First City Bank and Trust plans to launch an
Internet banking service using similar security facilities. In the UK,
Midland Bank is working with Microsoft in order to offer Internet
Olivetti, and Sparekassernes Data Center, a consortium of 80 Danish
savings banks, have formed a joint venture called FIT (Financial
Internet Technology). FIT has developed E-Bank (Electronic Bank), a
system which uses the Internet for banking from home, and offers various
levels of security, including passwords, PIN codes and encryption.
Some believe that Internet banking will take off when there is
widespread use of a technology known as public-key cryptology. A key is
a complex mathematical number that may be many hundreds of digits in
length, creating hundreds of billions of potential combinations.
The key is divided into a public key and a private key. The public key
is available to anyone, and may be printed in a directory or even posted
on to the Internet. The private key is kept secret by the owner. A
message is sent to the owner by encrypting it with his or her public
key. Only the correct private key can decrypt it.
The public-key system also makes it possible to produce a "digital"
signature. "This is important, because a bank will need to be confident
that it is communicating with the genuine customer, and the customer
needs to be certain that he's dealing with his bank," says McConnell.
"It also provides proof that the customer authorised a particular
A digital signature is created by the sender, who encrypts part of the
message with his or her private key. The recipient of the message uses
the sender's public key to decrypt the segment and thus confirm the
identity of the sender. The system will automatically operate whenever a
message is being sent or received over the Internet.
Public-key systems will also be used for credit-card transactions. Visa
International and Mastercard International have joined forces with a
number of companies including GTE, IBM, Microsoft and Netscape to
develop SET (Secure Electronic Transactions) which will allow users to
make secure credit-card payments over the Internet: "It will mean that
someone making a $ 10 transaction won't get billed for $10m," says
Bernard Ovink, senior manager of Visa's electronic commerce division.
SET is due to come into operation in late 1997.
There are many encryption systems available, including several developed
by RSA Data Security, based in Redwood California. RSA is providing the
encryption technology for SET. The power of a key is measured in bits -
an eight-bit key offers 256 possible combinations, while a 40-bit key
has more than 1,000bn combinations.
Some 40-bit keys have been cracked by cryptology enthusiasts, causing
some to question the security of public-key systems. But McConnell says
this fear is misplaced: "It took months to crack each key and a
tremendous amount of computing power. But the question is: was it worth
all the effort? It's like spending $100 to counterfeit a $ 20 bill."
McConnell foresees a time when many people will have their own public
and private keys: "I think you'll get an agency such as the Post Office
distributing the keys to the public, and then financial organisations
will use them to create online banking and other services. This is going
to happen sooner than some people think." .
American Banker: Thursday, September 5, 1996
OCC Allows Internet Access Plan, Eyeing Competitive Edge
for Banks
By OLAF de SENERPONT DOMIS
A small bank in Pennsylvania has won the first regulatory approval to
sell Internet access to the public, which could attract customers to
on-line banking and other electronic services.
The decision, released Tuesday by the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency, could help national banks compete with nonbank providers of
on-line financial services, experts said.
"The OCC is aggressively pushing the envelope with this decision,
because it's allowing a service not directly related to banking," said
Charles M. Horn, a partner at Mayer, Brown & Platt, a Washington law
firm. "It is part of a natural progression toward letting banks expand
the way they provide financial services."
"The comptroller has recognized the critical importance of technology to
the future of the banking industry," agreed Robert G. Ballen, a partner
at the Washington law firm Schwartz & Ballen. "This is consistent with
the comptroller's concern that banks be able to effectively compete with
In an Aug. 19 letter to Apollo Trust Co. in Apollo, Pa., the OCC told
the $105 million-asset bank it could sell general Internet access to
anyone in its western Pennsylvania service area. The bank also was given
permission to give free Internet access to schools, government offices,
libraries, churches, and various nonprofit organizations.
"We have a long-standing precedent of allowing banks to use the excess
capacity of their physical facilities, and this ruling translates those
old precedents into the technology world," Comptroller Eugene A. Ludwig
said in an interview Wednesday. "Making sure that banks use things as
efficiently as possible is a win-win for everybody - the bank, its
customers, and the community.
"This is very symbolic of how the use of the electronic media can help
banks of all sizes provide products and services to customers."
Viveca Ware, director of payment systems at the Independent Bankers
Association of America, said, "Not only does this open the door for
banks to compete with nonbank Internet service providers, it opens up a
whole new realm for banks to offer new services to their communities."
Separately, the OCC approved a request by Huntington National Bank in
Columbus, Ohio, to enter into a joint smart card venture with the
Student Loan Marketing Association and Battelle Memorial Institute, a
Columbus, Ohio-based technology research organization.
Huntington has said the venture, to be based in Columbus and named
Cybermark, will develop, market, and maintain stored-value card systems
for self-contained communities such as universities, hospitals, theme
parks, and military installations.
Apollo already allows its customers to transfer funds, apply for loans,
and view account balances via the Internet. Apollo purchased powerful
computer equipment to provide these services and has the excess capacity
to provide a gateway to the Internet.
Ray Muth, the bank's executive vice president, said Apollo plans to
entice new customers to its computer banking products by offering
Internet access.
"This is an absolutely golden opportunity for us," Mr. Muth said in an
interview. "We'll increase our profitability by developing new customer
The OCC concluded that offering Internet access to the public is part of
the business of banking because it satisfies three criteria. First, it
allows banks to provide more convenient service to customers. Second,
the OCC argued that full Internet access is needed to let banks market
their electronic banking services. Third, the OCC said that because the
computer hardware Apollo purchased had extra capacity, the bank ought to
be able to use it profitably.
In the interview, however, Mr. Ludwig said banks cannot purchase
computer equipment solely to offer customers Internet access.
News Release(Online Resources): Wednesday, September 4, 1996
Online Resources to Provide Transaction Link to AOL
Online Resources & Communication Corporation, one of the leading
providers of interactive financial services, announced today that it has
entered into an agreement with America Online Inc., the world's largest
consumer online service, to provide financial transaction capabilities
to America Online's more than six million members.
This agreement coincides with the launch of the AOL Banking Center, a
focal point that gives AOL members access to financial institutions who
participate in the AOL Banking Center.
AOL members may visit their financial institution's virtual branch that
resides within the AOL Banking Center.
Online Resources will have a direct link to AOL, enabling clients who
participate in the AOL Banking Center to offer real-time banking, bill
payment and other transaction services to AOL members.
"The power of transaction processing cannot be understated," said Online
Resources CEO Matthew P. Lawlor. "The AOL members will return to their
virtual branch again and again if it is their site for moving money,
paying bills and getting current personal financial information. The
cross selling opportunities for participating financial institution are
Ted Leonis, president of the AOL Service Company, said, "Online
Resources is one of the leading interactive financial services providers
in the industry.
Its focus on financial institutions and their transaction capabilities
nicely complement our focus on consumers and their desire for
value-added services."
Online Resources provides consumer access to its financial institution
customers through the PC via its PC Windows-based software or the World
Wide Web, and through its ScreenPhone and touch tone telephones. AOL
members requesting transactions or personal financial information from
their virtual branch will seamlessly link-up to their financial
institution through Online's Web site and return to the virtual branch
in the AOL Banking Center when they have finished.
America Online Inc., (NASDAQ Symbol: AMER), based in Dulles, Virginia,
is the largest consumer online service in the world, with more than 6.2
million members worldwide. Through its services, AOL offers its
subscribers a wide variety of services including electronic mail,
conferencing, software, computing support, interactive magazines and
newspapers, and online classes, as well as easy and affordable access to
services on the Internet. Founded in 1985, AOL today has a global work
force consisting of more than 5,000 people.
Personal computer owners can obtain America Online software at major
retailers and bookstores or by calling 800/827-6364.
McLean, Va.-based Online Resources & Communications Corp. is a privately
held company founded in 1989. It specializes in providing home banking,
bill paying, investment and other financial services to financial
institutions for resale under their own brand to consumers and small
Online's clients include banks, brokerages, credit unions, ATM networks
and other financial service providers. Currently, Online has 40
institutional clients. Online provides financial institutions with
extensive support services, such as consumer marketing, call center bill
paying software or service, security and communications network
management. Users of Online's services may access their financial
institution through a variety of devices, including the PC, conventional
telephones or the company's low-cost ScreenPhone.
Easy, low-cost access to a variety of interactive financial services is
supported through either private commercial networks or through the
Internet. Online's Web site is News Release (Sanwa Bank): Wednesday, September 4, 1996
Sanwa Among First In U.S. to Offer AOL Subscribers Intuit Software
Sanwa Bank California today became one of the first banks in the United
States to offer online banking and bill payment to the more than 6
million subscribers of America Online (AOL) through a new computer
program developed by the nation's leading maker of personal financial
Developed by Intuit Inc., which also makes Quicken(R), the nation's most
popular personal finance software, the new service has been dubbed
BankNOW(TM) and is available to current Sanwa Bank customers who are
subscribers to America Online, as well as to new customers who sign-up
with America Online and Sanwa Bank.
In conjunction with the introduction of BankNOW, Sanwa Bank has
established a site on America Online to give current and prospective
customers product and service information, as well as a point-and-click
option for opening a new account. The BankNOW software can be downloaded
from Sanwa's site on AOL free of charge.
Sanwa helped pioneer PC banking a year ago when it teamed with both
Intuit and Microsoft Corp. to offer customers a PC home banking option.
At the same time, it launched its site on the World Wide
Web( one of the first to offer consumers the
option of applying for loans, credit cards and other services through
the Internet.
"BankNOW is online banking software created expressly for convenience-
oriented PC users who want a fast, simple and hassle-free way to conduct
online banking and payment transactions," said Kathleen Graham, vice
president for retail banking at Sanwa. "It is a natural outgrowth of our
already state-of-the-art electronic banking capability."
Sanwa customers who sign-up to use BankNOW will have the following
options available:

@_date: 1996-09-18 16:29:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Diffie Hellman - logs in Galois fields 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA19740 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Tue, 17 Sep 96 16:14:54 -0400
Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ay20804;
          17 Sep 96 20:55 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
           id aa23058; 17 Sep 96 20:33 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1996-09-18 23:47:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Bizarre Increase in the Ad Hominems Here 
Detweiler is much smarter than VZNuri (or Timmy). I don't think Timmy
believes his own lies.
Is Timmy gay?  Why does he hate women so much?
Recently, 3 people in the computer security field have independently
told me that Timmy May approached them "off-list" to complain about
things I supposedly say on the Internet - most of which I never said.
When I asked about it on this mailing list, Timmy posted what was shown
to be a lie (about his complaint to Kelly Goen.) Timmy is known as a
nutcase and a liar - if he keeps up his "character assassination"
attacks, the only reputation he hurts is his own.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:10:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
In NYC one has to pay 1c/minute/channel for using ISDN, even for a local call,
which comes out to $1.20/minute for the 2 channels most people have.
It worse than most Western states, with no per minute charges.
It's better than Connecticut, where it costs $6/hour.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:18:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuckhead 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA17484 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 10:09:35 -0400
Received: from crl11.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA03230
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:10:02 -0700
Received: by crl11.crl.com id AA21359
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:08:08 -0700
Priority: Fuckhead
Precedence: Fuckhead
Reply-To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:38:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA17510 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 10:09:46 -0400
Received: from crl11.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA03347
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:10:14 -0700
Received: by crl11.crl.com id AA21244
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:01:51 -0700
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:50:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] 
American Banker, 9/17/96
CHASE TO OFFER DEALERSHIPS AUTO LOAN DECISIONS OVER INTERNET
Chase Manhattan Corp.'s auto financing division has begun using the
Internet to provide dealerships with loan-approval decisions. The bank
is the first of eight financial institutions that have committed to
using the system, developed by IBM Corp. By computerizing loan
applications and sending data electronically, Chase officials said the
bank can grant approvals in as few as two minutes. Up to 50% of the
division's auto loans will be running through the system within the
next 18 months. Chase, the largest car lender not affiliated with a car
company, is connected to six dealerships currently using the system and
will establish connections to 100 dealers with the official introduction
in October. Other financial institutions planning to use the on-line
system include NationsBank Corp., G.E. Capital Auto Financial Services
Inc., Regions Financial Corp., and Citibank Puerto Rico. The dealer's
computer is connected to the Internet through the IBM Globa l Network,
which is also used to retrieve an encrypted report from a credit bureau.
The dealer's pre-established "key" decodes the report and causes the
screen to display one, two, or three stars -- representing poor, fair,
or good credit. This gives the dealer an idea of which financial
institutions are most likely to approve the loan.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-19 12:11:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Bizarre Increase in the Ad Hominems Here 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA18840 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 10:24:36 -0400
Received: from crl11.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA06256
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:25:04 -0700
Received: by crl11.crl.com id AA21481
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:15:24 -0700
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]

@_date: 1996-09-19 12:43:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [joke, non-code] Re: Get this for a snake-oil example :) 
I'm sure Timmy would like to wrap one up in duct tape and shove it
up his ass...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-19 12:46:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuckhead 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA17484 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 10:09:35 -0400
Received: from crl11.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA03230
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:10:02 -0700
Received: by crl11.crl.com id AA21359
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:08:08 -0700
Priority: Fuckhead
Precedence: Fuckhead
Reply-To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]

@_date: 1996-09-19 12:51:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuckhead 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from dfw-ix7.ix.netcom.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA27000 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 21:32:01 -0400
Received: from  (xreznorx at dby-ct1-15.ix.netcom.com [205.186.164.47]) by dfw-ix7.ix.netcom.com (8.6.13/8.6.12) with SMTP id SAA12134 for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 18:31:52 -0700
uh, who the fuck r u?
 (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;

@_date: 1996-09-19 13:05:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A daily warning regarding Timothy C. May 
I agree with Anon - Timmy (fart) is a lying sack of shit. I caught him
"complaining" to various people in the computer security industry
about what I write on the 'net - and he attributes shit to me that
I knows I never wrote. That's lie When confronted with evidence, Timmy further lied about his communication
with one of these people. He's a sad piece of work.
Yes - please, don't send a *daily* Timmy shit to this mailing list. This used
to be a good forum to discuss crypto. Timmy doesn't know much about crypto,
so he's been spamming it with his libertarian crap. Please don't contribute
more shit than we already get from Timmy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-19 17:45:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [206.245.244.5] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10508 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 19 Sep 96 00:00:57 -0400
Received: from GIGANTE ([206.245.244.168]) by irc.io-online.com
          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with SMTP id AAA215
          for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 21:00:07 -0700
Return-Path: Received: from toad.com ([140.174.2.1]) by irc.io-online.com
          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with ESMTP id AAA186
          for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 20:56:47 -0700
Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id RAA26101 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 17:31:02 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from uu.psi.com (uu.psi.com [136.161.128.3]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id RAA26096 for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 17:30:29 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via UUCP;
        id AA21433 for ; Wed, 18 Sep 96 20:18:46 -0400
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA17510 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 10:09:46 -0400
Received: from crl11.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA03347
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:10:14 -0700
Received: by crl11.crl.com id AA21244
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:01:51 -0700
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]

@_date: 1996-09-20 03:09:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
Dr. John M. Grubor created the 'net.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-20 09:03:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from spoof.bART.nl by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA03960 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 19 Sep 96 13:18:03 -0400
Received: (from remailer at localhost) by spoof.bart.nl (8.7.5/8.6.8) id TAA28972 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 19 Sep 1996 19:19:58 +0200 (MET DST)
Comments: Please report misuse of this automated remailing service to  The contents of this message are neither approved or
 condoned by nl.com or our host bART Internet.
 *** Replying to it will not send your reply to the sender ***
 There is no way to determine the originator of this message. If you wish to be blocked from receiving all anonymous mail, send your request to the  mailing list.  The operator of this particular remailer can be reached at Return-Path: Comments: Dole/Kemp '96!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Who created you? You tub of shit?

@_date: 1996-09-20 15:19:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The periodic caveat about Timmy May 
Can we get all this non-crypto-relevant shit off of this mailing list please?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 00:25:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [206.245.244.5] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA09924 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 01:07:49 -0400
Received: from GIGANTE ([206.245.244.204]) by irc.io-online.com
          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with SMTP id AAA186
          for ; Thu, 19 Sep 1996 22:07:13 -0700
Reply-To: "Chris Adams" X-Mailer: Chris Adams's Registered PMMail 1.52 For OS/2
X-Filtered: By PMMail 1.52 For OS/2

@_date: 1996-09-21 00:51:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [206.245.244.5] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10241 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 01:14:30 -0400
Received: from GIGANTE ([206.245.244.204]) by irc.io-online.com
          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with SMTP id AAA199
          for ; Thu, 19 Sep 1996 22:14:03 -0700
Reply-To: "Chris Adams" X-Mailer: Chris Adams's Registered PMMail 1.52 For OS/2
X-Filtered: By PMMail 1.52 For OS/2

@_date: 1996-09-21 01:00:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [206.245.244.5] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10200 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 01:12:21 -0400
Received: from GIGANTE ([206.245.244.204]) by irc.io-online.com
          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with SMTP id AAA184
          for ; Thu, 19 Sep 1996 22:11:52 -0700
Reply-To: "Chris Adams" X-Mailer: Chris Adams's Registered PMMail 1.52 For OS/2
X-Filtered: By PMMail 1.52 For OS/2

@_date: 1996-09-21 03:29:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
News Release (Environics): Monday, September 16, 1996
Smart Card Forum Draws 500 Industry & Government Leaders
SAN FRANCISCO-- The Smart Card Forum today announced that more than 500
industry and government leaders met at its Annual Meeting in San
Francisco to review the progress of smart card technology and to lay the
foundation for the accelerating pace of its adoption during 1997.
Representatives from a "who's who" of government and corporate America
gained first-hand information and senior-level perspectives that will
help them make strategic decisions around the use of smart cards in
emerging markets such as payment, network security, relationship
banking, remote data access, and cellular phone security. The way in
which the combination of PC and smart card technologies will accelerate
the deployment of new applications providing a greater security and
portability on the Internet was an area of particular interest.
"As these exciting new applications are created and gain momentum during
the next five years," says Jean McKenna, Forum President, "the smart
card becomes a logical vehicle for distributed information management,
identification, security and payment." According to McKenna, who also is
V.P. Payment Technologies, Visa International, "The impact will be
revolutionary, widespread and positive -- especially for consumers."
Speakers on the theme: The History of Money - The Future of Payments:
Past, Present and Future Perspectives on How Commerce is Enabled,

@_date: 1996-09-21 03:41:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
New York Times, Tuesday, September 17, 1996
Intuit Selling Bill-Processing Unit For $227 Million
By LAURIE J. FLYNN
Intuit Inc., the United States' leading seller of personal-finance
software, announced Monday that it would sell its electronic
bill-payment processing business to its main competitor in that field,
Checkfree Corp., for $227.6 million in stock.
Intuit, which also announced widening financial losses Monday, now
intends to focus on its core software businesses, while expanding its
services over the Internet.
The deal with Checkfree comes as Intuit is under pressure from the banks
it works with, which want to expand their options for electronic
bill-processing. Currently, banks wishing to provide electronic services
to consumers using Intuit's popular Quicken personal-finance software
have had to operate through Intuit's bill-processing subsidiary, Intuit
Services Corp.
Lately, consumers and financial institutions have shown a preference for
conducting business over the Internet rather than over proprietary
networks like Intuit Services. But while Intuit had come to view bill
processing as a costly distraction, Checkfree said that adding Intuit's
operations would be a cost-effective way of expanding its own main line
of business.
Checkfree, based in Columbus, Ohio, markets its electronic
transaction-processing services exclusively to banks and other financial
institutions. Those customers use Checkfree's services to provide home
banking and bill payment to consumers. Unlike Intuit's network,
Checkfree's operations will work with a variety of personal-finance
With the acquisition of the Intuit Services unit, Checkfree gains
Intuit's relationships with 39 banks and more than 300,000 electronic
bill-processing customers, bringing its total number of bank customers
to 181 and its consumer base to nearly 1.2 million.
The companies, both of whose stocks surged on the news, said they
expected to close the deal by the end of the year, pending regulatory
and shareholder approval. Intuit's stock rose $2.125 a share Monday, to
$32.25; Checkfree gained $3.1875, to $21.25.
Wall Street analysts applauded Intuit's decision to withdraw from what
they said amounted to the back end of the transaction-processing
business, at a time when more full-fledged electronic commerce may
finally be catching on.
In the future, analysts said, Intuit's best on-line opportunities will
be in providing a consumer ``interface'' to the Internet, rather than
getting bogged down in the pipes and plumbing of transaction processing.
And while Intuit remains the leader in its core business - personal
financial-management software - the company is facing increased
competition from Microsoft Corp., maker of a program called Microsoft
Microsoft had agreed to acquire Intuit in October 1994 in a deal worth
roughly $2 billion, but abandoned that plan last year under antitrust
scrutiny from the justice department.
``It's a strategy shift,'' Lise Buyer, an analyst at T. Rowe Price in
Baltimore, said of Intuit's announcement. ``But it's impressive that
Intuit is willing to reverse course so quickly.''
Scott Cook, founder and chairman of Intuit, which is based Menlo Park,
Calif., said that transaction-processing had become a distraction.
``It was a sizable investment of dollars but also of management time and
resources, in a business that is not central to our core competencies,''
Cook said.
As a result of the deal, which includes the transfer of 12.6 million
shares of Checkfree stock, Intuit will acquire a 23 percent stake in
Checkfree. Intuit executives said they planned eventually to reduce the
company's share to 19.9 percent, in order to operate as a minority
shareholder and not have to carry Checkfree's results on Intuit's books.
Intuit also announced widening losses for its fiscal fourth quarter
ended July 31, which it attributed to recent acquisitions of companies
that included Interactive Insurance Services Corp. Including charges,
the fourth-quarter net loss grew to $22 million, or 48 cents a share,
from $1.4 million, or 3 cents a share, a year earlier. That was in line
with analysts' expectations.
Checkfree's chief executive and chairman, Peter Kight, said that his
company would lose money in 1997 as a result of the Intuit Services
acquisition. But he called it a necessary step, as banks step up their
on-line efforts.
While the Checkfree acquisition may be subject to government scrutiny,
neither analysts nor the companies expect any antitrust delays -
primarily because there are other large competitors in the electronic
check-clearing business.
Last week, for example, IBM added itself to that list, with the
announcement of Integrion, a venture with 22 banks to provide electronic
bill-processing and other transactions.
The Checkfree deal will enable Intuit to concentrate on its growing
array of Internet-based on-line services. Bill Harris, Intuit's
executive vice president, said Intuit would begin to offer ``front-end''
banking services over the Internet by late next year.
American Banker: Tuesday, September 17, 1996
Rumors of MasterCard's Plans To Buy Mondex Nearing Reality
By VALERIE BLOCK
MasterCard International is nearing an agreement to acquire Mondex, the
stored value smart card technology developed by National Westminster
Bank of London.
The deal, which has been the subject of months of negotiations and
rumors, was hinted at in a speech that MasterCard president H. Eugene
Lockhart made in China 10 days ago.
Officially, MasterCard and Mondex refused to comment, but sources inside
both companies confirmed that a deal is imminent.
Mr. Lockhart said in his speech that MasterCard would announce a major
acquisition in the chip card sector in the next month. According to
Reuters, he said the acquisition "would be global in scope and involve
an alliance of 20 major banks."
He also said MasterCard would own the "intellectual property rights
stemming from the deal."
National Westminster spun off its smart card unit in July, creating
Mondex International Ltd., a joint venture with 17 bank partners
worldwide. With three Japanese banks close to announcing Mondex
franchises, the 20 banks referred to by Mr. Lockhart would be accounted
Mr. Lockhart also told Reuters that People's Bank of China is
considering a smart card launch. He may have mentioned the pending
agreement to entice the bank.
Mr. Lockhart was in China to promote Maestro, MasterCard's on-line debit
brand, which will now be available through the Agricultural Bank of
Industry observers thought Mondex's incorporation in July laid to rest
rumors of a MasterCard takeover, which were circulating all summer. But
it may have served to make the smart card company more attractive.
"Before the announcement, Mondex looked a little tenuous," said a
knowledgeable source. "After the (incorporation), it looked like
something of value."
The source also said that MasterCard's smart card strategy, which began
with considerable fanfare more than two years ago, has fallen short of
expectations, prompting Mr. Lockhart to seek a remedy.
MasterCard's major smart card venture has been a pilot in Canberra,
Australia, which started nine months ago. Visa, by contrast, is running
several tests of its stored-value system globally. Several executives
responsible for MasterCard's early efforts, including Philip Verdi and
Robin Townend, have left the company in recent months.
The deal would be a boon to both companies, sources said. While Mondex
has increased its clout with incorporation, it's still facing "an uphill
battle" to achieve worldwide acceptance, said the source. "Distribution
is what you could assume Mondex is after," he added.
National Westminster retained ownership of Mondex patents and trademark.
It stands to recoup its substantial investment in the technology -- on
top of a potential $150 million from Mondex franchise owners -- if the
MasterCard deal is consummated. The bank remains a minority shareholder
in Mondex International.
Though the industry pooh-poohed National Westminster's initial efforts
to put the fledgling payments system on the map, persistent marketing --
coupled with a strong technological base -- seems to be paying off.
Electronic wallets, smart phones, and card-to-card monetary transfers
set Mondex apart from some less ambitious smart card programs.
With powerful investors like Wells Fargo & Co. in the United States,
Royal Bank of Canada, as well as Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp.,
the new brand has gained credibility as a major contender in the chip
card market.
"Mondex blazed a trail," said Peter Hall, PSI International's managing
director of consulting in London. MasterCard would be "buying into a
pool of knowledge, buying into the partners," he added.
Card industry sources said MasterCard and Mondex have many details to
address before they can conclude a deal, including corporate structure
and governance.
One of the biggest issues will be whether to retain the Mondex trademark
or "go with the strength of the MasterCard brand," said a source close
to the deal. That decision will be made "down the road," he added.
The deal is expected to close within three months. No papers have been
signed to date.
American Banker: Tuesday, September 17, 1996
Chase to Offer Dealerships Auto Loan Decisions Over Internet
By DREW CLARK
Chase Manhattan Corp.'s auto financing division has begun using the
Internet to provide dealerships with loan-approval decisions.
The bank is the first of eight financial institutions that have
committed to using the system, developed by International Business
Machines Corp.
By computerizing loan applications and sending data electronically,
Chase officials said the bank can grant approvals in as few as two
"It reduces my costs and adds to dealer satisfaction by getting a quick
turnaround," said James B. Brew, president of Chase Automotive Finance
Up to 50% of the division's auto loans will be running through the
system within the next 18 months, he said.
Chase, the largest car lender not affiliated with a car company, is
connected to six dealerships currently using the system and will
establish connections to 100 dealers with the official introduction in
Other financial institutions planning to use the on-line system include
NationsBank Corp., Charlotte, N.C.; GE Capital Auto Financial Services
Inc., Barrington, Ill.; Regions Financial Corp., Birmingham, Ala.; and
Citibank Puerto Rico. The auto finance program, residing on the dealer's
personal computer, features a user-friendly screen display with
step-by-step instructions and error checks. Auto dealers can manually
override the screens. The dealer's computer is connected to the Internet
through the IBM Global Network, which is also used to retrieve an
encrypted report from a credit bureau.
The dealer's pre-established "key" decodes the report and causes the
screen to display one, two, or three stars - representing poor, fair, or
good credit. This gives the dealer an idea of which financial
institutions are most likely to approve the loan.
"If the consumer is looking over the dealer's shoulder, they don't see
the word 'loser' flash on the screen," said Neil Lustig, manager of the
project for IBM, explaining the rating system.
Although Chase currently is the only bank with a direct Internet
connection to the system, the dealer can still send loan applications to
other institutions by adding their fax numbers to the screen display.
"We piloted this in our Saturn dealership, and it lent to the customer-
friendly atmosphere perfectly," said John Burns, a dealer in Hempstead,
The system costs about $700 a month, but it can also replace existing
printers and fax machines.
"The old system involved faxing applications which came back with the
credit worthiness in a few hours," Mr. Burns said.
Now, "the information is going in immediately and is analyzed
immediately. If there is a glitch, you can discuss it."
IBM said it plans to extend connections for peripheral services like
auto insurance and extended warranties. In about a year, the company
plans to publish a World Wide Web site offering auto insurance directly
to individual customers, said Mr. Lustig.
"When enough people use the Internet, the economic model will change,"
he said. "If we did that today, we would just disintermediate the
News Release (Wired): Tuesday, September 17, 1996
Citibank's Retired CEO Walter Wriston on the Future of Money
SAN FRANCISCO Though he's in his 70s, Walter Wriston may be the world's
most wired banker.
As chairman and CEO of Citibank in the '60s, '70s and '80s -- a time
when money began turning itself into digital bits and bytes and flowing
around the world via satellite transponders and fiber-optic cables --
Wriston was a major force in the creation of the modern, global,
technological financial system.
Wriston retired in 1984, but his vision of banking is still
In an interview with Thomas Bass in the October issue of Wired, Wriston
talks about digital money, the new economy, and prospects for the
nation-state in an increasingly borderless, networked world.
During Wriston's reign, Citibank became the banking industry's
technology leader, guiding its customers away from the local teller
window toward a new way of banking -- automated, online, checkless, and
international, based on distributed networks of computers and ATMs. When
Wriston retired, Citibank was the largest bank in the country, and its
investment in computer hardware and software approached US$1.75 billion.
In a revealing exchange, Wriston doubts whether banks will be running
the financial supermarkets of the future as they continue to lose ground
against non-bank financial powerhouses, such as Merrill Lynch and
General Electric.
Wriston says the future of cash lies in smartcards. Already in wide use
in France, Japan, and Germany, smartcards can be secure and
rechargeable, protected by digital photographs or DNA signatures.
According to Wriston, the creation of an international standard for
encryption is inevitable "because it's necessary for the safety of the
What about the export controls on strong encryption imposed by the U.S.
government? Wriston says to lift them: "You can buy better stuff in
Europe than you can here. We don't have a monopoly on brains."
As for censorship on the Net? "There is no way on God's green Earth the
government can exercise censorship of the Net in any meaningful way."
On the nature of markets, Wriston believes the spread of economic
freedom leads to the spread of political freedom. "Markets are self-
correcting. That's why I trust markets more than governments.
Governments usually aren't self-correcting, until it's too late." Find
out why the value of money is hooked to nothing other than the
information that flows through it -- in the October issue of Wired.
Thomas Bass is the author of "The Eduaemonic Pie." His latest book,
"Vietnamerica: The War Comes Home," is published by Soho Press. Wired
4.10 is available on newsstands for US$4.95, by calling 800/SO WIRED, or
by sending email to subscriptions at wired.com.
Fortune: September 30, 1996
What's New About Digital Cash?
By Justin Fox
E-money is coming, and it's about time. The advance of "smart cards,"
digital checks, and Internet cash will change how people shop and do
business. Banking should become more efficient and less aggravating. It
may even become possible to make money on the Net. But don't let all the
conferences, cover stories, and alarmist pronouncements on the subject
get you too excited--or scared. E- or no e-, it's still just money.
For currency traders and others dealing in huge sums, who have long been
able to zap billions of dollars across the globe in seconds, money as
electrons isn't anything new. Nearly 90% of the money that changes hands
in the U.S. every day does so electronically.
It's that other 10%, which slouches along in the form of cash and
checks, that e-money promises to change. And why not? Would anyone wax
nostalgic about today's unbearable slowness of check clearing, in which
banks that do their bookkeeping on computers hire fleets of airplanes to
fly bundles of paper checks around the country every night?
It will be years before the planes are grounded, but there are already
signs of hope. Lots of regular transfers, like paychecks, are already
handled electronically; banks are offering checklike debit cards; and
Visa is testing utility bills that are sent out and paid online. Visa,
Mastercard, and a British multibank venture called Mondex are rolling
out chip-based smart cards that can store digital cash. The card
companies, banks, and assorted startups are on the verge of making it
easy and (relatively) safe to pay for things over the Internet. These
e-money peddlers smell huge opportunities in the $ 4 trillion of U.S.
consumer purchases that are still paid for each year with cash and
checks. "If we can just electronify a small percentage of that, you can
see what that will do to our business," says Carl Pascarella, CEO of
Visa USA.
A few problems need solving before e-money achieves ubiquity--like fraud
and consumer resistance. But credit cards overcame similar problems in
the 1960s, and like credit cards, e-money is too compelling not to take
off. E-money costs much less to handle than paper cash or checks, and it
offers consumers the ease and safety of credit cards without many of
their limitations. (Credit card transaction costs make small payments
uneconomical; they can only be used to buy things from merchants who are
part of the card network; and they do not offer the protection of
anonymity.) When e-money does hit it big, it will profoundly change--and
greatly expand--electronic commerce. Software could be paid for on a
per-use basis--a tenth of a cent a time, say. Journalism could be bought
by the article. Anybody could set up an online business and instantly
rake in revenue.
What e-money probably won't do, however, is fundamentally transform the
nature of money, although a lot of technoprophets think it will.
Auguries tend to vary on a theme: Money and central banks as we know
them will disappear, national currencies will become extinct, etc. A
particularly alarming Web tract on the topic predicts we'll all be
tattooed with something akin to a universal pricing code to make sure
we're not using someone else's smart card. Hidden in the code will be
the numbers "666." And we all know what that means.
Mainstream economic theory has no answer for the 666 contention, but the
other concerns (or hopes, depending on who's talking) are pretty easily
dismissed as overheated hoo-hah. The one truly revolutionary change in
money over the past couple of centuries has been the switch from coins
made of precious metals to notes made of paper. It was in 1971, when the
world's major currencies threw off their last remaining shackles to
gold, that money became imaginary stuff, its value derived purely from
Compared with that, switching from paper imaginary money to digital
imaginary money simply isn't that big a deal. It won't expand the money
supply. It won't of itself make national currencies irrelevant. Digital
money can indeed move faster, over mountains and across borders, than
paper checks or cash--hence reducing governments' ability to control its
flow. But the big money started moving this way in the 1970s, at the
time setting off all sorts of alarms about the loss of central bank
power. "The striking parallels give the distinct impression that 'we've
been here before,' " Fed governor Edward Kelley said at a recent
conference. "Then as now, the potential impact on monetary policy of new
electronic payment products has been greatly exaggerated." Fed governors
can be wrong, of course. But since much economic activity will remain
forever off line, it's hard to see how e-money could entirely supplant
national currencies in the real world. Unless technology makes it
possible to digitally pay for and deliver, say, a pizza. When that
happens, there will be no denying it: E-money (and e-anchovies) will
have transformed the world. --Justin Fox
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 03:48:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Washington Post: Monday, September 16, 1996
Players With Paperless Money
By Michelle Singletary
Banking via personal computer is expected to increase 600 percent in the
next two years, according to a 1996 technology report by the American
Bankers Association and the Ernst & Young accounting firm. Telephone
banking is predicted to grow 50 percent over the next two years and some
experts estimate that 30 percent of U.S. households will be banking
electronically by 2000.
Little known to most consumers, the Washington area is home to a small
but burgeoning subset of the electronic banking industry. The companies
in this emerging market, many of them clustered in Northern Virginia,
are helping to build the technological infrastructure that is rapidly
changing how, when and where consumers bank.
Companies such as US Order, Online Resources & Communications Corp.,
Transaction Network Services (TNS), Visa Interactive and CyberCash Inc.,
all based in Northern Virginia, are members of a group of start-up
technology companies that are helping facilitate the delivery of
electronic and phone banking services.
"The D.C. area has a nice cross section of aggressive and innovative
home banking players," said Phoebe Simpson, an analyst with New
York-based Jupiter Communications Co., a market research firm for the
on-line industry.
Banking and technology experts agree that these Northern Virginia
companies have become integral partners with banks in building the
infrastructure that will support electronic commerce.
They are selling the software, hardware, processing services,
communication linkups and back-office support systems that enable
financial institutions to interact with their customers outside of bank
While bank offices are not in danger of disappearing, bankers are
increasingly looking for lower-cost delivery channels. Most are turning
to outside electronic commerce companies to help them set up their own
on-line or phone banking systems.
"What we have now is banking without boundaries. Banks now need to
cooperate and collaborate with a whole new source of channel operators,"
said Richard Crone, vice president and general manager of CyberCash.
"Our charter is to empower customers to do their banking anywhere, any
time or with anything."
One reason many of these companies have set up shop here, said company
executives and banking consultants, is to be near such technology firms
as Washington-based MCI Communications Corp., Dulles-based America
Online Inc. and PSINet Inc., an Internet access company based in
"We are the de facto Silicon Valley for on-line information companies,"
said John J. McDonnell Jr., president and CEO of TNS of Reston. The
company has developed a low-cost system for facilitating high-speed,
point-of-sale transactions, such as those made with credit or debit
Many company executives said they decided to launch their firms in
Northern Virginia because of its proximity to banking regulators and
lawmakers, who are trying to determine how electronic banking technology
will affect consumers and what laws might be needed to protect
"This industry is important and will have a lot of regulatory need,"
said David Weisman, director of money and technology strategies for
Forrester Research Inc., a consulting firm in Cambridge, Mass.
But chief among the reasons for the growing number of electronic banking
companies is the Washington area's highly skilled labor force, Weisman
The labor pool in the area is overflowing with engineers and others with
telecommunications and software experience, said Matthew P. Lawlor,
chairman and CEO of Online Resources in McLean.
For the most part, the on-line technology companies in this region don't
compete with one another, experts said. Instead, each has positioned
itself to fill certain niches in the electronic banking industry. In
fact, many of the companies are linked financially or have developed
For example, TNS got its start-up capital of $ 1.5 million from William
N. Melton, CyberCash's co-founder. US Order sold its core on-line
banking operations to Visa Interactive, and 50 of its employees went to
work for the newly formed company. Now the two companies market each
other's services.
"This is a monstrous market and no single organization is going to
dominate," said William Gorog, chief operating officer of US Order.
Gorog said CyberCash's concentration on developing secure payment
systems for electronic commerce on the Internet is good for US Order's
business. CyberCash, based in Herndon, currently uses encryption
technology for secure transmission of credit-card data.
Online Resources has decided to go after small and medium-size banks to
sell its home banking services. Online's services include home banking
via computer, bill-paying software, screen-based telephones and
interactive voice response systems for touch-tone telephones.
"A company like Online Resources allows a small bank like us to get into
this technology at a much more reasonable rate," said Frank Bentz, vice
president of communications for Sandy Spring National Bank, an Ol
ney-based banking institution with assets of $ 920 million.
Visa Interactive of Herndon, which offers some of the same services as
Online Resources, has signed up some of the nation's largest financial
institutions including Banc One Corp. of Ohio, Barnett Banks Inc. of
Jacksonville, Fla., and the Pentagon Federal Credit Union, the
second-largest credit union in the Washington area.
"These companies are the pioneers in this industry," said James Wells,
managing director for electronic commerce at Washington-based Furash &
Co., a financial services consulting firm. "By and large, the technology
and innovation that is facilitating electronic commerce is not coming
out of the banks."
Although experts said the electronic commerce companies in Northern
Virginia are still relatively small, they are creating a significant
base of high-paying technical jobs. Software developers at TNS earn $
50,000 to $ 85,000 annually, according to McDonnell.
"This is not minimum-wage work," McDonnell said. "We have not spawned a
lot of jobs but you have to look at the trickle-down effect. We pay big
salaries so our employees can buy big cars."
In just two years, CyberCash has quadrupled its employment to 160, half
of whom work in the area. TNS has 110 employees, up from 45 just two
years ago. Online Resources, which had 50 employees at the end of last
year, now has 80. In the next several months, the company expects have
100 employees.
"I think that the idea of creating brand-new companies and employing a
hundred-plus people, especially at high-end salaries like what engineers
make, will have a definite impact on the area," said Magdelena Yesil,
one of the founders of CyberCash who recently left the company to start
another technology firm.
"People are beginning to see Virginia as an area similar to Silicon
Valley, an area for launching technology companies. There is a sense of
excitement." Transaction Network Services
Like many entrepreneurs, John J. McDonnell Jr. was working for another
company when he came up with the idea for TNS.
McDonnell had been president and CEO of Digital Radio Network Inc., a
Tysons Corner firm that used radio waves to carry point-of-sale
transactions. McDonnell discovered that a fast-dial service could be
created to carry the signal using the 950 dial-up access offered by
local telephone carriers.
McDonnell said he took this idea to Digital Radio's directors, but they
weren't interested. So, he asked if he could trade in his stake in
Digital Radio -- 4 percent of its stock -- in exchange for the right to
start up a company using the idea for the transaction-oriented system.
He left Digital Radio in 1989.
In less than five years, TNS has become one of the biggest players in
this electronic banking niche. TNS processes about 2.2 billion
point-of-sale transactions a year and has captured about 30 percent of
the market.
The company was profitable after its first year, McDonnell said. For its
most recent quarter, ended June 30, TNS reported net income of $ 1.5
million (12 cents a share), a 36 percent increase from income of $ 1.1
million (10 cents) for the same period a year earlier. The company had a
year-over-year increase of 66 percent in transaction volume from its
point-of-sale division.
On June 3, 1991, the first day of of its operation, TNS carried 43
transactions from two Sizzler steakhouses in Arlington, McDonnell said.
At 3 cents a transaction, the company generated $ 1.29 in revenue that
day. On June 3, 1996, the company handled 5.6 million transactions at an
average cost of 2 cents -- taking in $ 118,000 for the day.
"I am a happy man," McDonnell said.
Online Resources & Communications Corp. Matthew P. Lawlor views Online
Resources as a one-stop shop for banks that want to provide electronic
banking options for their customers.
"My vision is that there will not be a single device that will be the
winner in on-line banking," Lawlor said.
Instead of guessing which new electronic banking technology consumers
will embrace, the chairman and chief executive of Online Resources has
decided to offer a full range of services to banks.
Lawlor sees a future in which consumers will want to link up to their
bank via touch-tone phone, personal computer, a specially designed
screen-based telephone, television set or other devices that have not
yet been designed.
"In essence, the technology is moving so fast, half of what we do is
keeping up with it," Lawlor said.
Lawlor said he has positioned Online Resources to provide small and
medium-size financial institutions with any of the applications and
support systems they need to market interactive bank services.
In a year, privately held Online Resources has gone from a client list
of seven financial institutions to 42 today, including Washington-based
Riggs Bank, First Virginia Banks of Falls Church and Baltimore-based
Harbor Bank.
"In the very beginning, we focused on the big guys but many of these big
banks have their own technology people," he said. "Many of the small and
mid-size banks need our skills."
CyberCash Inc.
CyberCash executives are quite clear on their company's role in
electronic banking: It is a contractor building the "infostructure" that
will allow banks to link up to their customers in cyberspace.
"If you asked a banker 10 years ago what business he was in, he would
say loans, deposits and transactions," said Richard Crone of CyberCash.
"That's like saying Amtrak is in the railroad business, when they are in
the transportation business. Banks today are in the information
business," he said. "The value they have, for example, is informing
someone that their loan has been prequalified."
Crone thinks the personal computer is the bank branch of the future,
through which hundreds of thousands of customers will want to conduct
their banking and bill-paying business.
"Consumers are going to be looking for the electronic connections that
will let them reach out to the banks any time and anywhere," he said.
To help move that process along, CyberCash has developed and will soon
begin to test software that would allow credit card firms, utility
companies and other businesses to securely receive their bills over the
CyberCash is banking that consumers will want to review their bills this
way and that with a double-click of a mouse will access an account and
pay their creditors electronically.
"We want to provide the ability to fund value in an electronic wallet,"
Crone said.
Visa Interactive
In 1994, Visa Interactive, a subsidiary of Visa International, entered
the on-line industry by purchasing the electronic banking and
bill-paying operations of US Order.
Now, experts are predicting that Herndon-based Visa Interactive, with
its credit-card ties to thousands of financial institutions, could
catapult ahead of competitors such as Online Resources. The company has
signed up more than 90 financial institutions for its remote banking
Visa's goal, like those of other remote banking firms, is to build a
network of services that preserve financial institutions' identities and
customer relationships, much like its parent does with its credit-card
"I think you will see, two years down the road, that Visa Interactive
will have a rich offering of services and they will be among the major
players in terms of revenue," said Simpson of Jupiter Communications.
US Order
Although Herndon-based US Order sold a core part of its home banking
services to Visa International two years ago, it is still a key player
in the electronic commerce industry.
"We are right in the middle of the electronic banking business," said
John C. Backus, US Order's president and chief operating officer.
Among its services are bank-branded customer service, centers that
handle calls for phone banking, touch-tone telephone voice recognition
hardware and software systems for home banking. It also sells PC-based
remote banking technology and screen-based telephones, which at a retail
cost of $ 299 can dial into a consumer's bank, provide stock quotes,
sports scores, news and weather information or a nationwide directory
assistance service.
"We enable the banks to open up the whole range of electronic commerce,"
said Gorog, US Order's CEO.
Gorog said he's excited that his company and other Northern Virginia
firms are part of an industry redefining consumer banking.
"The opportunity to change the banking business is exhilarating," Gorog
"It's so exciting that we are changing people's banking habits."
Time: September 23, 1996
Cashless, Not Bankless
By Adam Zagorin
After watching everyone from Microsoft to Meca Software gobble up
online-banking customers, banks have become eager to prove that they're
not headed for extinction.
Last week IBM and a group of 15 U.S. and Canadian banking behemoths,
including Bank of America, Banc One and Mellon Bank, unveiled a venture
that aims to provide a full range of financial services to the banks' 60
million customers at the touch of a telephone button or the click of a
Called Integrion, the partnership will phase in such activities as bill
paying, electronic lending and stock and bond trading beginning next
year. "If we are dinosaurs," says Robert Gillespie, the chief executive
of Cleveland-based KeyCorp, "then we're putting competitors on notice
that a new breed has evolved with a voracious appetite for expanded
market share."
Perhaps so, but the new predators have some catching up to do. Fewer
than 300 U.S. banks have set up Internet sites. Most analysts give the
holdouts four years to either get wired or get left far behind.
Consumers can already pay bills and check balances through computer
networks like America Online and CompuServe. Microsoft, too, has been
signing up banks to provide electronic financial services. Integrion
plans to battle the software giant by linking consumers to accounts
through the Internet, and with financial software like Intuit's Quicken.
The partners will also set up interactive kiosks that act like bank
branches for home banking away from home. "With this new venture," says
IBM chairman Louis Gerstner, "electronic commerce will take its biggest
step forward to date."
The ambitious project will join a host of so-called E-money experiments
that are popping up around the globe. The goal is to replace cash and
checks with electronic transactions that cost just pennies to process.
Citibank, a leader in this push for a cashless society, is developing
what it calls an Electronic Monetary System that will permit consumers
and companies to make payments electronically anywhere in the world.
Visa, fresh off a test of 300,000 smart cards--plastic embedded with a
cache of electronic cash--at the Atlanta Olympics, will soon launch
similar projects in 14 other countries, including Canada, Australia and
in Hong Kong.
E-money devotees like Valerie Baptiste, a San Francisco secretary, think
cash is passe. Baptiste pays for her morning bagel and decaf with a
smart card designed by Britain's Mondex and being tested in the U.S.
with partners that include Wells Fargo and AT&T. As other customers
fumble with change, Baptiste hands her card to a cashier who takes less
than five seconds to punch it into a machine that deducts $ 2.15 from
the stored-up funds. "This is the beginning of the end of cash,"
Baptiste says. Unless banks charge swiftly into the E-money era, it
could be the end of many of them too.
Associated Press: Tuesday, September 17, 1996
Merchants Like Smart Cards to Keep Tabs on Customers
By PATRICIA LAMIELL
Merchants are attracted to "smart cards" as a way to gather information
about their customers, according to a survey released Monday by a group
promoting the plastic cash cards that are embedded with a computer chip.
Results were released at the opening of the two-day convention of the
group, the Smart Card Forum, which also is trying to to convince the
public that smart cards are protected and confidential.
Customers can use smart cards like debit cards or automatic teller
cards, to pay for anything from gas to groceries. Because the card also
has a computer chip, it can keep track of what consumers buy and when,
and how much they spend.
"A smart card can store data about customers, such as product
preferences, spending history, and important information that can help
provide improved personalized customers service," said Cliff Wilke, vice
president for business development at Mobil Oil Credit Corp.
Polls done by the Harris organization and the forum have shown that
consumers are receptive to using smart cards but concerned about storing
personal data on them. In a 1995 forum study, 70 percent asked what
safeguards exist to prevent unauthorized access to their personal,
financial and medical information.
Merchants surveyed by the Smart Card Forum said the cards made
transactions quicker and cheaper for them. They also said the cards made
it easy to gather information on customers for use in marketing and
promotional programs, and for loyalty programs like frequent flier
Most merchants surveyed said they believed consumers spend more when
they pay with a credit or debit card than when they pay with cash. The
study found other benefits to merchants such as theft prevention.
The study also indicated that the cards don't have to be used that much
to make them cost-effective for the merchant.
"Grocery stores, convenience stores, movie theaters and gasoline
retailers indicated that a mere 2 to 10 percent - an extremely low
threshold of consumer demand - is required for them to realize the
benefits of smart cards," the group said.
While the survey results released by the forum highlighted selling
points for the cards, recent tests have revealed obstacles to be
overcome to win merchant and consumer acceptance.
Consumers were frustrated when they found some merchants listed in smart
card directories either had not installed equipment for using the cards
or stopped using the equipment because of malfunctions, according to an
independent study of the Visa Cash Card tests at the Olympics in
But that study, released earlier this month by Brittain Associates Inc.,
also reported that most smart card users said they found the card
attractive and would use it in the future if the number of merchants
accepting it increased dramatically.
The Smart Card Forum interviewed 65 major merchants in 11 categories,
such as grocery, gas, convenience stores, drug stores, restaurants and
Established in 1993, the forum has more than 225 corporate and
government members including Chase Manhattan Corp., Citibank, MCI
Communications Inc., MasterCard, Visa, International Business Machines
Corp., Microsoft Corp., Mobil and Delta Air Lines Inc. Federal agency
members include the Postal Service, the Federal Reserve, and the
treasury and defense departments.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 04:57:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The periodic caveat about Timmy May 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from uhost1.servtech.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA16482 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 10:22:57 -0400
Received: from mocha.hotliquid.com (mocha.hotliquid.com [204.249.118.9]) by uhost1.servtech.com (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id OAA03529; Fri, 20 Sep 1996 14:22:53 GMT
Received: from [150.160.45.150] by mocha.hotliquid.com (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
X-Sender: darius at hotliquid.com
Sorry, dear, but complaining isn't going to change it, and simple telling people
to shut the fuck up is going to go nowhere.  If you want solely crypto relevent
material, subscribe to the filtered list.  I mean, come on -- you know this list
is suseptable (sp?) to noise and spam.
Besides, people suggest to me that you are the anonymous mailer.  So maybe you
should keep a low profile on this.
If in fact we are the only intelligent life on this planet, why the fuck are
we in this goddamn mess?
Find my public key on the World Wide Web -- point your browser at:

@_date: 1996-09-21 05:01:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from uhost1.servtech.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA16770 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 10:26:25 -0400
Received: from mocha.hotliquid.com (mocha.hotliquid.com [204.249.118.9]) by uhost1.servtech.com (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id OAA03565; Fri, 20 Sep 1996 14:26:20 GMT
Received: from [150.160.45.150] by mocha.hotliquid.com (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
X-Sender: darius at hotliquid.com
Dude, why do you even bother?  It is simply not constructive to keep insulting
and stabbing at people.  You gripe about the non-crypto-relevent stuff, then
you go and create it repeatedly.  If you don't like what people have to say,
take your potty mouth to another list.
If in fact we are the only intelligent life on this planet, why the fuck are
we in this goddamn mess?
Find my public key on the World Wide Web -- point your browser at:

@_date: 1996-09-21 06:28:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [joke, non-code] Re: Get this for a snake-oil example : 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from relay-4.mail.demon.net by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA19108 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 10:51:21 -0400
Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-4.mail.demon.net  id ad15131;
          20 Sep 96 14:41 GMT
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
           id aa06534; 20 Sep 96 15:36 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1996-09-21 09:37:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dimitri Spams 
I see you lied when you claimed to have killfiled me.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 11:20:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A daily warning regarding Tim C[ocksucker] Maya, the ... 
A: Because he can.
One day Timmy and Jimmy were hanging out and they saw a dog licking his balls.
"I wish I could do that," said Jimmy.
"You better pet him first," said Timmy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 11:26:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A daily warning regarding Timothy C. May 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA02597 for dvl at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 19 Sep 96 23:39:14 -0400
Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ah16490;
          19 Sep 96 17:22 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
           id aa18174; 19 Sep 96 17:06 BST
Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1996-09-21 11:29:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
You are confused. The above question was e-mailed to me by one of Timmy May's
friends. I just forward their e-mail to this mailing list. I don't read it.
If you have any comments about Timmy May's friends not knowing English,
trying to insult people, and posting non-crypto-relevant political rants,
address them to Timmy May and his friends.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 11:30:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CIA hacked 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from weaver-gw.netapp.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10139 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 20 Sep 96 09:16:24 -0400
Received: from netapp.com ([192.9.200.1]) by weaver.netapp.com with SMTP id <15867-119>; Fri, 20 Sep 1996 06:17:39 +0100
Received: from elgreco.netapp.com by netapp.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Received: by elgreco.netapp.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Actually, english being my native language, and having paid attention
in school, that should be:
Who created you, you tub of shit?

@_date: 1996-09-21 22:16:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: DL in exchange for fingerprint 
In NYC a very high percentage of drivers don't have licences, have suspended
licences, etc. Generally no one has the time to bother with them unless they
want to nail them for something else. A couple of years ago we were involved in
a minor car accident with a Chassidic Jew who tried to leave the scene of the
accident. My wife chased him and stopped him. :-) The cops came and discovered
that he had no papers (including no driver's licence, no insurance, etc). They
gave him about $500 worth of tickets for driving without a licence, leaving the
scene of an accident, etc (which I rather doubt he was planning to pay) and let
him drive on (still without the licence).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-21 22:34:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuckhead 
^^^^
You are confused. The 'fuckhead' posts (quoting my entire wire clippings and
adding the word 'fuckhead' at the end) are not mine. They are sent to me by
Timmy May's friends. I just forward them to this mailing list. I believe
they're at least as relevant as Timmy May's political rants.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-22 13:25:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May's spam (Was: Re: CIA hacked) 
You're right - the forwarding mechanism I've been using so far just yanks in
the spam e-mail without any processing. I will henceforth
 1) Put the words 'Tim', 'May', and 'spam' in the subject line
 2) Put some obvious ASCII prefix in front of the quotes.
I apologize for any confusion.
No. Let me remind you the sequence of events, in chronological order:
1. Timmy May (who picked up a few popular PKC buzzwords, doesn't know
anything about crypto, and isn't interested in learning) started spamming
this mailing list with political rants
2. Most people who used to discuss crypto work on this mailing list
have unsubscribed.
3. I pointed out a few examples of Tim making factually bogus claims in
his rants.
4. Tim got very angry at me and started flaming me. I ignored him.
5. Tim posted a series of rants about me, attributing to me various
nonsense I never said. I pointed out once that I never said it and
then ignored him.
6. Recently it came to my attention that Tim's been contacting off-list
various people in the computer security field and "complaining" about
the politically incorrect things that I supposedly say on the Internet
- except that he made up most of the "things" he complained about.
7. At this point I pointed out quite publicly that he's a liar.
8. Since that time, several friends of Tim May (or maybe Tim himself,
using multiple accounts) have been sending me harrassing e-mail, often
by quoting my own cypherpunks articles and adding an obscenity.
9. Tim himself continues flaming me and telling lies about me (see his
recent rant with the subject "death threats").
And you see, Timmy May is an obsessive liar and a vindictive nutcase.
I still hope to be able discuss crypto on this mailing list (yes, my Ph.D.
thesis was about crypto), but I see two problems:
1. A lot of people have already left this list, unwilling to be subjected
to Tim May's rants, lies, and personal attacks. If I post something crypto-
relevant to this mailing list, they won't see it.
2. Here's an example of the net-abuse being perpetrated by Tim May and his
merry gang of mailbombers. I posted some crypto-relevant wire clippings
to this mailing list. Either Tim (using an alternate account) or some pal
of his e-mailed it back to me with an obscenity appended.
]From adamsc at io-online.com  Thu Sep 19 00:00:57 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Thu, 19 Sep 96 00:49:21 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from [206.245.244.5] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA10508 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 19 Sep 96 00:00:57 -0400
]Received: from GIGANTE ([206.245.244.168]) by irc.io-online.com
]          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with SMTP id AAA215
]          for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 21:00:07 -0700
]Return-Path: ]Received: from toad.com ([140.174.2.1]) by irc.io-online.com
]          (post.office MTA v2.0 0813 ID# 285-17715) with ESMTP id AAA186
]          for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 20:56:47 -0700
]Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id RAA26101 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 17:31:02 -0700 (PDT)
]Received: from uu.psi.com (uu.psi.com [136.161.128.3]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id RAA26096 for ; Wed, 18 Sep 1996 17:30:29 -0700 (PDT)
]Received: by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via UUCP;
]        id AA21433 for ; Wed, 18 Sep 96 20:18:46 -0400
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Wed, 18 Sep 96 12:11:04 EDT
]	for cypherpunks at toad.com
]To: "dlv at bwalk.dm.com" ]Subject: Re: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings
]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Message-Id: <5gLguD3w165w at bwalk.dm.com>
]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 96 12:11:03 EDT
]In-Reply-To: <199609181401.AA21244 at crl11.crl.com>
]Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
]Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
]Precedence: bulk
]>From varange at crl.com  Wed Sep 18 10:09:46 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Wed, 18 Sep 96 11:07:02 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA17510 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 18 Sep 96 10:09:46 -0400
]Received: from crl11.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA03347
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:10:14 -0700
]Received: by crl11.crl.com id AA21244
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:01:51 -0700
]From: varange at crl.com (Troy Varange)
]Message-Id: <199609181401.AA21244 at crl11.crl.com>
]Subject: Re: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings
]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 07:01:50 -0700 (PDT)
]In-Reply-To: <3kJFuD96w165w at bwalk.dm.com> from "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" at Sep 17, 96 10:32:37 pm
]X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]Content-Length: 19290
]> Money Laundering Alert: August 1996
]> 'Unauthorized' Banks Pose Laundering Threat
]> They are subject to none of the recordkeeping or reporting requirements
]> of the Bank Secrecy Act, receive no examinations from any banking
]> regulator, and may be on your bank's currency transaction reporting
]> exemption list.
]> The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency refers to them as
]> "entities that may be conducting banking operations in the U.S. without
]> a license." Money launderers probably refer to them as dreams come true
]> and, unless legitimate financial institutions are alert, can use them to
]> place illicit proceeds into the financial system.
]> They are "unauthorized" banks, and for the past five years the OCC has
]> been disseminating advisories to legitimate U.S. banks - but not to
]> consumers - in an effort to expose their existence and halt their
]> illegal operations.
]> These so-called "banks" offer a variety of banking services, often at
]> lower fees and better interest rates than legitimate banks offer. What
]> makes them different from a legitimate bank - and attractive to money
]> launderers -- is that they are not licensed by any U.S. banking agency
]> and thus do not have to meet regulatory standards.
]> Because the OCC and other federal bank regulators are not investigative
]> agencies, they can do little more than report these institutions to
]> those who are. If the entities are found to be operating a bank without
]> a license they can be prosecuted under the Glass-Steagell Act (Title 12,
]> USC Sec. 378(a)(2)).
]> Such prosecutions are rare. In one case in 1994, initiated by Federal
]> Reserve Board examiners, the principals of Lombard Bank, Ltd., were
]> charged with operating an unauthorized bank through a payable-through
]> account at American Express Bank International in Miami. Lombard, which
]> had been "licensed" in the South Pacific money laundering haven of
]> Vanuatu, offered its Central American customers virtually full banking
]> services in the U.S. through its PTA (MLA, Sep. 1994).
]> Earlier this year, the OCC released a list of more than 50 "banks" known
]> to be operating without authorization. OCC officials say the number
]> grows steadily. Some of the "banks" say they are licensed by foreign
]> countries or U.S. states to conduct banking business. Others, such as
]> the Swiss Trade & Commerce Trust, Ltd., of Belize, continue to offer
]> services in the U.S. despite edicts from foreign banking authorities to
]> cease doing business.
]> The unauthorized entities have a common trait. They usually have names
]> that are similar to those of well-known legitimate institutions. The OCC
]> list includes the Bank of England, a Washington, D.C., entity not
]> associated with London's famous "old lady on Threadneedle Street" and
]> Citicorp Financial Services, a Beverly Hills firm not associated with
]> the better-known institution of that name. It also includes the First
]> Bank of Internet, which heralds itself as the first bank in cyberspace.
]> Through its periodic "special alerts," the OCC warns banks to "view with
]> extreme caution any proposed transaction involving any of the listed
]> entities." It makes no effort to educate members of the general public
]> who unknowingly place their money and trust in those uninsured
]> institutions.
]> American Banker: Friday, August 30, 1996
]> Swift Near Alliance in Trade Document Automation
]> By STEVEN MARJANOVIC
]> Swift, the international banking telecommunications network, wants to
]> play a bigger role in trade finance and the exchange of related
]> documentation.
]> Sources said the Brussels-based organization will soon take a position--
]> perhaps as early as its September board meeting-- on whether to work on
]> trade automation in cooperation with another consortium, called Bolero.
]> Such a move would involve an increase in nonbank participants on a
]> bank-owned network that has approached such liberalization cautiously.
]> Swift, formally the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
]> Telecommunication, is used by 5,300 banks for exchanging messages in
]> such areas as funds transfer, foreign exchange, and securities.
]> The network averaged about 2.7 million messages a day in July,
]> representing daily dollar volumes exceeding $2 trillion.
]> Officials said Swift is nearing a decision to work with the Bolero
]> Association, which is forming an electronic registry for the so-called
]> "dematerializing" of trade documents. Swift could provide the "platform"
]> for allowing banks and corporations to exchange such documentation as
]> letters of credit and bills of lading.
]> Bolero was formed in 1994 with funding from the European Commission, but
]> has not formulated concrete operating plans. Its members include
]> Citicorp, Barclays Bank PLC, and other multinational banks and
]> corporations.
]> Peter Scott, trade services market director at Swift, said it has been
]> in discussions with London-based Bolero since December 1995 about
]> joining forces to automate the exchange of trade documents.
]> "Bankers are beginning to sense both the opportunities in those areas
]> and the threats to them from an intermediary stepping in and potentially
]> taking away the business," Mr. Scott said.
]> Trade-document capability "is not a heavily utilized area within Swift
]> at the present time," he said.
]> The potential in automation is obvious to Bolero officials. At the New
]> York Banktrade Conference recently, John McKessy, the association's
]> North American representative, said the annual value of goods moved
]> internationally approaches $4 trillion.
]> He estimated current international trade requires some three billion
]> documents to be issued and managed.
]> The cost of dealing with paper alone eats up about 7% of the total value
]> of those goods, as much as $280 billion, Mr. McKessy said.
]> Bank revenues from issuing letters of credit last year were just over $1
]> billion, according to a soon-to-be-released survey by the U.S. Council
]> on International Banking.
]> Anthony K. Brown, senior vice president of trade services at MTB Bank,
]> described trade transaction processing as "extremely cumbersome and
]> tedious, prone to mistakes and delays (that) can be a hindrance to the
]> completion of a transaction."
]> MTB is a $400 million-asset merchant bank based in New York. About 80%
]> of its $100 million in loans are trade-related.
]> The paper-shuffling costs are not borne entirely by banks. Import/export
]> companies, insurers, freight forwarders, and various government
]> inspection agencies are also involved.
]> "The question is whether Swift wants to do it," said Dan Taylor,
]> president of the New York-based U.S. Council.
]> "Swift is going to act fairly quickly on this," he added.
]> Mr. Taylor said Swift officials will likely grapple once again with the
]> political and philosophical issues of giving nonbanks more access to
]> Swift, and to payment systems generally.
]> In 1995, the network granted partial access to nonbanks after years of
]> heated debate.
]> "You always have this push and pull, where some banks would like Swift
]> to do certain things" while others want the network to focus on the
]> money transfer business, Mr. Taylor said.
]> "If Bolero succeeds and Swift joins, I think it will move fairly
]> rapidly, but I'm not sure that Bolero is going to be the only thing out
]> there."
]> He said Bolero might evolve using value-added networks - or intranets -
]> like the IBM Global Network and General Electric Information Services
]> Co., or perhaps even the Internet.
]> Indeed, another member of Bolero, CSI Complex Systems Inc., New York, is
]> apparently talking to several providers of private, value-added networks
]> and may soon enter a contract with one.
]> CSI letter-of-credit software leads the pack in banking, with about a
]> 16% market share, Mr. Taylor said.
]> The company recently formed a business unit called Electronic Documents
]> International, which has developed an Internet-based system for
]> initiating letters of credit. CSI spokesman George Capsis said the
]> software, Import.com, creates "about 30 key documents involved in
]> international trade."
]> The Internet, enhanced with security features, may help the trade
]> industry reduce paper-related costs, especially at smaller companies
]> overseas.
]> CSI managing director Andre Cardinale said customers need only to "dial
]> into a bank's Internet server, pull up the Import.com application, and
]> actually fill in the details to create a new letter of credit or an
]> amendment to an existing one."
]> While Bolero may find a place on the Internet or a GE-type network, Mr.
]> Cardinale said the ultimate push may yet come from the banking industry
]> working collectively through Swift.
]> He said Swift opposition from nonbank constituencies that are concerned
]> the telecommunications cooperative will be more sympathetic to banks
]> when disputes arise.
]> But "if Swift does it," he added, "it will bring banks into the universe
]> far more - pardon the pun - swiftly."
]> Crain's New York Business: August 26, 1996
]> Bloomberg to Detail Growth of Information Empire
]> Michael Bloomberg made a name for himself on Wall Street with his
]> trading acumen and mastery of the computer systems that were becoming
]> crucial to success in the securities business.
]> But no one suspected when he left Salomon Brothers in 1981 that in the
]> next decade he would build the fastest-growing provider of financial
]> information in the world.
]> Mr. Bloomberg, whose company Bloomberg Financial Markets has estimated
]> sales of $600 million, will be the keynote speaker at the fifth annual
]> Crain's ''Growing a Business Expo,'' to be held this year on Thursday,
]> Oct. 24.
]> The event will take place at the New York Hilton & Towers from 8 a.m. to
]> 1 p.m. It is presented by Citibank and co-sponsored by Con Edison and
]> Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
]> Last year, more than 1,000 growing business owners and managers attended
]> the expo, which provides information for companies operating in the city
]> regarding potential suppliers, financial resources and government
]> programs.
]> The cost to attend the event is $45 and includes a continental
]> breakfast. Individuals registering before Sept. 6 can bring a colleague
]> for free. To register, call Flagg Management at (212) 286-0333.
]> In addition to Mr. Bloomberg's speech, attendees will be able to attend
]> seminars on financing and other help available from the city, financing
]> techniques, energy cost savings programs and how to reduce health
]> insurance costs. An expected 135 exhibitors will be offering products
]> and services of use to growing companies.
]> Crain's New York Business editors will discuss how a growing business
]> can get coverage in Crain's and in other publications.
]> The heart of Mr. Bloomberg's empire is a news gathering operation that
]> sends information through 62,000 computer terminals installed on the
]> desks of investment professionals around the nation. His company
]> provides the latest financial news and sophisticated tools to analyze
]> information.
]> The company he has built is noted for its lack of bureaucracy despite
]> its growth to 2,000 employees. Its hallmarks are hands-on leadership and
]> an entrepreneurial atmosphere where employees receive perks such as free
]> food.
]> Mr. Bloomberg has extended his reach to include an all-news radio
]> station in New York, WBBR; Bloomberg Personal TV; syndicated television
]> shows; a monthly personal finance magazine; and a similar magazine for
]> institutional investors.
]> American Banker: Friday, September 6, 1996
]> America Online Opens a New Banking Channel
]> By DREW CLARK
]> Nineteen banks - national home banking stalwarts such as Citicorp and
]> BankAmerica, plus a complement of less prominent regionals - have
]> climbed onto the America Online bandwagon.
]> Most already offer their customers several options for banking via
]> personal computer and view America Online, with its six million
]> subscribers, as a way to appeal to a broad cross-section of computer-
]> literate consumers.
]> Fourteen of the AOL banking partners will be delivering services through
]> BankNow, a software package developed for the interactive network by
]> Intuit Inc.
]> The other five banks have opted to use their own software. One of them -
]> Security First Network Bank, which operates entirely on the Internet -
]> will invite AOL users in through their Web browsers.
]> With its announcement this week, America Online Inc. takes its place
]> among the many alternative "channels" for on-line banking.
]> Many of the banks on AOL's list are simultaneously cooperating with
]> other companies that are themselves competitors, such as Intuit and
]> Microsoft Corp., suppliers of the Quicken and Money financial management
]> software, respectively.
]> Also crossing competitive lines, America Online said its subscribers
]> will be able to bank from home with PC software from three suppliers
]> other than Intuit: Checkfree Corp., Online Resources and Communications
]> Corp., and Visa Interactive.
]> "Everyone understands that there is competition in the home banking
]> arena," said David Baird, general manager of the personal finance
]> division at America Online, based in Dulles, Va. "To align ourselves
]> with exclusively one company would be a mistake."
]> Intuit can count on 14 initial bank users of BankNow. Spokesmen for the
]> other three system vendors declined to say when they expect to have home
]> banking products available for the AOL channel.
]> Experts noted that AOL and Intuit could be a strong tandem, in that they
]> dominate their respective businesses.
]> Intuit's Quicken is the leading brand in personal finance software. The
]> company claims more than 9 million active users and a market share of
]> about 80%.
]> America Online's subscriber base of six million is as big as those of
]> its next two competitors, Compuserve and Prodigy, combined.
]> The financial institutions currently offering BankNow are: American
]> Express, Bank of Stockton (Calif.), Centura Banks Inc., Commerce Bank of
]> Kansas City, Mo., Commercial Federal of Omaha, Compass Bank of Alabama,
]> CoreStates Financial Corp., Crestar Financial Corp., First Chicago NBD
]> Corp., Laredo (Tex.) National Bank, M&T Bank of Western New York,
]> Marquette Bank of Minneapolis, Sanwa Bank California, and Union Bank of
]> California.
]> More plan to offer BankNow-based services through AOL later this year:
]> BankAtlantic of Florida, Bank of Boston, First Hawaiian Bank, First
]> Michigan Bank, Mellon Bank, Signet Bank, and U.S. Bank of Oregon.
]> Unlike Quicken, BankNow software is available free to America Online
]> subscribers.
]> Banks' fees will vary. First National Bank of Chicago said it will
]> charge $3.95 a month for on-line banking and $9.95 a month for other
]> services that include bill payment.
]> Centura Banks Inc. said it will offer on-line banking free, and charge
]> $5.95 a month for bill payment.
]> Intuit officials declined to disclose what its Intuit Services Corp.
]> processing unit will charge to handle these transactions for banks.
]> Some of Intuit's larger bank partners chose not to offer BankNow because
]> they already promote their own PC banking programs.
]> For example, Citicorp, First Union, and Wells Fargo each support
]> Quicken, but passed on BankNow. Instead, they are paying a premium for a
]> "button" on America Online's banking screen that will eventually link
]> users to a proprietary home banking program.
]> AP Online: Thursday, September 5, 1996
]> House Probes Money Laundering
]> By ROB WELLS
]> House Banking Committee members on Thursday urged a Treasury Department
]> agency to step up its efforts to halt money laundering by Mexican drug
]> lords.
]> Rep. Spencer Bachus, R-Ala., urged the Financial Crimes Enforcement
]> Network to put in place new regulations to plug a significant loophole
]> that allows Mexico's drug dealers to place their ill-gotten profits back
]> into the U.S.
]> Bachus, chairman of the House Banking oversight subcommittee, said
]> Congress gave authority to FinCen in 1994 to put in place new rules that
]> would prevent drug dealers from using foreign bank drafts, a type of
]> check, to evade currency reporting restrictions.
]> ''That effort is long, long overdue,'' Bachus said.
]> Rep. Henry Gonzalez, D-Texas, asked the agency to provide further
]> details about suspected money laundering in his home town of San
]> Antonio, particularly the source of a $3 billion cash surplus in the San
]> Antonio Federal Reserve Bank.
]> The issue arose as Bachus' panel began exploring the dramatic rise of
]> narcotics traffic along the 2,000 mile long U.S.-Mexico border, and the
]> ease with which drug dealers can ship their profits to the south. Money
]> laundering refers to the practice by which drug dealers, mobsters and
]> others funnel their illegal profits into the banking system through
]> businesses or other means.
]> Bachus said estimates of drug profits laundered through Mexico range
]> from $6 billion to $30 billion per year. Stanely E. Morris, FinCen's
]> director, defended his agency's record, saying a combination of new
]> rules and tougher enforcement in the past decade has ''made it more
]> difficult to launder money in the U.S.'' and increased the costs of
]> money laundering. Morris' agency enforces the Bank Secrecy Act, a key
]> weapon against money laundering.
]> As for the new rules aimed at foreign bank drafts, Morris said the
]> regulations are more difficult than first expected because such
]> restrictions also could hinder legitimate commerce. He said the proposal
]> would be released soon.
]> FinCen is working on other fronts to combat money laundering, which
]> includes a new computer system that tallies bank fraud to help
]> regulators gain an early warning of money laundering.
]> In addition, the Clinton Administration assisted Mexico in adopting new
]> anti-money laundering rules earlier this year. And Treasury Secretary
]> Robert Rubin convened a conference of 29 nations in December 1995 to
]> focus on the money laundering problem.
]> One committee member, Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., addressed the
]> political context of the hearings.
]> Waters said she was suspicious that the Republican-led Congress was
]> holding ''a rash of hearings this month ... on the subject of drugs just
]> as Presidential candidate Dole tries to use the issue as part of his
]> campaign strategy against President Clinton.''
]> Waters said if the GOP-led House ''is truly serious about the impact of
]> drugs'' it should hold hearings about charges raised in a San Jose
]> Mercury News investigative series last month concerning the role
]> CIA-backed rebels in Nicaragua played in bringing crack cocaine and
]> weapons to Los Angeles and other cities.
]> Bachus told Waters the hearing wasn't motivated by politics and that he
]> had personally been involved in anti-drug efforts prior to his election
]> to Congress.
]> ---
]> Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Is this any more readable? See, I put a ']' in front of the quoted material.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-22 15:42:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Continuing spam from Timmy May and his friends 
I recently sent the following article to this mailing list:
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: DL in exchange for fingerprint
]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Comments: Dole/Kemp '96!
]Message-Id: ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 96 08:00:57 EDT
]In-Reply-To: ]Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
]> > Do you simply drive without a valid driver's license? I know some folks who
]> > do, of course, but it's not something that's "worth it" to me.
]> Some jurisdictions (D.C. is a good example) are such a joke it's not
]> funny.  An associate of mine literally MADE his own Italian Driver's
]> license and turned it in, took an eye test, and walked out with a nice new
]> D.C. license.
]In NYC a very high percentage of drivers don't have licences, have suspended
]licences, etc. Generally no one has the time to bother with them unless they
]want to nail them for something else. A couple of years ago we were involved in
]a minor car accident with a Chassidic Jew who tried to leave the scene of the
]accident. My wife chased him and stopped him. :-) The cops came and discovered
]that he had no papers (including no driver's licence, no insurance, etc). They
]gave him about $500 worth of tickets for driving without a licence, leaving the
]scene of an accident, etc (which I rather doubt he was planning to pay) and let
]him drive on (still without the licence).
]Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
]Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
I received the following e-mail from either Timmy May using an alternate
account, or someone whose IQ is similar to Timmy's, in response:
]From Adamsc at io-online.com  Sat Sep 21 22:40:36 1996
]From: Adamsc at io-online.com (Adamsc)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 96 19:40:29 -0800
]Reply-To: "Chris Adams" ]X-Mailer: Chris Adams's Registered PMMail 1.52 For OS/2
]X-Filtered: By PMMail 1.52 For OS/2
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]Subject: Re: Re: DL in exchange for fingerprint
]Message-Id: <19960922023957609.AAA206 at GIGANTE>
] You are being gently flamed because.
]   [X] you continued a boring useless stupid thread
]   [ ] you repeatedly posted to the same thread that you just posted to
]   [x] you repeatedly initiated incoherent, flaky, and mindless threads
]   [x] you posted a piece riddled with profanities
]   [ ] you advocated Net censorship
]   [ ] you SCREAMED! (used all caps)
]   [x] you posted some sort of crap that doesn't belong in this group
]   [ ] you posted the inanely stupid 'Make Money Fast' article
]   [ ] you threatened others with physical harm
]   [x] you made a bigoted statement(s)
]   [x] you repeatedly assumed unwarranted moral or intellectual superiority
]   [x] you are under the misapprehension that this group is your preserve
]   [x] you repeatedly shown lack of humor
]   [x] you are apparently under compulsion to post to every threat
]   [?] you are posting an anonymous attack
]  >>> Thank you for the time you have taken to read this.  Live n' Learn.<<<
]# Chris Adams  | ]# cadams at acucobol.com | V.M. (619)515-4894
]"I have never been able to figure out why anyone would want to play games on
]a computer in any case when the whole system is a game.  Word processing,
]spreadsheets, telecoms -- it's all a game.  And they pay you to play it."
]	-- Duncan Frissell
Just now I received about 2 dozen similar e-mails from this address, which
therefore must be Timmy May's - I can't believe that there are two people on
the 'net this stupid and obnoxious and prone to lying. In particular, I receive
this spam from Timmy in response to each 'crypto-relevant wire clippings' post.
Timmy May is definitely turning this mailing list into a political rant
menagerie where cryptography discussions are not welcome.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-22 17:19:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: timmy waxes a widdle on AP 
I was reading the other day about the lessons learned from the one-time
tax refund in 1975. Most consumers realized that this is a one-time deal
and saved most of it, rather than spent it. On the other hand, after Reagan's
tax cuts the consumers spent much of their newly retained income because they
believed that the lower tax rate would continue for a few years.
Likewise once an occasional gubment official in Mexico is assassinated
often enough for the population to perceive public service as being a
hazardous profession, they'll have trouble recruiting the replacements.
Assassinations won't work as long as they're perceived by the public as
zero-probability events. The public perception depends on other factors
besides the numbers or the frequency of the hits.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-23 01:04:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy May's spam (Was: Re: CIA hacked) 
On the contrary. Timmy has only a passable understanding of some aspects of
public-key crypto. He knows nothing about symmetric crypto and conventional
attacks. He even argued that practitioners don't need to learn any crypto
outside of PKC. (One of the things I don't like about Americans in their
propensity to take pride in their ignorance and lack of education. :-)
Right - the discussion of drivers licences and other credentials is definitely
crypto-relevant. The discussion, e.g., of the ethics of mandatory insurance is
not. My notion of crypto-relevance is fairly broad. E.g. I find the
assassination politics discussion to be crypto-relevant and sometimes very
interesting, and I kicked the ass of Alan Olsen and a few other assholes who
tried to suppress it.
I am very much interesting not only in the technical discussion of crypto, but
also in the implication of its use, which would be off-topic for sci.crypt
(fwiw). There's a difference between discussing privacy and ranting about
unfair taxation of rich old farts like Timmy May.
Really? I was trying to pull out only the stories which obvious crypto
relevance. I'd be curious to know some examples of what in these series you
consider not to be crypto-relevant. Perhaps I made a mistake somewhere. In
particular, I consider _any discussion of electronic cash or money laundering
to be crypto-relevant.
I have been subscribed to coderpunks almost since its beginning. It has
some interesting discussion. Unfortunately most of the folks who left the
original cypherpunks have not re-subscribed to coderpunks.
I'm not "worried", since Timmy May has already earned the reputation of a
nutcase and a liar in these circles, and is hardly in a position to
"assassinate" anyone's character. However I am somewhat angry that several
people I respect approached me in a short period of time and said something to
the effect, "You know, Timmy May's been complaining to me about what you write
on the Internet." Subsequent investigation revealed that he's been complaining
not even about the things I did say (plenty of which are "politically
incorrect"), but about things Timmy May himself made up - see quotes below.
How do you know that "Chris Adams" is a real person separate from Timmy? I
rather doubt that someone other than Timmy himself would go into trouble
"defending" Timmy, let alone three separate people.
I've corresponded with L.D. and he's a very bright and knowledgeable
person. Timmy May lies when he claims that VZNuri (who's an idiot) could
possibly be his "tentacle". You really should get to know L.D. better
before you repeat the lies Timmy May spreads about him.
I suspect that you haven't been following this discussion for long. Here's
a recent quote from myself:
]Despite the name, there's practically no crypto discussions on the list. A few
]weeks ago someone mentioned elliptic curves, and there was an outcry of how
]it's "off-topic". Instead the mailing list is flooded with rants and personal
]attacks from Tim May, who knows next to nothing about cryptography, and whose
]long-winded diatribes in support of child pornography, drugs, and Harry Browne
]have absolutely no crypto relevance. Tim's off-topic spews have driven Eric
]Hughes, John Gilmore, Rich Salz, and many other former valuable contributors
]off the mailing list. Today's Cypherpunks don't write code - they write lies
]and personal attacks. I'll quote a couple of Tim May's unprovoked personal
]attacks against me to illustrate the kind of traffic found on the Cypherpunks
]mailing list (as opposed to cryptography discussions):
]>Message-Id: ]>To: ichudov at algebra.com (Igor Chudov)
]>From: tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May)
]>Subject: Lying Purebred Sovok Tchurkas Write the History of the Net
]>Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
]>>Knowing KGB habits as pertaining to releasing information to the public,
]>>I would expect 50% of the CDROM to be pure bullshit, 40% -- lies, and
]>>maybe 10% truth that was already publicly available.
]>>It is like buying a CDROM about the history of the Net from Dr. Grubor.
]>>Maybe it would be interesting and amusing, but not worth $120.
]>NOW you tell me! I just shelled out $42 for "The History of the Net," by
]>Dr. John Grubor and Dr. Dmitri Vulis, 1996.
]>And here I thought it was the real history of the Net, especially the part
]>about how "the dandruff-covered Peter Vorobieff (spit) conspired with the
]>purebred Sovok Valery Fabrikant (spit) to spread the lies of the Jew
]>cripples dying of AIDS in Sovok-controlled clinics."
]>When Grubor and Vulis speak of the Usenet Cabal being a Sovok (spit) plot,
]>I thought this was the actual truth. I guess not. Maybe Spafford is
]>actually Rabbi Ruthenberg.
]>--Tim May
]>(hint: this a satire, based on the writings of Vulis, who speaks of people
]>as "lying purebred Sovok Tchurkas" (whatever _they_ are), and attaches the
]>charming word "(spit)" after nearly every person he references.)
]I responded to Tom May stating that I've never called anybody a (t)churka (I'm
]not even quite sure who or what they are) and asked him to retract his false
]claims. Tim May never retracted, but continued to post more lies about me and
]to attribute to me various nonsense I never wrote. But Tim May's attempts at
]"character assassination" don't stop at the cypherpunks mailing list: recently
]three separate people whom I respect (unlike Tim May) and who work in the
]computer security field told me that Tim May has been complaining to them
]"off-list" about my submissions to the Cypherpunks mailing list.
]Here's another recent example of a personal attack Tim May posted to the list:
]>Message-Id: ]>Mime-Version: 1.0
]>Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
]>To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]>From: tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May)
]>Subject: Reputation Systems in Action
]>Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
]>Precedence: bulk
]>>> > As to "tasteless and insulting," a matter of personal perspective. I find
]>>> > it helpful to call a spade a spade, and others apparently do as well.
]>>> >
]>>> Of course, Tim gets very uncomfortable when others call a spade a spade.
]>>This constant character assasination of Tim is getting rather boring,
]>>as far as I can see, and I read all of the posts on the list, he has
]>>done nothing more than ignore posts from these idiots, that is his
]>>choice and nothing to do with anyone else.
]>But this latest episode illustrates the role of reputations. Namely, my own
]>reputation is not being harmed by bizarre commentaries from the Vulis-bot.
]>As its reputation is (apparently) pretty low, and associated with Serdar
]>Ardic-style rants about "sovoks," "the cabal," and "spit," such an entity
]>can hardly "assassinate" my character.
]Again, Tim May is lying. I am not interested in "assassinating" his character.
]He is the one spreading lies about me and attributing to me various nonsense I
]never said. Tim May shows his true colors when he faults me for my defense of
]Serdar Argic's freedom of speech. Unfortunately, Serdar has been silent for
]over two years, but that doesn't stop censorous liars like Tim May from
]continuing their vendetta against those who defended free speech.
]>A few years ago Larry Detweiler, aka "vznuri" ("visionary"), aka "S.Boxx,"
]>aka "Pablo Escobar," aka several other alternate personalities, wrote
]>dozens of screeds denouncing me, Eric Hughes, Nick Szabo, Hal Finney, etc.
]>Did this have an effect on our reputations? Not to people I respected, of
]>course. And if Detweiler's rants affected my reputation with his peers,
]>including Dimitri Vulis, Ludwig Plutonium, Doctress Neutopia, Serdar Argic,
]>well, this is to the good.
]We keep catching Tim May in major lies:
]1. Tim May attributes to me things I never said.
]2. Tim May was caught lying about Kelly Goen.
]3. Tim May is lying about Detweiler. As far as I know, Detweiler never had any
]problems with Eric Hughes et al, and Hughes doesn't have a problem with
]Detweiler. The only person Detweiler has a problem with is Tim May. Detweiler
]is 100% correct in saying that Tim May is an ignorant liar and a crook.
]4. Sovok VZNuri is not Detweiler - even Tim May doesn't believe his own lies.
]5. Archimedes (former Ludwig) Plutonium and Doctress Libby Neutopia know a lot
]more about cryptography and are far more truthful than Timothy C. May.
]>In the mathematics of reputations, a negative reputation held by one whose
]>own reputation is negative is a positive.
]_If it's true, then my reputation benefits from being slandered by the proven
]liar Tim May.
Does this answer your questions about Timmy May's veracity?
No more hypocritical than to have a "cypherpunks meetings" with specific
persons excluded because someone doesn't like their political views.
Here's a threat I found in our 'orphan' mailbox:
]From paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk  Thu Sep 19 23:39:14 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Fri, 20 Sep 96 01:23:58 EDT
]	for paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA02597 for dvl at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 19 Sep 96 23:39:14 -0400
]Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ah16490;
]          19 Sep 96 17:22 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
]           id aa18174; 19 Sep 96 17:06 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP
]	id AA843059897 ; Wed, 18 Sep 96 15:18:17 +0000
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: dvl at bwalk.dm.com
]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 15:18:16 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: A daily warning regarding Timothy C. May
]Priority: normal
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <843149202.18174.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> Timothy C. May is a lying sack of shit.
]Look, that is enough, I`m going to move to have you removed from the
]list if you keep this up... get a life fuckhead, if you are going to
]flame at least do it from your real address so people can killfile
]you, or maybe you believe censorship is better?
]  Datacomms Technologies web authoring and data security
]     Paul Bradley, Paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]       Http://
]         "Don`t forget to mount a scratch monkey"
]-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
(The idiot misspelled 'dvl' for 'dlv'.) Who could possibly be in the position
to threaten to "remove" people from this mailing list? (Hint: he rants a lot.)
I've _apparently received similar e-mail spam from the following addresses:
 varange at crl.com
 paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
 adamsc at io-online.com
The most recent incident involved about 20 identical mailbombs from the latter
one. Obviously no one can tell whether they're forged or whether the e-mail
really came from these addresses. I suspect that there's just one person
behind these very similar attacks, and that this person also posts stupid
rants from got.net.
You probably weren't around when Timmy May waged a flame war against L.D.
which involved Timmy setting up a legion of "artificial persons" designed to
show massive support for Timmy's side. This is nothing new.
Timmy May seems to enjoy thi sort of thing since he has no life and too much
free time on his hands. L.D. is a perfectly reasonable guy and he'd never do
such a thing to me. However I doubt that there are so many distinct people
involved in mailbombing me.
I don't recall this one... My feeling about RSA is that one of these days there
will be a breakthrough allowing much faster factorization (either through a
better algorithm on a conventional computer, or by a practical quantum
computer) and then all the codes based on factorization will become essentially
plaintext. It's time to start looking for other hard problem to base PKC on.
E.g., does anyone know of any progress made on public-key cryptosystems based
on the word problem in semigroups, described in Neal Wagner and Marianne
Magyarik, _A public key cryptosystem based on the word problem_, Advances in
Cryptology: Proceedings of Crypto '84, G. R. Blakley and D. Chaum, eds.,
Lecture Notes in Computer Sciences  Springer Verlag, 1985, and also
mentioned in Wayne Patterson, _Mathematical Cryptology for Computer Scientists
and Mathematicians_, Rowman and Littlefield, 1987?
Soviets actually built a cryptosystem similar to what they described. I tried
to duplicate what the Soviets supposedly did, but without success.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-23 02:00:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Continuing spam from Timmy May (or one of his clones) 
Here's today's sample. I'm becoming more convinced that it's Timmy May him/her/
itself, since he/she/it complains about being called Timmy. Can someone please
take a look at the headers and see if they appear to be forged from got.net?
]From paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk  Sun Sep 22 10:59:25 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 22 Sep 96 11:03:58 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from uumx.smtp.psi.net by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA19743 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Sun, 22 Sep 96 10:59:25 -0400
]Received: from relay-2.mail.demon.net by  uumx.smtp.psi.net (8.6.12/SMI-4.1.3-PSI)
]	id KAA19486; Sun, 22 Sep 1996 10:59:00 -0400
]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ac22319;
]          22 Sep 96 15:23 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
]           id aa17044; 22 Sep 96 15:19 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP
]	id AA843329591 ; Sat, 21 Sep 96 18:13:11 +0000
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 18:13:06 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: CIA hacked
]Priority: normal
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <843401964.17044.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]His name is Tim, or maybe you never learnt proper manners.
]> You are confused. The above question was e-mailed to me by one of Timmy May's
]> friends. I just forward their e-mail to this mailing list. I don't read it.
]> If you have any comments about Timmy May's friends not knowing English,
]> trying to insult people, and posting non-crypto-relevant political rants,
]> address them to Timmy May and his friends.
]> ---
]> Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
]> Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
]  Datacomms Technologies web authoring and data security
]     Paul Bradley, Paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]       Http://
]         "Don`t forget to mount a scratch monkey"
]-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Here the Timmy May clone comments on his own previous e-mail to me:
]From paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk  Sun Sep 22 10:22:38 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 22 Sep 96 11:03:51 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA18447 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Sun, 22 Sep 96 10:22:38 -0400
]Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ac21657;
]          22 Sep 96 15:21 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
]           id aa17072; 22 Sep 96 15:19 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP
]	id AA843327445 ; Sat, 21 Sep 96 17:37:25 +0000
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 17:37:23 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: CIA hacked
]Priority: normal
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <843401979.17072.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]> >Dr. John M. Grubor created the 'net.
]> Who created you? You tub of shit?
]Fuck you and fuck your cheap ass fucked up life motherfucker (look
]for the fuck redundancy index here, should be an interesting figure,
]good day to you
]  Datacomms Technologies web authoring and data security
]     Paul Bradley, Paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]       Http://
]         "Don`t forget to mount a scratch monkey"
]-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]From paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk  Sun Sep 22 10:23:35 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 22 Sep 96 11:03:52 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA18472 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Sun, 22 Sep 96 10:23:35 -0400
]Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ae22319;
]          22 Sep 96 15:23 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
]           id aa17051; 22 Sep 96 15:19 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP
]	id AA843329594 ; Sat, 21 Sep 96 18:13:14 +0000
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 18:13:06 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: Re: CIA hacked
]Priority: normal
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <843401966.17051.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]This is a further post following an earlier flame:
]>  You are being flamed because.
]>    [X] you continued a boring useless stupid thread
]>    [ ] you repeatedly posted to the same thread that you just posted to
]>    [x] you repeatedly initiated incoherent, flaky, and mindless threads
]>    [ ] you posted a piece riddled with profanities
]>    [ ] you advocated Net censorship
]>    [ ] you SCREAMED! (used all caps)
]>    [x] you posted some sort of crap that doesn't belong in this group
]>    [ ] you posted the inanely stupid 'Make Money Fast' article
]>    [ ] you threatened others with physical harm
]>    [x] you made a bigoted statement(s)
]>    [x] you repeatedly assumed unwarranted moral or intellectual superiority
]>    [x] you are under the misapprehension that this list is your preserve
]>    [ ] you repeatedly shown lack of humor
]>    [ ] you are apparently under compulsion to post to every thread
]>    [x] you are posting an anonymous attack
]>   >>> Thank you for the time you have taken to read this.  Live n' Learn.<<<
]Furthermore, you qualify as the celebrity fuckhead of the week, have
]a nice day.
]  Datacomms Technologies web authoring and data security
]     Paul Bradley, Paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]       Http://
]         "Don`t forget to mount a scratch monkey"
]-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]From paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk  Sun Sep 22 10:51:12 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 22 Sep 96 11:03:58 EDT
]Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA19533 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Sun, 22 Sep 96 10:51:12 -0400
]Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ad22319;
]          22 Sep 96 15:23 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
]           id aa17045; 22 Sep 96 15:19 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP
]	id AA843329593 ; Sat, 21 Sep 96 18:13:13 +0000
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 18:13:06 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: Dimitri Spams
]Priority: normal
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <843401965.17045.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]Killifiling you would be a pleasure, however, it is an even greater
]pleasure to be able to flame you because of your worthless posts,
]this is probably why he didn`t...
]Get a life.
]> > Dimitri, get a life!  We need Dimitri Spams as much as we needed
]> > Perrygrams.  Which is to say, we need them not at all!
]> I see you lied when you claimed to have killfiled me.
]> ---
]> Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
]> Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
]  Datacomms Technologies web authoring and data security
]     Paul Bradley, Paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]       Http://
]         "Don`t forget to mount a scratch monkey"
]-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-23 02:57:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Going AP Shit on the Internet 
Hear, hear.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-23 07:00:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam from Timmy May (fart) and his merry band of mailbombers 
Is this another one of Tim May's accounts?
]From varange at crl.com  Sun Sep 22 15:39:37 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 22 Sep 96 15:59:10 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from mail.crl.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA01600 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Sun, 22 Sep 96 15:39:37 -0400
]Received: from crl13.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA02700
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Sun, 22 Sep 1996 12:40:01 -0700
]Received: by crl13.crl.com id AA05247
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com); Sun, 22 Sep 1996 12:33:43 -0700
]From: varange at crl.com (Troy Varange)
]Message-Id: <199609221933.AA05247 at crl13.crl.com>
]Subject: Re: [NEWS]
]To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Date: Sun, 22 Sep 1996 12:33:43 -0700 (PDT)
]In-Reply-To:  from "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" at Sep 18, 96 08:07:56 pm
]X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]Content-Length: 1605
]> American Banker, 9/17/96
]> CHASE TO OFFER DEALERSHIPS AUTO LOAN DECISIONS OVER INTERNET
]> Chase Manhattan Corp.'s auto financing division has begun using the
]> Internet to provide dealerships with loan-approval decisions. The bank
]> is the first of eight financial institutions that have committed to
]> using the system, developed by IBM Corp. By computerizing loan
]> applications and sending data electronically, Chase officials said the
]> bank can grant approvals in as few as two minutes. Up to 50% of the
]> division's auto loans will be running through the system within the
]> next 18 months. Chase, the largest car lender not affiliated with a car
]> company, is connected to six dealerships currently using the system and
]> will establish connections to 100 dealers with the official introduction
]> in October. Other financial institutions planning to use the on-line
]> system include NationsBank Corp., G.E. Capital Auto Financial Services
]> Inc., Regions Financial Corp., and Citibank Puerto Rico. The dealer's
]> computer is connected to the Internet through the IBM Globa l Network,
]> which is also used to retrieve an encrypted report from a credit bureau.
]> The dealer's pre-established "key" decodes the report and causes the
]> screen to display one, two, or three stars -- representing poor, fair,
]> or good credit. This gives the dealer an idea of which financial
]> institutions are most likely to approve the loan.
]> ---
]> Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
]> Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-24 10:58:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Public Schools 
Libertarians are fucking statists, as I keep pointing out.
U.S. public school system is darwinian evolution in action. Parents who can
afford to send their kids to private schools, do so. Parents who send their
kids to public schools deserve to have their offsprings fucked up, mentally
and phsyically, to improve the species' gene pool.
There are plenty of excellent private elementary and secondary schools in the
U.S. Children who deserve better schooling (by virtue of having parents who
have better genes and are therefore economically successful) get it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-24 15:34:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
There is no such thing as an "ordinary citizen". When the U.S. commits
war crimes in Korea, Viet Nam, Grenada, Panama, Somalia, Iraq, and elsewhere,
every American taxpayer is an accomplice and a fair game. Likewise, any
Britih subject is fair game for IRA's self-defense against centuries of
British genocide and oppression.
Murder can be justified.
I think public executions of politicians would be a more effective way
to indimidate the potential successors than covert assassinations.
Joe Stalin liked public hangings toward the end of his life. I'd rather
see the bastards hang in a nationally televised ceremony, live from the
Rose Garden, but I guess -- whatever gets the job done.
It's a pity the IRA didn't nail your cousin. I wish them better luck next time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-25 09:48:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: LACC: Re: Australia now has information police 
No; rather the COCOM members had a meeting and voted to dissolve it. It happened some time around 1992 or 93, I think.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-25 11:18:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AP 
Yes, I do.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-25 13:09:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Public Schools 
You must have attended a public school if you don't understand that geentic
superiority leads to economic success.  My older kid goes to a private school.
The parents are obviously genetically superior to public school parents.
Push vouchers. What's the cryptorelevance of your comments, anyway?
No, on the contrary, sending poor kids to good schools on scholarships
does not improve their genes. They tend to become drug dealers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 00:21:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: WARNING: This Message Actually Contains a Question 
A widely available C implementation of Blowfish had a bug, weakening
its security under some circumstances. Make sure to use the corrected
version. (The bug was in the C program, not the algorithm itself.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 04:51:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Public Schools 
That's the political correct thing to say, but do you have any scientific
evidence to support this claim?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 07:20:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
Good riddance. That's the kind of subscribers this list needs to lose,
rather than the technical people.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 07:33:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
JFK deserved to die.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 10:19:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AP 
(Redirected to the list.)
Any British citizen, irrespective of s/he thinks about the IRA, has
benefited economically from the 800 years of pillaging and genocide
in Ireland.  I see no problem if they pay with their lives for
these crimes. Likewise I see no problem if U.S. civilians pay with
their lives for their government's crimes in Iraq, even if they
happen to disapprove of these crimes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 11:09:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RANT] Public schools 
Nothing. Neither does most other stuff posted to this list.
In general, on the average, yes.
Oh yes - I've seen idiots at private schools and I've seen smart kids at
public schools. They're exceptions.
Judging from your abuse of the English language, you're not.
The cirricula at public schools and the SAT requirements are pretty
lame, so any kid willing to spend enough time on them can become a
straight A student and feel good about himself/herself. I'm not impressed.
Opinions change.  His snotty attitude toward learning, his propensity to
wallow in his stupidity and ignorance the way a pig wallows in its own
excrement is a trait commonly acquired in the U.S. public school system.
I believe myself to be genetically superior to the vast majority of the
population. Not knowing much about your parents, other than they can't
afford to send you to a better school, I assume that they're part of
this vast majority.
(Make it both intellectually and physically superior. :-)
In general, on the average, yes.  I believe that being able to afford a
good private school for one's kids is a trait correlated to desirable
traits, some of which are inherited by the kids who benefit from the
better education.
That's eugenics in action.
Can you site any such studies? They certainly contradict what I know
about this area, and I consider myself pretty well-informed.
That's pretty much what I said. Other disciplinary problems (poor
attendance, talking back to teachers, weird dress, sex, etc) also
tend to be associated with the poor kids admitted on scholarships.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 15:13:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Taking crypto out of the U.S. 
And I've just forwarded Igor's confession to the Right Reverend
Colin James III.
Looks like we've got our ITAR test case. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 15:21:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
Well - this thread has very little crypto-relevance (AP itself has
questionable crypto-relevance, IMO, and should be discussed in
talk.politics.assassination, carried by every honorable Usenet site).
But as far as AP is concerned, clearly JFK's death (quite deserved)
did not deter other scum like him from seeking political office.
Now, if he had been tried (for treason, murder, etc) and died like
a criminal, not like a hero, on national TV, that would have done
a lot more damage to the image of the office of the president of
the united states. Just look back at what Nixon's resignation did.
I believe in public hangings after a fair trial.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 17:27:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Newsgroup proposal: misc.anonymous 
It should be under misc.activism: misc.activism.anonymity or even m.a.privacy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-26 23:19:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More proposals for European censorship 
"Practicing cryptography without a licence?"
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-28 07:10:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Public Schools 
That's pretty obvious.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-28 11:35:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Possible subs attack???? 
The lying sack of shit Timmy May lies again, as usual.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 01:03:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Making Remailers Widespread 
Unfortunately, one-way remailers have much fewer uses than two-way remailers,
any many of these uses are abusive.
Julf's anon.penet.fi used to add a signature with a disclaimer.
A single centralized point of failure is bad. Maybe 4 or 5 redundant ones.
A blocking request sent to one will be replicated in the other automatically.
That's the protocol Eric Thomas's listserver uses to make sure mailing list
subscription requests aren't spoofed. I think I mentioned it recently on
this list in the context of creating a similar blocking list for addresses
that don't want to receive unsolicited commercial e-mail. Indeed, if such
a system is put up, it could maintain several blocking lists:
addresses who don't want any remailer mail
addresses who don't want 1-way remailer mail, but are willing to get
 2-way remailer mail
addresses who don't want unsolicited commercial e-mail (probably a biggie :-)
addresses who will only accept PGP-signed e-mail
We can't quite ignore... In the scheme you've just described, someone can
enter a blocking request via a Web page and give a submission request for
some mailing list, and the cookie will be e-mailed to the mailing list.
I don't think it's a good idea to suport blocking receivers in an entire
domain, like * Just say it's not supported.
I don't think it's a good idea to support sender blocking at all.
Would the receiver blocking list be available to everyone to view? That
sounds like a violation of privacy. Someone suggested on this list that
(assuming that the entires are addresses that match exactly, not regular
expressions), one can store hashes of addresses. Then when a remailer
wants to know if a particular address is on the list, it computes the
hash and searches for it (binary search is fast).
A curious person can check whether a particular address is no the list,
but can't obtain the list of all blocked receivers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 06:29:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: crypto anarchy vs AP 
Two funny rumors:
1. Supposedly the DoD users of GPS have access to the accurate positioning
information at all times. (Not sure how this works - the accurate data is
encrypted?) During the Iraq war in '93 they didn't have enough equipment
to take advantage of this, so they turned off the S/A and gave everyone
(including the military users) accurate GPS on commercially available GPS
eq. Then they turned it back on.
2. The DoD is doing a study right now on how to make GPS useless to the
enemy at wartime.
I think figuring out a way to turn off A/S and getting accurage GPS on
commercial equipment at all times would make a nifty Cypherpunks project
- if it really involves breaking some encryption.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 06:41:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Looking for Qualified Individual/Firm to Contract for Cryptanalysis 
Well, I dialed the number out of curisotity (it's in San Diego). The answering
machine says "This is Jack Oswald with R.P.K." Sounds gay.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 09:16:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Igor Chudov's cypherpunks felony admission turned over to the appropriate authorities 
Yo C'punks, check this out:
Also check out NetScum's home page at

@_date: 1996-09-29 18:02:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [AP] Afghanistan 
Afghanis publicly hanged their former president, Najibullah [no last name].
Other countries should follow their example.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 18:12:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Looking for Qualified Individual/Firm to Contract for Cryptanalysis 
San Jose then. San something or other. Silicon Valley.
I dislike California enough to view it as one undifferentiated nasty blob.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 18:41:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GPS 
Do we know for sure that they've got decent encryption?
Aircraft aren't the only market for GPS.
There's a fad to put GPS in cars - it's already very common in Japan, and
Americans are catching up. They're used in conjunction with computerized
road maps. Here improving the accuracy of one's position on the map might
make for a very successful commercial product.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-29 18:51:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Technical difficulties with AP [AP NOISE] 
I don't think it matters who the actual assassin is. Re-read Jim's essay.
Let's suppose Tim May, the notorious deranged psychipath, wants my pal Ether
Dyson dead. Tim May places a bet with a bookie that Ether Dyson lives for
another year, affecting the odds. A horde of potential assassins see that the
odds have changed, and place bets of their own that she won't live for another
year. Then they all try to nail her. If one of them succeeds, then everyone who
bet against Tim May has won, and it doesn't matter which one nailed her.
After the hit, the pigs would likely want to look at the list of people who
bet one way or the other, which is why the communications with the bookie
should be anonymous.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-30 02:18:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Making Remailers Widespread [REMAILERS] 
It's not only a question of traceability... Most "useful" uses of Julf's
remailer involved scenarios like someone posting anonymously to a public
forum and soliciting replies, or someone contacting another party
anonymously and wanting to receive a reply. It was pretty easy for two
anonmous parties to establish a dialog. An optional reachable return address
(even if the sender can't be traced back and be punished for abuse) makes
the system so much more useful for things other than anonymous farting.
How about: maintain a list of trusted blocking-list sites (comparable to the
list of remailers used for chaining) and when it comes the time to update the
local copy of the blocking list, ask a random one on the list; if it's down,
ask another random one on the list. There may even be more than one list. :-)
I think it's also bad, but I suppose the market wants it, so I'm showing
below how this can be done.
With most ISP's it's trivial to forge one's From: header in SMTP.
Switching to another dime-a-dozen throwaway account is also trivial.
Just admit that you can't block senders, and don't pretend that you
can - false pretenses destroy one's credibility.
Timmy the pathological liar posted a rant a few weeks ago on how
"remailer operators can't be choose" - usually he's full of shit, but
that time he had a point - he must have plagiarized it.
I think I see a way to accomplish this without too much trouble.
When an e-mail is directed at u at c4.c3.c2...c1, the code that checks
for blocking will search for the following records in the blocking list:
u at c4.c3.c2...c1     (exact match)
*     (replace user by *)
u      (replace leftmost .-separated piece of domain by *)
*      (both)
and repeat until there are only 2 components left in the domain name.
E.g., if a message is addressed to dlv at under.bwalk.dm.com, the blocking
code would compute hashes of the following strings and check for each one's
presence in the blocked list:
dlv at under.bwalk.dm.com
and here we stop. This shouldn't take much more CPU time than the blocking
code in Lance Cotrell's mixmaster that I just looked at, which loops though
all blocking patterns and checks if each one matches.
Now, the question is, who would be allowed to add records containing
'*' to the blocking list using the cookie protocol? I suggest that it be
one of the contacts listed in Internic's database.
E.g. joe at some.place.com can add himself to the blocking list using the
cookie protocol. If joe tries to add * to the blocking list,
the 'bot looks at Internic's database and sees only jim and jeff listed
for place.com, so it refuses. On the other hand, jim at some.place.com can
add * joe etc, because Internet says he's the
admin for place.com.
Thus a blocking record for cypherpunks at toad.com could be added by
anyone listed in toad.com's Internic entry. There's no need for any
Remailer Cabal [tinc] to maintain blocking lists.
One other suggestion: instead of storing one bit of information (the
address is on the list or not), why not have several flag bits.
E.g., the blocking list could contain records similar to:
hash - e.g. 160-bit SHA
flags - e.g. reserve 32 bits
If the list is sorted by hash, then using binary search to check whether a
value is in it is very fast (much faster than matching wildcards). But at
the same time you can retrieve the flags word, which could be used, e.g.,
to say that an address doesn't wish to block all inciming anonymous
e-mail, but only e-mail that appears not to contain a reply block, or
whatever other preferences can be stuffed into 32 bits.
E.g., one could use 2 or 3 bits to specify the maximum size of a message
to be delivered to addresses matching this pattern: 000 for no limit,
and nnn for nnn*4K bytes.
This seems like a straightforward replacement for a small piece
of code in Lance Cotrell's mixmaster (which remains to be written, of
course :-). It's probably not hard to plug the same code into other
remailers if they're well-written.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-30 08:25:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
It's worth noting that one of Utah mormons favorite pastimes was to ambush
the settlers heading for California, kill them all, and take their property.
However the mormons were dealt with much less severely than the local Indians
who tried the same tricks. Pity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-30 08:27:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [AP] Afghanistan 
Nothing, of course - neither do Timmy May's stupid rants, lies, and personal
By the way, your abuse of your native language suggests that you're probably
a product of U.S. public education.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-30 08:53:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Petaflops Boondoggle Computer (was PET_ard) 
OK. Igor, petard is the explosive device that Timmy May likes to stick up
his rectum in order to dervie sexual pleasure. He should discuss it on his
favorite Usenet newsgroup, alt.sex.masturbation, and not on a crypto-related
mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-30 09:59:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SPAM] More fan mail from Timmy "peteur" May 
What has Timmy been smoking?
]From paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk  Sun Sep 29 19:03:40 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 29 Sep 96 19:14:06 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from disperse.demon.co.uk by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA25790 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Sun, 29 Sep 96 19:03:40 -0400
]Received: from post.demon.co.uk ([(null)]) by relay-2.mail.demon.net  id ac16129;
]          29 Sep 96 15:59 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk ([158.152.120.223]) by relay-3.mail.demon.net
]           id aa09441; 29 Sep 96 15:54 BST
]Received: from fatmans.demon.co.uk by fatmans.demon.co.uk with SMTP
]	id AA843903697 ; Sat, 28 Sep 96 09:41:37 +0000
]Comments: Authenticated sender is ]From: paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Date: Sat, 28 Sep 1996 09:21:37 +0000
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
]Subject: Re: Possible subs attack????
]Priority: normal
]X-Pm-Encryptor: JN-PGP-P, 4
]X-Mailer: Pegasus Mail for Windows (v2.31)
]Message-Id: <844008901.9441.0 at fatmans.demon.co.uk>
]-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
]> The lying sack of shit Timmy May lies again, as usual.
]Fuck you,
]I am not Tim May, Check out the return path if you don`t believe me,
]if you still don`t here`s my PGP public key signed by the EFF, they
]don`t sign keys here and there without checking ID`s...
]Type Bits/KeyID    Date       User ID
]pub  1024/5BBFAEB1 1996/07/30 Paul Bradley ]- -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]- -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
]-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
]Version: 2.6.3ia
]Charset: cp850
]-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
]  Datacomms Technologies web authoring and data security
]       Paul Bradley, Paul at fatmans.demon.co.uk
]  Paul at crypto.uk.eu.org, Paul at cryptography.uk.eu.org
]       Http://
]      Email for PGP public key, ID: 5BBFAEB1
]     "Don`t forget to mount a scratch monkey"

@_date: 1996-09-30 12:44:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [SPAM] More "fuckhead" fan mail from Timmy "peteur" May 
berserk
Timmy May has gone        . Has he been eating speed?
                   bananas

@_date: 1996-10-01 07:56:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: the theory of split currency 
Several Western European countries had such split currencies after WW II.
Belgium's two francs have almost been phased out. Spain is the only major
country with two currencies (ESP and ESB). They actually fetch slightly
different interest rates.
Chile introduced 'unidad de fomento' a while back, and many other minor
players do something similar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-01 11:33:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
New York Times: Thursday, September 26, 1996
Potential Flaw Seen In Cash Card Security
By John Markoff
A potential security flaw has been discovered that might make it possible to
counterfeit many types of the electronic-cash ``smart cards'' that are now
widely used in Europe and are being tested in this country by banks and
credit card companies - including Visa and Mastercard.
The types of smart cards that are potentially at risk include the kinds
already employed in the Mondex cash card system and others used by European
A cash card from Visa International Inc. was demonstrated in a highly
publicized trial at last summer's Olympic Games in Atlanta. Chase Manhattan
Corp.; Citibank, a unit of Citicorp, Mastercard International Inc., and Visa
plan a test this year with 50,000 customers in New York City.
Touted as the key to the cashless society of the near future, smart cards
are credit card-sized packets that contain a microprocessor chip and a small
amount of computer memory for storing bits of electronic information that
represent money. At businesses equipped with the computerized devices that
accept smart-card payments, the cards are supposed to be as good as cash -
and as vulnerable to theft or loss as a $100 bill.
But the cards have been promoted as tamper-proof, which is why computer
scientists at Bell Communications Research, one of the nation's leading
information-technology laboratories, are now sounding the alarm, saying that
a sophisticated criminal might be able to tweak a smart-card chip to make a
counterfeit copy of the monetary value on a legitimate card.
``If you're deploying these smart-card devices in a business or government
electronic-payment system, then I think you need to look carefully at their
actual security,'' said Richard Lipton, chief scientist at Bell
Communications and a professor of computer science at Princeton University.
Lipton and two colleagues at Bell Communications Research - or Bellcore -
are about to publish a research paper on the potential smart-card flaw,
which they recently discovered through theoretical research on the
technology. No smart-card counterfeiting has been discovered yet, but Lipton
and his team believe that such crimes are inevitable unless the technology
is redesigned. The researchers have also been quietly notifiying the seven
regional Bell telephone companies that jointly own Bellcore about their
discovery. Bell companies including US West, and long-distance companies,
including AT&T Corp., have been planning to market smart cards as a secure
way to pay for long-distance calls without entering credit card numbers or
generating the audit-trail of a phone bill.
Despite the Bellcore warning, not all executives at companies using smart
cards consider the theoretical threat a real danger.
``This is very speculative,'' said Chris Jarman, vice president of chip card
technology at Mastercard, who had seen a draft of the Bellcore research
paper. ``I have yet to see a smart-card scheme with a vulnerability,''
Jarman said.
And even some industry executives, who said it was conceivable that
individual smart cards might be at risk, contended that the vulnerability
was not a threat to smart-card technology in general - any more than the
occasional passing of a counterfeit $20 bill undermines the U.S. currency
``This is a significant event but it doesn't blow the industry apart,'' said
William Barr, vice president of the Smart Card Forum, a trade organization
of 230 U.S. companies and government agencies. Still, Barr conceded, ``this
approach offers some ability to mount attacks that have not been
The Bellcore researchers, however, consider the potential flaw significant
because it could short-circuit the data-scrambling software contained in
many types of smart cards. The software is used to protect the card's secret
code, which is designed to prevent counterfeiting.
In theory, at least, the Bellcore researchers said that a smart card's
security could be breached by forcing the microchip in the card to make a
calculation error. This could be done in a number of ways, the researchers
said, whether through sophisticated means like bombarding the card with
radiation or perhaps cruder methods like placing it in a microwave oven.
Once the card can be forced to make even a small calculating error, the
researchers said that a mathematical formula they derived could use this
error to extrapolate the secret data that authenticates the card when it is
inserted in a merchant's card reader.
The researchers suggested that in any system where it was possible to know
about a calculation error it might be possible to exploit this newly
discovered vulnerability. The Bellcore team is conducting further research
into this possibility.
``These systems tend to have a fragile behavior,'' said another of the
researchers, Richard A. DeMillo, who is vice president for information
technology at Bellcore. ``Our technique is like tiny lever that makes it
possible to pry open the vault that the secret information is stored in.''
U. S. Banker: Thursday, September 26, 1996
Mondex gets Cold, Hard Cash
By Joseph Radigan
The $ 119 million that National Westminster Bank plc and Midland bank plc
raised this summer to fund their Mondex smart card program should provide at
least some the capital they'll need to increase its acceptance.
The capital was raised in conjunction with Mondex's spinoff from the two
British banks that created the program as a joint venture five years ago.
The new setup is being called "Mondex International," and besides NatWest
and midland, which now hold minority stakes, it includes 15 other
shareholding banks. One of them is Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp.,
which like Midland is owned by HSBC Group of London. In the U.S., Wells
Fargo & Co. and AT&T Corp.'s Universal Card Services Group paid a combined $
46.5 million for their 30% stake. The other investors include major banks in
Canada, australia and New Zealand. Another 23.5% remains to be sold for
roughly $ 1.5 million for each 1% interest.
Not all the new funds are going toward Mondex's future development. Some
will be used to compensate NatWest for the costs it incurred in leading the
original research and development.
NatWest's Michael Keegan became Mondex's chief executive as part of the
restructuring, replacing Tim Jones, a fellow NatWest executive who had been
Mondex's CEO through its startup phase. Jones is returning to NatWest as the
managing director for the London bank's electronic commerce group and will
keep a seat on the card association's board.
David Mills, who runs Midland Bank's retail banking business will stay on as
chairman of Mondex International, but he also has a seat on the board of
MasterCard's European affiliate, Europay. These two card associations, in
conjunction with Visa, are backing a smart card program that rivals
Mondex's. But Keegan says that this does not pose a conflict of interest. As
in the American credit card business, where banks are free to issue both
MasterCard and Visa, Keegan foresees a future in which Mondex members will
issue both Mondex and Europay smart cards.
Now that Mondex is in the process of collecting the financial fuel it will
need to fund its growth, the smart card organization's future revenue will
come mostly from annual dues paid by member banks, Keegan says. The
per-transaction interchange fee that supplies MasterCard and Visa with most
of their annual revenue is not practical for the low-value payments for
which smart cards are intended. Imposing a transaction fee on these would
make the system impractical. In addition, because Mondex attempts to
electronically mimic currency, most transactions will not settle through a
captive payments clearing system. The only settlement will take place on an
end-of-day basis when merchants or customers redeem their Mondex value at
their local banks.
San Francisco Chronicle: Thursday, September 26, 1996
Hundreds of Companies Have Smart Card Systems
By Laura Castaneda
The smart money is on smart cards -- even though most consumers have yet to
lay a finger on them.
Valerie Baptiste is one exception. The Wells Fargo secretary is
participating in a company experiment that lets her make purchases at 22 San
Francisco shops with a smart card.
Resembling credit cards, smart cards are embedded with computer chips. They
can store cash and other data such as medical history and credit
''A big advantage is the convenience of not having to fumble around in my
purse for cash,'' said Baptiste as she was buying juice at The Wildflower
Hundreds of companies besides Wells Fargo, including several in the Bay
Area, have launched smart card pilot programs to try and cash in on the
cashless society of the future.
Getting merchants and customers to accept and use a new form of payment
won't happen overnight. But experts believe the widespread acceptance of
smart cards is inevitable.
''I'm confident that the push will be on to make it happen because there are
so many powerful entities interested in seeing cash go away,'' said Bruce
Brittain of Brittain Associates in Atlanta, a consumer behavior research
David Poe, a director of Edgar Dunn & Co. in San Francisco, a management
consulting firm that specializes in new product development, agreed. ''I
think (smart card use) is going to be evolutionary as opposed to
revolutionary,'' he said.
Entities that want to cut down on the use of cash include big banks, credit
card issuers, universities and the U.S. government. Why? Smart cards can
save the cost of collecting, counting, securing and transferring cash.
Most pilot programs feature smart cards that simply store cash, usually up
to $ 20. The amount of each purchase is electronically deducted from the
card at the point-of-sale.
These kinds of smart cards are ideal for smaller transactions like parking,
lunches, dry cleaning, convenience stores, vending machines and fast food.
However, smart card technology is almost limitless. Combining computer chips
and magnetic stripes allows a single card to be used as a cash, credit,
debit and ATM card.
Among the pilot programs in place:
* Bank of America and Visa International are experimenting with
employee-only stored value smart cards for purchases from company cafeterias
and vending machines and some outside merchants.
* Ohio and Wyoming plan to start using smart cards for food stamp and
nutrition programs, and the U.S. Department of Defense is testing a
multiapplication smart card at military bases in Hawaii.
* The Washington, D.C., transit system plans to implement smart card
technology for fares, and the Metropolitan Transit Commission, which serves
25 Bay Area transit services, is also considering launching smart card
technology in about two years.
* The University of Michigan, Western Michigan University, Washington
University, the University of Minnesota, the University of North Carolina,
Florida University and the University of San Francisco have smart cards for
on- and off-campus in cafeterias, bookstores and restaurants.
Smart cards are already widely used overseas. In Germany, more than 80
million people have been issued smart cards containing health insurance
The potential market is huge, with more than half a billion smart cards
expected to be in use worldwide by the year 2000, according to the Smart
Card Forum, a group dedicated to accelerating the widespread acceptance of
smart cards.
A Smart Card Forum poll found that almost two-thirds of respondents see
smart cards as a convenient option for carrying important personal
information, and 40 percent would prefer to use the cards instead of cash
for everyday purchases.
Another Smart Card Forum survey found that retailers see various benefits
such as gathering customer information, offering loyalty or ''frequent
shopper'' programs and electronic ticketing and couponing.
Despite high expectations, smart cards have a long way to go before they
become as popular as ATM cards.
Critics of smart cards, worried about privacy issues, liken the card's
ability to track a consumer's every purchase to Big Brother in George
Orwell's novel ''1984.''
There is also the classic ''chicken and egg'' problem: Merchants don't want
to spend the money for smart card equipment until they're in widespread use,
while consumers don't want to use smart cards until more merchants accept
''It's going to be a tough sell for consumers,'' said Rob Palmer, owner of
The Wildflower Cafe, which has participated in the Wells Fargo pilot program
for about a year. ''Cash is very convenient.''
Palmer agreed to participate in the experiment because it was free. But he
said it may not be worth paying for later because smart card business only
accounts for about 2 percent of his transactions.
It costs about $ 500 per unit for a point-of-service terminal capable of
processing smart cards. It's unclear whether banks or merchants will
ultimately foot the bill. Many new debit and credit card terminals are also
incorporating smart-card capabilities.
The Smart Card Forum estimates that it costs 80 cents to $ 15 to manufacture
a card, depending on the size of the chip. Right now, banks and card issuers
are paying for the cards.
Eventually retailers could sell their own affinity cards.
Today, some cards can only be used once, others can be reloaded with more
cash. To be cost-effective, though, most people think they cards will have
to be reloadable and have more than one use.
To succeed, smart cards will have to offer clear benefits to merchants (such
as loyalty programs that generate repeat business) and to consumers (such as
discounts or special promotions).
The cash-only cards do not have any security features, so if you lose one,
it's easy for someone else to spend your money.
Cards that also have personal information will need to have security
features such as ''encryption,'' or electronic scrambling that protect
against unauthorized use.
In fact, a survey of the world's 10 largest central banks released earlier
this month by a task force of computer and security experts found that
security measures now used with electronic money are adequate to protect
consumers from fraud.
Companies are also starting to look at other smart card applications.
Microsoft Corp. is working with several other companies to develop open
standards that integrate smart cards with computers, so that you could
transfer money from your checking account onto a smart card using your PC.
The smart cards also could be used make purchases over the Internet. Many
people are afraid to use credit cards to buy things over the Internet
because they're afraid their account numbers will get stolen.
Yesterday, Mondex International Ltd. and CyberCash, Inc. announced an
agreement to produce smart cards that will let consumers purchase goods over
the Internet and download and transfer funds.
In 1998 Wells Fargo plans to roll out a multipurpose card made by Mondex
that will let people transfer money from their accounts to smart cards via
Such smart card technology will be like ''having an ATM in your own home,''
said Janet Hartung Crane, senior vice president for Wells Fargo.
American Banker: Thursday, September 26, 1996
Checkfree Sees On-Line Banking Tripling in 1997
By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM
Peter J. Kight, chief executive officer of Checkfree Corp., makes two
predictions about on-line banking.
He says that 1996 will be remembered as the year banks learned the power of
the technology, and that the number of consumers banking through electronic
channels will more than triple in 1997.
The statements carry more weight than they would have a year ago, because
Mr. Kight's company has transformed itself into a formidable force in the
interactive banking market.
Once known primarily as a processor of electronic bill payments, Checkfree
has acquired four companies this year, giving it a soup-to-nuts line of
electronic banking products and services. Behind the acquisitions lies Mr.
Kight's vision of banking's future. "Every major bank in the country will be
in the market with an electronic banking product within the next 18 months,"
Mr. Kight said. "It's following exactly the same curve as credit cards."
For Mr. Kight, these developments represent the culmination of 15 years of
hard work.
Just last week, Checkfree announced an agreement to acquire the processing
subsidiary of Intuit Inc., which will give it access to the latter company's
Quicken product, its customers, and bank partners.
"This is what I paid my dues for," Mr. Kight said. "This is what we built
the company to do."
On Wednesday, Checkfree announced partnerships with BellSouth, Capstead
Mortgage Co., and the Small Business Administration. The arrangements will
let the companies and the agency collect bill payments electronically.
Mr. Kight founded Columbus, Ohio-based Checkfree in 1981, when he was 24.
The previous year, he was managing a chain of fitness centers in the
Southwest. While pondering the best way to sell health club memberships, he
hit upon the concept of automatic monthly payments.
At the time, only a handful of companies -- most of them insurance providers

@_date: 1996-10-01 12:27:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NEWS] Crypto-relevant wire clippings 
Money Daily: Tuesday, September 24, 1996
IBM, Bank Alliance May Speed Acceptance of Online
By Lloyd Chrein
If one muscle-bound company is what it will take to turn online banking into
a household word, then the recently- formed Integrion Financial Network, a
conglomeration of IBM and 15 heavy-hitting U.S. and Canadian banks, may have
the right formula, say analysts. In many ways Integrion appears a natural
fit: the meeting of a major data-processing player -- IBM -- and
institutions that will potentially need a lot of online data processed --
The new company, a separate entity with its own CEO and board of directors,
will offer the means for consumers to connect to their banks (via the IBM
Global Network, the Internet or commercial online services) and will partner
with developers of the necessary online banking software. It is expected to
begin operating in early 1997.
"If they can use the clout of all these big banks, plus IBM, to decrease the
cost of providing online banking and ultimately lower costs and improve
service for consumers, then they're going to coax more consumers into online
banking," says Karen Epper, an analyst with Forrester Research. "The
question is whether this big ship can move quickly enough to keep up with
the changes in the online world and stay in the race." As things stand now,
it seems like there is a lot of ground to be made up. A recent study by the
San Francisco-based Odyssey L.P. found that just a handful of American
households use the 'Net for banking -- just 1% of the 14% of U.S. households
with access to an online service.
"Online banking is confined to a small minority of a small minority," said
Nicholas Donatiello president of Odyssey. "But I think it has the potential
to be bigger."
Members of Integrion, however, took issue with the Odyssey report. "Those
numbers don't seem right," said David Fortney, in charge of access and
payment strategies for the Charlotte based NationsBank. "But we do agree
that there are not a lot of people banking online. We see that as a huge
opportunity. We think there is a lot of pent-up demand."
A Barnett Bank spokeswoman said that 25% of the bank's current customers use
the telephone for home banking, an indicator that online banking through
Integrion -- which should be more convenient -- will also be a hit. "We will
see an explosion in this area," she predicted. The problem with online
banking as it exists now, say Integrion members, is that each bank offers
different levels of service, uses different software, and has to bear the
full cost of designing and managing its online system. With Integrion, they
note, banks will be able to take advantage of economies of scale, ultimately
offering consumers a wider choice of software programs and means of
accessing their accounts than if they went it alone.
"What we hope to do is speed the pace at which electronic banking services
will reach the consumer," says Chuck Hieronymi, senior vice president of
marketing at NationsBank. "We also hope to speed the rate at which banks
will adopt online banking. We hope to attract as many banks to join as
The company intends to eventually allow consumers to use most of the major
personal finance software, including Microsoft Money and Intuit's Quicken,
as well as Internet browsers like Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Explorer
and online services Prodigy, America Online and CompuServe. While Integrion
hasn't formed any alliances with developers or online services so far,
potential partners are warm to the concept. "We fully expect our products
and technology will be a part of this," says Matt Cone, business development
manager for Microsoft, who notes that there are also potential uses for
Windows NT and BackOffice.
To attract all the major players under one roof, Integrion needs to be big.
And it is: the 15 member banks comprise over half the retail banking
population in North America -- more than 60 million households. Member banks
are: ABN AMRO, BANC ONE, Bank of America, Barnett Bank, Comerica, First Bank
Systems, First Chicago NBD, Fleet Financial Group, KeyCorp , Mellon Bank,
Michigan National Bank, NationsBank, PNC Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, and
Washington Mutual, Inc. Of course, there is competition, mainly from data
processing companies such as CheckFree and Visa Interactive -- IBM will
perform their functions for Integrion member banks. Yet according to Epper,
even the competitors are potential partners in cyberspace.
"CheckFree will compete for the same bill payment system contracts as
Integrion, but it will also work with Integrion to support bill payment
systems," says Epper. "In the online world, companies that are competitors
are also working together. That has been the paradigm for a long time."
To have any effect on improving online banking's numbers, Integrion will
have to stay on the cutting edge, reacting quickly to rapid changes in
security, authentication and other technological advancements. Hieronymi
claims that the company will be able to make quick decisions and won't be
weighed down by the girth of its many members.
But Epper has her doubts. "This company has been speculated about for two
years and in serious discussion for the past year," she says. "At the rate
at which online banking is moving, if they take that long to make decisions
they are likely to lose a real advantage. As it is, they're already a little
late to the party."
For more Web-formation, visit:
 CheckFree
 for Forrester Research
 for IBM
 for Intuit
 for NationsBank
Computerworld: September 23, 1996
Can Banks Survive the Online Onslaught?
By Ralph Soucie
Recently, Hugh McColl, chairman of NationsBank, admitted to The Wall Street
Journal that he is scared of what technology might do to his business. That
isn't something you'd expect from the architect of a $ 192 billion banking
powerhouse. Clearly, though, trouble lies ahead for banks. The endgame of
the recent bank merger wave looks pretty bleak. Eventually, some eight to 12
banking behemoths will blanket the country. These giants will look, act and
smell the same to consumers. Absent some sort of blockbuster development,
the entire industry seems headed for the same fate suffered recently by the
large retailers.
But that blockbuster development is inevitable, and it surely will be driven
by information technology. Technology at least the leading-edge stuff that
creates monster opportunities isn't most banking executives' major
stock-in-trade, so they don't even know where their future competitors are
going to come from.
To be sure, banks are trying some new tricks as they scrounge for growth.
Some, for instance, are using automated teller machines to dispense coupons
and sell event tickets. Not a bad idea, but it still doesn't solve the core
problem. Electronic home banking software seems a better fit, but so far, it
has generated me-too products and little profit.
Meanwhile, bankers' favorite retail customers cash-rich individuals with low
transaction activity are a threatened species. Taking money from these
customers and lending it to free-spending Baby Boomers is really the heart
of retail banking nowadays. But families who inherit such liquid assets from
their parents are likely to apply much of this loot to debt reduction.
The problem is that consumers don't perceive high value in generic banking
services, and with good reason. As surely as you're reading this, within a
generation we'll be carrying our financial assets around on some form of
smart card. You'll deal with your depository bank much as you interact with
the bank that issues your credit card.
But the irony is that all this doesn't have to be the death knell for the
banking industry. Banking executives simply need to worry less about
high-tech rivals and more about the value they add to customer services.
Take the lowly bank statement, for example. What if a bank offered small
businesses the option of receiving their bank statements in electronic form,
say, as an Excel spreadsheet file? Why not provide a listing of canceled
checks for the entire fiscal year? The owner could then take this disk file,
along with his check register, to his accountant. The accountant would then
add data such as payee name and the date the check was written.
For a small business that writes 100 checks per month, this could save a few
hundred dollars in fees. That's a bank service that packs a punch, yet the
incremental cost to the bank of providing the service would be very small.
Numerous variations are possible. For instance, nonbusiness bank customers
might find it useful to flag tax-deductible payments by putting an X in a
box when they write the check. The bank can then provide a year-end listing
of tax deductions a great headache-buster at tax time.
It doesn't take advanced technology to deliver services such as these. What
it takes is customer-oriented thinking, combined with simple awareness of
how technology can support a new value proposition.
So, while bankers should heed Andy Grove's "paranoia is good" message, they
should worry less about technology threats and more about an industry
culture that's rooted in an assumption of entitlement.
Money Daily: Thursday, September 19, 1996
Privacy Storm Shows the Best and Worst of the 'Net
By Michael Brush
The flap over a new service from Lexis-Nexis is probably misguided, but
raises interesting questions about privacy and the power of online
An online brouhaha that broke out this week over alleged privacy breaches
caused by a new Lexis-Nexis product has put both the best and worst of the
'Net community in high profile.
The Dayton, Ohio-based online database company has been swamped with phone
calls and faxes this week because of a flurry of e-mails and news-group
postings warning readers of the allegedly dire consequences of its new
product called P- TRAK. Many of the warnings falsely claim that P-TRAK
provides a wide range of potentially sensitive personal information ranging
from social security numbers to medical and credit histories.
On the bright side, the controversy shows the huge power of the 'Net when
used by public-spirited advocates to mobilize a response to a perceived
danger -- in this case, a threat to privacy. On the dark side, the fact that
many of the allegations in the electronic correspondence are plain wrong
shows how easy it is to spread misinformation and, potentially, raise what
could amount to an online lynch mob.
At issue is a product launched last June which provides Nexis-Lexis clients
with basic public information about anyone in a 300 million-name database.
The information available is culled from credit bureau records. It is
limited to your name, your maiden name or alias (if any), your current and
two most recent past addresses, the month and year of your birth, and your
phone number -- though not all of that information is available on every
For nine days after the product was released last June 2, P- TRAK also
included your social security number. But the SSNs were pulled on June 11
because of complaints, says Lexis- Nexis spokesman Steve Edwards. If you
already know someone's social security number, though, you can search for
him or her using that number.
P-TRAK is meant to help attorneys track down witnesses, heirs or parents who
have stopped paying child support, says Edwards.
While the scope of P-TRAK is relatively limited compared to, say, credit
reports, which carry news of your payment history, bankruptcies and other
such sensitive material, it nonetheless sparked the ire of many 'Net users.
For example, one posting that was later widely circulated this week claimed
that your social security number, "mother's maiden name, birth date and
other personal information are now available to anyone with a credit card."
It postulated that the information could allow someone to commit credit card
fraud or use your identity.
The truth is somewhat tamer. The SSN and mother's maiden name are not
included, for example, and the database is available only to clients like
law firms and news organizations that can afford Lexis-Nexis's relatively
hefty fees.
Furthermore, Money Daily's spot check shows that the information available
is spotty at best. A search of P-TRAK run on our behalf by the Time Inc.
Research Center turned up the right addresses but no phone or birth date for
this author. It got the addresses and birth year correct for Money Daily
editor Kevin McKean, but had an obsolete phone number. And when confronted
with relatively more common names of two other Money Online staffers -- tech
director Wilson Smith and reporter Joseph "Tripp" Reynolds -- turned up
dozens of people, none of whom proved to be the correct ones.
Those limitations notwithstanding, the roar on the 'Net was heard at
Lexis-Nexis headquarters. "We have been deluged with people calling, writing
and faxing," says Edwards.
"People are asking us: 'Why are you putting my medical records, my mother's
maiden name, and my credit card history out there?' This has been testing
the limits of our customer service."
In response, Lexis-Nexis posted a statement on its home page to correct
false information about the product and also a form you can use to remove
your name from the list, something the company says people could have done
all along by calling. By next Monday, Edwards says the firm will also have
an 800 number that callers can use. People who phone the company's current
800 number are told to fax name-removal requests to 513-865-1930.
The company has stopped short of posting responses in news groups or
bulletin boards, though. "There are different schools of thought on that,"
says Edwards. "One says that you should never respond to news groups from a
company standpoint because that increases the amount of flaming. But at this
point, I don't know how much worse it could get."
In the company's place, other news group participants have stepped in to set
the record straight. "I think you owe a post to correct this error," one
such correspondent scolded in a reply that pointed out several errors in the
message quoted above.
Ironically, the information available in P-TRAK is mild compared to what is
available elsewhere in the vast Lexis- Nexis database.
A related product, called P-FIND, for example, offers additional household
information like the appraised value of a home in many states and the number
of dependents (both of which are public information). The main Nexis
database digs up information from news stories -- often from local papers --
published around the world and in several different languages. Many of those
stories, of course, contain information of arrests and charges that may
later prove groundless, as well as a volume of personal information about
the people cited in the articles. And the legal Lexis service contains not
only details from civil and criminal court cases around the nation, but also
other potentially sensitive information, such as tax liens and judgments
against individuals.
Before you get your hackles up over invasion of privacy, though, consider
that all of the above is public information -- and, of course, much of it is
potentially more sensitive than your previous address.
For more Web-formation, visit:
Lexis-Nexis ( )
Lexis-Nexis statement ( Form to remove your name from the Lexis-Nexus database
Reuters: Friday, September 20, 1996
Summers: Electronic Cash Won't Affect Economy Much
The advent of electronic money is not expected to have any major
macroeconomic effect in the medium term, U.S. Deputy Treasury Secretary
Lawrence Summers said on Friday.
"I do not anticipate in the near and medium term significant macro-economic
effects," Summers told reporters following a speech to a conference on
electronic money sponsored by the Treasury Department.
Some analysts have speculated that the Federal Reserve's ability to conduct
monetary policy may be undermined by the issuance of electronic money over
the Internet or elsewhere.
Others have suggested that the Fed and Treasury could lose profits from
seigniorage -- the income earned by currency issuers because currency pays
no interest to holders.
Summers though played down both those concerns. He noted that much U.S.
currency is held abroad and said electronic money is unlikely to substitute
for that anytime soon.
As for monetary policy, it already works indirectly through open market
operations, he noted.
"As we move from credit cards to debit cards to stored value cards, I think
the Fed will continue to have the ability, by operating in the government
securities market, to have a substantial influence on the level of interest
rates," Summers said.
He saw macroeconomic benefits to be gained from the advent of electronic
money and stored value. If, like credit cards, they make it easier for
consumers to purchase goods during economic downturns, then they can act as
a stabilizing force on consumption.
"To the extent that these technologies and the Internet make markets more
competitive, they will tend to ... be a force against inflation," he added.
Reuters: Wednesday, September 18, 1996
Germany to Let Only Banks Issue E-Cash
By Catherine O'Mahony
Bundesbank council member Franz-Christoph Zeitler on Wednesday welcomed
government plans to give only banks the right to issue pre-paid cards or
so-called electronic purses.
Stressing the German central bank's concern about electronic money, he said
banks were the safest guardians of electronic cash systems since they had to
meet legally-imposed liquidity restrictions and had long experience of
cashless payments.
Zeitler said in a statement that electronic money innovations were
fundamentally positive as a way to speed up transfers. But "it is also
important that the security of payment transfers and currency stability do
not get left behind," he added.
Electronic purses are plastic cards with an inbuilt micro-chip which stores
the electronic cash value of users' accounts and can be reloaded at special
The proposal to restrict such projects to banks is part of a new German
banking law which is still under preparation but which is expected to be
enforced in 1997.
Zeitler said issuers of electronic cash had to be extremely reliable because
a sudden collapse of an electronic cash system, due to forgery or technical
failure, could have "significant negative" consequences for the economy.
While electronic purses, also known as smart cards, are not yet available in
cash-dominated Germany, tests are being run on several projects. Current
projects being tested in the Munich region include a card to pay for
telephone calls and local train tickets and another with broader
application, which can be used for small purchases up to 50 marks ($ 33.03).
Worldwide, the most prominent electronic purse project is Mondex which was
developed in Britain by National Westminster Bank and is on trial in the
town of Swindon.
Zeitler said it was likely that Bonn would also restrict the rights to
create and maintain of Internet-based electronic cash systems to the banking
Internet banking is slowly gaining credence in Germany. Bavaria's Bayerische
Hypotheken und Wechsel Bank recently launched a securities account
accessible via the Internet.
($ 1=1.5138 Mark)
American Banker: Thursday, September 19, 1996
Seeking Security, Banks Turn to Internet Certification
By DREW CLARK
On the Internet, no one can tell if you're a dog.
This line, from a New Yorker cartoon, belies a serious problem for banks and
merchants setting up sites on the World Wide Web: There is no widely
accepted method for authenticating the claims -- or the identity -- of those
conducting business on-line.
To help solve this problem, two companies have begun certifying businesses
by granting them "seals of approval" on the Web.
"There needs to be some way that consumers can easily recognize when a site
is secure and when it is not secure," said Michael S. Karlin, president of
the Security First Network Bank. "Consumers are afraid, even in an
FDIC-approved banking situation, and they want the feeling that it is
One of the first systems to offer authentication for commercial sites on the
World Wide Web is TrueSite, developed by Application Programming and
Development Inc. of Camp Springs, Md.
BankAmerica Corp., Mellon Bank Corp., and First Bank System Inc. are among
30 financial institutions and 2,000 businesses whose Web sites have been
Though the Web provides businesses with a flexible, highly visible medium
for presenting their message, on-line business has its drawbacks. A Web site
user can download the entire contents of a Web page, alter it, and establish
a dummy site at a new location.
TrueSite guards against such occurrences by letting certified banks and
businesses put a blue check mark symbol on their home pages for an annual
fee of $495, which has been waived for six months. Users clicking on the
logo will be warned if it has been fraudulently copied.
"A user won't have to ask, 'Did I get to the correct site in the first
place?,'" said Mark Burnett, president of Application Programming, which has
annual revenues of $2 million.
"Whether consumers feel comfortable engaging in transactions on the Internet
is a function of how they feel," added Jack Rogers, president of the
Fairfax, Va.-based American Finance & Investment Corp. "Their perception is
as important as reality."
Another certification was launched in July by the National Computer Security
Association in Carlisle, Pa.
The association requires that certified companies protect their Web sites
against Internet attacks by using data encryption, by maintaining detailed
logs, and by establishing firewalls within the computers that host Web
"You better have some confidence that a hacker doesn't have access to
checking accounts," said Kevin J. Stevens, a product manager at the for-
profit association, which has annual revenues of $5 million. "If banks don't
take the steps to be certified and give their market some indication that
they have instituted a security program, no public relations is going to
resolve only one slip-up."
So far six companies have each paid upwards of $8,500 for a detailed on-
site audit before getting the association's stamp of approval. Mr. Stevens
declined to identify them, but said they include one of the big three auto
"This is a great first step. What the NCSA has done is to put the bar up,"
said Security First's Mr. Karlin. He anticipates that the virtual bank will
be certified within two months and hopes that the association will
eventually introduce a system with several passing grades.
America Online Inc. and the Better Business Bureau are also getting into the
certification business.
In conjunction with America Online's move to the New York Stock Exchange
from Nasdaq, its top officials reemphasized the features of the largest
on-line service and announced 10 new criteria that merchants will be
required to meet.
The standards include processing orders and responding to E-mails within one
day of receipt and giving on-line customers equal priority with telephone
"AOL members will come to know and have confidence in people who display the
seal of approval," said Michael J. Minigan, the service's vice president of
interactive marketing. "It is our hope that at some point, merchants doing
business on the Web would want to have the AOL seal on their Web sites."
Officials at the Better Business Bureau promote self-regulation and full
disclosure of company complaints to fill cues missing from on-line commerce.
"For $30 a month, a business can design a fabulous Web page that can lead a
consumer to think they are a Fortune 500 company," said spokeswoman Holly
Cheriko. "The consumer is left without the cues in the traditional
marketplace like being able to visit, talk to the sales clerk, and view the
quality of the marketplace. They need a trusted means to determine which
businesses are reliable and what commitment they have made to the consumer."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-02 16:16:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bot-generated insults 
Been there, done that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013,

@_date: 1997-04-02 21:32:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
I'm a bit behind on my e-mail again...
This is cute, but if Bob has enough clue to do this, then Bob can
probably handle anonymous e-mail whose content he doesn't like...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-02 21:32:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam a *GOOD* thing for remailers? 
I defend the spammer's freedom to spam because spam is speech.
Technology solutions to make is easier for the weak-minded to ignore spam
and not to be bothered by it would be cool.
Hopefully when I finish the spambot, it'll change the face of Usenet forever.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-02 21:33:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: hi-tech ROT-13 
I got a 60MB mailbomb the other day which didn't bother me a least bit.
That wasn't done via the remailers; it came via worldnet.att.net's open
smtp server. The initial form letter asking for permission should warn
about the possibility of their getting a large amount of crap. However
it's just as easy to get a throwaway account and mailbomb someone via
I say: discard (don't keep) e-mail for folks who haven't explicitly
unblocked themselves;
treat "unblock" as "unblock everything and face the consequences".
Letting the user impose some sort of constraint on the size of the
e-mail being remailed is actually a dumb idea:
* any half-decent mail handler should do it on the user's side
* they can be mailbomed by a 1000 little messages
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-02 21:33:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
(I'm behing in responding to e-mail)
Not sure how LEA's work in the U.K., but here in the U.S. they just
might be interested in figruing out the state of the machine when
rand in the C library and init it with srand(time(NULL)*pid()) -
making it worth the while to figure out what the pid might be like.
(Wasn't that the basis of one of thw early attacks on Netscape?)
I say, eschew any protocol that involves generating a pesudo-radom
key, and then discarding it. What if the LEAs want to examine your
hard disk to see how thoroughly it's been discarded?
Yes. You don't have your own domain, so you can't possibly imagine
the kind of idiots that have been getting on the 'net in the last
few years.
By the way: if Alice sends Carol an e-mail via Bob's remailer,
and Bob's remailer uses a third party database to see if Carol
accepts e-mail (such as a key server) then Alice can determine
whether Carol accepts anonymous e-mail.
Say, Carol is a journalist and Alice is a whistleblower. Alice
first sends a ping, which causes Bob's remailer to send Carol
a form letter  explaining how to unblock herself. Alice checks
the database until (hopefully) she sees that Carol accepts
e-mail, then she sends her whatever.
Sigh - I wish. I'm behind on a bunch of projects, including the great
spambot. Thanks for the info anyway.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-02 21:33:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
Let them send pictures and warez. A remailer operator shoudn't care. :-)
Well... Let me quote the complaint that Jim Ray (himself a one-time
remailer operator) sent to postmaster at dm.com because he didn't like
the anonymous messages that he thought might be coming from me:
]Received: from miafl2-16.gate.net (miafl2-16.gate.net [199.227.2.143]) by osceola.gate.net (8.7.6/8.6.12) with SMTP id HAA187758; Wed, 16 Oct 1996 07:13:05 -0400
]Date: Wed, 16 Oct 1996 07:13:05 -0400
]Message-Id: <199610161113.HAA187758 at osceola.gate.net>
]From: liberty at gate.net (Jim Ray)
]To: root at bwalk.dm.com, postmaster at bwalk.dm.com
]X-Priority: Normal
]Subject: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
]X-Mailer: Pronto Secure [Ver 1.10]
]X-Prontosecureinfo:  T=signed, P=x-pgp
]-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]To: root at bwalk.dm.com, postmaster at bwalk.dm.com
]Date: Wed Oct 16 07:10:45 1996
]Can you folks somehow get Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM  to quit
]sending anonymous messages to cypherpunks? I have killfiled him, but he
]sends things with subject headers like "RSA" through the anonymous remailers
]and it is impossible to killfile them and still get interesting anonymous
]He is evidently angry at another subscriber, Tim May, for showing the list
]how much of a fool he was regarding economics in the past, but now he shows
]how much of a fool he is. Below is an example, the subject was RSA, and it
]could only have come from him, I assure you. [BTW, this is not a threat of
]legal action on my part against you, it's just that you are lowering your
]reputations by letting him continue spewing garbage, and now that even
]killfiling him hasn't worked, I am trying to convince you to talk to him and
]encourage him to please take his lithium regularly.]
]- -----Begin Included Message -----
]Date: Tue, 15 Oct 1996 15:35:04 -0400 (EDT)
] From: amnesia at chardos.connix.com (Anonymous)
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Timmy C. Mayflower was born when his mother was on the
]- ---- End of forwarded message ----
]One of the "legitimate concerns of law enforcement" seems to be
]that I was born innocent until proven guilty and not the other
]way around. -- me
]Defeat the Duopoly! Vote Harry & Jo ]PGP id.E9BD6D35 51 5D A2 C3 92 2C 56 BE  53 2D 9C A1 B3 50 C9 C8
]I will generate a new (and bigger) PGP key-pair on election night.
] ]-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
]Version: 2.6.2
]-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Say, didn't this Mmmmm... Black Unicorn shmuck threaten to sue me
for saying someone's on lithium?? :-)
If the maintenance of destination blocking/unblocking is divorced from
the remailer operators, then the whistleblower might be able to find
out whether the recipient accepts anon e-mail. Under the scheme I sort
of proposed, if I wanted to e-mail X, I might look up via the key servers
whether X accepts anon e-mail. If he doesn't, I ping him, knowing that
my ping will be discarded and instead he'll get a form letter telling
him how to enable receipt. I can check (say) the key servers a few days
later and see if he's ready to recieve anon e-mail; then I send the
real message.
Another advantage: there's no need to put the remailer's real address
in the form line.  Right now most operators say something like
"e-mail foo at bar and/or remailer-operators to be dest-blocked".
Under the scheme I'm not quite proposing yet, you can put any
junk in the from: (it's irrelevant!) and put the instructions
for dest-blocking via a 3rd party in a comment header.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-03 05:46:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Raid on Jim Bell story may actually be real.... 
Anybody wants to donate Jim Bell an old PC??
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-03 05:46:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP-Domo... 
It depends a lot on the traffic. If it's 100 messages a day, then it's
a few hundred times the traffic on a list with a couple of messages a week.
It also depends on the kind of box you're running it on (386? Sparc 20?).
So, if I were looking to cut down on the CPU time required and the traffic,
I'd do this:
1. ecnrypt with the keys of every recipient to send out one encrypted
messages that every recipient can decrypt.
2. consider using a daily digest (or digest every few hours).
Anyway, if you have more than a dozen people on the mailing list whom
you don't know personally, you should *assume* that at least one of them
is a narc and/or an asshole who'll decrypt it and pass it on to others.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-03 05:46:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: BIG BROTHER (qoute without comment) 
A couple of related items (neither one quite crypto-relevant).
I used to work with a guy (who no longer lives in the U.S. - lucky him :-)
who has a company building high-end custom electronic gear. (I used to
hack up the device drivers and other software for his hardware.) He used
to get regular visits from the LEAs asking for the lists of people who
bought certain kinds of eq from him. In particular, anyone who bought
eq capable of writing magentic strips on credit cards was immediately
closely scrutinized... Note that he didn't come to them - they came to him.
I also used to work in the publishing industry (one good thing about
consulting is that you learn a lot about different industries :-) and
I have little doubt that the FBI does take a look at people who buy
mail-order books from outfits like Aegean Press and Loompanics.
In New York City, the police regularly collect high school yearbooks and
add students' photographs to the collections they show crime victims,
hoping they'll identify a suspect.  This year one of the city's newspapers
published a memo from the police commissioner ordering cop to collect
yearbooks from each school. As the result *some* school principals are
announcing that they won't turn their yearbooks over to the cops unless
one of their students is a suspect in a concrete crime (and that's
probably the case in almost every school, causing every other student's
picture to go to NYPD; and in a few schools where there are no suspects,
they'll be able to get the yearbooks from the students.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-03 17:22:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Book Recommendation: "Supermen" (about Cray, Norris, CDC, etc.) 
^^^^???
I used to play with a 6600. It had some interesting hardware features:
* It used one's complement rather than two's complement to represent negative
integers. (I.e. -x is the same as not x; a pattern of all 1's is '-0'.)
* It had 60-bit words for both integers and single-precision reals.
A 120-bit double precision was pretty slow. A word could fit 10 6-bit
characters, but any kind of text processing was a bitch.
* 15-bit addresses referred to the whole word. A word could contain
several instructions, but only an instruction on a word boundary
could be a target of a branch.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-03 17:27:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bot-generated insults 
Some years ago I used to be engaged in a flame war with a lying thieving
sovok named Vladislav Rottenberg, who at the time worked for SRI. Vlad used
to post bizarre lies about me on Usenet, like, he claimed that I applied for
a job at SRI and that Vlad made sure I wouldn't be hired. (This is 100% b.s.
- I never in my life considered working for SRI.) Vlad was the inspiration
for both Rabbi Shlomo Ruthenberg and for SimVlad, the alleged AI simulation
program that generated text very similar to Vlad's own writing. I wrote it
in Basic because, I said, I wouldn't debase LISP or any other real language
with such a project.
This file was dated 1/93, but I think it's much older. All the
quotes really came from Vlad.
DEFINT A-Z
RANDOMIZE TIMER
O$ = ""
s$ = "This program, 'SimVlad', is an artificial intelligence ": GOSUB O
s$ = "(stupidity?) simulation of a typical Soviet emigre": GOSUB O
GOSUB period
FOR i = 1 TO 35
GOSUB badguy
GOSUB bgaction
GOSUB period
NEXT i
GOSUB par
s$ = "": GOSUB O
a = INT(RND * 6)
IF a = 0 THEN
s$ = "!!! ": GOSUB O
ELSEIF a = 1 THEN
s$ = "! ": GOSUB O
s$ = ". ": GOSUB O
END IF
a = INT(RND * 20)
IF a = 0 THEN
GOSUB par
END IF
x = INT(RND * 19)
IF abadguy = x THEN GOTO badguy
abadguy = x
IF abadguy = 0 THEN
s$ = "Dimitri": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 1 THEN
s$ = "Dmitry": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 2 THEN
s$ = "Vulvis": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 3 THEN
s$ = "Vulgaris": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 4 THEN
s$ = "Vilus": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 5 THEN
s$ = "Dima": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 6 THEN
s$ = "Dimochka": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 7 THEN
s$ = "The wonder child from CUNY": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 8 THEN
s$ = "Yasser 'Vulis' Arafat": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 9 THEN
s$ = "The typical Soviet emigre": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 10 THEN
s$ = "Doghead": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 11 THEN
s$ = "That stupid faggot": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 12 THEN
s$ = "'Goy Boy'": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 13 THEN
s$ = "Fucking 'mudak'": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 14 THEN
s$ = "That shiksa": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 15 THEN
s$ = "Dimitri 'Agric' Vulis": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 16 THEN
s$ = "Vladimir Ulyanov (Vulis)": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 17 THEN
s$ = "The incomparable Mr. Vulis": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abadguy = 18 THEN
s$ = "Arf-Vulis": GOSUB O
END IF
x = INT(RND * 40)
IF abgaction = x THEN GOTO bgaction
abgaction = x
IF abgaction = 0 THEN
s$ = " don't speak the English": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 1 THEN
s$ = " can and will to use anything I say against me": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 2 THEN
s$ = " prevented me from getting job at CUNY": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 3 THEN
s$ = " clearly hates me": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 5 THEN
s$ = " has vowed to urinate on my grave": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 4 THEN
s$ = " should learn some English by now": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 5 THEN
s$ = " cheats on welfare": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 6 THEN
s$ = " buys caviar with foodstamps": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 7 THEN
s$ = " snorts speed and seaweeds": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 8 THEN
s$ = " violates Usenet etiquette": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 9 THEN
s$ = " has sold his soul to anti-Semitic yellow press": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 10 THEN
s$ = " voted for Bush": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 11 THEN
s$ = " voted for Clintor": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 12 THEN
s$ = " discusses his genitals in his Usenet postings": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 13 THEN
s$ = " has applied for a job here, but I turned him down": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 14 THEN
s$ = " was conceived during an anal intercourse": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 15 THEN
s$ = " epitomizes Zionist aggression": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 16 THEN
s$ = " buys vodka with counterfeit money he makes": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 17 THEN
s$ = " picks his nose and posts the findings to Usenet": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 18 THEN
s$ = " should be tarred and feathered": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 19 THEN
s$ = " must be silenced": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 20 THEN
s$ = "'s Usenet account should be taken away": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 21 THEN
s$ = " proudly boasts of his oversized penis": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 22 THEN
s$ = " forges Usenet postings from unsuspecting victims": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 23 THEN
s$ = " lies in his resume": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 24 THEN
s$ = ", eat shit and die from AIDS": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 25 THEN
s$ = " pollutes Usenet with his profane writings": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 26 THEN
s$ = " terrifies people with his foul language": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgaction = 27 THEN
s$ = " provokes others into vicious flame wars": GOSUB O
s$ = " is": GOSUB O
GOSUB bgis
END IF
x = INT(RND * 17)
IF abgis = x THEN GOTO bgis
abgis = x
IF abgis = 0 THEN
s$ = " a KGB agent": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 1 THEN
s$ = " a rabid dog": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 2 THEN
s$ = " an antisemite": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 3 THEN
s$ = " a card carrying member of PLO and der Shalom Achshav": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 4 THEN
s$ = " 'gavno'": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 5 THEN
s$ = " an uncircumcized hazer": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 6 THEN
s$ = " a drug pusher": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 7 THEN
s$ = " just a zhlob from Odessa": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 8 THEN
s$ = " too much of a shiksa": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 9 THEN
s$ = " a typical 'sovok'": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 10 THEN
s$ = " too stupid to appreciate my postings": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 11 THEN
s$ = " full of shit, and smells like it too": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 12 THEN
s$ = " mentally retarded": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 13 THEN
s$ = " a kikeface": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 14 THEN
s$ = " what you get when you cross a vulva and a penis": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 15 THEN
s$ = " a reform devil worshipper": GOSUB O
ELSEIF abgis = 16 THEN
s$ = " a typical product of anal intercourse": GOSUB O
END IF
IF s$ = "" THEN
PRINT O$
PRINT ""
O$ = s$
O$ = O$ + s$
WHILE LEN(O$) > 79
N = 79
WHILE (N > 40) AND MID$(O$, N, 1) <> " "
N = N - 1
s$ = LEFT$(O$, N)
PRINT s$;
O$ = MID$(O$, N + 1)
END IF
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-03 21:04:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Well - at least they're not "moderating" the list, like Cocksucker
John Gilmore did, and not lying blatantly about their moderation
policies, like Sandy Sandfort, the C2Net salesman, did.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:22:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cryptographer Hits SNL 
Bill Payne is a very interestin guy.
If anyone figures out a polynomial-time factorization algorithm using
shift registers, it would probably be Bill Payne.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:27:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: I hope thr IRA nails Hallam-Baker... 
I just noticed how when I first called Cocksucker John Gilmore an
NSA shill (which he is), some people didnb't know what the fuck it
was, but now everyone's accusing everyone else of shilling.
How can one donate money to rthe IRA anyway?
Hallam baker convinced me to.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:28:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Someone said: "popular speech does not need protection".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:30:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Of course, everything Serdar Argic posted to Usenet was 100% documented truth.
The FBI would be better advised to look a close look at the terrorist activity
of one Ray "Arsen" Arachelian, an ASALA sympathizer in the employ of Earthweb,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-04 19:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
This is a lie.  The South was looking for a peaceful secession and bent
over backwards to avoid the war, which was started by the North.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-06 20:22:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
A couple of weeks ago I and the family were in Washington DC and we
dropped by the Museum of Natural History in the Mall. It's almost
as cool at the Museum of Natural History in NYC. One of the things
I noticed was a special "braining club" used by the Pacific North
West indians. As some readers may know, PNW indians did not believe
in accumulating wealth.  Rather, they tried to build "reputation
capital" (a la Timmy May) by conspiciously destroying wealth in
ceremonies known as "potlatch". One indian would, say, publicly
burn 10 sacks of grain. Another would try to outdo him by publicly
burning 20 sacks of grain. (Somehow, this sounds like Cypherpunks.)
Now, one of the ways indians showed off their wealth was by
killing their slaves during the potlatches using this braining club.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-07 07:04:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Our tax dollars used to pay the Usenet forger Pidor Vorobiev 
Dear Dr. Hecker,
I would like to know whether the notorious Usenet forger and canceller
Pidor V. Vorobiev is still employed by your laboratory and why.

@_date: 1997-04-07 08:11:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: There's no such address as 'ca@dm.com'!!! 
One finds the weirdest things in the orphan mailbox...

@_date: 1997-04-07 09:41:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Brokat Win 
of course, the story is incomplete without the mention of the letter
I got from C2Net's lawyers, and other Sandy Sandfort stuff.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-07 17:31:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks FAQ 
An excellent FAQ from L.Deitweller was shot down by Timmy May and his
cronies precisely because Timmy was envious of LD's ability to do what
Timmy couldn't do.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-07 17:31:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fan mail from Hallam-Baker... 
Paul, or someone in U.K. -
I'd like to donate $1 to the IRA every time Hallam-Baker posts to
this mailing list.  Can someone please tell me a convenient way
to send them donations?  Thank you very much.

@_date: 1997-04-07 17:45:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bot-generated insults 
^^^??
If Ray "Arsen" Arachelian can work for Earthweb, LLP, as an "associate
network adiministrator", then I'm not surprised if they have chimpanzees
writing Java code as well.
I used to think that LISP is the best language for such apps, but wouldn't
debase it by writing a simulation of a dandruff-covered Armenian in it.
(DEF 'randomize '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ RSEED (DTIME))
(SETQ RSEED (- RSEED (* 12345(/ RSEED 12345))))))
(DEF 'random '(LAMBDA (s)
   (SETQ RSEED (+ RSEED 911))
   (COND ((GT RSEED 15000) (SETQ RSEED (- RSEED 15000))))
   (+ 1 (- RSEED (* s (/ RSEED s))))
(DEF 'statement '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 020))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "Let the games begin!"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "Sweet Jesus!"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "Not that!"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "At last!"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "Land O' Goshen!"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "Is that all?"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "Is it in?"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "Cheese it, the cops!"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "I never dreamed it could be like this!"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "If I do, you won't respect me!"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC "Oh my God!"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC "Now!"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC "Open Sesame!"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC "Pomade!"))
((EQ R 015) (PRINC "Harder!"))
((EQ R 016) (PRINC "Faster!"))
((EQ R 017) (PRINC "Again!"))
((EQ R 018) (PRINC "Help!"))
((EQ R 019) (PRINC "Ay de mi!"))
((EQ R 020) (PRINC "Deeper!"))
(DEF 'said '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 018))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC " cried"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC " bellowed"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC " yelped"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC " croaked"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC " growled"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC " panted"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC " moaned"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC " grunted"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC " laughed"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC " warbled"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC " sighed"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC " ejaculated"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC " whispered"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC " stammered"))
((EQ R 015) (PRINC " wheezed"))
((EQ R 016) (PRINC " squealed"))
((EQ R 017) (PRINC " whimpered"))
((EQ R 018) (PRINC " pleaded"))
(DEF 'girl '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 011))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "saucy baggage"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "wanton hussy"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "unfortunate woman"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "lust-crazed duchess"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "female impersonator"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "nine-year-old nymphomaniac"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "45-year-old virgin bull-dyke"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "leather freak"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "home-cumming queen"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "defrocked nun"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC "bisexual budgie"))
(DEF 'adj-1 '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 014))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "thrashing"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "slurping"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "insatiable"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "rabid"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "satanic"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "corpulent"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "nose-grooming"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "tripe-fondling"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "dribbling"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "spread-eagled"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC "orally fixated"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC "vile"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC "awesomely endowed"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC "strapping"))
(DEF 'boy '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 020))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC " rakehell"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC " black panther"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC " hunchback"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC " friar"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC " archduke"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC " midget"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC " great dane"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC " stallion"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC " donkey"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC " electric eel"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC " lecherous"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC " lickspittle"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC " faggot butler"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC " paraplegic"))
((EQ R 015) (PRINC " pothead"))
((EQ R 016) (PRINC " dirty old man"))
((EQ R 017) (PRINC " black-power advocate"))
((EQ R 018) (PRINC " follicle fetishist"))
((EQ R 019) (PRINC " egg-sucking chicken flicker"))
((EQ R 020) (PRINC " hired hand"))
(DEF 'verb-1 '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 011))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC " plundered"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC " diddled"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC " devoured"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC " fondled"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC " mouthed"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC " tongued"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC " lashed"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC " tweaked"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC " violated"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC " defiled"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC " irrigated"))
(DEF 'adj-2 '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 012))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "alabaster"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "pink-tipped"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "creamy"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "rosebud"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "moist"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "throbbing"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "juicy"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "heaving"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "straining"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "mammoth"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC "succulent"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC "quivering"))
(DEF 'tits '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 013))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC " schnoobies"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC " globes"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC " melons"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC " mounds"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC " buds"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC " paps"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC " chubbies"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC " protruberances"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC " treasures"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC " bum"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC " bung"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC " vestibule"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC " armpits"))
(DEF 'verb-2 '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 011))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "plunged"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "thrust"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "squeezed"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "pounded"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "drove"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "eased"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "slid"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "hammered"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "squished"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "crammed"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC "slammed"))
(DEF 'adj-3 '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 018))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "bursting"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "jutting"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "glistening"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "brobdingnagian"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "prodigious"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "purple"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "searing"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "swollen"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "rigid"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "rampaging"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC "warty"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC "steaming"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC "gorged"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC "trunklike"))
((EQ R 015) (PRINC "foaming"))
((EQ R 016) (PRINC "spouting"))
((EQ R 017) (PRINC "swinish"))
((EQ R 018) (PRINC "red-hot"))
(DEF 'prick '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 024))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC " prosthesis"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC " intruder"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC " prong"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC " stump"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC " member"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC " meatloaf"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC " majesty"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC " bowsprit"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC " earthmover"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC " jackhammer"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC " ramrod"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC " cod"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC " jabber"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC " gusher"))
((EQ R 015) (PRINC " engine"))
((EQ R 016) (PRINC " brownie"))
((EQ R 017) (PRINC " joy stick"))
((EQ R 018) (PRINC " plunger"))
((EQ R 019) (PRINC " piston"))
((EQ R 020) (PRINC " tool"))
((EQ R 021) (PRINC " manhood"))
((EQ R 022) (PRINC " lollipop"))
((EQ R 023) (PRINC " kidney prodder"))
((EQ R 043) (PRINC " device"))
(DEF 'adj-4 '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 010))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC "pulsing"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC "hungry"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC "hymeneal"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC "palpitating"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC "gaping"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC "slavering"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC "welcoming"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC "glutted"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC "gobbling"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC "cobwebby"))
(DEF 'cunt '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ R (random 017))
((EQ R 001) (PRINC " swamp"))
((EQ R 002) (PRINC " honeypot"))
((EQ R 003) (PRINC " jam jar"))
((EQ R 004) (PRINC " butterbox"))
((EQ R 005) (PRINC " furburger"))
((EQ R 006) (PRINC " cherry pie"))
((EQ R 007) (PRINC " cush"))
((EQ R 008) (PRINC " slot"))
((EQ R 009) (PRINC " slit"))
((EQ R 010) (PRINC " cockpit"))
((EQ R 011) (PRINC " damp"))
((EQ R 012) (PRINC " furrow"))
((EQ R 013) (PRINC " sanctum sanctorum"))
((EQ R 014) (PRINC " bearded clam"))
((EQ R 015) (PRINC " continental divide"))
((EQ R 016) (PRINC " paradise valley"))
((EQ R 017) (PRINC " wanton desire"))
(DEF 'smut '(LAMBDA ()
 (PRINC '\") (statement) (PRINC '\") (said) (PRINC " the ") (girl)
 (PRINC " as the ") (adj-1) (boy) (verb-1) (PRINC " her ") (adj-2)
 (tits) (PRINC " and ") (verb-2) (PRINC " his ") (adj-3) (prick)
 (PRINC " into her ") (adj-4) (cunt) (PRINC ".") (TERPRI)
~Pseudo-random 1 to s
(DEF 'randomize '(LAMBDA ()
(SETQ RSEED (DTIME))
(SETQ RSEED (- RSEED (* 12345(/ RSEED 12345))))))
(DEF 'random '(LAMBDA (s)
   (SETQ RSEED (+ RSEED 911))
   (COND ((GT RSEED 15000) (SETQ RSEED (- RSEED 15000))))
   (+ 1 (- RSEED (* s (/ RSEED s))))
(DEF 'adj-phrase '(LAMBDA ()
    (PROG ()
   LOOP-adj
    (SETQ R (random 124))
    (PRINC
       (COND
    (COND
     ( (LT(random 3) 3) (PRINC ", ") (GO LOOP-adj))
     ( T		(PRINC " "))
(DEF 'noun '(LAMBDA ()
(COND ((EQ (random 4) 1)
  (SETQ R (random 15))
  (PRINC
   (COND
    ((EQ R 01) "twit")
    ((EQ R 02) "bastard")
    ((EQ R 03) "fool")
    ((EQ R 04) "idiot")
    ((EQ R 05) "cretin")
    ((EQ R 06) "dolt")
    ((EQ R 07) "moron")
    ((EQ R 08) "degenerate")
    ((EQ R 09) "mutant")
    ((EQ R 09) "asshole")
    ((EQ R 10) "imbecile")
    ((EQ R 11) "incompetent")
    ((EQ R 12) "failure")
    ((EQ R 13) "noncompoop")
    ((EQ R 14) "pothead")
    ((EQ R 15) "wiper of other peoples' behinds"))))
  (T(SETQ R (random 30)) (PRINC (COND
     ((EQ R 01) "lump")
     ((EQ R 02) "crock")
     ((EQ R 03) "ball")
     ((EQ R 04) "mass")
     ((EQ R 05) "tub")
     ((EQ R 06) "loaf")
     ((EQ R 07) "bucket")
     ((EQ R 08) "mound")
     ((EQ R 09) "bunch")
     ((EQ R 10) "stack")
     ((EQ R 11) "glob")
     ((EQ R 12) "bag")
     ((EQ R 13) "heap")
     ((EQ R 14) "mountain")
     ((EQ R 15) "load")
     ((EQ R 16) "toilet full")
     ((EQ R 17) "barrel")
     ((EQ R 18) "sack")
     ((EQ R 19) "blob")
     ((EQ R 20) "pile")
     ((EQ R 21) "clump")
     ((EQ R 22) "shovel full")
     ((EQ R 23) "cake")
     ((EQ R 24) "bowl")
     ((EQ R 25) "wheelbarrel full")
     ((EQ R 26) "box")
     ((EQ R 27) "crate")
     ((EQ R 28) "collection")
     ((EQ R 29) "truckload")
     ((EQ R 30) "vat")
    (PRINC " of ")
    (SETQ R (random 69))
    (PRINC (COND
     ((EQ R 01) "stale ")
     ((EQ R 02) "foul ")
     ((EQ R 03) "fossilized ")
     ((EQ R 04) "festering ")
     ((EQ R 05) "steaming ")
     ((EQ R 06) "gross ")
     ((EQ R 07) "reasty ")
     ((EQ R 08) "recycled ")
     ((EQ R 09) "mildewed ")
     ((EQ R 10) "raunchy ")
     ((EQ R 11) "putrid ")
     ((EQ R 12) "moldy ")
     ((EQ R 13) "synthetic ")
     ((EQ R 14) "filthy ")
     ((EQ R 15) "soppy ")
     ((EQ R 16) "radioactive  ")
     ((EQ R 17) "infested ")
     ((EQ R 18) "septic ")
     ((EQ R 19) "crusty ")
     ((EQ R 20) "smelly ")
     ((EQ R 21) "dirty ")
     ((EQ R 22) "rotten ")
     ((EQ R 23) "crumby ")
     ((EQ R 24) "musty ")
     ((EQ R 25) "second-hand  ")
     ((EQ R 26) "fly-covered  ")
     ((EQ R 27) "imitation ")
     ((EQ R 28) "moth-eaten ")
     ((EQ R 29) "pureed ")
     ((EQ R 30) "decaying ")
     ((EQ R 31) "decomposed ")
     ((EQ R 32) "freeze dried ")
     ((EQ R 33) "soggy ")
     ((EQ R 34) "petrified ")
     ((EQ R 35) "seething ")
     ((EQ R 36) "stinking ")
     ((EQ R 37) "clammy ")
     ((EQ R 38) "dehydrated ")
     ((EQ R 39) "polluted ")
     ((EQ R 40) "lousy ")
     ((EQ R 41) "stenchy ")
     ((EQ R 42) "malignant ")
     ((EQ R 43) "noxious ")
     ((EQ R 44) "grimy ")
     ((EQ R 45) "fusty ")
     ((EQ R 46) "reeky ")
     ((EQ R 47) "nasty ")
     ((EQ R 48) "mutilated ")
     ((EQ R 49) "sloppy ")
     ((EQ R 50) "fresh ")
     ((EQ R 51) "gruesome ")
     ((EQ R 52) "foreign ")
     ((EQ R 53) "grisly ")
     ((EQ R 54) "sloshy ")
     ((EQ R 55) "dusky ")
     ((EQ R 56) "wormy ")
     ((EQ R 57) "mealy ")
     ((EQ R 58) "defective ")
     ((EQ R 59) "spoiled ")
     ((EQ R 60) "contaminated ")
     ((EQ R 61) "sun-ripened  ")
     ((EQ R 62) "rancid ")
     ((EQ R 63) "old ")
     ((EQ R 64) "fermenting ")
     ((EQ R 65) "industrial-strength ")
     ((EQ R 66) "flea-bitten ")
     ((EQ R 67) "nauseating ")
     ((EQ R 68) "decomposing ")
     ((EQ R 69) "unimaginable ")
    (SETQ R (random 91))
    (PRINC (COND
     ((EQ R 01) "pig bowels")
     ((EQ R 02) "walrus blubber")
     ((EQ R 03) "dog barf")
     ((EQ R 04) "coyote snot")
     ((EQ R 05) "carp guts")
     ((EQ R 06) "skunk waste")
     ((EQ R 07) "camel fleas")
     ((EQ R 08) "llama spit")
     ((EQ R 09) "rat boogers")
     ((EQ R 10) "toe jam")
     ((EQ R 11) "maggot guts")
     ((EQ R 12) "dog meat")
     ((EQ R 13) "ear wax")
     ((EQ R 14) "nose nuggets")
     ((EQ R 15) "swine remains")
     ((EQ R 16) "rubbish")
     ((EQ R 17) "goat carcusses")
     ((EQ R 18) "sewage")
     ((EQ R 19) "zit cheese")
     ((EQ R 20) "vulture gizzards")
     ((EQ R 21) "hogwash")
     ((EQ R 22) "navel lint")
     ((EQ R 23) "gutter mud")
     ((EQ R 24) "leprousy scabs")
     ((EQ R 25) "nasal hairs")
     ((EQ R 26) "garbage")
     ((EQ R 27) "elephant plaque")
     ((EQ R 28) "slug slime")
     ((EQ R 29) "buzzard barf")
     ((EQ R 30) "jock straps")
     ((EQ R 31) "parrot droppings")
     ((EQ R 32) "camel manure")
     ((EQ R 33) "chicken guts")
     ((EQ R 34) "underwear")
     ((EQ R 35) "compost")
     ((EQ R 36) "pig droppings")
     ((EQ R 37) "rabbit raisins")
     ((EQ R 38) "turkey puke")
     ((EQ R 39) "whale waste")
     ((EQ R 40) "hippo vomit")
     ((EQ R 41) "pimple pus")
     ((EQ R 42) "dog phlegm")
     ((EQ R 43) "buffalo chips")
     ((EQ R 44) "weasel warts")
     ((EQ R 45) "shark snot")
     ((EQ R 46) "swamp mud")
     ((EQ R 47) "tripe")
     ((EQ R 48) "pig hickies")
     ((EQ R 49) "fish lips")
     ((EQ R 50) "cockroaches")
     ((EQ R 51) "dandruff flakes")
     ((EQ R 52) "rodent droppings")
     ((EQ R 53) "carrion")
     ((EQ R 54) "monkey zits")
     ((EQ R 55) "horse puckies")
     ((EQ R 56) "pig slop")
     ((EQ R 57) "sewer seepage")
     ((EQ R 58) "armpit hairs")
     ((EQ R 59) "ape puke")
     ((EQ R 60) "frog fat")
     ((EQ R 61) "bug parts")
     ((EQ R 62) "mule froth")
     ((EQ R 63) "hog livers")
     ((EQ R 64) "camel flops")
     ((EQ R 65) "sludge")
     ((EQ R 66) "pimple squeezings")
     ((EQ R 67) "toad tumors")
     ((EQ R 68) "sweat socks")
     ((EQ R 69) "bat guano")
     ((EQ R 70) "rat cysts")
     ((EQ R 71) "moose entrails")
     ((EQ R 72) "foot fungus")
     ((EQ R 73) "buzzard leavings")
     ((EQ R 74) "eel guts")
     ((EQ R 75) "maggot brains")
     ((EQ R 76) "sinus clots")
     ((EQ R 77) "stable sweepings")
     ((EQ R 78) "drain clogs")
     ((EQ R 79) "cigar butts")
     ((EQ R 80) "pigeon bombs")
     ((EQ R 81) "cow cud")
     ((EQ R 82) "snake innards")
     ((EQ R 83) "spitoon spillage")
     ((EQ R 84) "barf curds")
     ((EQ R 85) "maggot fodder")
     ((EQ R 86) "nose pickings")
     ((EQ R 87) "cow pies")
     ((EQ R 88) "puke lumps")
     ((EQ R 89) "hog swill")
     ((EQ R 90) "sinus drainage")
     ((EQ R 91) "lizard bums")
(DEF 'directional-verb '(LAMBDA ()
  (SETQ R (random 5))
  (PRINC
  (COND
   ((EQ R 1) "puke")
   ((EQ R 2) "vomit")
   ((EQ R 3) "fart")
   ((EQ R 4) "piss")
   ((EQ R 5) "shout obscenities")))))
(DEF 'direction '(LAMBDA ()
  (SETQ R (random 3))
  (PRINC
  (COND
   ((EQ R 1) " at you")
   ((EQ R 2) " in your face")
   ((EQ R 2) " in your general direction")))))
(DEF 'verb-phrase '(LAMBDA ()
  (SETQ R (random 5))
    (COND
     ((EQ R 1) (directional-verb)  (direction))
     ((EQ R 2) (PRINC "cry"))
     ((EQ R 3) (PRINC "weep"))
     ((EQ R 4) (PRINC "scream"))
     ((EQ R 5) (PRINC "commit gross abominations"))
(DEF 'suggestion '(LAMBDA ()
  (SETQ R (random 6))
  (PRINC
    (COND
     ((EQ R 1) "crawl back under a rock")
     ((EQ R 2) "go back whence you came from")
     ((EQ R 3) "die abd leave us in peace")
     ((EQ R 4) "go jump in a lake")
     ((EQ R 5) "take a long walk off a short pier")
     ((EQ R 6) "do yourself a favor and drop dead")
(DEF 'proper-name '(LAMBDA ()
  (SETQ R (random 5))
  (PRINC
  (COND
   ((EQ R 1) "Alan Turing")
   ((EQ R 2) "Marvin Minsky")
   ((EQ R 3) "Douglas Hofstadter")
   ((EQ R 4) "your best friend")
   ((EQ R 4) "a large crowd of graduate students"))
(DEF 'abuse '(LAMBDA ()
  (PRINC "You ") (adj-phrase) (noun) (PRINC ". ")
  (SETQ RR (random 4))
  (COND
   ((EQ RR 1) (PRINC "May ") (proper-name) (PRINC " ") (directional-verb)
   ((EQ RR 2) (PRINC "Whenever I see you, I want to ") (verb-phrase)
   ((EQ RR 3) (PRINC "Why don't you ") (suggestion) (PRINC ". "))
   ((EQ RR 4) (PRINC "Please, ") (suggestion) (PRINC ". "))
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-07 20:30:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fan mail from Hallam-Baker... 
Do you mean the drug dealer queen?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 05:36:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your mail 
Perhaps he doesn't.  A prefrontal lobotomy does that to people.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 05:40:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anti-Spambot: what algorithm should be used? 
Right - if you're following up in a newsgroup, you can just re-use
the subject. You can also use the "From:" and other headers from
one of the regular posters.
If you're following up, then rather than being random, you can tailor
you response based on the message you're following up on - kind of
like Eliza or better. :-)
I don't think it's possible.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 09:14:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anti-Spambot: what algorithm should be used? 
I just came up with yet another brilliant idea how to combine Usenet
marketing with e-cash. Suppose Alice runs an advertizing agency and gets
paid to publicize certain messages of commercial or political nature.
She sets up a Web page listing the catalog of regexps that she wishes to
publicize. Something like:
1. Visit.*teens.*
2. Elect.*John M. Grubor.*sheriff
4. For a drooling good time.*900-555-5555
3. Drink Kaka Cola
and a price list for each regexp - say, $2 for posting this regexp in a
moderated newsgroup, 50c for the Big 8, 25c for alt and regionals. I'm
not sure if cross-posts should be discounted. Assuming there are several
such Alices, the prices will be set by supply and demand.
Suppose Bob, in search of a few quick bucks, comes across Alice's site.
We'd have to think of a protocol, but Alice assigns Bob an id which he
must mention together with the regexps in order to get credit. Alice and
Bob enter a contract. Bob puts one or more of Alice's regexps in his
Usenet articles - most likely in the .signature. For example:
   From: bob
   Newsgroups: rec.sports.phishing,alt.fan.alice
   Message-ID: <123 at bob.server>
   --
   Elect John M. Grubor sheriff!!!            Alice's ID# 123456
   I am Bob! I am Bob! I am Bob the Poster!   Drink Kaka Kola
Alice's bot searches the Usenet feed (like K*bo and S*rd*r) for the
regexps that she is paid to promote. When she encounters Bob's article,
it extracts Bob's ID and the Message-Id, counts the distinct regexps, and
the newsgroups, and credits Bob's account.
If Carol follows up on Bob's article and quotes Bob's regexps and ID
then Bob gets paid again. If somehow an article contains the ID# of two
or more of Alice's agents, they split the fee.
Alice's contract can also specify that if a third party forges a cancel
within a week for Bob's Usenet article containing the regexp, then Alice
will pay nothing and let Bob sue the forger for the lost income. (This
may become moot as more and more ISPs ignore forged cancels.) This gives
Bob the insentive to spam intelligently - not to trigger any cancelbots
and not to have his plug pulled by his ISP.
Alice can also put some reasonable caps on the number of repetitions
because if Bob posts the same regexp 10,000 times, the marginal exposure
is less from Bob than from a newbie Carol. Again, if there are several
such Alices, the market will take care of negotiating such details.
Actually, this doesn't even need e-cash - Alice can pay regular $$$.
Hi Ross - if you're still on these lists, I think you'll like this.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 17:09:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: 20 Armed Feds raid home of guy (Jim Bell) who posted to Internet 
Has or hasn't C2Net's reputation been devastated by Sandy Sandfart?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 17:10:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Please donate to Sean Fein whenever Hallam-Baker posts to this list 
Not at all - he just reaffirmed my conviction that the IRA is right.
That's an excellent suggestion!  Thank you very much, Paul.
I found their web site at They have a little electronic commerce page - if you have
ssh, you can order a cool Bobby Sands T-shirt and pay with
your Visa or MasterCard.
OK, I hereby pledge to snail-mail $1 cash to:
     Friends of Sinn F\'ein
     510 C St NE
     Washington, DC 20002
Every time Hallam-Baker posts to this mailing list.
I urge other list members to do likewise.
You will be supporting a just cause.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 17:10:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AP Revisited 
But of course - entities that sell insurance/write options refer to
their business as "making bets" and that's exactly what it is.
By the way a lot of people in the finance industry are compulsive
gamblers who lose tremendous amounts of money on horses, sports
events, Atlantic City, etc.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 17:20:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Adam Back speaks out on AP / was: Jim Bell? Never heard of him. 
C2Net threatens its critics with lawsuits.  Does it get richer as
a result of its barratrous behavior?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-08 21:30:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anti-Spambot: what algorithm should be used? 
Yes, Bob could post something like "drink kaka cola and die" and
"elect John M Gubor Sheriff if you want to be arrested".
Hopefully, most Bob's won't.
I guess the solution is for Alice's clients to pick regexps such
that _any_ publicity is good publicity - such as a URL or a 900 number.
If the regexp is "John Gilmore is a cocksucker", what can Bob add to it? :-)
Killfiles? So many scumbags whine about their inability to use them,
so they try to silence whomever they don't like.
Yes, if Alice just posts her regexps on a public Web page, a clueful
person can automatically fetch them and add them to his killfile or
even forge cancels for Bobs' articles that contain them.
I think this would be a stupid thing to do because Bobs' articles
may contain useful information besides Alice's ad. Also the regexp
might occur in a followup to Bob's article, which may contain
useful information.
But of course a reader is welcome to cut off his own nose to spite
and face and to killfile anything he likes - as long as he doesn't
prevent others from reading what they feel like reading.
Alice can try to keep her list of regexp's "confidential" and only
give it out to Bobs that are the prospective posters. I don't think
this would work. Someone would pose as a potential agent, obtain
the list of regexps, and post it (perhaps via an anonymous remailer).
So Alice might as well make it public.
Another possible candidate for killfile trigger is the "Alice ID".
Alice can make it harder by not using one (as I originally proposed)
but instead by recognizing the address "From:" header.
Alice doesn't want to pay Bob for posting in alt.i.just.made.this.up.
Therefore Alice should provide the explicit list of newsgroups that
she monitors and for which she pays.
On the second thought, Alice may not need a prior contract with Bob,
nor the ID She can just list the regexps she's trying to promote
on her web page and go promiscuously by the address in the From: header.
And if we forego the ID# and just look at the From: header then it's
simpler: if Carol quotes Bob's article and includes a regexp, then Carol
gets an e-mail from Alice with some e-cash, perhaps sent via an
anonymous remailer.
One problem is that a lot of people put fake addresses in the from:
fields. Why waste good e-cash on e-mail to addresses that bounce?
What Alice could do is send an e-mail like
 "Your article with message-id blah posted to blah contains
  a message that I'm paying to promote. Here is a cookie;
  if you return this cookie, I'll send you $n e-cash."
If it bounces, or if the recipient never sends back the cookie - too bad.
After Alice's bot finds an eligible Usenet article, it should wait
a week or so to see if it was cancelled or superseded before issuing a
payment. If it's cancelled, then instead of payment it should send
a notice saying:
 "Your article with message-id blah posted to blah contains
  a message that I'm paying to promote. I would have paid
  you $n e-cash, but unfortunately a cancel has been issued
  for your article: "
That should get Bob pretty mad at the 3rd party canceller. :-)
Alice needs to maintain a map of (poster,newsgroup,regexp) to # posts;
when it reaches 100, stop paying this poster. I think 100 mentions by
the same poster is way past saturation.
Ross: yes, unfortunately the spambot is on the back burner right now,
but I definitely will finish it eventually.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 08:11:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reporters, Declan, Columns, Articles, and Angles 
(long flame skipped)
I guess Timmy May is still miffed at Declan for exposing Timmy and Cocksucker
John Gilmore as plug-pulling censors?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 08:13:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anti-Spambot: what algorithm should be used? 
That's a good feature.  Other than raw e-cash, Alice could be sending out
messages like "Here's a random token: return this token to redeem your
cash". Also instead of general-purpose cash, Alice could be sending out
soft tokens only usable at her site: mention Alice's 900 number, receive
an e-mail with a secret code that allows you to FTP a single x-rated
picture from Alice's Web site.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 08:17:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anti-Spambot: what algorithm should be used? 
Good - let them exercise their ingenuity rather than forge cancels and
pull plugs.
OK, I see several approaches:
1. For some kinds of advertizing messages, like 900 numbers, even the kind
of exposure you describe is good exposure.
2. Alice's bot can state that it won't pay for articles that contain certain
kinds of "taboo" regexps - "fuck", "shit", "piss", "cunt", "spam", "Alice...".
3. When is the contract created, if at all? Alice can just review the traffic
by hand, as a human, and decide on her whim that she won't be paying this
particular Bob anymore.
Wonderful - go ahead and do it.  Anyone clueful enough to build a killfile
may not be worth advertisingto anyway.
Remember how Sandy Sandfart used to preach how he has the abllity to filter
out my traffic, but he wants to silence me in the interest of those who don't
have this capability?
Same thing with killfiles.
The address could be a black hole type of thing.
But, on the third thought :-), I don't like the idea of sending unsolicited
e-mail in response to Usenet articles, even if the e-mail contains e-cash.
How about this for a protocol:
Alice puts up the Web site listing the regexps she wants promoted.
Bob tells Alice (via a web form, say):
I will be posting as bob at foo.nospam.bar and bob at delete.me.foo.bar;
please e-mail my fee to bob at fo.bar; your decisions are final.
Alice e-mails bob at foo.bar, saying:
please post cookie1 to misc.test (or whatever) as bob at foo.nospam.bar;
please post cookie2 to misc.test as bob at delete.me.foo.bar
(to show that Bob does post from these accounts and does read e-mail
at bob at foo.bar).
Once Alice's bot sees the cookies, it starts generating fee e-mails.
Moreover if Alice sees Bob making fun of her, the way you described, she
can stop paying him forever.
There would hopefully be more than one Alice competing for the posting agents.
If she acts unethically (fails to come through with the payment), she will
lose reputation capital.
I mean, Alice can just put up a web page claiming that she'll pay for
promoting her regexps, and then not send anybody any ecash, cancels or
no cancels. Who's going to sue her for breach of contract and where?
Spammers are less crooks than Sandy Sandfart and Cocksucker John Gilmore,
or th scumbags who forge cancels.
I can generate a bazillion posters from dm.com, but this is rare.
I can also get a dozen AOL screen names from a single AOL account.
It's OK because the reasons for this cap are pure marketing:
(not trying to cap Alice's expense). For the target audience,
seeing the same 900 number >100 times from the same address loses
the marginal effectiveness.  If you post the same 900 number 100
times from ichudov at algebra.com and then 100 times from arabinovich at algera.com
it'll be as effective as if it came from irabinovich at analysis.com.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 10:51:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Killfiles (was: spambots) 
Sure - remember how Sandy Sandfart, the marketing guy from C2Net, claimed
that he's already filtering out me e-mail on this list, but wanted me
silenced to protect the "newbies" who haven't yet filtered me out?
The anonymous coward known as "Lucky Green" likes to publicly *PLONK*
anyone he disagrees with.  This is supposed to represent the sound the
address makes as it hits the killfile.  of course once Lucky Green
*PLONKS* someone, he becomes obsessed with that person - stalks them
around and follows up on anything they say with his Cabal drivel.
Well - they're welcome to killfile whatever they don't like. No one's
forcing them to read the traffic they don't want. Problem is, net.scum
like Cocksucker John Gilmore and Timmy May want to prevent others from
having access to the information the net.scum wants to suppress.
In a recent incident, a teenage Cabal stooge has published a defamatory
web page known as "Global Killfile" and advertised it heavily on usenet.
As the result, the wife of one of the people mentioned in the "Global
Killfile" just had her plug pulled by her ISP who cited this as the only
reason for their action.  I think they have a very good civil case -
better than C2Net's barratrous threats.
Definitely - and I remember everyone who supported Cocksucker John Gilmore.
On a related topic, consider the make.money.fast spam.  Anyone with half a
clue can killfile it both in Usenet and in e-mail, since it contains essentially
the same key words. But a number of people feel obliged to forge cancels for
MMF posted to Usenet because it's supposed to be a pyramid scheme that's
supposed to be illegal in *some* jusrisdictions. Following the same logic,
the government of Singapore can forge cancels for any Usenet articles
critical of their Hitler-like leader because such criticism is illegal
in Singapore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 15:23:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NSA Intercepts Sent to Democratic National Committee 
This reminds me how some stupid cunt on Usenet thought I was latvian and
posted hundreds of kilobytes of flames about how stupid latvians were
using me as an example.  Of course, I am NOT latvian in any way.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 15:23:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bot-generated insults 
No one thought you could. We already know that chimpanzees are smarter than
Amrenians. Please don't waste the bandwidth by demonstrating it yet again.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-09 17:11:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reactionaries 
What sort of humor does have a place here?
Timmy's racist rants about petards and crazy Russians?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-10 16:22:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reporters, Declan, Columns, Articles, and Angles 
That's $3 for Sinn F\'ein.  Thank you, Phil.
P.S. Fuck your Queen.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-10 18:10:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reactionaries 
Timmy May claims to have killfiled both myself and Toto. How does he know
what we're writing about? Is he lying again?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-11 16:31:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: KC post per Alec 
I suppose (and I'm no mind reader) that Kent feels that who you fuck/suck
(for kicks, not for money) is your business, but what you do for a living
is the gubmint's business.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-12 07:43:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Balance of Terror 
No thank you, Timmy, we're not interested.
Besides, you claim to have killfiled half the posters - how can
you know who starts how many threads?  Are you lying again?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-13 12:00:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: How to IGNORE massive To: and Cc: spams 
I suspect that a typical Windows user with a POP account usually has a unix
account and a home directory (although its shell may be /etc/false or some
such); he may be able to ftp to it and create a .forward file pointing
to procmail, who will look at the incoming mail before passing on to his
PPP. I don't really know shit about this, so don't flame me if this
doesn't work. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-13 13:30:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Rumor and Reputation Paradox... 
That from a vocal supporter of Cocksucker John Gilmore's plug-pulling...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-16 18:03:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Digi-Cash IPO! $1.60 per share ( remove ) 
Patents and copyrights violate true free speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-16 19:50:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Neo-Nazis indict Compuserve official 
Yikes!  We better not post it to this mailing list, then.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-18 18:00:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
(binary nonsense snipped)
$1 to Sinn Fein - thank you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-18 18:00:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Xs4all website censored by German academic network (fwd) 
Germany has a tradition of hounding Jews out of their universities,
for which the U.S. Universities were most thankful in the 1930s.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-18 21:00:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Light Bulbs & newsgroups 
Waco is the American way.  Ruby Ridge is the American way.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-20 09:03:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
If they have the balls to let him talk.
I convinced Jim to submit a paper to the InfoWarCon last September, but
NSCA didn't have the balls to let him speak.  They did put him paper on
their web server, tho.
Dimitri "sick and tired of this virus" Vulis
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-21 20:20:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: How to pick up email addresses from a feedback form?? 
Om shanti.
You should definitely get a newer version of Windows (or Linux) and a
newer version of Netscape, together with a few clues.
Do a 'view source' in your ancient netscape, and you'll probably see that
the submit button lives in a form whose action="
Is it "his" form? On a big site, the domain contact is likely to have no
clue about _all_ the web pages on their site.
That's a keeper.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-23 10:30:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Plain Text / InterNet Free Terra 
Whose cow should moo.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-23 10:42:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bombing Denver? / Or: How Capt. Button Learned to Stop 
Is Timmy `C' May on his own "do not hire" list?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-24 11:30:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Net is Closing, the U.S. is becoming a Terror State 
Why, because your Cocksucker pal John Gilmore can't pull plugs?
I've been saying this for some time now.  Any ideas where to emigrate to?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-24 11:34:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Do government employees have freedom of speech? 
Employees of C2Net don't mind.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-24 11:37:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Post Office to act as CA, creator of keys 
Are the people at C2Net really this clueless, or is this a joke?
To keep a copy, obviously.
Let me see if I follow the C2Net shill's logic:
USPS generates my public/private pair of keys.
USPS doesn't list the private keys as the data USPS plans to retain
Therefore I can assume that they won't retain it.
I guess this fits with everything else C2Net's been doing and saying.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-25 06:19:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Downloading Software + viruses (HOAX) 
It sounds like someone just earned themselves a net.scum page.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-25 08:26:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cato forum on liquor advertising and electronic media 
Isn't it ironic when people who support Cocksucker John Gilmore and C2Net
call themselves "we libertarians"?
Cigarette advertizing is what created TV in the U.S.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-25 22:00:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Crypto moves forward: Commerce Dept panel and SAFE markup 
Declan is showing promise.
Most folks who are trying to sell crypto products will say YES.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-25 22:00:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query: Who has left the U.S. to evade the law? 
If your "friend" is Charlie Platt, you should stay away from him -
Charlie is a liar and a crook.
Now, what was the name of that guy in Antigua...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-26 09:42:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query: Who has left the U.S. to evade the law? 
Charles Platt is a liar and a crook.  Ask his former business partners
in the "Cryocare foundation". Re-read the bullshit that he's been posting
to this mailing list. Re-read his sick sexual fantasies on alt.torture.
Charles Platt claimed that I was kicked off panix.com for "theft of
services". He posted this lie to cypherpunks, to Declan's "fight
censorship" mailing list, and several other forums. Platt's claim is
an outright lie, like everything else he says. Yes, there used to
be an account "vulis at panix.com", used mostly by my wife. We didn't
like Panix's service, so we stopped paying for it, and the account
was closed in October 96. We fired Panix. If Panix thinks we owe
them something for their service, let them speak up.
Declan's credibility as a journalist is severely hurt by his association
with the proven liar and a crook - Charles Platt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-28 07:36:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cato forum on liquor advertising and electronic media 
Neither.  It's a statement of fact - in the 40's and 50's and early 60's
cigarette ads were the majoroty of TV ads (and most of the rest were  liquor
ads).  The capital needed to build the infrastructure to produce the TV shows
came from the cigarette ads.  If there were no cigarette ads in the '50's, then
US TV would probably remain as capital-starved as, say, BBC. I'm not sure if
that would be a GOOD THING or a BAD THING.
I also don't think the gubmint has any business regulating any form of
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-04-29 18:00:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Crypto gambling 
It has been brung to my attention that one of the horses running in this
Saturday's Kentucky Derby is named Crypto Star.  He already won the
Louisiana and Arkansas Derbys.
Vote Labour!!!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-01 22:37:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Attila T. Spammer / Re: Denning questions/reverses her position? 
A mail glitch.  Big deal.  :-)
Come on now.  Dr. Denning is a VERY smart woman and I'm glad that she
eventually came to see the evils of GAK (key escrow by gov't).
I'm pretty sure she still supports the right of a corporation to
tell the users of corporate systems not to have anything on those
systems that the corporation can't decrypt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-01 22:39:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free   download) 
Not true.  Urban legend.
(Not did the Cantor & Siegel spam cut Australia off of Usenet.  The cancels
forged for their spam did.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 08:20:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
[detect multi-post]
In my opinion, the hnorable way to deal with multi-posts is to detect them
automatically and to ignore them. A NoCeM 'bot like the one run by the
Venerable CancelMoose is a good thing.
A compression scheme where many copies of the same text would be transmitted
only once even if they're posted once would be an excellent thing (given that
such traffic is a very substantial
portion of a full uncensored feed), but it's not crucial.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 08:21:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
Once again, the net.Scum who forges cancels are generally NOT news admins.
Please examine Net.Scum web pages for the self-appointed censors like
Tim Brown ( or Bob Curtis
(../curtisb0.html) when the site is up again.  Indeed, Bob Curtis's
example is very telling - he tried to "take over" an unmoderated
newsgroup, claiming to represent some "Usenet administration", and
forging cancels for articles that exposed his lies.
Here's one counterexample. Yes, it's in the
regional relcom.* hierarchy.  Yes, there are lots of folks who forge cancels
for "inappropriate cross-posts" in the "big 8". I won't bother looking
for them because Tim Skirvin knows about it and is simply lying.
]Path: ...!
]From: dmart at news1.relcom.ru (Dmitri Martynoff)
]Newsgroups: relcom.commerce.computers,relcom.commerce.communications,relcom.demos.commerce,relcom.netnews,relcom.tcpip,relcom.
]Subject: cmsg cancel <33c3c4a0.2317359 at news2.worldweb.net>
]Control: cancel <33c3c4a0.2317359 at news2.worldweb.net>
]Date: 9 Jul 1997 01:11:51 GMT
]Organization: Relcom/Eunet InterNetNews site
]Lines: 3
]Sender: vad at worldweb.net (Vadim Daskovsky)
]Approved: dmart at relcom.ru
]Message-ID: <5puogn$9f0$1 at news1.relcom.ru>
]NNTP-Posting-Host: news1.relcom.ru
]Excessive crossposting a.k.a. SPAM canceled. See Usenet newsgroup
]news.admin.net-abuse.misc for details.
]Coordinator of relcom.* newsgroups Dmitri Martynoff .
And now some friends of Tim are forging cancels for any traffic originating
from UUNet, irrespective of contents, and Tim Skirvin approves of it.
Tell your news admin to stop processing cancels immediately.
Please be advised that all of Tim Skirvin's FAQs are full of lies (except
for the parts plagiarized from David Stodolsky :-).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 23:30:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
In all fairness, it would decrease the "spam" because some spammers are
certain to be unwilling to pay for braodcasting the kind of crap they
now broadcast for a flat fee. However it would not eliminate the "spam"
and it would damped the "signal" more than it would damped the "noise".
In my opinion, the recipient of the "spam" should not have to pay
anything. Now, some service charge per packets transmitted or the
time spent online. Their users are therefore pushed into trying to
censor "spam", flames, or anything else they find off-topic. Even
when there's no monetary cost, some people use crappy software to
read usenet or mailing lists, and it takes them time to ignore what
they don't like, and they value their time and become angry.
Most of my posts on newsgroups like nyc.food or comp.unix.questions are
answers to other people's questions.  I'd love to see this concept
extended to Usenet - sort of like "shareware".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 23:32:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
You're splitting hairs.  One very unpleasant cancel-forger, Jan Isley,
was the admin of a site where he was also the sole user.  When I posted
to usenet the expose's of jan's net-abuse (forged cancels) and asked
everyone to complain to his upstream site (Emory University), Jan Isley
forged cancels for 6 of my articles claiming that I "advocate harrassment
of uninvolved third parties".  Well, the third parties got complaints
anyway and pulled jan's plug in no time. :-)
For the archetypal "spam canceller", please examine Tim Brown's
net.Scum page at  when that site
is up.
Who's misrepresenting what, Tim?
Chris Lewis has a 'bot that forges cancels for multi-posted articles.
Chris Lewis forges cancels by hand for articles that are critical of
him (claiming that they're "spam"), for articles that quote his earlier
articles (claiming that they violatehis copyright), posts numerous
lies about me (which you yourself partialy refutes the other day).
Tim Brown, a similar "spam canceller", forges cancels for "spam" as
well as articles that make fun of his newsletter, "The Last Word".
Etc, etc - take a look at  for numerous other examples.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 23:32:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
Just commenting on some stuff I missed earlier:
Problem is, a "small token" for some may be a lot of money for someone
else. A poor person may be unwilling to part with 5c; a rich person or
a corporation may still be willing to spend a million dollars on an
advertising campaing (selling something or warning about the second
cumming of Jesus).  The way the things are now, everyone is equally
free to post and if you're into reputations, they can build one with
the contents of their writings, not the amount of money they can
afford to spend on posting.
I'm sorry, I don't see how posting megabytes of noise every day can
swamp the content. Moreover, if such actions were indeed cause a problem,
they would not be eliminated with payments. Some people would be willing
to spend money to "flood" the net with what you consider to be "spam" -
because they're rich or because they have access to a large advertising
budget. The solution is for you to make sure you're using a reader that
lets you find the content from
A while ago I read an interesting story about the behavior of German
tourists with cars in Czech republic.  The Czechs used to discourage
their own population from 1) speeding, 2) parking in inappropriate
places by imposing fines.  The fines were a lot of money for the locals,
but small change for the Germans (because of the screwed up exchange
rates for the most part). The Germans would speed on the local roads
and park their cars where they obstructed traffic since the fines
were no deterrent.
Natrurally, there's a huge difference between an inappropriately parked
car and a Usenet article. If you can't get our of your garage because
some tourist's car is parked in your driveway, it's a problem. If a
usent article is "inappropriately posted", you can just ignore it.
Now that is another very interesting suggestion from Adam.
Instead of discouraging the behavior you don't like, encourage the
behavior you do like.
A shareware-like concept - send e-cash donations to the posters of
usenet articles that you like and whom you want to encourage.
Make 1 cent the standard "tip" for an article that you read and liked.
Feel free to send more if you like an article a lot. Don't send anything
if you don't like the article or if you've killfiled the author.
Or the ones who post good porn in alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.
Reward the ones whose postings others do want to read. Yes,
an excellent idea if you can work out the details.
I invite Adam and David to subscribe to the freedom-knights mailing list
(send 'subscribe freedom-knights at jetcafe.org' to majordomo at jetcafe.org)
if you want to continue this not-quite-crypto discussion there.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 23:37:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
The people on the Cypherpunks mailing list know Paul Pomes as a member of
Gary Burnore's databasix gang who has been complaining to remailer
operators' upstream sites and employers (such as Jeff Burchell).
Here are some of the e-mails I've received from Paul Pomes:
]From ppomes at Qualcomm.com  Mon May  5 15:42:15 1997
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Mon, 05 May 97 16:07:50 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from zelkova.qualcomm.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA05094 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 5 May 97 15:42:15 -0400
]Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1])
]	by zelkova.qualcomm.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id MAA04331
]	for ; Mon, 5 May 1997 12:42:12 -0700 (PDT)
]X-Mailer: exmh version 2.0gamma 1/27/96
]To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
]From: ppomes at Qualcomm.com (Paul Pomes)
]Organization: Qualcomm, Inc.
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
]Date: Mon, 05 May 1997 12:42:11 -0700
]Message-Id: <4328.862861331 at zelkova.qualcomm.com>
]Sender: ppomes at Qualcomm.com
]I take this all to mean that you are Master Cocksucker Dimwit Vulis?
]After all I was always taught to consider the source.
[my totally unrelated cypherpunks article snipped]
Paul Pomes sends me harrassing e-mail and quotes more obscenities from
the anonymous remailers:
]From ppomes at Qualcomm.com  Mon May  5 14:34:22 1997
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Mon, 05 May 97 16:07:56 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from zelkova.qualcomm.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA29061 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 5 May 97 14:34:22 -0400
]Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1])
]	by zelkova.qualcomm.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id LAA04164
]	for ; Mon, 5 May 1997 11:34:15 -0700 (PDT)
]X-Mailer: exmh version 2.0gamma 1/27/96
]To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
]From: ppomes at Qualcomm.com (Paul Pomes)
]Organization: Qualcomm, Inc.
]X-Url: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
]Date: Mon, 05 May 1997 11:34:15 -0700
]Message-Id: <4161.862857255 at zelkova.qualcomm.com>
]Sender: ppomes at Qualcomm.com
]My alias of dimwit for you is appropriate.
]------- Forwarded Message
]Date:    Sun, 04 May 1997 13:39:11 +0200
]From:    nobody at replay.com (Anonymous)
]To:      cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: Firewalls
]Timmy Mayo the self-admitted child molester
]possesses a rudimentary dick less than one
]inch long, half the size of his mother's
]clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby
]hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick
]fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
]         \|||/
]         (o o)
]     -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timmy Mayo
]------- End of Forwarded Message
]From ppomes at Qualcomm.com  Wed May  7 17:27:20 1997
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Wed, 07 May 97 19:18:55 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from zelkova.qualcomm.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA21866 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Wed, 7 May 97 17:27:20 -0400
]Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1])
]	by zelkova.qualcomm.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id OAA08611
]	for ; Wed, 7 May 1997 14:26:32 -0700 (PDT)
]X-Mailer: exmh version 2.0gamma 1/27/96
]To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
]From: ppomes at Qualcomm.com (Paul Pomes)
]Organization: Qualcomm, Inc.
]X-Url: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
]Date: Wed, 07 May 1997 14:26:31 -0700
]Message-Id: <8608.863040391 at zelkova.qualcomm.com>
]Sender: ppomes at Qualcomm.com
]And you fancy yourself a human being.  We all have our illusions.
]------- Forwarded Message
]Date:    Tue, 06 May 1997 03:14:52 -0400
]From:    lucifer at dhp.com (lucifer Anonymous Remailer)
]To:      cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: PGP
]Tim C[retin] Mayflower styles his facial hair to look more
]like pubic hair.
]      ,,,
] -ooO(o o)Ooo- Tim C[retin] Mayflower
]      (_)
]------- End of Forwarded Message
Please tell me, Tim, why you disagree with Paul's description on his
Net.Scum page.
I'm posting this for the record to the F-K list, so people are aware
of the kind of behavior Tim Skirvin condones in his friends.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-02 23:39:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
Look in your "control" newsgroup, and you'll see that most of the
cancels forged for the MMFs state in the body that they're being
cancelled because they're "illegal". To save bandwidth, here's one
counterexample to Tim's claim:
]Path: ...!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.msfc.nasa.gov!cyberspam!not-for-mail
]From: news at news.msfc.nasa.gov
]Newsgroups: sci.physics
]Subject: cmsg cancel <32684BAE.68B3 at computer.mic> no reply ignore
]Message-ID: ]Date: Sat, 19 Oct 1996 15:07:31 GMT
]Control: cancel <32684BAE.68B3 at computer.mic>
]Sender: listentome ]Reply-To: bitbucket at news.msfc.nasa.gov
]Organization: Semi-Automatic Chain Letter Remover
]Lines: 3
]Approved: news at news.msfc.nasa.gov
]X-No-Archive: Yes
]X-Canceled-by: news at news.msfc.nasa.gov
]Illegal MMF canceled by news at news.msfc.nasa.gov
You will notice that the anonymous cancel came from a .gov site. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 01:46:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
I'm back from the weekend to a large quantity of unanswered e-mail
which I'll get to eventually. if you said something of interest in
the last week or so, I'll comment on it this week - I hope.
But first I'll rant and rave some more on the subject of payment for
physical transportation and the snail mail, with the payment for the
Internet in mind.
As I think I pointed out before, the "spammers" would be more willing to
spend money to post than the folks who just talk and answer questions.
I wouldn't answer questions on comp.unix.questions if I had to pay to
do that. Any scheme that requires the poster to pay will dampen signal
more than it will damped the noise and thus worsed the signal to noise ratio.
I've been getting dramatically less junk e-mail sent to the addresses which
I placed on the various "removal" lists. (Maybe 1 or 2 / day, vs 10-20 on
the 'control" ones.)
Bill G wrote that the payment for (non-toll) roads is flat. This
isn't quite true. You see, the more you use a road, the more gasoline
you use up. When you buy gasoline, a very substantial portion of its
price are the taxes imposed by varous gubmint entities. A "toll-free"
road still brings revenues when it's used - the more traffic, the more
gas is burned, the more gas is bought, the more tax is paid. The funds
raised from gasoline taxes are supposed to be earmarked for highway
repairs and new construction.  Thus, the gubmint taxes you for every
mile you drive. Owners with less "fuel-efficient" cars are taxed more
heavily. All miles are equal, whether you drive on an interstate or
around your own backyard.  Tolls come in when the gubmint wants to
make a certain mile "more equal" than the other miles. E.g. in New
York City it costs $7 to cross the Verazzano bridge from Brooklyn
to Staten Island, but if you live on Staten Island, you can get a
discount. (By the way, this toll is used to subsidize the subway, which doesn't even go to Staten Island.)
Of course the U.S. highway infrastructure isn't getting adequate
maintenance anyway and is failing at an increasing rate.
The New York City subways/buses are an example of a true flat rate. Last months the system changed so that if you use a little plastic
card to pay your fare instead of the traditional token, you can
change for free between buses and subways.  Thus, someone who lives
and works in Manhattan and takes a subway for 1 or 2 stops pays the
same $1.50 as someone who takes the subway from Manhattan to the
outskirts of Queens and then changes to a bus. The argument is that
once the infrastructure is in place, the incremental cost of carrying
one more passenger doesn't depend much on how far he's going. The
real reason is that the users who benefit from this fare structure
are much more likely to vote Republican than the users who
subsidize them. :-) And NYC subways are still in a much worse shape
than the public transportation in cities where the fare depends on
the length of the trip (like Washington, DC, or London) or is
artificially low and can't cover the costs (like Moscow).
I might as well remind those still reading this rant that the reason
why NYC subways fell into such disrepair was political. When 3 private
companies built competing underground railroad systems in NYC in late
19th/early 20th century, they each charged a flat 5c for a ride and
had sufficient revenue for maintenance, new construction, and dividends
to the investors. Unfortunately, USD like any other currency is
subject to inflation. When the 3 companies tried to raise their fares
to match their rising costs, the New York City and State politicians
didn't let them. To keep the subway fare at 5c was the standard
promise of every politician running for NYC mayor in the first half
of the century. The subway companies were forced to operate at a loss
and were happy to turn over their trains to the Metropolitan
Transportation Authority - a piece of gubmint controlled by New York
State. Now that the gubmint owns the subways, the fares have been
rising much faster than the inflation. (I remember when the subway
cost 50c on a weekday, 25c on a weekend.) However the years of
neglect (blamed on the lack of capital) have left the subways in
a much worse shape, and the repairs are likely to cost more than
regular maintenance would have. (Just like the U.S. highway
And the cost of collecting the fares is a substantial one. (This is
also the case with long distance telephone calls - I believe that
flat-rate service, not wasting any resources on keeping track how
long a particular user has used a circuit, will prevail eventually.)
E.g. the MTA just spent close to $1B on installing new turnstiles
with card readers. Most users of New York City subways already pay
a special city income tax (not that I like it). Wouldn't it be more
"efficient" to make the subways "free", and to collect the funds
for running the subways from the "general" city and state taxes?
(Using taxes is the socialist solution; letting a private company
charge a flat fee for unlimited usage, if it so chooses, is the
efficient free market solution.)
Now on the subject of snail mail: someone asked why USPS is in the
business of censoring content (e.g. pyramid schemes). USPS has been
in this business for a long time. It refuses to deliver "obscene"
content, and in the past refused to deliver "birth control"
information (to a consenting recipient) judging it to be obscene.
Not too long ago USPS used to raid "competing" services, such
as FedEx, examine the contents of the letters, judge that they
weren't sufficiently "urgent" and should have sent via 1st class
mail (USPS's gubmint-granted monopoly), and harrass the sender
and the recipient. Not too long ago USPS seriously proposed
charging 1st class postage any time a fax machine was used.
Is USPS's postage "flat"? Obviously, they charge per piece of mail.
However is costs the same 32c to smail a first-class envelope under
a certain weight from Queens to Brooklyn or to Hawaii. Obviously, it
takes much more effort to deliver such a letter to HI than to Brooklyn.
The European tradition was to charge according to the distance the
letter was supposed to travel. I recall reading that in late 19th
century USPS simply did not deliver to rural areas - the farmer was
supposed to travel to his nearest post office to collect the mail.
There was a political battle in U.S. Congress, with "free rural
delivery" being the slogan of the politicians representing the
states with a lot of farmers, while the ones from the more urban
states did not want their contituents to subsidize the obviously
expensive rural delivery. Eventually the farmers won, resulting
in the birth of "mail order" industry - companies mass-mailing
catalogs and delivering good by mail (such as Sears), who were
in fact subsidized by the city dwellers who had to pay the same
postage to deliver a package across town than Sears paid to
deliver its catalog across the Great Plains.
It costs USPS much more to deliver an envelope with a handwritten
address than one with an OCR-readable address. That's why the senders
of "junk mail" (pre-sorted, with OCR-ready labels) are said to
subsidize the senders who scribble something on an envelope - even
though the "bulk" postage is less than "first class". USPS has
been talking about various schemes so people who mail a single
envelope with an OCR-ready address would get a smaller postage
hike than the "scribblers".
I'm not sure what all this means in terms of flat vs. metered
Internet fees, so in closing I'll rant about the pyramid schemes,
"airplane games", "earn money stuffing envelopes" scams, et al.
No gubmint should be in the business of declaring them to be
"illegal" any more than they should be declaring pornography, bomb-making  recipes, religious propaganda, or crypto programs
to be "illegal". You may recall that the first wide-known pyramid scheme was run
buy a chap named Ponzi in Boston. He collected money from "investors", and said he expected to pay back a handsome return
based on some "postal orders" business. He did in fact pay the
promised returns to the early invesors using the funds collected
from the later investors, until the rate he had to
pay out the old investors exceeded the rate at which he was
getting new investors. Ponzi was arrested, convicted of "fraud"
(because he was claiming that the returns came from "postal
orders" when in fact they didn't), spend a brief time in jail,
then moved to Florida where he made lots of money on the real
easte boom.
A similar scheme in Russia by an organizaton called "MMM", run by the Mavrodi bothers, left a large number of "investors"
holding the bag. Interestingly, one of the Mavrodi brothers
is now in Russian jail (awaiting trial), and the other one is
still running a pyramid scheme: he accepts "voluntary donations"
from an investor, in return for a "voluntary donation" later
date whose amount and time are not guaranteed and depend on
the "donations" collected from others. The Russian government
does not shut down Mavrodi's latest operation so far, claiming
it's not "fraud" since he doesn't misrepresent the source of
his returns nor the risks involved. Reportedly so far he's
getting oodles of investors and pretty good returns. Eventually
of course his scheme will collapse, but the "investors" who
got in and out early enough will have made good money.
A similar scheme recently brought down the government of Albania.
Reportedly the investors who got in late in the game and didn't
get the returns they expected (or actually lost their investments)
demanded that the gubmint reimburse them for their losses (by
taxing the money from the more intelligent Albanians). When
the idiots want the gubmint to protect them from their own
idiocy, the gubmint happily uses this excuse to screw not only
those who would fleece the idiots, but everyone.
The obvious moral of this extra-long rant is that gubmint of any
kind is a root of all evil and Kent Crispin sounds like a pedophile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 07:30:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Eternity Content Suggestions 
I said back when theprototype Eternity server was announced that this was
a very important development; I'm glad that it's moving forward.
I'd like to nominate another candidate for the eternity server.
As some folks on this list may be aware, the Spanish government has been
trying to censor the basque nationalist web site with a limited degree of
A week or so ago the basques exploded a bomb killing one person. The
Spanish gubmint publicly demanded that CNN remove the link from its
Web site to the Basque site, calling them terrorists. The CNN declined
and this victory for free speech was touted al over the Internet.
What didn't seem to get much coverage is the fact that the basque site
was hosted by the Institute for Global Communications.  I remember ICG
from the days I was helping bring the Internet to Eastern Europe. They're
well-meaning folks, but very cowardly and not too technically sophisticted.
The Spanish government organized a mailbombing campaign against them, similar to the campaigns against the "spammers". (It sounded to me like
both mailbombs and ping storms were involved, all coming from numerous
sites in .es.) Last week ICG bent over and announced that they're
pulling the plug on the Basque site.
This act of government-sponsored net.terrorism and content censorship must
not go unpunished, but the first step is to ensure that the Basque site
is up and running. I sugggest putting it on the Eternity server, and
mirroring it on any other servers that are willing to put up with the
blackmail and denial-of-service attacks from the net.terrorists organized
by the Spanish government.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 07:34:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
In my humble opinion David is pretty bright.  Unfortunately he's misguided
about certain things.  I think the extreme aversion to censorship (like that
displayed by imp and myself) seldom arises in people who haven't themselves
been victims of censorship (plug-pulling or forged cancels, not 'censored thro
being drowned up by the dissenting opinions" "-)
The current top "spam canceller", Rich Bland ("cosmo") is an admin of a tiny
little BBS in California - probably fewer users than mine. The previous top
"spam canceller" - Rick Buchanan - was just a user, whose actions were condonded
by the admins of the several systems he used to forge cancels. (He only had
his plug pulled by one ISp I know of.)
Most of the people who scream about their "hatred of spam" on news.* are not
admins, but fairly recent users who figure that "fighting spam" is a cool thing.
Thing is hardly relevant - anyone can easily set up their own site and become
its admins.  I was just pointing out that it's factually incorrect to use
"admins" as a synonym for "anti-spammers".  Many admins are pro-free speech.
I think David is referring to the recent case of content-based cancels forged
by Chris Lewis for severa articles whose only thing in common was the mention
of Chris lewis's Net.Scum page.  This is just one of dozens of such examples.  Chris Lewis and Dave Barr obth
forge cancels for usenet articles that follow up on their articles and quote
them, claiming "copyright violations".  Interestingly, Dave Barr is one of the
moderators of news.admin.net-abuse.announce.  When that newsgroup was up for
a vote, its charter said (don't know why) that its moderators aren't supposed
to issue third party cancels.  So much for moderated newsgrou charters. :-)
Once the offending articles are part of the spool on toher site, it's pointless
for me to issue cancels. Note that both have happened: both I and my wife have
been forged numerous times on usenet, and there have been spews from this site.
I don't think that trying to remove them from spool is a proper thing to do
whether or not my site ogirinated them.  I do think it's polite to try to
let people know that these articles are forged/obsolete/posted in error and
should be ignored.  That was the original purpose of the cancel control
articles in RFC 1036 - I post a "car for sale" ad, I sell the car, I don't
want to get any more replies, I cancel it. Problem is, the cancels in RFC
1036 were unauthenticated - relied on honor, and too many people on Usenet
have no honor are aere eager to forge other people's e-mail addresses on
their cancels.
As I discussed with David in private mail, a "retraction server" that would
announce forgeries, spews, etc would be a useful thing.
Just misguided.  I recall how a couple of years ago Peter Vorobiev forged a bunch of articles
in my name all over Usenet, and I posted an announcement to that effect
on news.admin.net-abuse.misc, and got some very obnoxious e-mail from Tim
Skirvin saying it's off-topic.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 07:35:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free 
This doesn't give the various net.scum any right to forge cancels for them.
(I used to forge cancels for MMFs years ago - I was very wrong.)
But this is not the only kind of content censorship going on under the guise
of 'spam cancels".  Check out the Net.Scum Web site.  One guy decided to cancel
an entire thread discussing the requirements for setting up a MUD server
claiming it was "spam".  Another forged a cancel for a national Science
Foundation announcement in sci.fractals figuring it was off-topic, therefore
"spam".  It takes a special kind of asshole to take up "spam-cancelling"
and most of them don't stop at cancelling just the "multi-posted" articles -
they quickly diversify into foring purely content-based cancels.
MMFs are one example of a "memetic" article which encourages the readers to
reproduce it and post it elsewhere.  Does anyone remember the Craig Shergold
meme?  When I worked at GS, I came across a paper copy of it - a bunch of
p.r. and salespople were faxing it to one another and asking for business
cards to be sent to it.  The idiot sysadmins at a school I taight at put
the craig Shergold appeal in the message-od-the-day on the school computer.
This reminds me of the old farts who lost lots of money in the mini-crash in
Oct 87.  Basically, they sold insurance to other investors against the maret
suddenly going down a lot (which is a low-probability event, but can happpen and
I think will happen again any day now :-)  They were collecting their equivalent
of insurance premiums. When the market did hucckup and they had to pay what
they promised they would, they started screaming that they weren't warned
adequately that their income wasn't "risk-free" and they might actually have
to perform their part of the contract they entered!
Why should the gubmint protect people from pyramid schemes and other such scams?
("make money at home stuffing envelopes" seems to be a related scam that's
very popular and not "illegal".)  Any time a sucker tries to beat the market,a
xtto get more than the normal return without incurring extra risk, he
deserves to be fucked.  Gubmint's attempts to "protect" the sucker limit
the freedom not of the crooks who'd fleece him (they'll find a way), but
the regular people who are neither crooks not suckers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 07:35:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
Unfortunately a lot of ISPs - both local and national - have done exactly
that - oversubscribed to the point of defrauding their customers.
A friend of mine subscribed to his local ISP - the usual deal, $19.95/month
for unlimited use.  One day he gets a phone call from the ISP's owner asking
(in a rather irate manner) if he's running 'bots or "keepalive" or why he's
spending so much time tying up the modem.  The friend replied that he's doing neither of those things, but he does spend 5 or 6 hours every day browsing
the Web and reading newsgroups.  The ISP owner wasn't happy. Soon the friend
began to experience loss of carrier whenever he was connected via PPP during
the evening. He called up the ISP and asked if he's just dropping his carrier.
The ISP would neither confirm nor deny, but repeated that the friend stays
online "too much". At this point the friend told him to close the account
and moved to a different ISP.
We used to have a shell account at a local ISP who had non-stop problems with
their disks, their news server, their modem pool (ringno-answer, can't busy
out the brokenmodems....) We left them last year; I understand that now their
system has completely broken down and they're blaming it on some mythical
"spammers" rather than their incompetence.
Ah but they have a great excuse - the mythical "spammers".  We really meant to service a 300-modem pool through this T1, but the spammers stopped us from
doing that.  Reminds me how the Soviets in 1930s blamed all possible problems
(and there were lots of real problems) on "saboteurs", and how the Nazis in
the same time frame blamed all of their (real) problems on Jews.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 07:38:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
Our frustration with the Cabal supporters is understandable.
Pedophile Chris Lewis is a content censor.  There are dozens of other examples.
For example, see the Net.Scum pages for Nat Makarevitch or Michael Martinez,
both of whom arbitrarily declare some article "spam" and forge cancels dfor it.
I would not issue cancels in either case.  I would like to be able to tell
the rest of Usenet that these articles are not worth reading, and that I
have sifficient authority to say so (by having my e-mail address in the
from: field or being the local admin).  I wouldn't want to delete them from
anyone's spool, though.
A spew spreads to almost all the servers there are in minutes. Cancels for
a spew waste more bandwidth and cpu time than ignoring it.
Were you around when Ausralia was knocked off the net by the cancels for the
Cantor and Siegel "spam"?  Most of the forgers didn't follow the "$alz"
convention (giving the forged cancel the message-id "cancel.".
How about me posting under my own name, "E-mail your core file to Platypus
for some free porn"?
How about me posting under my own name or via an anonymous remailer, "Platypus
is a spammer - complain to his ISP"?
Would you be justified in forgin cancels for these?
How about if someone posted your credit card numbers to Usenet?
Would you be justified in forging cancel for that?
I don't have an issue with anyone's .sig, especially Dr. Fomin's, but
Net.Scum like Chris Lewis might use this as an excuse to declare your
writings "spam".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-05 23:40:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim 1 - Joichi 0 - DreamMonger NULL / Re: Joichi gives up 
Joi, you sound like one of those Usenet pedophiles.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-06 07:13:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: distributed data store, a la eternity 
A couple of minor nits in an otherwise excellent article:
As far as I can determine, dec's altavista does process cancels - not a good
way to use Usenet these days. :-(  However Dejanews doesn't process cancels.
{Ex-Anti-}Scientologists are scum too. If they weren't nuts, they wouldn't
have joined the cult in the first place.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-06 15:05:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: JYA Up 
Sounds like bullshit.
I urge you to find a more honorable upstream provider.
Preferrably someone who gets connectivity off of AGIS, who doesn't
censor content.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-06 22:30:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Eternity Uncensorable? 
Yep. (I hope my making available an easy-to-use program for foring cancels
helped a little too, he he he.)
Major ISPs (America Online, Netcom, Earthlink..) all ignore cancels.
More precise numbers would be interesting.
I can't think of a clever way to use public keys (and don't think this
is a good idea anyway)
Adam, you're doing a great job. Can I buy you a dinner when I'm in London?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-06 22:36:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: JYA Up 
(I'm trying to reply to my incoming mail in the order it was received,
still doing last weekend's mail, but I'll make an exception.)
David, it's remarks like these that cause people to conclude that you're
not very bright.  I'm not a customer of AGIS or any of its downstreams,
and I get excellent connectivity to their sites.  I remind the readers
that certain groups on Usenet hate AGIS because of their refusal to
censor content. E.g. read the Net.Scum page for Debbie Taylor to read
how the homos tried to censor the Web site called "
and how AGIS refuses to bend over.  For this reason, homos (is David one?)
spread lies ike the above about AGIS, using meaningless technical jargon
and implying that that it doesn't work properly, But the fact is that the
recent study by the Boardwatch magazine ranked AGIS's network third best
among major backbones. (It would be first best of they ranked their
commitment to freedom of speech.)
More power to Phil Lawlor and death to all censors!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-07 08:32:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Eternity Uncensorable? 
A clarification is in order:
The "resurrector" in news.admin.net-abuse.* is run by none other than
the child-molesting pedophile Chris Lewis.  It does NOT repost
cancelled articles when the author is someone Lewis doesn't like
- such as myself.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-07 09:23:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Forced Censorship vs. Fucking Your Brains Out 
Yes - child molesting pedophiles like Chris Lewis deserve to be gassed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-07 10:07:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
Net.Scum like Chris Lewis, Jan Isley, Tim Brown, Bob Curtis, etc are treated
as rogues by me and my friends and told to stop by me and my friends - and
if they don't stop, we usually get their plugs pulled.  Tim Skirvin defended
net-abuse by Jan Isley, just as he defends the "UDP" against UUNet.
Examples of lies in Tim Skirvin's Magnum Opus, the "Cancel FAQ" (what else):
]What is a Cancelbot?
]	A Cancelbot is a program that searches for messages matching a
]certain pattern and sends out cancels for them all.
]Sounds cool.  Where do I get one?
]	If you have to ask, you don't get one.
]What?  Why not?
My cancelbot has been freely available for over 18 months.  I've pointed
this out repeatedly to Tim Skirvin who continues to provide an answer to
a truly frequently asked question that reflects Skirvin's view of what
the reality should be, rather than the reality.
]What is Dave the Resurrector?
]	After a particularly obnoxious run of cancels from ixc.net,
]Chris Lewis decided that it was time to write a program to repost stuff
]that was cancelled on news.admin.net-abuse.misc.  The Resurrector, named
]Dave, was the result.
]	The effect of this is that cancels to news.admin.net-abuse.misc
]are not effective unless Chris says so.
It has been pointed out many times that Chris Lewis does NOT repost cancelled
articles when he doesn't like the authors, such as myself.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-07 11:18:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Qualcomm employee attacks the remailers 
such as:
]I take this all to mean that you are Master Cocksucker Dimwit Vulis?
Lie from Pomes: I never in my life sent anything to this motherfucker.
]Subject: Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download
]From: ppomes at Qualcomm.com (Paul Pomes)
]Organization: Qualcomm, Inc.
]To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Cc: freedom-knights at jetcafe.org
]Date: Wed, 30 Jul 1997 09:13:52 -0700
]Message-Id: <9502.870279232 at zelkova.qualcomm.com>
]Sender: ppomes at Qualcomm.com
]|I ask everyone on these two forums to inform Northern Telecom Forgers /
]|Bell North Forgery Research / Entrust that we will boycott their
]|"security" products as long they continue to employ the child-molesting
]|pedophile Chris R. Lewis - the biggest forger on Usenet.
]Sorry, I'm afraid that honor belongs to you, Dimi.  What I will do is
]killfile you as also the biggest un-cultured twit on Usenet.  High honors
]of a sort.
Clearly Pomes lied about having killfiled me.
Pomes harrasses anonymous remailer operators: he has been complaining to
Jeff Berches's employer and upstream, contributing to his decision
to shut down the cajones remailer:
]To: abuse at hotwired.com, abuse at bbnplanet.net, remailer-admin at cajones.com
]        jeff at hotbox.com, ops at bbnplanet.com, toxic at content.org,
]        dgaudet-djg20 at arctic.org
]From: ppomes at Qualcomm.com (Paul Pomes)
Tim Skirvin condones and supports net-abuse by Net.Scum like Pomes,
Hannigan, and Varshavchik.
Please tell Qualcomm what you think about their employee attacking
the anonymous remailers.

@_date: 1997-08-07 11:20:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
Can you hurt a person by sticking needles in a doll representing this person?
Possibly, if the person really believes this.
Why do people try to flood newsgroups with shit? (We can agree that some
do try to, whether they succed or not). Most of the time it happens because
some asshole is trying to take ownership of an unmoderated newsgroup and
disses people whom he's trying to silence.  Some of the assholes resort
to forging cancels; most limit their censorship to postmaster complaints,
false accusation of "spamming", and occasional mailbombs.
Examples from the Net.Scum rogue collection: Scott Kellog from Sematech
falsely accuses various people of "spamming" his newsgroup, but hasn't
been caught forging cancels yet.  On the other hand Bob Curtis has taken
over alt.smokers.cigars and forges cancels for articles that merely
question his "ownership" of the newsgroup. Do read - it's very enlightening.
The biologist Garrett Hardin published an essay, _The Tragedy of the Commons_
in _Science_, Dec 13, 1968.  Many misguided people have NOT read the eassay,
but like to cite it.  They argue that according to Hardin, Usenet would be
used more "efficiently" if every newsgroup had an "owner" - a self-appointed
"mediator" (their favorite title - don't know what asshole first came up
with it). They try to assert property rights where they can't be enforced
and succed only in pissing off a lot of people whom they tried to censor.
If you were told that a formerly common meadow is now owned by a self-
appointed asshole who disses you, would you litter on the meadow, shit
and piss on it, and possibly dump toxic radioactive waste on it?  When
the self-appointed "owner" pisses off a lot of people, some of them
will - especially since they can get away with it.
This reminds me of the encosure movement in medieval England that sought
to make the use of common lands more "efficient" by privatizing them -
causing numerous peasants extreme misery.  Read your history.
The good news is that newsgroup floods don't really hurt anyone except
the egos of the assholes who claim to "own' the affected newsgroups.
I like the idea of encouraging news readers to send e-cash (possibly via
anon remailers) to the posters whose writings they like and would like to
see more of.  This is a generalization of the discussion we had on the
cypherpunks list a few months ago, how companies could send e-cash to
Usenet posters who say good things about their products.
Porn4porn posts A LOT of crap in alt.sex.* and admits that it's crap.
It then asks the readers: instead of wading through our crap for free,
why not pay us to get the prn you're looking for?  And my response is:
why not just killfile the idiots, or why not choose to not select
their crap for reading - it's easily identifiable.
Do you remember all the talk about "intelligent internet agents" who were
supposed to look for stuff we're interested in - like the one that would
learn the user's tastes for music, and suggest more music that he'd
probably like; the one that learned the user's scheduling preferences to
manage his appointment calendar; well, here's an excellent idea for an
AI project for a master's thesis - write an agent that learns what the
user likes to read and finds it on Usenet (irrespective of where it's
posted) and doesn't bother showing the user what he doesn't want to read.
Yep. Works great with kids and animals.
There's some interesting discussion going on there in addition to my xposts.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-07 19:22:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free 
Use a retraction server (David's project)
Ditto, and consider setting up a service to automatically issue NoCeMs
for forgeries.
Make the retraction server easier to use.
kent Crispin sounds like a pedophile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:36:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
Blessed are those who believe.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:37:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Qualcomm employee attacks the remailers 
Qualcomm employee Paul Pomes, who harrasses anonymous remailer operators
and complains to their employers and upstreams, deserves no mercy.
Pathological liar Paul Pomes deserves no sympathy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:59:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
The answer is YES, although it requires a little work.
Suppose that you point your browser at Suppose that file contains an .
The CGI file displays a little picture, and also gets or sets a cookie.
Suppose you next browse  and it too
contains the same .  Since the cookie is "owned" by B.com,
not A.com or C.com, the cgi file can track your movement from A.Com to
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:18:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
Evidently these haven't made you into a staunch opponent of censorship.
Perhaps if they did succeed in pulling your plug, you'd feel differently.
I haven't been tracking the forgers lately.  For those who don't know
John E. Milburn: he's an expatriate U.S. engineer who used to work in
South Korea and forge cancels from there in a variety of newsgroups
(like alt.religion.monica). I caught him forging a cancel for one of
my articles (for "homophobia" and "excessive cross-posting"). Milburn
lost his job in Korea last year (possibly because of the complaints
about his net-abuse) and announced his "retirement" from forging cancels.
I'm sorry to see this bastard back.
Tim Skirvin presents these "newbies" with a false view of Usenet as a
unified front of news admins who have all reached consensus that free
speech is evil and are now fighting the evil spammers.
Check out Chris Lewis's Net.Scum page at Find "Edward Gerk" - one of the people who quoted Chris Lewis and whose
articles Chris Lewis canceled for "copyright violations".
Next check out Barr's Net.Scum page at Find "Alain Larouche" - same thing.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:18:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
"Chris Lewis" is a common name.  "Pedophile Chris Lewis" serves to identify
the content censor who works for Bell North Forgery Research / Northen
Telecom Forgers and uses their facilities to forge Usenet cancels for
articles whose contents he doesn't like.
David, you're bordering on asciribing to me things I haven't said -
is you reading as bad as your writing?
I said, there were dozens of examples of cancel-forgers who claim to be
cancelling "spam" (i.e. multi-posts), but are in fact cancelling singly posted
articles whose contents they simply didn't like. Pedophile Chris Lewis is one
of many such content censors. Let's count the ones we find at
 1) Guy Macone 2) Sally Monde, 3) Tim Brown, 4) Bob
Curtis, 5) Sean Eric Fagan, 6) Nat Makarevitch, 7) Michael Horansky, 8) David
Howard, 9) Alex Bulan, 10) "Eric Dynamic", 11) John Milburn, 12) Gabriel
Krabbe, 13) Odd Einar Aurbakken, 14) Alan Reichert, 15) Andreas Kirchwitz, 16)
Dax Hutcheon, 17) James Gardner, 18) Otmar Lendl, 19) Henning Weede, 20) Ian
Goldberg, 21) Gregory Woodbury, 22) Bruce Lane, 23) Otto Makela, 24) Steve
Manes, 25) Rich Sauers, 26) Ralph Valentino, 27) Luis Echeverria, 28) Michael
S. Scheidell, 29) Matthias Scheler, 30) Wolfgang Schelongowski, 31) Dick
Depew, 32) Ed Hew, 33) George Nemeyer, 34) Edward Igoe, 35) Tom Phoenix, 36)
Michael Shields - that's 3 dozen, an there's probably twice as many more
listed on the Net.Scum pages. Check out Sally Monde: the lady claims to be a
heroin junky currently using methadone, she described how her Legal Aid lawyer
got a psychiatrist to convince the court that she's insane, so she's out of
jail and collecting SSI on mental disability - and she's forging cancels for
aricles she considers to be "racist crap". Do you want Sally to decide for you
what you're allowed to read vs. what's the forbodden "racist crap"?
My telling the readers of the affected newsgroups that an article posted
under my name isn't worth reading (e.g. because the car advertized as
being for sale has already been sold) is not a reason for news admins
(generally, a different group of people) to remove such an article from
their spool and to deprive their users of the ability to read that article
(e.g., to compare the asking prices for cars).  I'm not talking to
admins.  If they abuse my message by using it as a basis to remove
such articles from spool, then I'll be reluctant to issue it.
This was the case many years ago.  These days, a spam propagates pretty
much everywhere because the cancels catch up with it.  The claim that
cancels save bandwidth is an outright lie.
David Richards is the sysop of the Ripco BBS in Chicago. He's been forging
cancels for dozens of articles he considers to be "off-topic" - see his
Net.Scum page at   He's been doing
this for months and no one's been able to stop him.
Scott Sadow's been forging cancels for months - he hasn't been stopped and
hasn't lost his account (see his Net.Scum page).
I would argue that all cancels should be ignored irrespective of message-id.
To hell with cancels, but you should be able to issue a retraction nocem.
I hope so.  A couple of weeks ago some scumbag posted via a remailer an
annoucement that "vulis at bwalk.dm.com" is responsible for some sort of
net-abuse. This address doesn't exist; nevertheless I received several
postmaster complaints about this address, giving detailed description of
the alleged abuse (junk mail, thousands of usenet articles, etc). One of
the complainers wrote from a work account - I tried to get him fired and
apparently succeeded :-) :-) :-)
That's right, except in the U.S. various laws protect the consumer.
(The card issuer gets to eat the losses, and passes the cost to the
consumer whether or not he has a card :-)
Many Cabal supporters cite credit card numbers as the canonical example
of the kind of traffic that must be cancelled on sight. They're idiots.
Once a credit card # has been posted to Usenet, the card must be cancelled
at once to make it unusable. Cancelling the article won't make the number
"safe" again.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:01:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: REPOST : Un-forgeable Cancels 
Well, you missed credited guys named Franz and Huusinen with proposing this
exact scheme a couple of years ago. You also missed my discussion on how to
allow the local admin to issue cancels as well.
I used to think this scheme is very cool.  Later I realized it had a serious
problem with forgeries in one's name.
Suppose X forges an article in Y's name, and specifies a cancel lock; then
Y can't cancel this forgery.
The retraction server which David is reported to be working on doesn't
rely on passwords on authenticate Y; if Y can demonstrate the ability
to receive a cookie sent to Y, then the server can issue a signed 'hide'
NoCeM for an article that purports to be from Y.  Works for forgeries too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:09:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Death of the North American Crypto archive? 
If it's under 650MB, I can fit it all on 1 CD...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:37:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free 
We hate Chris Lewis because he forges cancels (and not only for "spam"),
but just because he's an icky child-molesting pedophile.
Death to censors!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:38:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Platypus and the kangaroos 
I haven't looked at the site (I conclude from the name that it's probably not
something I care to see), but I will fight for its free speech. Apparently
a number of people listed at the Net.Scum site do want to shut down this
site because they don't like its name and/or contents.
Agis's troubes with the (largely homosexual) Net.Cabal started before they
signed up Stanford Wallace.
David, with all due respect, I got more interesting things to research
than your sexuality! :-)
[2] Have any of the "others" been kangaroos?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-09 01:33:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
This won't save cookies to disk, but won't they be around for the duration
of one session?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-09 09:31:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: REPOST : Un-forgeable Cancels 
Given that Qualcomm employs Paul Pomes, who harrasses anonymous remailer
operators by complaining to their upstreams and employers, I advise you
to be wary of anything coming out of Qualcomm - like their Eudora mail reader.
A program that would search the news for articles that purport to be from
people who requested this service (and may be paying for it), verifying
their digital signatures, and issuing "hide" NoCeMs for the ones that fail
this check (possible forgeries) would be a good thing indeed and would
encurage the use of digital signatures.
As I pointed out before on the Cypherpunks list, signing only the body of
the article leaves one open to replay attacks: a forger can repost the
same signed article with new message-id and possible in new newsgroups.
Therefore at least both of these header fields need to be signed.
Perhaps the folks who participate in Brad Templeton's "son-of-rfc1036"
mailing list would like to propose a generaliaztion of the new headers
used by pgpmoose to sign the headers of an article together with it body.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-09 11:30:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
Does  mean that if your "main" page is from d1.com and it calls something
from d2.com that tries to set a cookie for d2.com, it's not allowed?
What if it's in a frame?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 00:58:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
As challenged, I've listed 3 dozen "spam cancellers" caught slipping cancels
forged for "non-spam" among their "spam cancels". There are at least twice
as many more listed in the Net.Scum database. For some reason you chose to
snip all of them and to pick on Tim Brown, perhaps because he's a self-
described schizophrenic.
What difference does it make whether Tim Skirvin considers someone an
"accepted" or "rogue" canceller?  Tim Brown forged hundreds of cancels
between october 96 and July 97. Most of these cancels were for "spam"
(stuff posted lots of times; usually ads).  A substantial minority of
Tim's cancels were for singly-posted articles whose contents he didn't
like, posted by his flame war opponents. Many examples can be found at
his Net.Scum page:  .  Tim Brown
apparently stopped forging cancels soon after I stepped lightly on his
dick. I don't know whether there was a connection.
Tim Brown's cancels lacked the "Sender:" header. For this reason they were
not processed at sites running INN with the paranoid settings, but were
accepted at a lot of sites still. The whining by the Cabal that Tim Brown
is not an "accepted" cancel-forger, as opposed to "accepted" cancel-forgers
like Pedophile Chris Lewis and John E. Milburn is irrelevant, and your
Cabal itself is irrelevant, isolated, impotent, and ignored.
Guy Macon is another fine example of a "spam canceller": Steve Boursy and
Dr. Fomin caught him forging cancels for artciles on soc.religion.quaker
that were not "spam" by any definition, but which Guy considered to be
"off-topic", like the thread about leprosy.  Macon recently posted an
announcement on soc.religion.quaker calling himself "the official spam
canceller" of s.c.r and claiming to have forged two more cancels.
The way to stop these forgers is to ignore their cancels. Your distinction
of who's "accepted" and who's not "accepted" by you is irrelevant to their
ability to censor others.  You haven't succeeded in stopiing Guy Macon,
Ehud Gavron, David Richards, and a host of others for months, demonstrating
the utter irrelevance of your "accepted cancel-forger" label.
[How to get a cancelbot]
"How do I get a cancelbot" is indeed a frequently asked question, and whenever
I see it posted, I e-mail the poster a copy of cbcb's source code.
Tim Skirvin is under no obligation to disseminate the information that he
feels shouldn't be publicly available ("security through obscurity").
However since he chooses to present himself as the author of the "official"
FAQ on usenet Cancels (actually, substantually plagiarized from the Cancel
FAQ that David Stodolsky used to post), a more honest way to deal with the
questions he doesn't want to answer would be to either omit the question
altogether, or to state that he doesn't want to answer the question.
I e-mailed Skirvin repeatedly pointing out that his answer is factually
incorrect, yet he presists in presenting his view of what things should
be rather than what they are.
I was asked to provide examples of lies of Tim Skirvin's FAQs. This was
just one of several such examples.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 01:02:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
The good news is that they can't harm a newsgroup by flooding it.
One can identify some of the reasons and try to eliminate them
to reduce floods. The self-appointed "owners" of unmoderated
newsgroups are one such reasn.
Is exposing someone as a liar and a crook censorship?
People who complain to postmasters about the alleged contents of other
people's Usenet articles, especially those who falsely accuse others of
"spamming", complain about "abuse" they haven't witnessed but saw others
allege, etc, are net-abusers and deserve to be exterminated by any means
at our disposal.
Have I "censored" Bob Curtis?
By the way, Bob is alive and well, moderating his own little "moderated"
newsgroup, and recently published a piece about his experience with
forging cancels in a paper magazine - full of lies. The last forged
cancel I found is about a month old - for a kibo at thecia.net article.
I don't believe you haven't seen this said. Perhaps you don't read
news.* or don't understand what's being said there.
Years ago I used to occasionally mail posters saying friendly and polite
things like: "I saw your article posted in , and it occurred to me
that you might have gotten more interesting responses if you had posted it to
 (in addition or instead)". Now people have no manners. Recently
someone I know (call him Y) forwarded me an e-mail from Y. I know both X and
Y on the net; they didn't know one another. X posted a technical question on
a comp.* newsgroup that's been "split" and rmgrouped a few months ago. X's
news master hasn't processed the rmgroup, and X had no idea that the
newsgroup's been split. Y (whom I used to respect somewhat before this
incident) flamed X rather rudely)for having posted in a "bogus" newsgroup.
(Interestingly, the article, not cross-posted, propagated to Y's server,
showing how little effect David C Lawrence's rmgroups have these days.)
Cabal supporters are promoting the view that posting in newsgroups they
describe as "bogus" (i.e., the ones that David C Lawrence has rmgrouped,
or the alt.* ones that they don't want sites to create) is a form of
attack on the Cabal, resulting (at least) in obnoxious flames.
Your encouragement is irrelevant, since they don't give a fuck what you or
anyone else tells them. The technical solution is to render them even more
impotent than they are now - e.g., educate admins about the complaining
Net.Scum, and ignore their forged cancels.
Not if the news servers are adequately equipped for such inevitable and
frequent eventualities, and the regular readers are armed with adequate news
reading software. If you live in a mosquito-infested area and refuse to
install nets on your windows, who's to blame?
Perhaps it's another idea for the son-of-rfc1036 - a header specifying the
e-mail address for donation of e-cash (which could be the original poster
or some 3rd party charity)
A newsreader when it sees this header could ask the reader if he wants
to send e-cash and thow much.
This is a neat idea which I encourage people to adapt.
The spammers are becoming more sophisticated in response to forged cancels.
Doesn't mean someone else can't work on it too. It's a good project for
an M.A.thesis - perhaps even a PhD thesis if they can do A LOT of work
on the subject.
Dave, if you see a subscription request from David Formosa for the f-k
list, could you please process it?  Thanks
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 02:25:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free 
As I've discussed in private e-mail with a large number of ppl, this
would be an excellent idea, and would encurage the use of digital sigs.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 02:26:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Thread? / Re: Apology from me to the list and TruthMonger 
That guy now works for Bell North Research / Northern Telecom / Entrust
and forges thousands of cancels for Usenet articles he didn't post.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 02:26:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Platypus and the kangaroos 
I read a very interesting article (lost the reference) about the various
kinds of genital mutilation practiced by your aborigines.  Removing the
foreskin as some barbaric semitic tribes taught the equally barbaric
Americans to do is nothing.  Some tribes cut a hole at the base of the penis
so urine and/or semen get evacuated through this hole. This serves as
a nice birth control device: the only way an abo can get his girlfriend
pregnant is to intentionally pick up his ejaculate (the artificial hole
is outside the vagina) and stick it in with his fingers.
Yet other tribes slice up their penises lengthwise, so there are two
halves pointing right and left. (To stick them into an orifice of
any sort, someone must hold them together.) Supposedly this has something
to do with the kangaroo being their totem animal!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 02:50:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
None of them are considered "accepted cancellers" by me.
If your news server processes cancels, then it processes the cancels forged by
this scum whether or not you consider them "accepted cancellers".
You seem to imply that there's a choice whose forged cancels to process, which
is not true in general (unless one aliases out the site used to forge
You also lied when you claimed that Jan Isley only forges cancels for articles
cross-posted in "his" local alt.* hierarchy, Ehud Gavron only forges cancels
for cross-posts in "his" az.*, etc - not that this would have been an excuse,
but all of these scumbags have been caught forging cancels for articles posted
only in unmoderated "big 6" newsgroups once, as documented on their respective
Net.Scum pages.
Fact 1: Tim Skirvin, his friends, and and their "rules" are irrelevant,
impotent, isolated, and ignored.
Fact 2: Tim Brown, Jan Isley, Chris Lewes, Bob Curtis, Ehud Gavron, and the
rest of the self-appointed "spam cancellers" break the rule that says you
should forge cancels for articles you didn't post. As for _your_ rules, see
Fact 1 above.
Anyone can compare David Stodolsky's "Cancel FAQ" with Tim Skirvin's "Cancel
FAQ" and verify that substantial portions (most of the technical discussion on
how cancels work; the discussion of why people issue cancels; et al) have been
copied without attribution. (Tim Skirvin also flames Stodolsky in his FAQ.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-10 16:44:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: uncensorable net based payment system? 
I used to models of various commodities and the common wisdom is:
the cost of carrying precious metals (gold, silver, platinum, palladium)
is so negligible that they can be treated as foreigh currencies with
interest rates. That's how most people treat them in practice.
(There are more exotic metals with little carrying costs, like
Commodities like oil, gas, lumber, as well as baser metals (aluminium, copper)
have a cost of carry that must be figured in your model.
I suggest that if you want to model internet bandwidth as a commodity, you
must assume that it depreciates as it becomes less scare.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-12 08:29:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Guy Polis 
There's a crackpot by the name of Guy Polis (guy at panix.com, polis_guy@
jpmorgan.com) who posts a crackpot "cryptographic manifesto" and sounds
like a bad troll intended to make the folks who promote the use of crypto
look like, well, crackpots. Be warned.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-12 20:25:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Guy Polis 
Toto's drunked rants and the most valuable traffic on this mailing list
these days - I read them and usually save them.  Tim May's censorship
rants make him sonnd like kent Krispin.
How do we know that Tim May didn't post the alleged forgery himself
and didn't munge the headers to point to Toto?
Here's a nice new .signature for you, Tim, courtecy of Dr. Fomin:
]      .                ,
]       `.    ____    ,'::.
]         `-d8%XX88b-':... .
]   .  .  :88%,+,iX.8.:.. .      Dr. Vladimir Il'ich Fomin
]  . .   d.%%/:: \iX8..... .
]. . .   :%%{::Q .}iX.8 . .      rec.food.borscht
] . .   d.%%}:/.\ {iX8.b .
] .  .  .%.{;'.;:`:}iX.8.. .     rec.food.drink.vodka
]: .  . o%%/. /l\::\iX8::.. .
] ....  .%{. //l\\::}iX}.:..
]: ..   {%{.{{ *:}}:}iB:::.:.   "Did you beat up a faggot today?"
].:.. . :.%\.\\l//:/i:}::.:.
]:.::. .  j%`.`-';'i.P:::.:.
]::.:.:. .:x.%`+'iX:P:::.:..  Please e-mail all your MLM offers
]::::.:.... 8%%A:8.}:::.:..   and business opportunities to:
]::::.::.:..j:(*).P::::.::..  news-admin-net-abuse-policy at uunet.uu.net
] ::::.:.:...x.V8P::::.:...
] :::::.::.:..`l'::::.:....
]   ::::::::.,' `:::::...
]  `---____-'     `-____---'
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-13 07:12:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: HIP hip hooray 
Do drop by whenever you're in NYC. :-)
Isn't it bad luck to mention Lucky Green by name?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-13 11:19:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuck the usenet cabal 
I came up with yet another brilliant idea.
Stanford Wallace's Cyberpromo site has been hacked by some criminals, but
it's coming back.  In particular, he's giving away free autoresponders again.
(An autoresponder is an address at cyberpromo.com to which you can send an
e-mail and get back a pre-recorded response, if your site accepts e-mail
from cyberpromo.  Supposedly anyone can set one of them up for free
and provide their own automatic response. Stanford is running a promotion.)
Now, suppose some non-US person sets up an auto-responder that sends out
strong crypto software, and another non-US person requests it and gets it.
Is anyone going to be guilty of ITAR violations?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-13 12:33:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: He he he 
Rabid Wombat  doesn't write:
I was about to tell the poor R.W. that he was indeed being an asshole, when
I took another good look at the headers.  He he he.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-13 22:05:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: HIP hip hooray 
His Real True Name is Lucky Orange.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-13 22:08:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuck the usenet cabal 
Another related thought: some folks send out lots of unwanted e-mail
offering to broadcast an ad to a million addresses for $40 or some such.
What if a non-US person paid them $40 to spam people outside the U.S.
with strong crypto?
Is it possible to stuff a blatant ITAR violation into about 100 lines of ascii?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-14 04:27:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: journalism, travel and manufacturing 
A T-shirt saying, "I got barratrous threats from C2Net's shysters after a
C2Net employee squelched my attempt to discuss the security flows in their
product"?  I'd like one too, thank you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-14 08:10:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Leotards and the Law," morphed child porn lawsuit, from Netly 
Pedophile Chris Lewis is in trouble.
"Achtung Spammers" is more like it.  Net.Scum ISPs oversubscribe, can't
deliver the services they charged the users for, and blame the mythical
The solution is to castrate pedophiles like Chris Lewis.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-14 12:51:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuck the usenet cabal 
I mean a useable package.
Yes, but how practical is it?
Stanford Wallace gives out free autoresponders.
Unsilenced use of crypto.
However the point is to get Cyberpromo to export crypto in violation of
ITAR without annoying people with spam.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-14 21:43:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hypothetical situation for networks 
They should not be using the Internet not (only) because of security
considerations, but because of performance/reliability/availability
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-15 07:26:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
If you don't like remailers, FUCK YOU.
Ditto for Paul Pomes and Gary Burnore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-15 07:30:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Toilet plungers and sodomy: Why we should trust police blindly 
Can you blame them?  They have a quote for writing parking tickets and will
get in trouble for not writing enough; while they don't have a quota e.g. for
writing tickets to the folks who run red lights, and can get shot at if they
try to.
As for the regrettable incident with the plunger: while it sounds bad out of
context, it can be viewed as just desserts for the indignities the while people
in New York City have undergone under the Dinkins administration.  If the
alleged victim (who already gave 3 highly contradictory stories of the events)
thinks that this city is so racist, why didn't he stay in his native Haiti?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-15 07:35:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: lynch child pornographers not bits! (was Re: Child Porn and Etern 
Conspiracy theory: given how people who have anything to do with (some) drugs
get locke dup for life, do the law enforcement agencies purposefully let
the child molesters run wild to scare the public into supporting more
curtailment of civil liberties?
I understand that in Canada the age of concent is 14, which is pretty
reasonable.  It turns out that Tracy Lords was 17 at the time she was
filmed sucking cock.  A girl who hasn't had a cock in her mouth by the
time she's 17 is probably a lesbian.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-16 06:57:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Getting back at spamford (fwd) 
Cummings is a dangerous nut.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-16 22:07:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: 'Friendly Fire' in Spam War Claims Victim 
Sky Dayton and a bunch of other top managemnt are Co$ members.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-17 06:25:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Picketing With Packets 
In all fairness, in addition to Stanford Wallace, there are several
other spammers sending out junk e-mail. If you completely eliminate
Stanford and his company, you will STILL get junk e-mail.
Perhaps this will spark another round of a cypherpunk discussion of
technical solutions to junk e-mail...
I placed myself on a zillion "remove" lists.  Now I no longer get any
junk e-mail of interest (which I did on rare occasions), but still
get at least once a day an MMF and/or an ad for a sex site.
I'll tell you what I did, if anyone cares to spend a little time
emulating what I did.
Visit these two sites and jump through the loops:
(You may also want to check out these Web sites:
Send an e-mail with a "remove" in the subject to the following collection
of addresses. I keep track of when I send in a semi-automatic ";remove"
request. Quite a few of them keep on sending junk e-mail despite the
remove requests. Some may add you to their junk mail list when they
get your remove request if you're not on it already.
1health at zeecom.com
1stfam at regulus.net
access at 1stfamily.com
access at 1stfamily.com
addresses at answerme.com
admin at t-3net.com
alpha1 at delapaz.com
askme at homepowerbiz.com
babbling2 at answerme.com
babbling at answerme.com
ballman at t-1net.com
bannonj at mail.albany.net
bannonj at ofns.com
billm at ascella.net
bizman at savetrees.com
bizop at zignzag.com
bld892 at hotmail.com
bowdie at regulus.net
campaign at arialsoftware.com
canceranswer at eom.net
carproinc at savetrees.com
cleanair at spica.net
clubmail at com3xbz.riser.net
clubmail at net5xai.riser.net
credit2u at savetrees.com
ctn at cartridgetechnology.com
cyber at cura.net
cyber at netlane.com
dayton at onramp.net
desp at answerme.com
details1 at savetrees.com
dlsnet at savetrees.com
editors at commonwealthpub.com
enjoylife7 at savetrees.com
ernie at mlmail.com
feedback at amazon.com
feedback at fawcette.com
fundsrecovery at savetrees.com
future at successmail.com
genesis at savetrees.com
globalnet8 at savetrees.com
grow at savetrees.com
heavensgate777 at hotmail.com
help at microsmarts.com
help at savetrees.com
hitinfo at rapidconnect.com
hj11 at tellthem.com
htmp at rapidconnect.com
iconsult at cyberpromo.com
ims at cyberpromo.com
imsco at cyberpromo.com
incomeonline at nevwest.com
info at spec-fx.com
info at tsf-industries.com
jimjohn12 at workload.com
josplace at lostvegas.com
jrosato at ascella.net
lninfo at savetrees.com
lvc at lvcpub.com
macs at answerme.com
macsvc at ix.netcom.com
mail at global-stock-exchange.com
mail at mailermachine.com
mailbox at alaska-marketplace.com
mailer at mail.nettwerks.com
mailme at ieighty.net
mas-remove at nelsonpubl.com
maximum at savetrees.com
mdbiz at nevwest.com
megamoneymakers at mail-response.com
microcap at lostvegas.com
mm_mail at mailermachine.com
mnoffice at t-3net.com
mxzr2 at savetrees.com
nancy at ginette.com
netmoney at lostvegas.com
netpower at answerme.com
nhbb at t-1net.com
no-news at amazon.com
offshorecard at answerme.com
outofhere at answerme.com
owl at owlsnest.com
pandrews at sc1.kintyre.com
pctraining at savetrees.com
pctraining at t-1net.com
phoenix at workload.com
picks at webersmall.com
pls at savetrees.com
pluto at nevwest.com
pnpservices at t-1net.com
postmaster at ascella.net
postmaster at nim.com
powertools at cybertools.net
putpeel at putpeel.com
reindex at aol.com
remmee at answerme.com
remove11 at answerme.com
remove1 at answerme.com
remove2 at answerme.com
remove3 at answerme.com
remove3 at juno.com
remove4 at answerme.com
remove5 at answerme.com
remove6 at answerme.com
remove7 at answerme.com
remove8 at answerme.com
remove at best-prices.com
remove at cyberbundle.net
remove at cyberpromo.com
remove at eb.com
remove at econopromo.com
remove at endlesssuccess.com
remove at first-star.com
remove at gw.mailmaster.com
remove at hydrix.com
remove at i-machine.com
remove at iemmc.org
remove at looplink.com
remove at mailout.com
remove at mkt-america.com
remove at mkt-usa.com
remove at mortgagemgr.com
remove at mortgagemgr.com
remove at net-wwworth.com
remove at newsyoucanuse.com
remove at ngmgold.com
remove at nim.com
remove at qlink2info.com
remove at quantcom.com
remove at regulus.net
remove at remove-me.com
remove at worldwidepromo.com
removeit at mkt-america.com
removemenow at answerme.com
removemenow at cyberpromo.com
reply15 at answerme.com
root at mail.internorth.com
roys at wt.net
sales at e-distributors.com
sales at scarlett.org
sandy at inneraction.com
secsys at 1stfamily.com
serenityinfo at savetrees.com
service at ibase.net
simrem at answerme.com
skifast1 at earthlink.net
slender at juice4u.net
smartbiz at nevwest.com
solgroup at vii.com
sonnyv at webspawner.com
specialofffer at glenfinnan.com
stealth at glenfinnan.com
stephanie at pacific-publishing.com
t3 at t3-com.com
takemeoff at answerme.com
teambuilder at mail-response.com
techkids at prolinx.net
theadd at answerme.com
tjordan at savetrees.com
tnt-remove at eom.net
tnt-remove at eom.net
toner-girl at ctynet.com
tony at answerme.com
user2361 at servmail.com
virtualone at mynumber.com
vision1 at regulus.net
vision2 at regulus.net
vision3 at regulus.net
vision4 at regulus.net
vision5 at regulus.net
vision6 at regulus.net
vision7 at regulus.net
vision8 at regulus.net
vmailone at mail89.com
wcorp at netfiber.com
webmaster at mailloop.com
websales at akyp.com
welcome at webersmall.com
wss at wallstreetsports.com
zvi at creditnet.com
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-17 15:49:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Picketing With Packets 
Perhaps because others like him would be scared... Most of the shit
I get is from other spammers.
How about this: have a program
keep a list of the message-ids of all the articles you send to
Usenet or via e-mail for a week. if someone sends you an
e-mail with "In-Reply-to" message-id on the list, consider
reading it. Otherwise if it's from a stranger, e-mail back
explaining your filtering policy, and remember the message-id,
so this time they can respond.
Here's a little crypto project:
When you go to the iemmc.org site and enter your userid in a form,
it e-mails back to you a number.  You're supposed to retrive
your e-mail, then go to another iemmc.org site and again type
in your address and the number, and then you'll be removed from
their junk mail list... yeah, right.
Another dirty trick on iemmc.org's part is that if you're junking
all e-mail from them, you can't get their number and can't complete
their removal process (not that it helps much).
Observation 1: it's much easier to get ON their junk mail list
then to get OFF of it.
Observation 2: if you enter the same userid several times, you
get several different numbers in the mail; all of them work
(not just the latest)
Observation 3: a number that works with one address won't work
with another address.
It looks like the magic number has some random part and a checksum
of the e-mail address you're trying to remove.
It would embarrass them if we had a way of generating the numbers
than their cgi script accepts. (Alternatively, maybe someone can
pull out the source to their cg script...) Then people would be
able to get themselves on the "remove" list much easier.
Or they'll develop new techniques to combat such DOS attacks
that'll benefit us all. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-18 14:43:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Picketing With Packets 
He's the loudest one. However in the week his system has been down,
the amount of shit from Quantcom, newvest, etc hasn't subsided.
The answer is a technical solution that doesn't let the spammers drown
out a discussion, if that's what you mean by censorship.
I mean, I used to get more unsolicited junk mail, which I deleted, but
occasionally I saw something of moderate interest - say, someone
selling blank CDR media reasonably cheap (not that I'd buy them from
someone advertizing this way).  Now all I get is pure crap. :-)
For reasons unknown, I seem to be on someone's mailing list for MMF's
- I get A LOT of them in e-mail :-(
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:39:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Grawemeyer World Order Nomination Period 
I nominate Jim Bell.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-19 09:29:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Picketing With Packets 
It's interesting to note that thir very popular address
harvesting program was posted for free by the guy who sells an
e-mail filtering program.
I put a lot of bwalk mailboxes on the iemmc's off list, and I still
get a lot of shit in those mailboxes, stating in the header
'x-ad: see iemmc for removal instructions". Fucking liars.
That must be a recent development. I broke my Web browser and
can't look t it. [If I had realized what a buggy piece of shit NT
is, I would have kept OS/2 on bwalk and installed NT on another
box. :-( . Learn from my mistakes folks - NT sucks, OS/2 rulez.]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-19 09:35:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: None 
I'd love for this to happen!  I wish someone would condense the instructions
for making nukes in one's garage into 4-6 lines suitable for .sigs.
But I suspect that the Zionist entity will get nuked before Washington DC.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-20 09:17:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as a Terrorist Organization 
I know for a fact that DejaNews has complied with a request from
one of the news.admin.* assholes to delete an article posted by
another person calling said asshole a pedophile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-20 23:51:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pedophile Chris Lewis deserves to die in a gas chamber 
The Net.Scum pages for Peter and Stephanie Dasilva included the TX DL for both of them.
Paul Pomes is the scumbag who harrasses remailer operators, their upstreams
and employers, in an effort to shut down the remailers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-21 04:24:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May shows his true colors 
Path: altavista!news1.digital.com!su-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.co
Newsgroups: scruz.general
Organization: None
Lines: 94
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.167.93.63
X-Newsreader: MT-NewsWatcher 2.3.1
There no longer being a proposal for discussion to create scruz.moderated,
in the form described in Glen's article, I am resurrecting my old
proposal. This proposal should not be confused with the other
"scruz.moderated" proposal.
This message has been automatically posted to this newsgroup because
scruz.moderated is now actively being discussed
Charter: Scruz.moderated is for educated and englightened discussion of
the pressing issues of Santa Cruz. It is to be a zone in which thoughtful
persons may discuss important issues with other thoughtful persons. The
moderator, Tim May, has already received indications of support from
leading conservative voices in Santa Cruz, including Carolyn Busenhart,
Tony S. Riducci, and Lee Himmelfarb (of the White People's Party). It will
be moderated by Tim May. Appropriate topics for scruz.moderated include:
- what to do with the homeless problem (e.g., the Final Solution)
- conversion of Lighthouse Field to a nuclear-powered whale packing plant
(based on the ideas of N. Campbell)
- revoking the charter of UCSC for its creation of the "Kikes and Dykes
Summer Program"
- moving the voting age in Santa Cruz back up to 21 to lessen the bias
caused by UCSC
- how to develop the North Coast, and plans to expand Highway One north of
Santa Cruz to 6 lanes--each way.
- getting the so-called health food stores shut down for failure to
properly irradiate their food
- which minorities should be relocated to Manzanar and other camps
And so on. Other topics may also be appropriate...check with the
moderator, Tim May, first.
Discussions of deviancy will not be tolerated, nor will leftist rants by
Vegans, tree worshippers, tree huggers, persons of color, and
self-described "queers."
The moderator, Tim May, will establish a "whitelist" of those with
automatic permission to post. All others will have to submit their posts
to moderator at whitepower.org. Those whose posts are approved 5 times in a
row will automatically be moved to the whitelist. The moderator, Tim May,
may move anyone off the whitelist anytime he chooses, and for any reason.
Those whose posts are approved will receive e-mail confirmation, saying
"That's mighty white of you."
With the help of the Santa Cruz community, a friendly and open space for
whites--to be known as "whitespace"--can be created. By screening out
disruptive and ideological bankrupt posts, your moderator can ensure that
meaningful debate takes place.
You must be a Registered NAWP Voter to participate in the survey. To
register, please fill out the New Voter Registration form at
Fill out the fields below using the information supplied to NAWP. Your
score must be between 0.0 (low) and 10.0 (high).
To be accepted by the email daemon, replies MUST be addressed to
 and have the word "CFV" in the SUBJECT line.
As an example, the BODY of your reply should look like this:
--- Please Delete Down to Here in Your Reply ---
Thank you.
--Tim May

@_date: 1997-08-22 14:59:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ROTFL / Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
What was that joke about the midget who went to the nudist camp and
though that everybody looked like Fidel Castro?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-22 15:00:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: State Charges in Weaver Case 
No, it should be a $100 reward for icing a motherfucking fed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-23 01:28:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Sacco & Vancetti anniversary 
On August 23, 1927, Niccola Sacco and Bartholomeo Vancetti were murdered
by the USD in Massachussetts.  Please have some beer/pot in their memory
(or kill a fed, or mailbomb Kent Crispin, or whatever you find fitting).
I'll be away from the 'net for the next few days.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-23 05:55:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mathematics > NSA + GCHQ 
The NSA certainly did try to suppress much shift-register-related stuff.
The recent Sandia lawsuit is over shift register stuff.
There are increasingly persistent rumor of a fast factoring algorithm
based on shift registers.
Therefore anything mentioning them is of interest.
But: Was there any info in the package other than the passages from the book?
I don't think it's a good idea to put up chunks of the book - the publisher
might cry copyright infringement, and everybody probably has it anyway.
[I'm about to turn off this box, so I won't see any responses in a while.]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-29 23:22:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Crypto best book 
Bruce did a lousy job on this book.
If his is the first or the only book you read on the subject of
cryptography, your knowledge base will be seriously deficient.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-30 08:48:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile - #9 
Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile
 Find his shoes for him.
 Buy Kent Crispin a Dr. Kevorkian gift-certificate.
 Nuke Washington DC
 [This space reserved for T.C. May]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-30 08:50:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: H/W v S/W encryption Constitutional challenge --The Next Generati 
Hmm. The patents on algorithms are phrased as patents on a hardware device
implementing the algorithm. If the gubmint had a precedent of hardware
exports being banned, could they present a software-only export as a
part of a hardward/software package?  Just thinking.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-31 00:46:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Shrinks as Narcs for the State 
Of course, the patient can choose to pay cash for the psychiatrist's
advice and not use the insurance.
I just happen to have been reading up on the Tarasoff case the other day,
so I'll clarify something.
A student at U.C.berkeley named Prosenjit Poddar became obsessed with his
fellow student Tatiana tarasoff, whom she met at a folk dance lessons
at the Internastional House. She kissed him at a new year's party, which
he interpreted as a proof that she wanted him. He secretly audiotaped their
conversations and spliced the tape so it sounded like she's saying she
loves him.
Poddar's been harrassing Tarassoff something awful and she was fully
aware that he's a dangerous nut. She took a vacation (supposedly to
get away from Poddar); soon after she returned, he killed her.
Before the murder, Poddar had gone to the campus psychologist and told him
about his obsession with Tarasoff. The psychologist, based on what the parient
said 1) tried but failed to have him involuntarily committed 2) notified
the campus police who detained and released Poddar, based on what the
the therapost said Poddar told him.
Tarasoff's parents sued the therapist, U.C.Berkeley, campus police (for
freeing Poddar), etc, for the wrongful death. The claim against the
therapist was that he should have notified Tarasoff that Poddar is
obsessed with her, in addition to calling the cops on his patient,
which he did. (Of course she already knew that all too well. If
she carried a gun and knew how to use it, she might still be alive.)
The California Supreme Court wrote in Tarasoff vs. Board of Regents (1976)
that "the protective privilege ends where public peril begins" and that
clinicians are obliged to use reasonable care to protect the potential
victim of a patient's violence, which may include warning the victim.
The duty of the clinician to notify the State if the patient says, e.g.,
that he intends to smoke pot, doesn't flow from the Tarasoff decision.
A related question is, suppose a criminal happens to be religious and
confesses to a priest that he committed a crime (smoked pot, or whatever).
He is subsequently arrested and mentions to the cops that he confessed
to the priest. (Assume that the guy is an idiot, or else he wouldn't be
going to church in the first place :-)
Can the priest be prosecuted for not telling the cops about the confession?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-01 08:34:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP Signatures 
Lance Detweiller has been working on one.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-01 21:49:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If you fought to defend your country... 
That's right - I habitually fuck Chris Lewis in the ass with a dildo.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-01 21:58:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
Igor's STUMP has a similar feature, although I don't think a lot of posters
currently use it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-02 02:34:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stanford student "blacklisted" from jobs because of his Internet writings 
Here's a good argument for anonymity:
New York Observer: November 24, 1997
Salomon Brothers Tattler Gets Famous on the Web
by Tinker Spitz
Tim Shields, a student at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, spent
the summer working as an investment banking summer associate for Salomon
Brothers. He didn't like it much. When he got back to Stanford, he wrote two
articles about his experiences and published them in The Reporter, a
business school publication.
No harm done, right? Wrong. Now, through the magic of the Internet, all of
Wall Street is aware of Mr. Shields' complaints.
Overworked bankers, chained to their desks, often turn to their computers
for entertainment to break up the tedium of creating shareholder profiles
and whatever other dreary analyses their clients might demand of them.
Lately, Mr. Shields' bitter article, making the rounds by e-mail, has been
that entertainment.
Mr. Shields was merciless in his depiction of Salomon Brothers and the
people he encountered from other business schools. Here is a line that
nicely sums up his impression of his summer: "The 38 members of my
Investment Banking Summer Associate class represented a wide range of
personality types, from the merely obnoxious to the moderately narcissistic
to the overwhelmingly repugnant."
He also makes Salomon Brothers chief executive Deryck Maughan look like
either a hypocrite or a fool. In a meeting on Aug. 18 with the investment
banking unit, Mr. Shields reports, Mr. Maughan said, "We have absolutely no
reason to believe that we are a buyout target, nor that we will be in the
near future." Only weeks later, Salomon Brothers was acquired by the
Travelers Group Inc.
Mr. Shields also remarked on the general climate at Salomon: He writes that
a managing director at the firm told him, "Salomon Brothers is just not a
culture where anyone says 'please' or 'thank you' or 'good job.'"
And, according to the much e-mailed articles, one Salomon vice president
told Mr. Shields, "You don't want this job. You really don't want this job.
You get sucked in by the money and then find yourself trapped and miserable
like I am. Don't be me."
Salomon Brothers had no comment on the matter.
The writer was at his most cutting in his assessment of his fellow summer
associates, classifying them by school. Those from University of
Pennsylvania's Wharton School were, in Mr. Shields' estimation, "boorish and
dull, and interacting with them was like being locked in a room with a
Bloomberg machine, except that the Bloomberg screen has two dimensions."
Mr. Shields writes that he amused himself by needling the Columbia Business
School students with his own feeling of Stanford superiority: "If I was in a
truly nasty mood, I would follow up with a discussion hypothesizing on the
quality-of-life differences between Palo Alto and Harlem. As you might
guess, I wasn't too popular among the Columbia crowd."
His take on those from Northwestern University's J.L. Kellogg Graduate
School of Management? "Not the sharpest Ginsu knives in the set, they were
as out of place on Wall Street as you might expect from people who'd spent
the prior year intensely debating the merits of Dave Thomas appearing in
person in the Wendy's commercials."
About those from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School of
Management, Mr. Shields writes, "I think I found Waldo. Every stereotype you
ever heard about M.I.T. is true. These guys were such incredible weenies,
brilliantly managing to combine both the brainpower and social grace of an
HP 19B-II."
And the Harvard Business School types? "Floating through the summer like
Cinderella at the ball, they expected you to accept their jargon-laced
drivel with the same attitude that Moses and his stone tablets received on
Mr. Shields' articles first drew the attention of Wall Street when they
appeared in the on-line version of The Reporter. Someone an incensed
first-year Salomon Brothers associate, according to a source downloaded
them and attached the following message: "A Stanford student who did not
receive an offer from Salomon Brothers was bold enough to put his name in
print with these two articles. Maybe he doesn't want a job at all ..."
Then the associate started e-mailing like crazy, sending the piece to job
recruiters, among others, the source said. Mr. Shields' fame on the Web
could not have come at a worse time. Now in the middle of on-campus job
interviews, trying to parlay his $80,000 M.B.A. degree into a full-time job,
Mr. Shields' only hope is that someone who may well have attended one of the
schools he slagged is willing to hire a guy who went gleefully public with a
nasty description of life with a previous employer.
According to a friend of Mr. Shields, the e-mail has indeed come up in his
first four interviews. "They seemed as though they were giving him a chance
to explain himself," said the friend, "but when I talked to him, he hadn't
heard yet whether he had gotten a call back which would be the ultimate
test of whether they were willing to overlook it."
Stanford is most certainly not standing behind its student. "That was a real
silly thing for him to do, and not in any way appropriate," said George
Parker, director of Stanford's M.B.A. program. "It's just arrogant."
Other business students are aghast. "No one could believe that he would
write this and not realize what the ramifications or consequences might be,"
said one. Mr. Shields would not comment for this article. People who know
him said he's a nice guy despite his sharp edges. One friend, Giles
Kavanagh, a Web site producer in New York, described Mr. Shields as "very
ambitious" and "extraordinarily hard-working," adding, "He disguises his
The son of a New York City police detective, Mr. Shields, now in his
mid-20's, attended Regis High School (a Jesuit school on the Upper West
Side) and received his undergraduate degree from the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania. Before going for his M.B.A. at Stanford in 1996,
he spent three years in the financial division at J.P. Morgan & Company.
"He's always had an interest in making money," Mr. Kavanagh said. But that
may be more difficult now, since the e-mail has apparently fallen into the
hands of recruiters. One anonymous friend said that, while Mr. Shields has
decided that "investment banking wasn't really for him ... he still didn't
mean to get himself blacklisted across Wall Street." The friend added that
Mr. Shields is trying to get a job in either private client services, a
field related to investment banking, or consulting.
Given his bitterness, his ambition, his ability to turn a phrase, his lack
of respect for authority and his willingness to squawk about people he has
met, perhaps Mr. Shields should consider a career in the glorious field of
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-03 21:30:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / 
Yes, this is one of the problems. Earlier this year pedophile Chris Lewis
from Northern Telecom forged a bunch of spam e-mail to look like it came
from dm.com (my domain).  I got about 500 obnoxious e-mails, which I
semi-automatically responded to, and had a rather unpleasant conversation
with the assholes at my upstrea (PSI): "If you prove that this e-mail didn't
originate at your site, you will not be held responsible".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-03 21:30:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freemen and Serfs 
Hello!  My name is Dave Rhodes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-03 21:31:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
Just a thought: suppose "reply-to" points to a nym listed on a key server and
the entire article is signed with a key for that nym?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-03 21:32:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If you fought to defend your country... 
^ [sp]
I don't want physical contact with pedophile forgers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-04 10:01:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Sows. As in "your mama".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-05 03:38:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / 
I suspect that if the assholes at PSI pulled my plug and I sued them for
breach of contract, the case would never get to the jury.  A judge would
toss it.  You see, I'm an ISP.  Most ISP's contracts with their backbones
say explicitly that the backbone can pull the plug any time it wants to
for no reason and with no warning.  There are very few backbones and they
all talk to each other and basically have a cartel.  it's not like if you
don't like PSI's standard ISP contract, you can go to Sprint and get a
better one; they're a cartel with very little competition. Indeed, it's
highly unusual even to have a language requiring the backbone to give a
notice before pulling your plug.
I might have a good cause of action against Chris Lewis, but the asshole is
in Canada. (I found out the forger's home address. I hope someone blows his
fucking brains out, for he surely deserves to die.) In what court would I
sue him (for interfering with my contractual relations with PSI)?
If you're an individual user and check your contract with your ISP, you'll
likely see that the ISP too can pull your plug any time it feels like it for
no reason, and doesn't even have to turn over to you your files, e-mail, etc.
If a forger (like Chris Lewis) forges something objectionable in a user's
name and the ISP has to spend a lot of time responding to the complaints,
it's not unusual for the ISP to get rid of the controversial user even though
the user hasn't posted the traffic that's causing the complaints.
If there was more competition in the field, the ISP would have to demonstrate
abuse by the user to pull the user's plug.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-05 21:21:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Gas the perverts.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-05 21:21:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dec 8th SF C'punks meeting: export controls on appeal 
John Gilmore is a fascist cockcucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-05 21:37:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Chris Lewis kills babies after he molests them. 
Therefore you're a censorous cocksucker and an asshole.  Fuck you.
C, P, & G. Lewis reside at:
483 Vances Side Road (Box 124),
Dunrobin (a suburb of Ottawa),
Ontario K0A 1T0, Canada,
home tel: +1 613 832 0541, office tel: +1 613 763 2935
I hope some homicidal maniac makes use of this information.
Chris Lewis uses the resources of his employer, Northern Telecom / Bell North
Research, to forge his cancels. Complaints about Chris Lewis should be sent
directly to Human Resources. That way they go directly into his personnel file
for safekeeping and remain unadulterated by his chain of command. Nortel does
not have a security officer in personnel (incredible as it seems, it's true),
so use the director as follows:
Jim Young, Director, Human Resources
Tel: +1 905 863 4636
Fax: +1 905 863 8300 (one of three faxes, so call for the others if line is busy)
E-mail: jamesy at bnr.ca
Main Nortel switchboard is at +1 613 763 2935.
Below is the chain of command for Chris Lewis, but beware of complaints to
them as they try to cover up for each other:
* David R. Niles, Assistant Vice-President
Research and Development for Infrastructure
Information Systems
Tel: +1 613 763 8635
Fax: +1 613 765 3893
Home address: 624 Glenside Terrace, Orleans, Otario K4A 2B6, Canada
Home tel: +1 613 834 2006
* Reginald I. "Reg" Foulkes, Director
Messaging and Security
Internet & Security Systems 8M80
Tel: +1 613 763 4131
E-mail: riskit at bnr.ca, v2ksys at bnr.ca
Home address: RR 2 Stn main, Trenton, Ontario K8V 5P5, Canada
Home tel: +1 613 392 5042
* Seema Goel, Manager 8M86
Tel: +1 613 763 9161
E-mail: secdevco at bnr.ca
Note that this e-mail address is sometimes used by another woman
named Marie L. Lewis.
* Chris Lewis, 8M86
Tel: +1 613 763 2935
Home address as above.
Also cc: all complaints to the following:
* Marie L. Lewis
Messaging and Security Infrastructure
Tel: +1 613 763 3495
* Marcus Leech
Tel: +1 613 763 9145
Fax: +1 613 765 1407
e-mail: mleech at bnr.ca
Home: RR 3 Stn Main, Smiths Falls, Ontario K7A 4S4, Canada
Home tel: +1 613 283 3711

@_date: 1997-12-10 17:27:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Burnmore & Databasix 
Paul Pomes from Qualcomm software is also a member if the Databasix gang
and an enemy of privacy and of the anonymous remailers.  Please complain
to Qualcomm about Paul Pomes's abuse of the Internet, including his
harrassnment of remailer operators.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-14 23:32:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nobody will debate John Gilmore on crypto? 
I was going to suggest that you contact Dr. Dorothy Denning (or bring in
Dr. Fred Cohen).
However it's clear that no decent person wants to sit next to the disgusting
cocksucker Jon Gilmore, whose fascist censorsh you, forger Declan, have
been defending.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-15 10:56:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Who's afraid of an uncensored forum? Good riddance to forger Declan 
Tiny Timmy May  read alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.little-boys
and stroked his little limp penis until the following came out:
[some bullshit snipped unread]
The reason why Declan felt compelled to "run away" from the unmoderated
cypherpunks list is obvious.  You may recall that some months ago
Declan publushed a very negative "expose" of myself in Netly news, and
in it he forged nunmerous quotes from me.  The words Declan attributed
to me in his "expose" were directly opposite of what I told him in my
phone interview and were intended to make me look like an idiot. I've
repeatedly called Declan a liar and a forger on this forum, the last
time just recently. Apparently Declan doesn't like being exposed as the
liar and a forger that he is. :-) He's rather hide out on a censored
forum, where he can suppress the opinions he doesn't like.  Tiny Tim is
happy to bend over and let Declan (or Sandy or any other self-appointed
censor) decide which of Timmy's rants are worth publishing.
You may recall that Declan has another censored mailing list, which he
ironicalled called "fight-censrship". That list is frequented by another
"journalist" whom Declan describes as his "friend" - the pathological
liar Charlie Platt, a psychipath who should be confined to an insane
asylum (and fired from his lab job at New School for his racist hate
speech).  Charlie Platt's been using the "fight-censorship" list to
publish lies about me, and Declan wouldn't let me reply in the same forum
that Platt's claims about me are lies.
I'm not the only victim of Declan's lies and forgeries. E.g., the Center for
Deomcracy in Technology (CDT) complained to Declan's employer, Time Warner,
about Declan's lies, forgeries, and misrepresentations of CDT's position.
Tiny Tim and Declan were long-time supporters of John Gilmore's censorship
of this list and of C2net's/Sandy Sandfart's "moderation experiment". If they
want to get the hell off of Cypherpunks yet another censored mailing list,
but only comment is "good riddance to bad writers".

@_date: 1997-12-16 00:59:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Who's afraid of an uncensored forum? Good riddance to forger 
If you have a problem, you can killfile me or go to a modereated list.
There are plenty of them.
Yes, but I have better things do to.  Search the list archives.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-16 00:59:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Plot to Overthrow U.S.Government: three indicted 
I get a feeling that we get new ones almost daily.
I heard a story on CNN[1] last night. I was doing 2 other things at the
same time. It went as follows:
* a perp mail-ordered some bio materials that could be used to breed viruses
* Unfortunately, there's no law against it. However the company he bought it
  from calls the feds
* The police searched the perp's house and found guns and "white supremacist"
  literature.  Apparently they got the search warrant solely on his mail order.
* Unfortunately, the gun control laws need to be strengtheed
* The perp hasn't been charged with anything. He claims (much irony in the
  talk head's voice) that he's a patriot, not a terrorist, and is working
  on a survavalist manifesto of some sort. (Apparently the sucker talked
  to a journalist.)
Perhaps someone can find this on the CNN Web site.
Fox News is much superior to CNN.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-18 14:56:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Can I do Pubkic Domain that - 
No, thank you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-18 21:59:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: MISTY is patented International Patent 
I don't, but chop-chop probably does.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-18 21:59:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Bill, while I intensely dislike FDR's politics, he was nowhere near the kind
of crook and murderer that Slick Willy is.
FDR tried to pack the Supreme Court - this ain't nice, but it's just politics.
What did he do that could compare to peddling plots on the Arlington nat'l
Cematary to political contributors (that later get dig up and reburied :-)
or to Waco?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-19 20:07:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Toto, knock it off! 
Timmy is being his censorious self as usual, always ready to yap in support
of blacklisting by e fascist cocksuckers John Gilmore and Declan M, in
favor of C2Net's "moderation experiment", and any other oppression of free
speach.  Up with the SPAM!!!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-19 20:26:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
This has no crypto relevance (not surprising, coming from Timmy)
1st Amendment says, "the congress shall pass no law".  It says nothing about
some redneck county not being allowed to curtail free speech.  if you don't
like it, move to another county.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-19 20:28:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The criminals currently in Wash DC are less discrete about their abuses.
They also have no style. FDR fucked around on Eleanore a lot, but can you
vizualize FDR having his minions fetch a secretary to his office; pulling
down his pants and ordering her to suck him off; and firing her for refusing?
FDR was shit, but Lincoln did much of that and worse.
Amen. And let's not forger the Kennedy Klan: the murderer and bootlegger
Joe Kennedy accummulated lots of $$ via his criminal activities during the
prohibition and figured (correctly) that he could buy political posts for
his kids. Joe kennedy personally murdered more people than Al Capone and
Dillinger (I'm not talking about sending goon squads)
I can't argue with the obvious fact that FDR was a motherfucking dictator and
deserved a bullet in his head the same way Lincoln did. However FDR did not,
as far as I know, sent death squads dressed up as ninjas to murder civilians,
the way Slick Willy did at Waco, Ruby Ridge, et al - possibly just because
FDR didn't have the goons that are now plentiful in the feds' employ.
Lock and load,
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-19 20:28:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Warez 397 
That would be censorship.
(I got so drunk last night that I can't sleep now. Ain't that something.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 02:17:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
Panix is extremely censorous. I know of at least 3 cases where they pulled
plugs on their users because they didn't like the contents of their speech.
(Many people here probably remember Fred Cherry - Panix pulled his plug for
chris.com pulled the plug on TRRJC3 (Igor's pal) because of content.
I also wouldn't trust Lance Cottrell.  He's selling privacy for the $$, not
for the ideology; he'll bend over the moment he thinks there's more $$ in
bending over, which is usually the case.
Remember how Sameer Parekh's C2Net used to try to peddle a "privacy ISP"
because he failed miserable and diversified into peddiling shitty software
and making idiotic legal threats? He happily pulled plugs bases on content,
while at the same time stating in court papers that he doesn't censor content.
What a pathological liar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 06:44:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Frank Olson 
I just saw a very interesting story on the Discovery Channel.
In 1953 the US was actively pursuing bio warfare (a subject of current
interest to me). Frank Olson was a good bacteriologist working for the gubmint
(NIH?), in close contact with the CIA. One night he attended a work-related
party, where everyone acted strangely; the next day, he a) decided to resign
his job, b) discussed his classified bio warfare work with people on his car
pool. But the gubmint didn't accept his resignation and instead sent him to
NYC for a psychiatric evaluation. He was sharing a hotel room with a CIA
employee, who claims that he was woken up the sound of breaking glass: Frank
Olson supposedly jumped out the window.
In 1975 it was revealed that at the party the attendees were given LSD without
their concent as part of a CIA experiment, which is why everyone was acting
strangely. Pres Ford issued an official apology to Olson's family and gave
them $750,000 in compensation.
Now there's a new twist. In 1953, the gubmint insisted that Olson be buried in
a closed casket, claiming he had cuts and bruises on his face. The family
never saw him. In 1994 his son has the body exhumed and re-examined. There
were no cuts and bruises, but forensic evidence suggests very strongly that he
was hit with something over the head and then thrown out the window. The NYC
DA has now started a murder investigation.
This has little crypto relevance, except for the bio warfare angle, and the
question: do you want these guys to have access to your cryptographic keys?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 07:06:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
Panix pulled Fred Cherry's plug because of his Usenet articles criticizing
homosexuals as child molestors and fascist censors.
I am not aware of Fred Cherry ever sending anyone e-mail resembling the
"quote" fabricated the anonymous homosexual.
No wonder John Gilmore is a cocksucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 13:26:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? 
Many years ago the phone company tried to assign pay phones phone numbers
of the form xxx-9xxx. They no lobger do in area codes/exchanged where the
numbers are very scarce.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 13:27:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
If "prof" is supposed to be "proof" then the answer is yes. Lance Cottrell
has spoken many times in favor of content censorship. Witness, for example,
his harrassment of HipCrime.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 13:52:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
I refer, inter alia, to the smelly Arab pulling the plug on netscum at c2.net back
when c2 peddling "privacy". The following is from Parekh's own net.scum page:
]Sameer Parekh, sameer at c2.net, pulled the plug on the Net.Scum pages because
]he did not like their content. At about the same time Sameer was sued by the
]Software Publishers Association because his computer was being used by
]his friends to distribute pirated software. Sameer claimed in court papers
]that he exercises no control over his users' contents. He clearly lied:
]>From sameer Thu Oct 24 10: 34:59 1996
]>Received: (from sameer at localhost) by blacklodge.c2.net (8.7.6/8.7.3) id
]>KAA05716; Thu, 24 Oct 1996 10:34:58 -0700 (PDT)
]>From: sameer (sameer at c2.net)
]>Message-Id: <199610241734.KAA05716 at blacklodge.c2.net>
]>Subject: Re: ]>To: netscum at c2.net
]>Date: Thu, 24 Oct 1996 10:34:58 -0700 (PDT)
]>Cc: sameer at c2.net
]>In-Reply-To: <3279b6dd.124287235 at mail.c2.net> from "netscum at c2.net" at "Oct
]> 24, 96 00:26:22 am"
]>X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4ME+ PL22 (25)]
]>MIME-Version: 1.0
]>Content-Type: text/plain; charset=3DUS-ASCII
]>Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]>	I'm sorry. If you don't remove the illegal web pages we're
]>going to be forced to shut off your account.
]>> Dear Sameer,
]>> What was reported to you was mistaken.  The referenced page contains no
]>> libel, and all the claims therein are factually correct and can be proved
]>> easily by browing public documents in DejaNews and AltaVista.
]>> Good luck in your SPA lawsuit!!
]>> On Wed, 23 Oct 1996 12:41:53 -0700 (PDT), sameer  posted:
]>> >  	The URL in the subject (
]>> >  was reported to us as illegal libel. Please note that our policies
]>> >  forbid any illegal activity on the site. Please remove this page as
]>> >  soon as possible. Thank you.
]>> >
]>> >  --
]>> >  Sameer Parekh					Voice:
]>> 510-986-8770
]>> >  C2Net						FAX:
]>> 510-986-8777
]>> >  The Internet Privacy Provider
]>> >  				sameer at c2.net
]>> >
]>Sameer Parekh					Voice:   510-986-8770
]>C2Net						FAX:     510-986-8777
]>The Internet Privacy Provider
]>				sameer at c2.net
Note that Parekh pulled netscum's plug in October, 1996, because he didn't
like the contents of a web page critical of Timmy C. May,
If you review the Cyperpunks archives from that time, you will see that
Parekh was being sued by the Software Publishers Association, was whining all
over the mailing list and asking for "petitions" in his defense, and was
claiming that he exercises no control over the content on C2net.
Is that proof enough for you that the smelly Arab is a pathological liar?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-21 23:31:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re: UCENET II and Pet 
That's a very accurate analysis, and that's precisely what's been happening
in NYC, where a lot of pay phones are owned by small businesses now. They
also want to either block the 800 numbers, or charge for calling them
from their pay phone.
Of course they'd feel differently if there was some way to pay for receiving
calls there... :-)
This is a comp.telcom question, but to the best of my knowledge, no, and
it has little to do with the war on (some) drugs.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-22 04:27:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why I Support Microsoft 
I remember MS Word 1.0 for MS DOS.  It was the first crude WYSYWYG on the CGA:
it displayed primitive boldface and italics on screen, unlike most other
word processors of that era that mostly used markup languages.
I used Windows .9beta quite heavily and even wrote some primitive GUI hacks
using the SDK. One of them was a front-end to a DES encoder/decoder. It has 3
areas for entering a key: as text, as hex, and as binary; updating one area
immediately updated the other 2. That was circa 83 or even 82. Of course all
the APIs are different under newer windows. Anybody cares to see it?
Of course, Windows 1.x and 2.x were a miserable failure in the marketplace
because the requisite hardware wasn't there yet. So was VisiOn, but Windows had
bill gates support. 3.0 was moderately successful; 3.1 was actually profitable.
Microsoft lost a lot of bets before this product line finally took off.
Microsoft spent a lots of money on the "Bob" project which was a complete
I also got OS/2 1.0 from Microsoft in 1988, together with the Microsoft/Ahton
Tate SQL server (based on Sybases's). SYBS stupidly sold their pricey
product to microsoft, figuring the micro market would never be of use to SYBS.
Microsoft then decided to pull the rug from under its OS/2 users, so I
switched to IBM OS/2.
I hate to admit it, but I agree with Timmy on this one.
If Hitler gasses Goebbels, would you object?
If IE does include some important bug fixes for the OS (like MS Office does),
then Microsoft ought to make these patches available as OS patches and not
bundle them with other products. "Ought to" doesn't mean it's illegal for them
to only bundle...
Ah, but they'd rather sell their hardware with a bunch of pre-installed
software, and charge the poor consumer for it. If you buy an IBM Thinkpad, they
refuse to sell it without Windows 95 preinstalled, and America Online software
(probably charged for it), and a bunch of Lotus software (123, some
wordprocess, etc); even if the first thing you intend to do is to reformat the
hard disk and instal Linux.
In an ideal world, MSFT would be free to refuse to sell its OS to hardware
makers because they're owned by gooks; to demand that the hardware makers pay
MSFT a licence fee for every piece of hardware they sell, whether or not they
included Win95 with it; and to insist that the hardware makers include a big
disclaimer saying they don't support Netscape products as a condition for
getting an MSFT licence. But we're not living in a free country.
They refuse to sell "bare hardware" because they get part of the profit on
selling it with the software pre-installed: typically not just the OS, but a
bunch of useless apps that most users never use.
Likewise try to buy a scanner without a bundled useless Windows software that's
"supposed" to go with a scanner; or a color printer without bundled
finger-painting software for Windows; or a modem without bundled
"communications software" (which almost always includes a Netscape browser).
You can't avoid paying for the media and the license to this useless shit.
They would if the consumers demanded it. Of course the consumers can get
netscape for free if they want it. Lots of folks use their computers for more
productive work than interenet browsing and don't want any browser at all.
Sure - unfair competition. :-) They'll go after GNU and linux too, given
time. Remember how Ziff-Davis publications refused to acknowledge the
exietence of free software or sharewre (and mostly still do)? Remember the talk
about licencing software developers?
Microsoft has gone through many failures before they finally came up with
products that consumers preferred. Microsoft benefited from very stupid
mistakes made by IBM and Sybase and Digital Research at various times, but
they've made pelnty of stupid mistakes of their own. Right now they're being
rewarded for trying many product only some of which sold well.
Java's dead. However no one is preventing Atilla from writing e.g. a word
processor superior to MS Word and letting it compete in the marketplace.
I have mixed feelings about this... MS is a turd of the same shitpile
as DOJ, Ralph Nader, and Nescape. If one of them fucks another one of
them in the ass, as opposed to fucking an innocent bystander, we can gloat.
Given free competition, MSFT would go wither away and die under its own weight.
Look at the stupidity they've unleashed in Windows 98:
* yet another user interface (while people are still retraining from 3.1 to
* No support for NTFS, but yet another wasteful file system (FAT32) [This is
really something. It's hard to fine a disk drive under 2GB these days and the
FAT filesystem is extremely inefficient on it. Instead of supporting NT's NTFS
(fairly fast and efficient; similar to OS/2 HPFS in many respects :-), MSFT
introduces yet another filesystem, that's actually slower than the 16-bot FAT
and wastes more disk storage in unsused clusters than any I've ever seen)
In a sense, yes - if everyone freely chooses to use Windows 95 and not, say,
OS/2, and as the result the companies that developed software for OS/2 go
bankrupt (as most of them indeed did :-), and then there's no application
software for OS/2, then OS/2 users like myself are indeed screwed.
And it is Microsoft's fault for offering a more popular product; or perhaps
IBM's fault for fucking up OS/2.
Although I always buy Intel CPUs (afraid of compatability problems), there are
now plenty of clones from AMD, Cyrix, and IBM. Back in 8088 days I avoided
using Intel and insisted on the NEC clone. Intel's architecture is very
popular, but it's not necessary running on intel-made chips, or (more
relevantly) chips whose sales give Intel revenues.
The way Microsoft seems to be unable to adapt to large hard disks :-)
I should also mention that Netscape was engaging in pretty nasty (although
legal) behavior by "enhancing" its browser to support non-standard HTML
extensions; some assholes uses these extensions on their web sites and then
theycould only be browser properly with a Netscape browser.
I haven't look at NSCP's reports at all, but I presume most of their revenues
comes from their server sales, not the browser licenses?
it's funny that you mention this: I was just talking to someone who mentioned
that Lockheed-Martin is threatening INTC with anti-trust if Intel puts graphics
features in its chipsets that would hurt the sales some Lockheed-Martin
subsidiary. I suppose S3, Dimond multimedia, et al will b happy to join.
Hmm - having used Weitek chips a lot (alongside Intel 386's) I doubt very much
that Intel's integrating the floating point unit into the 486 contributed much
to its demise. I personally quit using Weiteks when I discovered that their
double precision operations were about 10 times slower than single precision,
and in fact slower than ab Intel 80387 co-processor!
best scenario: men with guns die from AIDS
second best: men with guns shoot each other
worst: men with guns shoot innocent bystanders
MSFT is no innocent bystander.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-22 13:04:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
I presume he won't see this response then.
No, this is not my reasoning.  I've concluded, based on the analysis of
numerous quotes from Cottrell, that he sounds like an opponent of anonymity,
privacy, and free speech (witness his attacks on "HipCrime", his censorship
of "spam" (the term now used by censors to describe any content they don't
approve of)  et al - just use DejaNews).  An "anti-spammer" selling "privacy"
services is a lot like a devout nun working as a prostitute to support
her convent - she does it for the money, but her heart won't be in it.
Of course I respect lance's right to hold whatever beliefs he chooses and
to oppose free speech. However I advise anyone against trusting a person
who states that he opposes "spam" (defined as any content he doesn't like).
If you use "Anonymizer", Lance will know who you are, and he states on his
web site that he will reveal your identity if you "abuse" his service (which
might well mean simply expressing an opinion that Lance doesn't like and
judges to be "spam").
if Lance Cottrell wants to salvage the remains of his credibility, he should
state unequivocally that he supports "spam" as defined by Chris Lewis.
As documented before, Sameer closed shop on C2net as a "privacy" ISP at
about the same time (Oct 96) as
a) Software Publishers Association sued him for software privacy and he
was claiming in court papers that he doesn't censor content (as well as
whining on this mailing list and begging for help)
b) he simultaneously pulled the plug on one of his subscribers because
he didn't like the contents of that subscibers's web page, which expressed
critical opinions about Timmy May.
This proves, in my opinion, that Sameer is a pathological liar.
Further his settlement with SPA was a miserable failure for him,
Sameer is also notorious for making legal threats against those who question
the security of the crypto software he peddles. The fact that he dispatches
his shysters to make threats, instead of even trying to answer our concerns
with facts, shows how much he himself believes in his products.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 01:03:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part I 
Only assholes post to forger Declan's nym list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 01:11:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why I Support Microsoft 
I know for a fact that an action against Intel involving its putting graphics
on the CPU and/or support chips is in the works.
However saying that M$ is one of the good guys just because their position
on GAK and strong crypto is a little more palatable than Netscape's and
because they don't donate as much $$$ to the Democratic National Committee
as Netscape does is, IMO, a little too much of a stretch.
This is a baseless, lawless, outrageous action, but I'm glad it's aimed at
someone I don't like.
Yep! And don't forget IBM's consent decree,s crewing it and its customers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 02:36:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship (fwd) 
So?  has cocksucker John Gilmore quit sucking cocks in the meantime?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 02:42:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
Sameer parekh sounds like he lives by the Arab proverb: "Women for sons,
boys for pleasure, but a camel for sheer extasy".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 03:33:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
And that in turns reminds me of microsoft giving away a free web browser...
Here's why: in 19th century NYC there very many excellent private libraries
where one could pay a monthly fee and either read inside or borrow books.
Then the gubmint (the state, the city, doesn't matter) created "free" public
libraries (i.e., paid for by the taxpayers, most of whom probably don't give
a flying fuck about libraries), and drove almost all private for-pay libaries
out of business.
Perhaps the state shouldn't be in the business of providing library services
to begin with; then there will be no 1st amendment issue, and if you don't
like the censorware used by a private library, why, use another private
library, or start your own.
(Nor would there be an issue with private libraries refusing service to
readers who smell bad.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 03:33:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
I don't know - you'd have to ask Sameer Parekh.  Does he keep one in his
C2Net office, and is it a male or a female camel?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 03:34:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
Politically correct shit like this reveals the stupidity and the ignorance of
its writer. no wonder he hides behind an anonymous remailer, afraid to sign
his own name on such crap. However his writing style is unmistakable that of
the cowardly liar Sandy "moderator" Sandfart (spit) from C2net (a boot-licking
employee of the smelly Arab crypto-snake-oil peddler Sameer Parekh (spit)).
ObHateSpeech: Kill all faggots and/or politicians.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 05:12:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
On the contary. when no library was state (meaning, taxpayer) funded, and they
were supported by paying users (as was the case in most of the world for most
of its history), then multiple libraries would compete for users by providing
the best service possible; hence, if one private library chose a bad
censorware, its users would switch to another private library.
Of course private libraries find it hard to compete with tax-funded "free"
ones on price.
In my opinion, employers like ML needn't use censorware to prevent you from
accessing, say, porn sites; as long as it doesn't interfere with your work
performance, who cares if you sit in your cubicle and ogle naked women (or
men) on a computer paid for by ML, together with its internet connection.
But if they choose to do so, and you don't like it, then you can 1) choose to
work for someone else, 2) pay $20/mo for your own internet connection; not run
to a federal judge whining that your employer violates your 1st amendment
rights by not paying for your access to non-work-related pornography.
What about ML telling its employees not to have games on their PCs?
What about ML telling its employees not to have any unlicenced software
on their PCs and not to download software from BBS/Internet because it
might contain viruses?
ML has some very confused people working for it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 11:19:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rich Graves and fight-censorship 
Because Declan McCulough wanted to be the biggest liar on his list and
didn't like the competition from Rich.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 11:20:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dishonorable ISPs censoring Usenet 
ISPs that pull users' plugs for "spamming" (which Chris Lewis et al define
as exsessive or inappropriate cross-posting or content) are obviously
engaging in content censorship.  Any ISP that how an "acceptable use policy"
that mentions "spam" in disparaging terms is full of shit and should be
boytcotted, blacklisted, and DOSed out ob business.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 11:21:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks (fwd) 
I suggest you get your facts straight.
LOC is for the Congress. Have you tried getting in and doing your own private
research? It's not piece of cake.
Every state has a public library NOW, just like every state has a welfare
office.  However I have plenty of evidence that libraries in New York were
much better when there were many private ones who charged patrons for use
- which was the case about 100 years ago.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 12:30:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks (fwd) 
[statist bullshit advocating government control of the libraries snipped]
If you insist on talking to yourself, please don't cc: the list.  Thanks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 12:45:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
Why should any state be in the business of owning and running any parks?
We pay $60/year for a family membership in an excellent private park.
Most public parks in NYC are extremely unpleasant and dangerous places.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 13:33:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
It shows that a Communist rifle doesn't allow us the freedom to lock and load.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 13:40:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
Why should the state be in the business of hauling away trash anyway?
I can sort of see why the state might insist that you don't pile your
trash where it smells and bothers the neighbors, and let the people find
their own ways of disposing of their garbage - presumably hiring one of
several competing private garbage hauling companies, any one of whom will
perform better service for less money than the state.
And if a homeowner decides to switch garbage collectors because he doesn't
like what his present garbage collector says in print (or on Usenet), that
should be pretty painless for him and not a 1st amendment issue.
Lock and load (or load and lock if you happen to carry an AK-47)
Did you know that AK stands for Avtomat Kalashnikova?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 13:50:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
I pay (the NYC+NYS income taxes) for the right to see the grass and the trees
in Central Park.  I haven't been there in years, but I hear every once in a
while about folks getting robbed, raped, and killed there. My late mother was
involved with the Central Park conservancy, so I know that unbelieavable
amounts of $$$ from taxes and private donations are used for patronage jobs
or get stolen outright. If it were up to me, I'd have the fucking thing
paved over/filled up and developed into lots of rental apartment units and a
few manageably small privatized parks.
The $60/annum we pay for the garden membership is a tiny fraction of the taxes
we pay; and we get a huge park with french-style flower beds, and an english-
style forest, a fish pond, one of the best rose gardens in the country, etc
- more stuff that one can see in a single day. The kids love it. I think it's
an excellent bargain, and less than we spend occasionally on a single dinner.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 23:13:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
During WWI the germans had something called "Big Bertha". It may have been
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-23 23:42:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
paul, it only makes sense according to my logic or your logic.
According to mark's logic (totally different) everyone should be
a government employee.
In Mark's world, that's the next best thing to not letting RealBig Corp
hire anyone at all, so it cannot "discriminate".  let the gubmint do all
the hiring.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 00:12:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Such rudeness on a public mailing list reflects very badly on your
employer, ml.com.  I invite everyone to join me in complaing to ml.com
about Colin Rafferty's abuse of ML's Internet services.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 05:04:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Hey Sameer,
Is it true what people have been saying about you and the camel on
the cypherpunks list?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 05:10:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Prostitution is legal in some jurisdictions (and will hopefully be legalized
in others), and is openly tolerated in most others.  My question is, does
Colin at ML feel that the prostitutes should be allowed to discriminate when
taking on clients?
Should a prostitute be allowed to refuse to serve black patrons?
Should she be allowed to refuse to serve bisexuals (who are more likely
to infect her with AIDS)?
Should she be allowed to discriminate against prospective clients who
smell bad?
"If you don't want to fuck everybody indiscriminately, don't become
a prostitute."
Sure he does.
Colin at ML reminds me in this respect of the attempt by Russian bolsheviks to
"nationalize" women after the 1917 revolution.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 05:12:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
The eye of the beholder.
I refuse to hire Colin at ML because I during the technical interview I asked him
the same questions I ask all other candidates, and he demonstrated his utter
ignorance and stupidity. Hence I discriminate against the clueless.
I refuse to hire Colin at ML because his skin lacks the appropriate pigmentation
(I presume: I know first-hand that very few blacks work for ML), and the
gubmint mandated that I set aside most of my contracts for folks with the
appropriate skin color. Am I discriminating against Colin at ML?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 05:24:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gilmore Publishes Strong Crypto Code Online for Authentication 
Talking about himself in the third person is a sure sign of a cocksucker.
"John wants to suck a big cock!" - John Gilmore
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 10:59:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
I suppose anything crypto-relevant (i.e. on topic for this list)
would be beyond the limits of a <*S0V0K*>'s comprehension.
I also suppose Sameer Parekh must be very upset that the fascist
US gubmint has censored his favorite sex symbol - Joe the Camel.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-24 13:41:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun (fwd) 
Here's a christmas card for all the gun nuts on this list...
                                       """""""
                         _________     O   C""
                        //-------\\   /_     \
L______________||O-----------------\   |____/_\ /
-----------------||||| =========== /\ ____\    v|\
                  OOOO-L______________          /
                    --____||||___\<
    (|-- |
                          ----
      ----.
     "   _}
     "@   >
\   7
     / `-- _         ,-------,****
  ~    >o<  \---------o{___}-
 /  |  \  /  ________/8'
  |       /         "
  /      |
    ___________  || o   > =====| === \
 ~Y/ =====-__|~==\|   U > ===   BULLET>
   / |L)~~~       \  ___ > ===== / === }
_|     BAM!    \_____/
     \         _            /
         \    |      /
            \ | /
    \       @      ______
__    __  (           .(      \  ---
   /   /  (      )  _____
    / (=-  .@
   /  /\    \_|l|_/ (\
  /  (=-\     |l|    /  \
 /    \  \.___|l|___/    \
      /\      |_|   /
     (=-\._________/\
      \             /
       \.__________/
           #       #
           #       #
           \
That's all I got... Sorry it ain't as good as the Timmy pictures.

@_date: 1997-12-24 13:41:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: It's the usual Libertarians-vs-Statists flame war!  Re: 
That's an interesting legal theory. I recall that when RSA (the republic
of south africa, not the company) mandated racial discrimination in workplace,
various US companies doing business there refused, and RSA didn't give them
any trouble (probably because they'd rather have them violate their laws than
leave altogether). Now, suppose a corporation incorporated someplace where
it's legal to refuse to hire coloreds opens an office in the US - is it not
subject to the same laws as the corporations from one of the 50 states
because it's so foreign??
Hmm! There are some pretty big partnerships. I used to be employed by GS
and by C&L, both of which are partnerships. Do you mean
they could discriminate against coloreds if they wanted to? I thought it
goes by the number of employees.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-25 08:59:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Press 
Disgusted with the censorous antics of Declan the Lying Forger, some of us may
be forgetting there are still some good journalists out there.
Today's newsday has an excellent article by Gail Dutton, reporting from the
AAAS's Conference ion Anoynmous Communications on the Internet.  She managed
to identify all the important issues in a ways that a layperson can understand,
without oversimplifying; presented different points of view, including her
own without editorializing and/or pushing her opinions as facts. I'm not
saying that Declan should learn from her, because Declan is clearly too
stupid to learn; but other aspiring journalists should get hold of this piece
and use it as a paradigm for their own writing.
I urge JYA the Copyright Violator to get hold of Newsday and to add Gail
Dutton's article to his collection of Copyright Violations.
Also: a guy named Joe Celko writes an SQL column for the freebie DBMS magazine,
which I sometimes read. Here's a short except from his january column:
   Crypto and Databases
   More and more raw databases are being sent out on CD-ROMs because the price
   per unit to publish them and the cost of equipment to read them is so low
   per byte.
   For example, you can get some fo the Miller Freeman magazines on CD-ROM,
   and one Miller Freeman magazine, Dr. Dobb's Journal ( has
   been very successful with software and textbook collections on CD-ROM. if
   you missed an issue when you went to the dentist's office, national
   Geographic and Misdscape are releasing 1078 years of national geogra[hic on
   30 CD-TROMs for $300 for educational institutions - every page of every
   issue. As of this writing, I do not have a price for individual buyers. For
   mroe informaiton contact Mindscae at  or
   800-231-3088.
   On the same subject, a U.K. company, PAN Technology Ltd
   ( has launched CopyLok, a method of copy protecting
   CDs. CopyLok prevents copying on CD recordable devices and on expensive
   Laser Beam Recorders that produce replicators, glass masters, and stampers
   for injection molding. In allows any information to be loaded on the hard
   disk of a computer, but will only allow that software to run if the
   original CD is in the drive. It stops friend-to-friend copying, illegal
   shop replication, and mass replication and also prevents Internet
   distribution.
   The product looks good and will be popular with PC software and computer
   game companies, which have to dal with software piracy rates in China and
   Vietnam of 96 percent and 99 percent, respectively. CopyLok is the reslt of
   three years of research, and is the first and only anticopying technology
   to have received Philips approval and a Philips' patent Application. it
   doesn't contravene any of the Philips worldwide standards for CD-ROM
   recording, such as the Yellow or Blue Book.
   The downside of all this is that part of the protection scheme uses strong
   cryptography to recognize the CD. The Clinton administration is still
   opposed to strong crypto, so U.S. companies could be put in a situation
   whee they have to publish their CD databases overseas to get protection.
   Once more, we disarm the victims and punish the innocent.
Hmm. Other than the observation that copy protection sucks (I broke it back
when it was used with 360K floppies and I'll break it on CDs if it's worth my
while), we observe that if the COpyLok software uses crypto to authenticate
the CD, not to encrypt the data, then it could be exported with no paperwork.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-25 14:27:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Tell that to Denney's restaurants. (No, not in the United Fascist
States of Amerika you can't.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-27 08:53:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
When the southern states passes laws in late 19th/early 20th century
mandating separate accommodations for blacks (the infamous back of the
bus), the businesses running the buses, streetcars, et al were extremely
opposed to this segregation, and were extremely happy to get rid of it
with the feds' help in 1960s. (I can dig up some citations if pressed.)
It's a pity there was no good constitutional challenge at the time -
given the climate, the SC would have probably said that a state can't
order a private business to discriminate or not to discriminate.
My recollection was that the folks accusing Denney's of "discrimination"
never won in court and shut up after Denney's made a large "donation" to
Jesse jackson's organization. I could be wrong. Still a "victory" in
court doesn't mean that the incident like the one you described is
statistically significant.
At about that time I was doing a project in Kentucky, and went to
Denny's with a very black friend, and had decent food and service. So?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-27 13:06:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Kwanzaa hijacked by white businesses... [CNN] 
Just as a side remark: why what standard are hallmark and giant foods "white"?
If they're like most big corporations, they probably bend over backwards to
promote blacks via "affirmative action" quotas, and have more blacks in
positions of responsibility than they possible could have if they based their
hiring decisions on merit. Evidently this is not good enough for racists
hatemongers like Jesse "Hymietown" Jackson and Louis Farrakhan.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-29 08:26:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Anonymizer and IRC 
I think it's been pretty well established on this mailing list than
Lance Cottrell is no friend of privacy and free speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-29 23:05:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NRA vs. KRA 
Remember the guy Sun Micro fired for posting "homophobic" jokes to Usenet?
Now I boycott Suns.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-30 12:37:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why I Support Microsoft 
This has no bloody crypto relevance, but the Applix word processor is
just as easy to use as Microsoft Word. (And somebody should write a
better free clone of MS Word as a student project.)
Moreover I've some extremely stupid people successfully trained to
use (character-mode) Wordperfect.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-31 01:20:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Anonymizer and IRC 
For those who didn't get it: the original complaint was written by one of the
many dissatisfied infonex customers, while the "anonymous" flame was
written by one of the many C2Net/parekh/cottrell/medusa shills.
Do not be confused by their using an anonymous remailer - they're an
enemy of anonymity, privacy, and free speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-01 08:10:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: List 
The old cypherpunks list no longer exists.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-01 08:10:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: David E. Smith / Known Flamer 
Dale is talking about the two messages from me that appeared on
the unedited list but did not appear on either censored or "flames"
list because Sandy chose not to forward them to either list.
Both messages dealt were criticial of Sandy's employer, C2, and
exposed their main product, Stronghold, as a fraud.
Other messages may have "fallen between the cracks" in the past,
but this was a controlled experiment.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-01 09:10:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Geiger and long, unreadable lines 
Notice how near every one else apart from yourself bends over for the NSA,
and is willing to use a 40-bit key "escrowed" with the feds?  Why is it so
difficult for you to keep under 40 bits? Would you like some technical
assistance? Why are you setting yourself apart from the Internet community
that so happily embraces GAK? Why do you desire "privacy" for your traffic
when everyone else does not? What have you got to hide? Are you looking to
transmit child pornography, bomb-making instructions, and/or cannabis
legalization propaganda? We better have a look at your hard disk soon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-01 21:50:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
If you're really paranoid, you can boot from a clean floppy and
reinstall everything from your backup tapes. You do have a
contingency plan in case your hard disk goes bad, or gets a
virus, don't you? Well, if you're in doubt, exercise it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:56:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
If you're really paranoid, you can boot from a clean floppy and
reinstall everything from your backup tapes. You do have a
contingency plan in case your hard disk goes bad, or gets a
virus, don't you? Well, if you're in doubt, exercise it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-02 07:11:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
On some computers it's possible to add executable code to the boot
sequence without replacing the actual ROM chip because they're
rewritiable. Examples: most Sun boxes; intel motherboards with
'flash bios'.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-02 07:24:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
You know one reason: Sandy makes sure that submissions critical of
his employer don't appear on *either* the censored or the flames
list (but result in lawyer letters). There probably are other reasons.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-02 07:55:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
On some computers it's possible to add executable code to the boot
sequence without replacing the actual ROM chip because they're
rewritiable. Examples: most Sun boxes; intel motherboards with
'flash bios'.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-02 21:30:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
Oksas, do you really believe in long-distance romance over the Internet?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-03 08:32:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
I wonder why this message by bill got auto-posted to the censored list,
while his very thoughtful and crypto-relevant post got canned?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-03 20:50:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
John Gilmore of EFF is a liar and a hypocrite who likes to claim credit for
other people's accomplishments.  He had nothing whatsoever to do with the
creation of the alt.* Usenet hierarchy. Gilmore is a liar and a censor.
On the other hand, creating an alt.cypherpunks sounds like a more robust
idea than yet another mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-04 20:12:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Geiger and long, unreadable lines 
My advice is to stay clear of any cryptosystem that relies on factoring
being hard. I'll send you pointers to some very interesting new work
based on the zeta function in private e-mail when I dig it up (please
remind me if/when I forget this promise). I'm reluctant to say anything
crypto-relevant on this defunct mailing list because last time I did,
the moderator repeatedly cited it as evidence that his moderation works.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-04 20:20:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation [Tim,Sandy] 
If I get really really drunk, which happens very seldom, then I'm
too drunk to post. I don't mind an occasional beer, though.
Oksas, have you ever tried beer? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:26:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation [Tim,Sandy] 
If I get really really drunk, which happens very seldom, then I'm
too drunk to post. I don't mind an occasional beer, though.
Oksas, have you ever tried beer? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:28:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Geiger and long, unreadable lines 
My advice is to stay clear of any cryptosystem that relies on factoring
being hard. I'll send you pointers to some very interesting new work
based on the zeta function in private e-mail when I dig it up (please
remind me if/when I forget this promise). I'm reluctant to say anything
crypto-relevant on this defunct mailing list because last time I did,
the moderator repeatedly cited it as evidence that his moderation works.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:22:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
Learn to use an anonymous remailer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:28:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Vote of Silence for Human Gus-Peter 
I volunteer to moderate cypherpunks at toad.com.
I'll use a 'bot (like Sandy uses a 'bot) to junk submissions from Gilmore,
Sandfart, and other known homosexuals, and pass on everything else.
It'll probably have better S/N that Sandy's censored list does now.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:28:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation [Tim,Sandy] 
I like an occasional Coors Lite.  BTW I think Limey Faggots are right about
one think: I like room-temperature beer better than cold beer. YMMV.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:28:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
mafia used to have a habit of hiring some lonely person do do work for them
(such as, set up their crypto infrastructure), then make him disappear, and he
won' be missed, and they won't have to pay for the work.  Bumping off the people
that you owe money to is bad for one's rep. I'd be reluctant to do consulting
for organized crime for this reason. Perhaps that's why the Feds have such easy
time wiretapping them. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:37:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Information Warfare 
Many of my f2f meetings with the people on and around this mailing lists were
at the InfoWarCon's. It's no secret that my research interests include IW (with
PsyOps and DOS). And what was Gilmore (spit, fart) doing there?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:37:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
This thread has no crypto-relevance, but Sandy the Asshole forwards it to the
censored list.  He also sends crypto-relevant threads to the flames list.
This will be the first post in this thread that Sandy the Asshole will junk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:01:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
Learn to use an anonymous remailer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:23:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Vote of Silence for Human Gus-Peter 
I volunteer to moderate cypherpunks at toad.com.
I'll use a 'bot (like Sandy uses a 'bot) to junk submissions from Gilmore,
Sandfart, and other known homosexuals, and pass on everything else.
It'll probably have better S/N that Sandy's censored list does now.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:23:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation [Tim,Sandy] 
I like an occasional Coors Lite.  BTW I think Limey Faggots are right about
one think: I like room-temperature beer better than cold beer. YMMV.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:25:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
mafia used to have a habit of hiring some lonely person do do work for them
(such as, set up their crypto infrastructure), then make him disappear, and he
won' be missed, and they won't have to pay for the work.  Bumping off the people
that you owe money to is bad for one's rep. I'd be reluctant to do consulting
for organized crime for this reason. Perhaps that's why the Feds have such easy
time wiretapping them. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:25:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
This thread has no crypto-relevance, but Sandy the Asshole forwards it to the
censored list.  He also sends crypto-relevant threads to the flames list.
This will be the first post in this thread that Sandy the Asshole will junk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:27:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Information Warfare 
Many of my f2f meetings with the people on and around this mailing lists were
at the InfoWarCon's. It's no secret that my research interests include IW (with
PsyOps and DOS). And what was Gilmore (spit, fart) doing there?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 15:20:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
Toilet seats in the state of free fall?
The stego on Sandy's moderated list blows my mind...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 16:25:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
Toilet seats in the state of free fall?
The stego on Sandy's moderated list blows my mind...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:01:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
Post as "nobody at nowhere.net", but mention e-mail address for replies
in the body of the article (or the signature).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:01:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
Sandy the asshole continues to forward crypto-irrelevant fluff to the censored
list as long as it's posted by his boyfriends:
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:03:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche? 
I think Bill Murray might take offense at being called an accountant.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:38:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
Post as "nobody at nowhere.net", but mention e-mail address for replies
in the body of the article (or the signature).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:39:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
Sandy the asshole continues to forward crypto-irrelevant fluff to the censored
list as long as it's posted by his boyfriends:
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:42:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche? 
I think Bill Murray might take offense at being called an accountant.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 06:01:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
And Sandy blows Sameer, and Greg blows John...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 06:05:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation [Tim,Sandy] 
I remember when one had trouble getting Coors in NY: had something to do
with their giving $$ to the Nicaragua contras and upsetting the
politically correct distributors.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 07:11:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" people? 
And Sandy blows Sameer, and Greg blows John...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 07:11:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation [Tim,Sandy] 
I remember when one had trouble getting Coors in NY: had something to do
with their giving $$ to the Nicaragua contras and upsetting the
politically correct distributors.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 08:41:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks spread chain letters 
Now the punks are sending me "good luck" letters...
What a bunch of losers. No wonder they bend over for Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 11:22:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks spread chain letters 
Now the punks are sending me "good luck" letters...
What a bunch of losers. No wonder they bend over for Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 19:40:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche? 
One of my first flame wars on Internet, some 15 years ago, was with
William H. Murray over my criticism of DES.  How time flies. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 20:12:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: True story, Fly the Obsfucted Skies (fwd) 
How can an Armenian eunich grow a bear? Even a faggy goatee?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 20:13:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: anonymous remailers 
Even if the feds are not directtly involved, the so-called "cypher punk"
remailers are run by people who should not be trusted.  Check out their
remailer-operators list: it's full of announcements that some specific
person posted something via the remailer that the operator didn't like.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 20:40:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: True story, Fly the Obsfucted Skies (fwd) 
How can an Armenian eunich grow a bear? Even a faggy goatee?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 20:40:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche? 
One of my first flame wars on Internet, some 15 years ago, was with
William H. Murray over my criticism of DES.  How time flies. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-06 20:41:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: anonymous remailers 
Even if the feds are not directtly involved, the so-called "cypher punk"
remailers are run by people who should not be trusted.  Check out their
remailer-operators list: it's full of announcements that some specific
person posted something via the remailer that the operator didn't like.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-08 08:26:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer-operators DEA agents? 
Sandy the C2Net Censor tossed the following question to flames:
Plenty. There was a whole thread about the operator of the defunct lead
remailer disclosing his users' identities. Here's a recent one:
]Received: from get.wired.com (HELO wired.com) (204.62.131.5)
]  by anon.lcs.mit.edu with SMTP; 6 Feb 1997 23:37:35 -0000
]Received: from avenger.hotwired.com (avenger.hotwired.com [206.221.193.5]) by wired.com (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id PAA09050; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 15:37:34 -0800 (PST)
]Message-Id: <3.0.32.19970206160603.0086acb0 at get.hotwired.com>
]X-Sender: toxic at get.hotwired.com
]X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 3.0 (32)
]Date: Thu, 06 Feb 1997 16:06:04 -0800
]To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
]From: toxic at hotwired.com (Jeff Burchell)
]Subject: Commercial SPAM from ClaritaInc at aol.com
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
]Tofu trapped a bunch of shit coming from ClaritaInc at aol.com.  They're
]posting to usenet, advertising things for sale (Including a $10 pamphlet
]explaining how to send anonymous internet email, and the standard
]make.money.fast chainletter scheme)
]I've source blocked them, I suggest you do the same.
Jeff also said the following, which seems to contradict the above:
]Delivered-To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
]Received: from get.wired.com (HELO wired.com) (204.62.131.5)
]  by anon.lcs.mit.edu with SMTP; 7 Feb 1997 01:17:48 -0000
]Received: from avenger.hotwired.com (avenger.hotwired.com [206.221.193.5]) by wired.com (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id RAA26127; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 17:17:47 -0800 (PST)
]Message-Id: <3.0.32.19970206174616.0086c8e0 at get.hotwired.com>
]X-Sender: toxic at get.hotwired.com
]X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 3.0 (32)
]Date: Thu, 06 Feb 1997 17:46:16 -0800
]To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
]From: toxic at hotwired.com (Jeff Burchell)
]Subject: Useage Policy.
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
]I'm in the process of setting up an autoresponder on the
]abuse at mailmasher.com address.  I'd appreciate people's feedback to this
]autoresponder message, and the policies that it describes...
]Hi.  This is in regards to a letter you sent to abuse at mailmasher.com.  I
]hate autoresponders too, but I=92ve found that this is a special case and is
]probably warranted.
]I=92ve been running anonymous services for a couple of years now, and have
]answered thousands of pieces of email regarding MailMasher users.  Please
]take my word on this one, you really need to at least skim the rest of this
]I will read your email, I promise.  However, if your email can be answered
]by something that is contained in THIS message, I won=92t respond to it.
]Sorry.  I run MailMasher as sort of a hobby, while holding down a dayjob
]and I really don=92t have time to answer all mail personally.
]And now on to the important stuff=85
]First, the answer to the most frequently asked MailMasher question=85  If a
]user of the MailMasher is Harassing or otherwise bothering you,  it can be
]stopped.  Send a blank message to blockme at mailmasher.com.  Your email
]address will be added to a list of addresses that MailMasher will refuse to
]mail to, and you=92ll never get anything from here again.
]MailMasher is an anonymous service.  This means that even I don=92t know who
]is using it.  Any internet user can use a web interface to create an
]anonymous MailMasher email account.  I don=92t ask them who they are, and my
]machine doesn=92t keeps logs that could be used to identify users.  So
]please, don=92t ask me to identify a user.  I can=92t do it.=20
]I also don=92t filter anything for content.  Several years ago, in what has
]now come to be known as the Prodigy case (Stratton-Oakmont & Porush v.
]Prodigy.  Details at
] )   A
]legal standard was set.  Basically, if a service provider deletes posts,
]intercepts emails or otherwise tries to exercise editorial control over any
]of its users, then the service provider can be held responsible for ALL of
]the content that goes through the service.  MailMasher transfers around
]10,000 messages a day.  It is impossible for me to monitor traffic like
]that.  Therefore, I do not even know what most MailMasher users are using
]their accounts for.  It really isn=92t any of my business, and because I
]don=92t make it my business, legally, I can=92t be held responsible for the
]actions of MailMasher users.
]I also don=92t delete accounts.  Because, when I delete an account, the user
]can always come right back and create another one with a different address.
] If someone is going to be behaving badly on the Internet, I for one would
]prefer that they always do it from the same email address, so I can just
]add them to my killfile or email filters.
]So, to summarize:
]1.  I intentionally have made it impossible for anyone, including myself to
]determine the identities of MailMasher users.
]2.  I will not under any circumstances monitor a user or delete an account.
]3.  I will make a good faith effort to keep you from being bothered by
]MailMasher users,  through the use of a destination block filter.
]4.  I neither condone nor condemn any action taken by any MailMasher user,
]either in conjunction with their MailMasher use or not.
]So=85 you ask,  Why would I want to run a service that lets the spammers, an=
]the porn freaks, and the warez kiddies do their thing?  The answer is
]simple: because it also allows for much much more.  A MailMasher user can
]communicate without repercussions to people all over the world.  I have
]received many thank-yous from users sometimes explaining what they used my
]service for.  There are people in certain countries who have a very
]legitimate fear of speaking out, who use this and other anonymous services
]to communicate with the U.S.  Countless people have used anonymous services
]to very openly discuss items that are considered secret to certain members
]of the Church of Scientology.  Victims of all sorts of abuse can speak
]truly anonymously (sometimes for the first time).  Even abusers can speak
]freely, which helps with recovery.
]It is for these examples that I run this service.  I think a little noise
]and junk is a small price to pay for all of this.  You take the good with
]the bad.
]This is free speech in one of its most raw forms, staring you in the face.
]You may not like it; It may offend you; It might even encourage illegal
]behavior, but it is speech, and in the United States, it is protected by
]the Constitution. =20
]Thank you for your time.  If you=92d like to contact me again, without
]tripping this autoresponder, send mail to remailer-admin at mailmasher.com.
]-Jeff Burchell,  MailMasher Admin
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-08 09:22:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: John Gilmore fellated farm animals 
Dear Hui,
Just send a few e-mails critical of Cygnus Support (Gilmore's company),
or C2Net (Parekh's company, that also employs Sandfart and Broils).
They'll kick you off their mailing list in no time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-08 09:23:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
Also not "all" messages are posted.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-08 09:23:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
I actually liked most of what TCM wrote (even when not crypto-relevant)
and find myself missing his essays.  He was wrong to start flaming me for
no reason and to attribute to me stuff I never said; but we all make
mistakes and can get over them.
Saying bullshit about people (like Tim saying bullshit about me and
me saying bullshit about people) is one thing; it can be fun, or it
can be annoying when taken to extremes; but I've never sought
to silence Tim, and have no hard evidence that he tried to silence
P.S. CMEPTb COBKAM!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-08 09:25:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
I continue to think that Timmy is a liar and a jerk, yet I continue to
defend his freedom of speech.
I had set out to expose Gilmore and his friends as evil, and I've succeded.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-08 14:10:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: META: Censorship is Going Way too Far 
I'm not your fellow "cypher punk".
What makes me different from a "cypher punk" is that a "cypher punk"
like Timmy begins to squirm only when his own freedom of speech is
threatened. The concept of defending someone else's freedom, even if
he doesn't share that person's views, is totally alien to Timmy.
Like I said before, any censorship is "too much" censorship, just like
a woman can't be just a little bit pregnant.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-09 08:20:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: On "spammers" and "anti-spammers" 
Path: perun!dlv
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.misc,news.admin.net-abuse.e-mail,news.groups,news.admin.misc,news.admin.censorship,alt.fan.karl-malden.nose,soc.culture.russian
Organization: Death Camp Several days ago one Robert Hicks, DM Group, Direct Marketing Management, 2774
National Pkwy, Brunswick, Ohio, retained one Thomas Gallman, Telysis
Communications Ltd, to do a mass e-mail for them. Unfortunately, Telesys made
a small typo when sending out their mass e-mail. DM Group's domain address is
"dm1.com" and our domain address is "dm.com" (no digit). That happens a lot,
and not always accidentally. Malcontents like Peter da Silva, Chris Lewis of
BNR.CA, John Gilmore of EFF/Cygnus Support, Ray Arachelian of Earthlink.com,
Sandy Sandfart of C2Net, Peter Vorobieff of LANL.GOV, and other well-known
liars and forgers intentionally forge garbage traffic on the Internet with
their enemies' domain names (including ours) and later complain about their
own forgeries.
I was surprised by Telysis's unintentional error, but I hold no grudge
against them. However as the result of their mass mailing our site has
received hundreds of flames from the self-appointed net.cops, ending up in
mailboxes "postmaster" and "orphan" (sent to a non-existent mailbox
"freeway at dm.com"). Many such flames were also sent to PSI, our upstream site.
I am fairly dissatisfied with the way PSI handled this and other incidents
involving forged traffic made to look like it came from dm.com. Their lines
include "we've been receiving a lot of complaints about you" (and it doesn't
matter whether any complaints are true) and "if you prove that this traffic
did not originate at your site, then we won't hold you responsible" and
"These messages are unwelcome intrusions that violate unwritten rules of the
Internet, and are strongly resented. Please confirm that you are aware of
these complaints and are taking measures to stop this practice."
I also noticed a sharp contrast between the polite letter send out by
dm1.com (who were trying to sell something, I presume; and you don't sell
anything if you're rude to prospective clients) and the obnoxious, obscene,
and threatening responses the net.cops sent to our site. I will quote a
selection of these complaints to illustrate the kind of abuse many ISPs are
subjected to. Please observe that one of the complainers claims to have
received "death threats" from a nonexistent account at our site, several
others claim to have received such junk e-mail from our site before, etc.
If your e-mail to dm.com is quoted below, please consider the following:
If someone sends you junk e-mail, it does not make it OK to send abusive
and threatening e-mail to (what you believe to be) the spammer's ISP.
Please try to use better manners, even when you deal with behavior that
you consider to be rude.
Received: from localhost (vinylot at localhost) by panix.com (8.8.5/8.7/PanixU1.3) with SMTP id PAA18512; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 15:19:07 -0500 (EST)
Hey assholes why dont you configure yer  fuckin spam properly so that when
we try to remove ouselves from the list we don't get even more unwanted
you scumbags
Received: from localhost (vinylot at localhost) by panix.com (8.8.5/8.7/PanixU1.3) with SMTP id VAA23841; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 21:32:23 -0500 (EST)
I see your customer has made themselves unreachable via email, in
addition to sending out extremely annoying spam...
I'm just sending this note to let u know that I *am not* making any death
Received: (from semmett at localhost) by adams.patriot.net (8.7.4/8.7.3) id LAA11132; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 11:10:04 -0500
        postmaster at telysis3.telysis.com, abuse at telysis3.telysis.com,
        freeway at dm.com
I just sent you a rejection before realizing that YOU have already
spammed me and I have already given you a previous notice (28 January 1997).
Therefore, since you have SPAMMED me again, you have accepted the terms
of my licencing agreement you previously received from me - to wit, each
subsequent use (including this most recent one) are now subject to a
$1000 per-use fee.
You have failed to provide a valid US Postal Address as required by the
licence.  You will immediately provide the address so that I can send you
a bill.
Violation of this license agreement is cause for civil suit.
You are now on notice to immediately comply with the terms of the
licensing agreement.
Received: by tfs.com (smail3.1.28.1)
This is the second instance of this unsolicited, commercial e-mail
I've received.  The first was from Freeway4 at dm1.com, the second,
identical message from what appears to be the same user.
Both times, I've responded, as instructed, to be removed from this
user's mailing list.
Please remove me from your current mailing list, and do not include
me in future lists.
Thank you for your cooperation.
hiha at tfs.com
Received: from bubbas.vnet.net (vts-cat1-s1.vnet.net [166.82.120.221]) by jazzmin.vnet.net (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id IAA16984; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 08:52:06 -0500 (EST)
        Please do something to stop this spammer.  This is the second
message I've recieved from this dude.  The whole message is below.
Received: from ioceram.jetcity.com (annex01-06.jetcity.com [204.201.228.106]) by jetcity.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id OAA21385; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 14:47:53 -0800
Comments: Authenticated sender is Organization: Procrastinate Later
This user has repeatedly sent me unsolicited advertising, even after
I requested that they stop.   I consider this a clear example of
harrassment and net abuse.
I request that you warn your customer or take the proper
diciplinary action.   This kind of activity (SPAMMING) is extremely
frowned upon by the net in general, and one request to this person
should be enough for them to remove me from their mailing list,
especially since I did not request to be on it in the first place.
Often this will result in the removal of the account in question.
I promised to follow up with this action if they repeated, and so
here it is.
I would apprecate a reply to this email within 1 week.
Bryce Conner
Received: (from nuucp at localhost) by gateway.ycrdi.com (8.7.3/8.6.12) id KAA13226; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 10:49:14 -0500 (EST)
Reply-To: ralph_muha at ycrdi.com
Organization: Young Chang R & D Institute
please keep this crap out of my mailbox!
Received: from koko (unverified [202.128.5.10]) by  (EMWAC SMTPRS 0.83) with SMTP id ;
 Fri, 07 Feb 1997 00:42:38 +1000
Comments: Authenticated sender is Organization: Latte Net Communications
tell this asshole to take me off his GD list.
thank you.
alex fields
Received: from nwlink.com (ip061.tu1.nwlink.com [206.129.228.61]) by montana.nwlink.com (8.8.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id IAA02282; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 08:48:39 -0800 (PST)
        postmaster at 206.222.107.196, postmaster at dm1.com
Organization: Polymorph Digital Photography and Electronics
I recieved the following unsolicited Email today. Please take the
appropriate action. I am sick and tired of receiving multiple
"junk" emails every day, despite the fact that my signature always
includes info indicating that I do not welcome them, and in fact
will not do business with anyone who does business this way.
Steve Greenfield
redbeard at nwlink.com
If you don't want my business, go ahead and junk Email.
If you never want income from me, go ahead and spam.
Received: from gabubba.paradise.net (gabubba at adial095.paradise.net [205.216.68.95]) by q.paradise.net (8.7/8.6.12) with SMTP id MAA21198; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 12:18:13 -0500
Dear Postmaster,
I received the following unsolicited e-mail, please ensure that this person
no longer sends unsolicited e-mail.  If I receive another message from this
user, I will refer it to the proper autorities for investigation as an
illegl scam.
   Bubba   "bubba69"  or "BearPiss" on IRC, Atlanta, Georgia, USA
   40 year old, big ol' cub's face fuckin', cigar smokin' tattooed
   leather top daddy bear, 6'2", 240 38" 501's, blue eyes, furry,
   BUSHY greying beard and 'stache, flags left black, red, and yellow,
   in Atlanta, GA
   If you enjoy bearcodes:  B8 f+ t+ w+  d+ g++ k++
Received: by ip143.van5.pacifier.com with Microsoft Mail
        "'freeway at 206.222.107.196'"
        "'freeway at dm.com'" This is a formal notice that bulk email is NOT to be sent to
tonyf at pacifier.com  It is not wanted.  Any UCE coming from you or any
clients of yours will be considered harassment.  Not only will a bill for
my service charge of $250 be received by you, but a criminal complaint
will be filed as well.
COMMERCIAL EMAIL IS NOT WANTED AT THIS ACCOUNT OR ANY OTHER ACCOUNT HELD
BY ANTHONY FOULKE.  This is your ONLY notice.
--Anthony Foulke
  All unsolicited commercial e-mail coming to this account is subject to a
     service charge of $250 per piece of mail. Sending any UCE to this
             account constitutes acceptance of these terms.
Received: from localhost (snakeman at localhost) by thecore.com (8.7.1/8.7.1) with SMTP id SAA00892 for ; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 18:22:58 -0500 (EST)
If you do not wish your mailbox to be flooded with complaints, and,
possibly, unix kernels - please take the appropriate action with
the below user who is spamming mailboxes. Any further posts from that user
will result in a campaign on Usenet to ban your site.
Received: from h.m.ginsberg.worldnet.att.net ([207.146.7.96])
          by mtigwc01.worldnet.att.net (post.office MTA v2.0 0613 )
          with SMTP id AAA28725; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 21:45:53 +0000
Organization: Amateur Radio Operator W1HG/4
PLEASE IMMEDIATELY REMOVE ME FROM YOUR MAILING LIST.
ANY FURTHER E-MAILS FROM YOU WILL RESULT IN THE AUTOMATIC GENERATION OF
A MINIMUM OF 10,000+ E-MAILS TO YOU ON A DAILY BASIS.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR IMMEDIATE COOPERATION.
Received: from localhost (8.8.4/8.8.4) with ESMTP id JAA16508; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 09:36:27 -0500
        domain-fee-contact at PSI.COM, postmaster at TELYSIS.COM
Please remove me from your junk mailing list.  If you are not the
originator of this message, you may wish to know that a spammer is
making use of your mail system.  ISPs please consider having an
``Acceptable Use'' policy that forbids spamming.
This junk mail appears to be from:
freeway at 206.222.107.196
To a junk mailing list maintained by:
freeway at dm.com
And appears to have been injected into the mail system at:
Accordingly, the following addresses have been notified:
postmaster at dm.com
psinet-domain-admin at PSI.COM
hostinfo at psi.com
domain-fee-contact at PSI.COM
postmaster at TELYSIS.COM
Further mail from freeway at 206.222.107.196 will be automatically
forwarded to the above addresses, and possibly to sites that maintain
lists of abusive spammers.  Mail from this address WILL NOT BE SEEN BY
This is an automated message.
Received: from BHeaton (dtp01-21.txdirect.net [204.57.92.245]) by legend.txdirect.net (8.8.5/8.8.3) with SMTP id KAA18681; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 10:06:02 -0600 (CST)
        Remove me from all mailings managed by you company immediately.
This is my second request.  Any further mailings from your organization
will result in further action.
PSI - This network abuser is a client of your service.  I would appreciate
a notification of the action taken agains this organization.
                                BDH
Received: from [207.8.3.19] by jump.net (8.8.4/BERK-6.8.11)
I don't want any free stuff.
In fact, I'm quite put out that I'm getting this junk.
I'm copying your postmaster on the off chance that it's not you, on the
hopes that you'll get a stern talking to or perhaps even removal from your
Spamming like this is VERY frowned upon.
It appears (as I've now received several of these 'type REMOVE' type
messages) that someone is selling my email address.  I would appreciate, if
that is the case, that you send me their name and/or number and/or email
address so that I can let them know personally my feelings.
I also recommend, if that is indeed the case, that you contact the BBB and
your State Comptroller and see what can be done about capturing the
Good luck with the barrage of nasty messages you're about to receive.
Received: (from egburr at localhost) by kiowa.wildstar.net (8.8.3/8.7.3) id IAA21628; Fri, 7 Feb 1997 08:53:09 -0600
        psinet-domain-admin at PSI.COM, info at DM1.COM, root at CLEVER.NET,
        root at ACSI.NET, postmaster at ACSI.NET, abuse at ACSI.NET
        postmaster at dm.com, abuse at dm.com, root at DM1.COM, postmaster at DM1.COM,
        abuse at DM1.COM
Dear junk email spammer, please REMOVE ME FROM YOUR MAILING LIST
IMMEDIATELY.  I charge for reading unsolicited email advertising.
I did not sign up for this, and I should not have to request to
not be made a victim of this.  I have a limited amout of disk space
available to me, and your junk email is wasting some of it.
By the way, you really need to fix your clock; the current year
is 1997.
POSTMASTER/SYSADMIN: Please archive this notice in case I need
proof that I sent it and it was received at your site.  Thank you.
ACSI.NET         You are the last nameserved host along the route
                 to the originating IP address of this spam.
TELYSIS.COM      You are the originating mail server.
DM.COM (PSI.COM) You are who this spam is supposedly TO; this
                 indicates you are probably being used as a mail list
                 forwarder.
DM1.COM (CLEVER.NET) You are hosting this spammer's web site.
(offending junk email spam below...)
--/Edward Burr/-------------------+----------------------------------
 \                               / \                               /
    \ Unless otherwise noted, all opinions here are solely my own./
Received: from vfg-pa1-10.ix.netcom.com (vfg-pa1-10.ix.netcom.com [205.184.1.42]) by dfw-ix2.ix.netcom.com (8.6.13/8.6.12) with SMTP id XAA13579 for ; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 23:49:17 -0800
Dear Postmaster,
your clients list, yet I am still receiving unsolicited email
advertising from them. This is in direct violation of US CODE TITLE 47
under which I may collect 500 dollars for each occurrence. Please look
into this and get back to me prior to my filing charges against you
and your client for this continued harassment.
Received: (from hazmat at localhost) by nsa.ecosoft.com (8.8.3/8.8.3) id JAA02044; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 09:17:22 -0500 (EST)
This is a spam is is hopefully grounds for immediate termination
of your account.  People like you make the Internet a place that
is not very fun anymore.
hazmat at shore.net               Shore.Net Web Administration
webmaster at shore.net             "...and the number of the beast is vivivi...."
Received: from [206.80.13.141] (sfmax2-141.ppp.wenet.net [206.80.13.141]) by mom.hooked.net (8.8.0/8.7.3) with ESMTP id NAA20127 for ; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 13:13:34 -0800 (PST)
X-Sender: acates at mailhost.hooked.net
I tried to remove myself from this listing but I can't!!  I did NOT signup
to be on this list and I don't want this tye of crap in my e-mail box.  I
got a message saying that the address my "REMOVE: e-mail went to did not
get there.  I recently got this e-mail:
Received: from RICHARD.COMP-UNLTD.COM (richard.comp-unltd.com [204.212.166.234]) by cu.imt.net (8.7.3/8.6.12) with ESMTP id IAA12115; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 08:28:34 -0700 (MST)
Offense under US code Title 47, Sec 227(b) (1) (C)
I have recently received UNSOLICITED and UNWANTED junk e-mail from an
individual who appears to be using your site.  A copy of that mail is
attached herewith.  Junk Mail is now regarded as the same as unwanted and
unsolicited junk faxes and telemarketing calls - all of which are now
ILLEGAL under US federal law:
     By US Code Title 47, Sec.227(a)(2)(B), a computer/modem/printer
     meets the definition of a telephone fax machine. By Sec.227(b)
     (1)(C), it is unlawful to send any unsolicited advertisement to
     such equipment, punishable by action to recover actual monetary
     loss, or $500, whichever is greater, for EACH violation.
Please ensure this is stopped NOW.  You have been put on notice.  If you
confirm to me promptly that effective action has been taken against those
persons responsible, I will not take the matter further on this occasion.
If you do not provide me with such confirmation in a timely manner, or if
ANY further UNSOLICITED or UNWANTED junk mail should be received from your
site, I will instruct my attorney to issue a writ WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE,
and the matter will then be pursued under federal law.  I will separately
notify your upstream providers as they may also be liable for violations
originating from your site.
Received: from lawr40.static.usit.net (lawr40.static.usit.net [199.1.57.110]) by SMTP.USIT.NET (8.7.5/8.6.12) with SMTP id BAA14481; Fri, 7 Feb 1997 01:27:48 -0500 (EST)
        dm.com at abuse.networks.net, freeway at 206.222.107.196, freeway at dm.com,
        postmaster postmaster at dm1.com,
        postmaster at telysis3.telysis.com,
        telysis3.telysis.com at abuse.networks.net
I have recently received UNSOLICITED and UNWANTED junk e-mail from an
individual who appears to be using your site.  A copy of that mail is
attached herewith.  Junk Mail is now regarded as the same as unwanted
and unsolicited junk faxes and telemarketing calls - all of which are
now ILLEGAL under US federal law:
     By US Code Title 47, Sec.227(a)(2)(B), a computer/modem/printer
     meets the definition of a telephone fax machine. By Sec.227(b)
     (1)(C), it is unlawful to send any unsolicited advertisement to
     such equipment, punishable by action to recover actual monetary
     loss, or $500, whichever is greater, for EACH violation.
Please ensure this is stopped NOW.  You have been put on notice.  If you
confirm to me promptly that effective action has been taken against those
persons responsible, I will not take the matter further on this occasion.
If you do not provide me with such confirmation in a timely manner, or if
ANY further UNSOLICITED or UNWANTED junk mail should be received from =
site, I may instruct my attorney to issue a writ WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE,
and the matter will then be pursued under federal law.  I will separately
notify your upstream providers as they may also be liable for violations
originating from your site.
Received: from gregspc (isabella-57.pagesz.net [208.194.157.57]) by pagesz.net (8.8.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id UAA08671; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 20:07:09 -0500
        abuse at dm1.com, abuse at telysis.com, abuse at telysis3.telysis.com,
        B0000008256 at telysis3.telysis.com, dm.com at abuse.networks.net,
        freeway at 206.222.107.196, freeway at dm.com, postmaster at 206.222.107.196,
        postmaster at dm.com, postmaster at dm1.com, postmaster at telysis.com,
        postmaster at telysis3.telysis.com,
        telysis3.telysis.com at abuse.networks.net
I have recently received UNSOLICITED and UNWANTED junk e-mail from an
individual who appears to be using your site.  A copy of that mail is
attached herewith.  Junk Mail is now regarded as the same as unwanted
and unsolicited junk faxes and telemarketing calls - all of which are
now ILLEGAL under US federal law:
     By US Code Title 47, Sec.227(a)(2)(B), a computer/modem/printer
     meets the definition of a telephone fax machine. By Sec.227(b)
     (1)(C), it is unlawful to send any unsolicited advertisement to
     such equipment, punishable by action to recover actual monetary
     loss, or $500, whichever is greater, for EACH violation.
Please ensure this is stopped NOW.  You have been put on notice.  If you
confirm to me promptly that effective action has been taken against
persons responsible, I will not take the matter further on this
If you do not provide me with such confirmation in a timely manner, or
ANY further UNSOLICITED or UNWANTED junk mail should be received from
site, I will instruct my attorney to issue a writ WITHOUT FURTHER
and the matter will then be pursued under federal law.  I will
notify your upstream providers as they may also be liable for violations
originating from your site.
Received: from kohn-b (cnc129043.concentric.net [206.173.9.43])
Reply-To: Please note that your subscriber "freeway" is sending out unsolicited
commercial solicitations.  Besides the legal issues, it is not appreciated.
 Please address this issue with your subscriber.
Received: (from larry at localhost) by casper.tvinet.com (8.8.4/8.8.2) id QAA26259; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 16:51:18 -0800 (PST)
Bugger off
Received: from frankenputer (pmnet02-08.austin.texas.net [207.207.2.8]) by natashya.eden.com (8.8.5/8.8.1) with SMTP id SAA15421; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 18:58:00 -0600 (CST)
To whom it may concern,
I received this *unsolicited* SPAM mail originating from or referencing
your domain. I do *not* appreciate receiving such junk mail. I request that
you take whatever steps are necessary with the account holder to see that
they desist such abuses.
   Thank you,
   John Webb
SOMEONE AT THIS DOMAIN HAS BEEN SENDING UNSOLICITED E-MAIL ADVERTISING.
TELL THEM TO CEASE AND DESIST IMMEDIATELY.
Member, Internet Advertising Relief Association
Received: from benicia60.castles.com (benicia60.castles.com [206.54.43.80]) by mustang.via.net (8.6.9/8.6.9) with SMTP id WAA26381; Sat, 8 Feb 1997 22:12:37 -0800
This email is to notify you that one of the domains and/or
users that you are resolving for is sending SPAM email.
The email included below was unsolicited and unwelcome.
I presume that you have policies regarding this type of
activity and will take appropriate action.
Thank you,
-brad albom
Software Engineering Solutions, Inc
2685 Marine Way, Suite 1215, Mountain View, CA 94043
email: brada at sesinc.com  <- Office address
alt  : brada at via.net     <- Home address, checked more frequently
phone: (415) 969-0141
alt  : (707) 552-5248

@_date: 1997-02-09 11:10:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is Sandy really censoring criticisms of Stronghold, his product? 
Please post Sandfart's e-mail to this mailing list.  Thank you.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-09 18:41:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: POST: The Frightening Dangers of Moderation 
I don't think this guy is for real... No one's that stupid.
Must be another Gilmore tentacle.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-09 20:00:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ANON: anonymizer.com thru proxy server is bad news 
Isn't this "anonymizer" run by Sameer Parekh and his C2Net? It figures...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-10 14:06:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: John Gilmore sexually molests small children 
Blaming Sandy Sandfart for his outrageous acts and forgetting about John
Gilmore and Sameer parekh is like blaming Eichmann and forgetting Adolf
Hitler - the great vegetarian, many of whose subordinates said at Nuremberg,
"I was only following my orders!"
Show some compassion, you you. :-) If C2Net folds and/or if Sameer fires
Sandy for blowing the "moderation experiment", Sandy might have difficulty
finding anothr job. Is he on Timmy May's "don't hire" list?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-10 17:40:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: BCQ B/\ACTb COBKAM!!! 
_
HA XYU COBKOB!!!
Lying cocksucker John Gilmore sodomizes waterfowl.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-10 18:00:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: this has gone on long enough 
Given the recent activities by John Gilmore, extreme mistrust is in order.
John, you are a lying asshole and your reputation is shit.
By the way: a number of people asked me for the references on some of the
new codes which I believe will replace factorization. Check out US Patent
5,577,124, "A Multi-Purpose High Speed Cryptographically Secure Sequence
Generator Based on One-Way Zeta Functions". Very exciting reading.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-11 05:56:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer-operators DEA agents? 
Sandy the C2Net Censor tossed the following question to flames:
Plenty. There was a whole thread about the operator of the defunct lead
remailer disclosing his users' identities. Here's a recent one:
]Received: from get.wired.com (HELO wired.com) (204.62.131.5)
]  by anon.lcs.mit.edu with SMTP; 6 Feb 1997 23:37:35 -0000
]Received: from avenger.hotwired.com (avenger.hotwired.com [206.221.193.5]) by wired.com (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id PAA09050; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 15:37:34 -0800 (PST)
]Message-Id: <3.0.32.19970206160603.0086acb0 at get.hotwired.com>
]X-Sender: toxic at get.hotwired.com
]X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 3.0 (32)
]Date: Thu, 06 Feb 1997 16:06:04 -0800
]To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
]From: toxic at hotwired.com (Jeff Burchell)
]Subject: Commercial SPAM from ClaritaInc at aol.com
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
]Tofu trapped a bunch of shit coming from ClaritaInc at aol.com.  They're
]posting to usenet, advertising things for sale (Including a $10 pamphlet
]explaining how to send anonymous internet email, and the standard
]make.money.fast chainletter scheme)
]I've source blocked them, I suggest you do the same.
Jeff also said the following, which seems to contradict the above:
]Delivered-To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
]Received: from get.wired.com (HELO wired.com) (204.62.131.5)
]  by anon.lcs.mit.edu with SMTP; 7 Feb 1997 01:17:48 -0000
]Received: from avenger.hotwired.com (avenger.hotwired.com [206.221.193.5]) by wired.com (8.7.6/8.7.3) with SMTP id RAA26127; Thu, 6 Feb 1997 17:17:47 -0800 (PST)
]Message-Id: <3.0.32.19970206174616.0086c8e0 at get.hotwired.com>
]X-Sender: toxic at get.hotwired.com
]X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 3.0 (32)
]Date: Thu, 06 Feb 1997 17:46:16 -0800
]To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
]From: toxic at hotwired.com (Jeff Burchell)
]Subject: Useage Policy.
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
]I'm in the process of setting up an autoresponder on the
]abuse at mailmasher.com address.  I'd appreciate people's feedback to this
]autoresponder message, and the policies that it describes...
]Hi.  This is in regards to a letter you sent to abuse at mailmasher.com.  I
]hate autoresponders too, but I=92ve found that this is a special case and is
]probably warranted.
]I=92ve been running anonymous services for a couple of years now, and have
]answered thousands of pieces of email regarding MailMasher users.  Please
]take my word on this one, you really need to at least skim the rest of this
]I will read your email, I promise.  However, if your email can be answered
]by something that is contained in THIS message, I won=92t respond to it.
]Sorry.  I run MailMasher as sort of a hobby, while holding down a dayjob
]and I really don=92t have time to answer all mail personally.
]And now on to the important stuff=85
]First, the answer to the most frequently asked MailMasher question=85  If a
]user of the MailMasher is Harassing or otherwise bothering you,  it can be
]stopped.  Send a blank message to blockme at mailmasher.com.  Your email
]address will be added to a list of addresses that MailMasher will refuse to
]mail to, and you=92ll never get anything from here again.
]MailMasher is an anonymous service.  This means that even I don=92t know who
]is using it.  Any internet user can use a web interface to create an
]anonymous MailMasher email account.  I don=92t ask them who they are, and my
]machine doesn=92t keeps logs that could be used to identify users.  So
]please, don=92t ask me to identify a user.  I can=92t do it.=20
]I also don=92t filter anything for content.  Several years ago, in what has
]now come to be known as the Prodigy case (Stratton-Oakmont & Porush v.
]Prodigy.  Details at
] )   A
]legal standard was set.  Basically, if a service provider deletes posts,
]intercepts emails or otherwise tries to exercise editorial control over any
]of its users, then the service provider can be held responsible for ALL of
]the content that goes through the service.  MailMasher transfers around
]10,000 messages a day.  It is impossible for me to monitor traffic like
]that.  Therefore, I do not even know what most MailMasher users are using
]their accounts for.  It really isn=92t any of my business, and because I
]don=92t make it my business, legally, I can=92t be held responsible for the
]actions of MailMasher users.
]I also don=92t delete accounts.  Because, when I delete an account, the user
]can always come right back and create another one with a different address.
] If someone is going to be behaving badly on the Internet, I for one would
]prefer that they always do it from the same email address, so I can just
]add them to my killfile or email filters.
]So, to summarize:
]1.  I intentionally have made it impossible for anyone, including myself to
]determine the identities of MailMasher users.
]2.  I will not under any circumstances monitor a user or delete an account.
]3.  I will make a good faith effort to keep you from being bothered by
]MailMasher users,  through the use of a destination block filter.
]4.  I neither condone nor condemn any action taken by any MailMasher user,
]either in conjunction with their MailMasher use or not.
]So=85 you ask,  Why would I want to run a service that lets the spammers, an=
]the porn freaks, and the warez kiddies do their thing?  The answer is
]simple: because it also allows for much much more.  A MailMasher user can
]communicate without repercussions to people all over the world.  I have
]received many thank-yous from users sometimes explaining what they used my
]service for.  There are people in certain countries who have a very
]legitimate fear of speaking out, who use this and other anonymous services
]to communicate with the U.S.  Countless people have used anonymous services
]to very openly discuss items that are considered secret to certain members
]of the Church of Scientology.  Victims of all sorts of abuse can speak
]truly anonymously (sometimes for the first time).  Even abusers can speak
]freely, which helps with recovery.
]It is for these examples that I run this service.  I think a little noise
]and junk is a small price to pay for all of this.  You take the good with
]the bad.
]This is free speech in one of its most raw forms, staring you in the face.
]You may not like it; It may offend you; It might even encourage illegal
]behavior, but it is speech, and in the United States, it is protected by
]the Constitution. =20
]Thank you for your time.  If you=92d like to contact me again, without
]tripping this autoresponder, send mail to remailer-admin at mailmasher.com.
]-Jeff Burchell,  MailMasher Admin
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-11 05:56:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
Also not "all" messages are posted.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:11:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
I actually liked most of what TCM wrote (even when not crypto-relevant)
and find myself missing his essays.  He was wrong to start flaming me for
no reason and to attribute to me stuff I never said; but we all make
mistakes and can get over them.
Saying bullshit about people (like Tim saying bullshit about me and
me saying bullshit about people) is one thing; it can be fun, or it
can be annoying when taken to extremes; but I've never sought
to silence Tim, and have no hard evidence that he tried to silence
P.S. CMEPTb COBKAM!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: POST: The Frightening Dangers of Moderation 
I don't think this guy is for real... No one's that stupid.
Must be another Gilmore tentacle.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-11 07:04:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Proposal: alt.cypherpunks (unmoderated) 
Greg Broils works for Sameer Parekh's C2Net - as does Sandy Sandfart.
Given Sandy's recent actions, I think any such proposal coming from a
C2Net employee should be viewed with extreme suspicion.
Greg probably doesn't know where "Finland" is.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:12:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks 
The voting process is not that bad - it'll easily pass if a fraction of
people now subscribed to this mailing list votes yes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:12:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Germany Versus Scientology 
"I happen to believe that Jews are dangerous, for how quickly
they can ruin someone's mental state." - John Gilmore
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:12:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks-related lists on toad.com 
If NoCeMs were used to 'highlight' specific subsets of traffic, there'd
be no need to have separate forums: just let lmmmarcathy (or perry metzger)
highlight cryptorelevant traffic, and let Gilmore (fart) highlight announcemen
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:15:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
(I apologize to everyone whose e-mail has gone unanswered this week - I've
had a bunch of other stuff to do, but I'll get to it eventually. Also, I posted
the Anshel+Goldfield zeta function paten number - do check it out.)
Random thoughts:
1. A newsgroup like comp.privacy.cypherpunks will be carried on a lot of
corprate news servers that don't carry alt.* (or even soc.*). Note that
soc.org.cypherpunks is inappropriate since cp is *not* an organization. :-)
Another possibility is sci.crypto.cypherpunks. (True, people whose corporate
newsservers don't carry soc.* and talk.* can use dejanews - provided their
firewall lets them.)
2. It takes more work to create a comp.* newsgroup than an alt newsgroup.
It takes a vote. I'm willing to be one of the proponents and generally help
with the process. (Both I and Igor have been co-proponents of major Usenet
newsgroups - don't know about other people onthis list. :-)
3. An unmoderated Usenet newsgroup would have even ore crap than this mailing
list. I've been thinking of how to deal with crap, and with the obvious desire
by some people to delegate their decision what to read and what not to read
to other people. While cpunks at toad worked, one could subscribe to a filtered version offered
by at least 2 people. There was no easy way to get those articles that either
filterer considered worth reading: if you subscribed to both lists, you'd get
most articles twice.
Here's a proposal: anyone should be free to issue 'highlight' NoCeM's for the
unmoderated cypherpunks newsgroups. Perhaps there will be a 'bot immediately
highlighting submissions from well-known posters.
Someone reading the newsgroup with a nocem-enabled newsreader (such as gnu)
can choose to read only those articles that one of the filterers he trusts
has already marked as worthy of his attention. (E.g. Sandy can issue NoCeMs
to his heart's content.) However the filterer can't stop someone from not
using NoCeMs and reading the entire newsgroup traffic without incurring
moderation delays.
Most people don't have nocem-enabled newareaders yet... Which is where the
network of cypherpunks majordomos Igor's been busy creating comes in very
handy. When one of the nodes in the distributed cpunks2news gateway gets a submission,
it should xmit it to the other known gateways and post it to Usenet. Also it
should grab postings from the Usenet newsgroup and forward them to its mailing
list. However in addition to the unedited mailing list, some gateways can
choose to offer a filtered list controlled by one or more nocem issuers:
i.e. one might be able to subscribe to cypherpunked-filtered-by-either-
ray-or-sandy and receive articles only when the gateway receives a
nocem from one of the two listing their message-ids. (Better yet, one
might specify in the subscription which filterers to use.)
I don't think this is a very hard thing to hack up.
Sorry for the typoes: now Imust run, but I'd beinterested in the feedback on
these thoghts.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:58:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
(I apologize to everyone whose e-mail has gone unanswered this week - I've
had a bunch of other stuff to do, but I'll get to it eventually. Also, I posted
the Anshel+Goldfield zeta function paten number - do check it out.)
Random thoughts:
1. A newsgroup like comp.privacy.cypherpunks will be carried on a lot of
corprate news servers that don't carry alt.* (or even soc.*). Note that
soc.org.cypherpunks is inappropriate since cp is *not* an organization. :-)
Another possibility is sci.crypto.cypherpunks. (True, people whose corporate
newsservers don't carry soc.* and talk.* can use dejanews - provided their
firewall lets them.)
2. It takes more work to create a comp.* newsgroup than an alt newsgroup.
It takes a vote. I'm willing to be one of the proponents and generally help
with the process. (Both I and Igor have been co-proponents of major Usenet
newsgroups - don't know about other people onthis list. :-)
3. An unmoderated Usenet newsgroup would have even ore crap than this mailing
list. I've been thinking of how to deal with crap, and with the obvious desire
by some people to delegate their decision what to read and what not to read
to other people. While cpunks at toad worked, one could subscribe to a filtered version offered
by at least 2 people. There was no easy way to get those articles that either
filterer considered worth reading: if you subscribed to both lists, you'd get
most articles twice.
Here's a proposal: anyone should be free to issue 'highlight' NoCeM's for the
unmoderated cypherpunks newsgroups. Perhaps there will be a 'bot immediately
highlighting submissions from well-known posters.
Someone reading the newsgroup with a nocem-enabled newsreader (such as gnu)
can choose to read only those articles that one of the filterers he trusts
has already marked as worthy of his attention. (E.g. Sandy can issue NoCeMs
to his heart's content.) However the filterer can't stop someone from not
using NoCeMs and reading the entire newsgroup traffic without incurring
moderation delays.
Most people don't have nocem-enabled newareaders yet... Which is where the
network of cypherpunks majordomos Igor's been busy creating comes in very
handy. When one of the nodes in the distributed cpunks2news gateway gets a submission,
it should xmit it to the other known gateways and post it to Usenet. Also it
should grab postings from the Usenet newsgroup and forward them to its mailing
list. However in addition to the unedited mailing list, some gateways can
choose to offer a filtered list controlled by one or more nocem issuers:
i.e. one might be able to subscribe to cypherpunked-filtered-by-either-
ray-or-sandy and receive articles only when the gateway receives a
nocem from one of the two listing their message-ids. (Better yet, one
might specify in the subscription which filterers to use.)
I don't think this is a very hard thing to hack up.
Sorry for the typoes: now Imust run, but I'd beinterested in the feedback on
these thoghts.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-12 19:50:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: You guys/gals oughta get a kick outta this guy 
This sounds like the  web server:
* it comes without source code
* the vendor is infamous for lying and for having security holes
* attempts to discuss the product's security result in lawyer letters.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-13 06:32:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
(My apologies to all the peole I like whose e-mail I haven't answered yet)
I'm concerned about smart people stuck behind corporate firewalls
and able to see comp.* and sci.*. Nearly every big Wall St firm
is that way. Did I ever relate to you the story how I had to
break through the firwall at GS to accomplish mywork?
Timmy has a valid point: the reason why a comp.* newsgroup might have less
cross-posted and "off-topic" crap is because net.cops would be more
likely to complain to posters' sysadmins. Having a charter state that
cypherpunks have technical means to ignore traffic they don't like,
and don't need anyone forging cancels or complaining to sysadmins
or otherwise getting silenced, is a good idea.
What's going to happen when (not if) someone posts something in
alt.cypherpunks that Chris Lewis (spit) judges to be "spam"
and forges a cancel? Or someone posts a binary and Richard
"little dick" Depew forges a cancel?
There's a bunch of net.cops in e.g. comp.lang.eiffel that complain to
sysadmins of anyone posting to that newsgroup who's in a member of the
"in" crowd". It may or may not cut down on the crap, but is it worth it?
Yes - from the legal liability point of view (since it bothers the lying
cocksucker Gilmore (spit, fart, belch) so  much): suppose someone
anonymously posts  skipjack source code to alt.cypherpunks. Under the
present systen, say, the arachelian asshole might decide not to forward
it to his mailing list feaing the NSA. NoCeM's can separate the function
of highlighting interesting articles from the function of forwarding
these articles to subscribers who only want to see the highlighted
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-14 20:12:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dave Hayes takes over Cypherpunks 
I'm a male heterosexual.
Cocksucker John Gilmore is a faggot. So is his boss Bobby Inman from NSA.
John Gilmore is a U.S.Government shill out to suck resources into
fruitless flame war and to sabotage our efforts to deploy crypto.
What about Timmy May and Eric Hughes? Are they faggots in U.S.G.
employ or mere mindless dupes?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-14 20:12:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
The whole list?
Or just Gilmore goes down on Sandfart and Sandart goes down on Parekh
and Parekh goes down on Gilmore - like a daisy chain?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-14 20:14:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A "Default Faggot"/ was:Dale disses gays. 
I used to know cocksucker John Gilmore personally and I'm convinced
that he's is an effeminate limp-wristed faggot.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-15 06:14:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I remember teaching in my computer security class how in 1944
the congress passed an act making it illegal to send encrypted
messages fro m the U.S. to abroad via snail mail, radio, etc;
it covers the not yet invented communications too (like computer
networks) and is on the books in U.S.Code somewhere. No further
laws need to be passed for the fuckers to start enforcing it.
Paul's sexist comments are very interesting - I hope to find more time to
comment on them too. I don't know if they have the same kind of "affirmative
action" in the U.K. that they have in the U.S. - here if you find a woman
in the position of authority, there's a good chance that she was promoted
ahead of more qualified men to meet some quota, and is therefore incompetent.
Remember how Klintoris (spit, spit) was determined to have a female attorney
general 4 years ago, and went through a slew of female candidates, rejecting
the best qualified ones like Kimba Wood, because she did what every working
mother in this country does - hired a babysitter for cash - and finally
appointed the bull dyke murdreress? No wonder the most ignorant shysters
on this forum, like Jim Ray (spit) come from Florida. Did he take classes
with Froomkin? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-15 06:14:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
Not true. Homos created Fidonet. Tom Jenkins was one. Normal people created
Usenet. (That is, some of the people who created Usenet may well have been
sexually attracted to people of the same sex in real life - I don't have a
problem with that - but none of them were "Usenet faggots" who tried to
suppress free speech). Now the homos, who ruined Fidonet through
censorship and UDP-like wars, are trying to take over Usenet with the same
disasterous results.
Suppose for argument's sake that the people who created Usenet all
happened to be gay. Why would "gay people" as a whole, most of whom
had nothing to do with it, deserve credit for it?
We were here first. I've been on Usenet for > 10 years, before most of the
scum that's trying to ruin it now. Besides, the homos will try to ruin any
alternative forum they think is used by their "enemies". Look how they've
been flooding the freedom-knights mailing list with shit.
Good question. I'm fighting against _actions that suppress speech - such
as complaints to postmasters that result in plug-pulling; or forged cancels.
If false complaints were universally ignored - cancels junked, postmaster
complaints junked, as they should be, then these actions would be just
speech, therefore not worthy of suppression. I don't want the homos to be
silenced, merely rendered impotent to silence others.

@_date: 1997-02-15 07:33:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dave Hayes takes over Cypherpunks 
For what it's worth, the NSA, the CIA, and the State Department are
will of faggots. Being a faggot and sucking the right cocks is a way
to advance one's career at the NSA. Everyone knew Bobby was a faggot
and everybody he hired was a faggot too.
Gilmore's job is to suck us into wasting time on debates over Gilmore's
dishonorable actions instead of working on worthwhile projects like
my spambot or reviving the anon server. Gilmore is an "agent-provocateur".
Gilmore proposes useless projects like S/Wan and misguided people waste
their time and effort instead of deploying crypto.
The NSA is full of faggots. Also the CIA and the State Departments use
faggots to fuck and suck foreign diplomats. The whole Klintoris
administration is full of faggots.
I'd like to know too. Eric Hughes doesn't look like a faggot, but looks
can be deceiving.
And we already know that Peter Berger is a faggot because he suppresses
free speech on Usenet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-15 07:56:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I remember teaching in my computer security class how in 1944
the congress passed an act making it illegal to send encrypted
messages fro m the U.S. to abroad via snail mail, radio, etc;
it covers the not yet invented communications too (like computer
networks) and is on the books in U.S.Code somewhere. No further
laws need to be passed for the fuckers to start enforcing it.
Paul's sexist comments are very interesting - I hope to find more time to
comment on them too. I don't know if they have the same kind of "affirmative
action" in the U.K. that they have in the U.S. - here if you find a woman
in the position of authority, there's a good chance that she was promoted
ahead of more qualified men to meet some quota, and is therefore incompetent.
Remember how Klintoris (spit, spit) was determined to have a female attorney
general 4 years ago, and went through a slew of female candidates, rejecting
the best qualified ones like Kimba Wood, because she did what every working
mother in this country does - hired a babysitter for cash - and finally
appointed the bull dyke murdreress? No wonder the most ignorant shysters
on this forum, like Jim Ray (spit) come from Florida. Did he take classes
with Froomkin? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-18 17:10:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stop sending me your shit 
Oe else what?  I bet you don't have the balls to mailbomb gnu at toad.com!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-20 06:58:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Dale Thorn Conspiracy Theory 
(When I got back from WashDC, there were close to 300 new e-mails,
and I'm still digging through the old ones.)
Is LD on this mailing list? Someone should invite him.
I think Kimba Wood is a fine judge.
Did you know that did wife was Russian?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-20 08:57:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Dale Thorn Conspiracy Theory 
(When I got back from WashDC, there were close to 300 new e-mails,
and I'm still digging through the old ones.)
Is LD on this mailing list? Someone should invite him.
I think Kimba Wood is a fine judge.
Did you know that did wife was Russian?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-23 15:10:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: An Overweening Faith in the Supreme Court 
Dunno about turning back but the U.S. does resemble in many ways
Argentina in the '40's and '50's. (It resembles the U.S.S.R in
the '70's in yet other ways. :-)
So, can you think of a good country to move to, besides Israel? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-23 15:30:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dark Times Ahead - sort of off-topic 
Ask Randall Schwartz (spit).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-25 19:20:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: x-no-archive: yes 
An excellent idea!  Also reposting their garbage from bofh.*
to news.* and alt.flame. :-)
I'd suggest:
 1. "Reposting the article so it can be archived" on top;
 2. Slight alterations of the text (introducing spelling errors etc)
 3. A disparaging remark at the bottom ("what a maroon", "get a clue", etc)
This can be done better by a computer program than by a human being...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-26 15:22:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
I think not.  I think a weekly FAQ regarding the reputation of
John Gilmore (spit), Sameer Pareekh (spit), Sandy Sandfort (spit),
Greg Broils (spit) and C2Net (spit) is in order.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-27 14:35:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Senate spams 
They voted from their accounts on algebra.com, didn't they?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-27 14:39:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
Greb Broils lies, of course, but he's just an entry-level lackey at C2Net.
Greg will post whatever lies his boss Sameer "Arab terrorist from Connecticut"
Parekh pays him to post. Greg will suck whichever cock Sameer Parekh pays
him to suck. Greg Broils is a whore. Sameer Parekh is his pimp.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-28 07:39:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Senate spams 
Adam, before labeling my criticisms "false", have you examined the
source code of the product in quesion to see if it's secure?
So far, the people caught making false statements are Sameer Parekh
(spit) and his lackeys Greg Broils (spit) and Sandy Sandfart (spit).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-28 07:40:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clipper Chip Banking 
They do a lot of crypto at Sandia, and digital cash is an important
application of crypto.
This reminds me how about 10 years ago I and one guy from Sandia labs
wrote a very nice app for converting HP soft fonts into TeX fonts.
We posted it all over the Internet with source code (the only way I
distribute my apps).  Well, a few months later I discovered that
some dandruff-covered sovok has been uploaing our app with our source
code, our comments, and the only change he made was to replace our
names by his filthy sovok name. (No, it wasn't Sameer Parekh -
Sameer is just as unethical, but he's an "Arab terrorist from
connecticut", not a sovok.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-02-28 17:40:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
ITAR-relevant urban legend: once the Soviet government order 10K dozen 8"
condoms in the U.S. and the Nixon administration made sure that each one was
stamped "medium".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 09:40:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
That's a very good question, Dale... Have you seen any traffic from the stupid
cocksucker John Gilmore after the recent allegation that he died from AIDS???
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 09:40:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Timmy's Lost It: [Was Extremism in the defense of liberty is no v 
"Cypher punks'" opposition to free speech is another good example of their
elitist attitude. They only want freedom to express the ideas they agree
with. Not only is the notion of supporting freedom to express idea they
don't like totally alien to "cypher punks"; they actively seek to promote
censorship. Indeed the only crypto-relevant thread on this mailing list
in many weeks was a "pseudo-crypto" discussion of protocols to suppress
free speech and to limit the expression to views approved by the cocksucker
John Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 09:40:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks" display arrogance and stupidity in the new year 
Dr. Grubor has suggested that homosexuals be required to identify themselves
in their e-mail headers.  Certainly, cocksucker John Gilmore is free to set
up his private mailing list so that only submissions with "X-Homosexual: YES"
or "X-Sexual-Preferences: GAY" get distributed. Problem is, if we get the
repeat of the recent mail loop attack, when the ASALA/Earthweb terrorist Ray
"Arsenic" Arachelian was re-submiting to the mailing list the articles
that were already distributed with most of the headers intact, the "X-Gay: YES"
header would also be intact on Arachelian's spam. Ray is truly despicable.
You can complain about Ray's forgery, spam, libel, and other net-abuse to
his bosses at Earthweb, LLC: Jack Hidary , Murray Hidary
, and Nova Spivack .
I'm also amused by Jamie's suggestion that most people don't know what
an X-header is. It reminds me how I made a typo in the word 'group' and
some asshole "cypher punk" went into a long rant about how he knows how
to use the grep utility under Unix, and I allegedly don't even know what
grep is. First, the punks should consider themselves lucky that the owners
of the equipment they play with pay them salaries for messing around with
software so user-unfriendly that some arrogant punk needs to be paid to
administer it (and the punk is sometimes a convicted felon, like Randall
Schwartz). Second, I happen to know what grep is (I teach Unix courses
occasionally), and I don't consider this a sign of great intelligence.
By the way, 'grep' stands for 'g[globa]/r[egular ]e[xpression]/p[rint].
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 09:40:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
It's remarkable how "cypher punks'" only interest in cryptography
seems to be in making up lame pseudo-crypto censorship protocols.
Yeah, sure. Remember - I'm not a "list member" because the cocksucker John
Gilmore didn't like the contents of my submissions, so he unsubscribed me,
and further instructed majordomo to play dead when it sees a request from me.
This list is already much more censored than what you describe by the
asshole censor John "I like to suck big dicks" Gilmore. It also has no
credibility. It's a laughing stock for the media.
But if your proposal is implemented, I'm sure some honorable person(s) would
try to thwart censorship by approving submissions that socksucker John Gilmore
doesn't like, and would find their ability to approve curtailed very soon.
You're also forgetting about the approver's liability. This mailing list has
seen a lot of racist garbage about "crazy Russians" and the "colored race"
from scum like Timmy May and Ray Arachelian. This is what happened to one
such vile racist in California (I don't know whether he's a "cypher punk"):
] E-MAIL SENDER INDICTED
]    Irvine, Calif. [November 14, 1996] (AP) -- A former
] college student was indicted on 10 federal hate-crime
] charges for allegedly sending computer messages threatening
] to kill Asian students.
]    According to federal prosecutors, Wednesday's grand jury
] indictment of Richard Machado, 19, of Irvine marks the first
] time the government has prosecuted an alleged federal hate
] crime committed in cyberspace. . . .
]  [...]
]    Machado could spend up to a decade in jail and face up to
] a $1 million fine if convicted.
]  [...]
]    The grand jury accused Machado of sending a threatening
] electronic message to about 60 University of California,
] Irvine, students on Sept. 20.
]  [...]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 09:42:04
@_author: Dr. Dimitri Vulis 
@_subject: Old Russian Orthography 
Thank you!  And a Happy New Year to you too.
I remember seeing an old Library of Congress transliteration table where jat'
was transliterated as e with some accent, and dotted i was an i with some
accent. I took a quick look on my shelf and can't find it now. (LOC is not
a good scheme, since one can't always recover the original from it. :-)
The U.S.G. Printing Office manual seems to suggest that one translates into
the new orthography before transliterating (fita to f, dotted i and izhitsa
to i, yat' to e or yo). This may lead to an occasional problem: suppose you
have an index alphabetized according to the old rules:
ik... (regular i)
ie... (dotted i before another vowel)
If you fold dotted i into i, you'll be looking for 'ia' before 'ib'.
Ditto for yat', which came much later than e in the collating sequence.

@_date: 1997-01-01 11:40:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fed's blew it this time. 
Was the media industry really anti-war, or just anti-Nixon? When Lyndon
Johnson sent the troops to 'Nam, the media first supported him. When Nixon got
elected, against the media's wishes, the media attacked him over everything he
was doing, including the war, just like they attacked Reagan and Bush. I'm
usure if Nixon had pulled out completely in '69, the media would have been
pro-war. They're whores, like Declan McCulough.
Bombing the hell out of North Viet Nam targets was evil, but effective. But:
compare the way USD is portrayed in _Apocalypse Now & _Deer Hunter (a
monolythic machine servings some sinister purpose and killing the natives;
white people are safe; the rogue gets terminated by USG itself) with the way
it's portrayed in _Rambo and _Red Dawn (gubmint abandons the pow's*, abandons
the locals; useless, but barely evil, and it's not clear how far up the evil
goes) and with the way it's been portrayed in this year's movies: _Courage
Under Fire (a bunch of criminals trying to cover up their fuckup, all the way
to the top); _Ransom (the main villain is a NYC cop, other cops are useless;
it's not Federales, but close enough); _Eraser ("rogue" WitSec, the cops are
the enemies); _Professional (the top villain works for the DEA). Pop movies
reflect the attitudes of the audience they're made for.
Dr. Grubor is a Viet Nam vet. I have great respect for him.
*) Klinton's being paid by the Indonesians to "normalize" relation with VC,
incorporated by reference.
Is that why the criminal Usenet Cabal is interfering with the propagation
of sci.med.cannabis and other MJ-related Usenet newsgroups?
I have little regard for Thomas Jefferson and rest of the "founding fathers"
gang. Their revolution replaced one bunch of oppressors with another; no
wonder it was followed by Shay's (sp?) Rebellion (whose farmer leaders were
sentenced to hang for treason; later commuted); and Alien and Sedition Acts.
I had a great-grandfather named Adolf.  The Communists killed him.
How does one brainwash a brainless "cypher punk"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 15:30:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fed's blew it this time. 
Nice ASCII art, Pedro.
Are you the one contributing the 2 ASCII pictures of Timmy Mayonaise / day?
Here's a Simpsons picture for you:
      |
      |
 (o)(o)
       C      _)
 ,___|
       /    \
      /      \     .  .  .
  |     |  ._|\/ \/ \--.
  |     |   \         /
__|-----|    (o)(o)  <_.
     UUUU     |____C        /
        \      ____)--(     \
   ()()   \____/---'
    |    /^^^^^^\
    |   /     \  \
Here's another:
                                          (
                                       (
                                      (
                                     (
                                    (
              __&__                (
             /     \              (
       |            (
       |            (
  (o)(o)             (o)(o)(
            C   .---_)             C    (
  |.===|            /__,  (
   \__/             \    (
            /__     \              |   |
           /   \     \             ooooo
    |     \           _/   \_
    |     \         /'       `\
           (    \       \      /  /  /     \
            \    \       \   /  /`\_`\_ )\  >
            / \   \       )/  /   (     |/ /
           /    \   \     | /     |  .  ,,/
          (       \\\\`  / /      /     \
           \           /""       (  `  )
            \         |*         |   |   |
             (       /\ \        `   |   '
      |  \ \       |   |   |
             )      )   (,)       (  |  )
     /              |  |  |
             (    |__              | | |
              (  |___;             | | |
             (__--___;            /'/'/'
                                  "'""
Stop jerking off and look at your own picture. Try to concentrate when you read
the next paragraph.  I know it's hard for a "cypher punk" to think abstractly,
but if you try real hard, and think about it for a long time, you might get it.
THE MOVIE INDUSTRY, THE ADVERTIZING INDUSTRY, THE NEWSPAPER PUBLISHING
INDUSTRY, THE MUSIC INDUSTRY, THE MAGAZINE PUBLISHING INDUSTRY, THE BROADCAST
RADIO INDUSTRY, THE CABLE TV INDUSTRY, ETC, ARE ALL PARTS OF THE (ALWAYS HIGHLY
CONCENTRATED) MEDIA INDUSTRY. IF THE RICH MOTHERFUCKERS WHO OWN THE BIG MEDIA
COMPANIES HAPPEN TO BE PRO-MCGOVERN AND ANTI-WAR, THEN THE WHOLE MEDIA INDUSTRY
BECOMES PRO-MCGOVERN AND ANTI-WAR, AND THE PARTS OF THE WHOLE (LIKE THE MOVIE
INDUSTRY IN YOUR PICTURE ABOVE) TOO BECOME PRO-MCGOVERN AND ANTI-WAR.
Hmm...  Is it too much to expect a "cypher punk" to understand that a part of
the whole sometimes inherits some of the properties of the whole?  Probably.
Dr. Grubor invented the whole Internet while in Viet Nam.
You better show some gratitude, punk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 16:40:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Let you know 
Has anyone else noticed the similarities between PGP and MLM?
Here you recruit people to use PGP and sign their keys, and they
sign the keys of the people they recruit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 17:00:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
There's no confusion. You propose even more censorship than there is now.
Ray "Arsenic" Arachelian of ASALA/Earthweb is a lying piece of shit, like
the rest of the "cypher punks".
You can complain about Ray Arachelian's libel, spam, forgery, and other
net-abuse to the owners of Earthweb, LLC - the Web designer employing Ray
as an associate network administrator - Jack Hidary ,
Murray Hidary , and Nova Spivack .
Qualcomm fired Kent Paul Dolan, so they're not all that bad.
I'm sure the cocksucker John Gilmore would masturbate every time he did that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-01 21:00:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks" display arrogance and stupidity in the new year 
The way Peter "INN Saboteur" Burger tries to cover up his sexual perversions?
Much of the time on the Internet, when some asshole pulls plugs and tries to
silence dissent, he turns out to be Gay. In particular, King John Lack-Clue
Gilmore, the Supreme and Absolute 12" Ruler of the "cypher punks", is an
effeminate, limp-wristed, self-admitted and -exposed cocksucking bitch.
I had lunch with Gilmore once. He slurps rather disgustingly when he eats.
I suppose he slurps the same way when he sucks big dicks in San Francisco.
fgrep runs faster because it doesn't deal with regular expressions like *. If
you're searching for a fixed string ('aga' rather than 'a.*a'), it can save
you a few milliseconds. egrep understand slightly more complicated regular
expressions that regular grep. E.g. egrep "xy?z" file will match xyz and xz,
but not xyyz (zero or one occurrences).
Here's a neat trick: if you want to list a file with line numbers, try:
grep -n "^" file
Of course this is too technical for the "cypher punks".
By the way the word "bugger" comes from the "Bulgaria". In the Middle Ages,
many denizens of the Balkans were in sect that advocated anal intercourse as
a means of birth control. Armenians too are stereotyped in both Russian and
Turkish cultures as a nation of perverts, always ready to bend over for one
another or to fellate a farm animal.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-02 06:02:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks" display arrogance and stupidity in the new year 
Did you time it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-02 06:04:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice 
Is .eg in Egypt?
Happy New Year to you too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-02 18:40:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: benefits of EAR (not)? 
You have to send "unsubscrive" a few hundred times to gnu at toad.com.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-02 20:11:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
If the majordomo operator is the lying cocksucker John Gilmore,
then he definitely should not be trusted.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-02 20:12:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New crypto regs outlaw financing non-US development 
What makes you think you're allowed to export medicines now?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-02 21:16:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks" display arrogance and stupidity in the new year 
Have you got nothing better to do?  I take this as a hint that we should get
back to the MJ project. Meanwhile, here's an equally useful program - run
it at MS DOS prompt to leave it resident, then type the names of my least
favorite "cypher punks" to any program that uses INT 16 to read from kbd.
;;; cpunx.asm
cseg       segment
           assume      cs:cseg,ds:cseg
           org         100h
entry:     call        start
           org         100h
state      db          1 dup(?) ;3 bytes
sdi        dw          1 dup(?)
str1       label       byte
           db          'Gilmore',0
           db          'Arachelian',0
str2mask equ           003h ; 0..3
str2       label       byte
           db          ' (fart)',0
           db          ' (spit)',0
           db          ' (barf)',0
           db          ' (blech)',0
gett       proc        near
           push        ds
           xor         di,di
           mov         ds,di
           mov         di,ds:[46ch] ;timer
           pop         ds
           ret
gett       endp
i16:       cmp         ah,0
           jz          ah0
           db          0eah ; jmp
o16oa      dw          ?
o16sa      dw          ?
ah0:       push        ds
           push        cs
           pop         ds
           cmp         state,4
           jnz         st4x
           push        di
           mov         di,sdi
           mov         al,ds:[di] ;ah=scancode=funccode=0
           inc         sdi
           cmp         al,0
           jz          st1a ;done stacking
           jmp         i16dix
st4x:      pushf
           db          09ah ; call far
o16ob      dw          ?
o16sb      dw          ?
           cmp         state,0
           jnz         st1
           push        di
           mov         di,offset str1
st0a:      cmp         al,ds:[di]
           jz          st0b
st0c:      inc         di
           cmp         byte ptr ds:[di],0
           jnz         st0c
           inc         di
           cmp         di,offset str2
           jnz         st0a
           jmp         short i16dix
st0b:      inc         di
           mov         sdi,di
           jmp         short i16ist ;state=1
st1:       cmp         state,1
           jnz         st2
           push        di
           mov         di,sdi
           cmp         al,ds:[di]
           jnz         st1a
           inc         di
           cmp         byte ptr ds:[di],0
           jnz         st1b
           inc         state ;2
           call        gett
st1b:      mov         sdi,di
           jmp         short i16dix
st1a:      mov         state,0
           jmp         short i16dix
st2:       cmp         state,2
           jnz         st3
           push        di
           call        gett
           xor         di,sdi
           test        di,0FFC0h ;around 3 seconds
           jz          i16dix
           inc         state ;3
;          jmp         short i16dix
           pop         di          ;fall thru
st3:       cmp         al,'A' ;state=3
           jae         i16x ;waiting for a delimiter
           push        di
           push        ax
           mov         al,byte ptr sdi
           and         al,str2mask
           mov         di,offset str2
st3a:      dec         al
           js          st3b
st3c:      inc         di
           cmp         byte ptr ds:[di],0
           jnz         st3c
           inc         di
           jmp         st3a
st3b:      mov         sdi,di
           pop         ax      ;state=4
i16ist:    inc         state
i16dix:    pop         di
i16x:      pop         ds
           iret
minst      db          'Installed.',13,10
minstl     equ         $-minst
malr       db          'Already in memory.',13,10
malrl      equ         $-malr
start:     mov         state,0
           xor         ax,ax
           mov         ds,ax
           mov         ax,word ptr ds:[16h*4]
           cmp         ax,offset i16 ;already resident?
           jz          skp
           mov         cs:o16oa,ax
           mov         cs:o16ob,ax
           mov         ax,word ptr ds:[16h*4+2]
           mov         cs:o16sa,ax
           mov         cs:o16sb,ax
           cli
           mov         word ptr ds:[16h*4],offset i16
           mov         word ptr ds:[16h*4+2],cs
           sti
           mov         dx,offset minst
           mov         cx,minstl
           push        cs
           pop         ds
           mov         bx,2
           mov         ah,40h ;write message to stderr
           int         21h
           mov         dx,offset i16end
           int         27h
skp:       push        cs
           pop         ds
           mov         dx,offset malr
           mov         cx,malrl
           mov         bx,2
           mov         ah,40h ;write message to stderr
           int         21h
           int         20h
cseg       ends
           end         entry
Given that "cypher punks" don't write code, they wouldn't know how
to assemble it either... Here's a COM file:
 !"
begin 666 cpunx.com
MZ!L!1VEL;6]R90!!5[\# 3H%= ]'@ =?I'
M 77OZV]'B3X! >MD@  0%U(U>+/ at 5U$T> /0!U!_X&  'HA_^)/
MZT7&!@ ! .L^@  0)U$U?H;_\S/ _W0I_ at 8  5\\07,A5U"@ 0$DM
M [\6 ?[(> E'@ =?I'Z_.)/  %?'\]);G-T86QL960N
M861Y(&EN(&UE6]R>2X-"L8&  $ ,\".V*%8  70S+J-( 2ZC: NM
MHTH!+J-L ?K'!E@ 0 ^[K^ ;D,  X?NP( M$ <TG
+% "[   M
 M
If your DOS prompt is so screwed up that it doesn't use INT 16,
here's a test program to echo keyboard input (ESC to exit):
begin 666 geti16.com
0,.3-%H 70&M [-$.OQP\PRM
 M
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-03 06:29:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Trusting the lying cocksucker John Gilmore is very foolish.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-03 06:30:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Elitism and Spam Filters 
They do require total lack of ethics. Indeed, cocksucker John Gilmore has
no credibility because of his content-based censorship and plug-pulling.
I'm not doing anything with your stupid list. I'm not even on it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-03 16:50:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ASSHOLE FAGGOT J.D. Falk 
Just following the homos' logic... If you don't like someone and
he happens to be a homo, then you're a homophobe, and all the homos
are supposed to fuck you over.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 06:35:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Timmy May and his ilk want the poor to remain poor, so they'll be
willing to work for pennies and provide cheap labor for the idle
"cypher punk" elite.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 06:35:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Elitism and Spam Filters 
aa
                                  a
                                 :::::::
                           ::::      ::::::::::::
                        ::::::  ::::::::::::::::
                     ::::::::  ::::::::::::::::::
                   :::::::::        :::::::::::::
                 ::::::::::    `           ::::::::::
               ::::::::::::::  :::::::::::::
              :::::::::   aaaa` ::::::::::::::::
             :::::::: aa :::::::::: ::::::::
            :::::::  :::::::::::a  ::::::::
            :::::  :::::::::::   ::::::::
           ::::  :::::::::::  :::::::  a at a
        ::  :::::::::::  : a
        :::::::::::      ::::::::::::   a     :::::::::::      a  :     :::::::::::  , :       "  :::      :::::::::::   ::::
              ::::      @ :::::::::::  ::::::
            :   ::::::     :::::::::: a :::::::
             ::::::::::: :::::::::: a :::::::
              ::::::::::::::::::: a ::::::::
               :::::::::::::::::  ""a :::::::::
                 :::::::::::::     ::::::::::
                   ::::::::::::::: """"" :::::::::::
                     :::::::::::::::::        ::::::::::::::::::
                        :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
                          :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
                              :::::::::::::::::::::::::
                                    :::::::::::::
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 09:50:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous Post Control 
Paul Bradley accumulated oodles of reputation capital with his
obscene rants about "brute force attacks on one-time pads".
Now he wants more censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 10:00:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Timmy's Lost It: [Was Extremism in the defense of lib 
Does Timmy's middle initial (C.) _really stand for Cunt?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 11:40:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Modified Token Posting Scheme 
Asshole censor and cocksucker John Gilmore is NOT credible. He's a content-
based plug-puller. Also he made enough $$ on Sun's IPO not to give a fuck
about your measly $1/post.
(Compare him with Geffen, always happy to forego a few million bucks in
profits to supress whatever offends his political agenda.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 13:40:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
In the 212 area code (Manhattan), 666 is around Columbia University.
I used to be at 212-666-6984 for some 7 years.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-04 16:50:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
Timmy seems to be VERY bothered by those anonymous posts and would
surely like them to stop - perfectly illustrating why the "cypher punks"
are enemies of free speech. Timmy can killfile anything he doesn't like,
but he wants to prevent everyone else from seeing whatever information
Timmy doesn't want to be disseminated.
You lose, Timmy.  The truth wants to be free.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-05 14:30:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
Fags who claim publicly to *plonk* someone usually lie.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-05 14:30:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Your Comment Here) 
John Gilmore is a very vindictive persons and will go to extreme length
to punish his "enemies".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-05 21:40:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
Use mine. It's in Phrack.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-06 08:10:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Problems are Gay 
I don't know, I'm not a "cypher punk". Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-06 10:57:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Trading 
It's John Gilmore of EFF. He's running for the Internet Society.
let's shaft the fucking censor.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-06 19:10:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation=YES 
I'm glad I'm not a "cypher punk" and oppose censorship.
Comrade Goen is not a real person. He's another Timmy May tentacle.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-06 19:10:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Modified Token Posting Scheme 
I.e., libel from Timmy May, Ray Arachelian, and the rest of the gang
is approved automatically, and when a victim tries to defend himself
and to point out that Timmy May is a liar, the response is delayed
and probably rejected by the moderator.
It's been said that the best response to speech one doesn't like
is more speech. "Cypher punks" want to take away the victim's
ability to respond to the lies being posted on their mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-06 19:12:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why hate David Lesher..... 
Why are you hated by RBOC's in 5 states?  I think I saw you at a DC punks
meeting last August and you didn't look like a kind of guy capable of
generating much hatred. :-)
Also, are these 5 separate RBOC's, or the same RBOC servicing 5 states?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-06 19:12:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation 
When Ray Arachelian posts lies to this mailing list, he also forwards
them to his censored mailing list. When the victims of Arachelian's
libel refute his lies, Ray does not forward their responses to his
mailing list. Sandy liked this setup so much, he wants the whole
"cypher punks" mailing list to be censored this way.
No wonder - "cypher punks" are opposed to wide availability of crypto,
privacy, secure communications, and free speech in general. As they
keep saying, free speech should only be available to the "elite" who
will use it "responsibly" - no free speech for Jews or homophobes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-07 05:07:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: At the risk of getting flamed :) 
[CC'd to 2 mailing lists]
Thanks - I passed on your advice, but I think they decided to get rid of
almost everything... It's better to keep stuff on optical storage anyway.
I made the cancelbot publicly available because I don't believe in "security
by obscurity". Usenet cancels are broken and should be ignored. I find it
indicative that what I call outing a well-known and widely abused security
hole, you call abuse.
Cypherpunks have been forging Usenet posts from "freedom-knights at jetcafe.org"
to alt.business.* et al, asking for business opps in e-mail. I'm thinking of
forwarding the resulting spam on f-k back to cypherpunks. In this case, the
best way to prevent unsolicited junk e-mail is not to forge solicitations for
such e-mail in the names of the people you disagree with in the first place.
You're wrong. I happen to advocate absolute freedom of speech, privacy,
anonymity for everyone, including those I don't agree with. These principles
are totally alien to "cypher punks". I also happen to have done a lot to bring
computer networks and privacy technology to places and people who still
wouldn't have had it otherwise - perhaps more than any "cypher punk".
"Cypher punks" are a primarily gay social club who advocate privacy for
themselves, but not to their many enemies. Do you read the traffic on
their mailing list? "Crypto is only for the elite." "Freedom of speech
is only for those who use it responsibly."
I think Dale Thorn hit the nail right on the head when he described "cypher
punks" as security people. Their interest is not the wide deployment crypto
technology (that's my agenda). They're more interested in silencing the
"homophobes" (meaning, anyone disagreeing with a "cypher punk", irrespective
of whether it has anything to do with homosexuality). They want privacy
technology only for their paying customers, and only if the customers
use it "responsibly", i.e. don't say something the 'punks find objectionable.
Take a look at Sameer's net.scum web page for some examples. When he got sued
by SPA because his customers pirated software, he claimed that he doesn't
censor based on content. At the same time he pulled a plug on an account used
to display a web page critical of Tim May, calling it "libel". No wonder Sandy
now whores for this pimp.
John Gilmore complaint to the upstream sites of his many "enemies" when he's
outed as a cocksucker (clearly content-based), while claiming (through his
mouthpiece Timmy May) that he only censors based on volume, not content.
Re-read some of the shit Sameer's whore has been posting to c-punks.
People who voluntarily submit to censorship by Sandy deserve pity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-07 08:27:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: An observation on the moderation thread. 
What bothers this control freak is not the chance that something I
might say would end up in his mailbox (he can prevent it, although he
probably lies about having killfiled me), but my ability to speak to
other people interested in what I have to say.  He'd like to stop us
from exchanging private e-mail if he could.
Yes - have you read _Mein Kampf? I once posted an article showing a
great similarity between what Hitler advocated in 1926 and what the
"cypher punks" advocate now - just some quotes in parallel.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-07 08:27:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation=YES 
Yes - is this mailing list being censored by Sandy yet?
You've done many good things Kelly.
But now you advocate censorship. If you don't want to listen to
Dale, it's your private choice (and your loss).  But you want to impose
your choice on others.  You don't want me to be able to listen to Dale or
Dale to be able to listen to me, even when it's out of your hearing.
You want Ray Arachelanian to be able to post lies about people and his
victims to be unable to refute his libel in the same forum.
I'm surprised and disappointed and I urge you to reconsider your position.
And that's really a pity.
You mean your kelly at netcom.com lifetime account?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-07 08:28:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
Since not a lot of people on this list read soc.culture.*, I'll give a
slightly different view of how Igor's moderation works in practice.
The charter of s.c.r.m prohibits flames and gratuitous obscenities.
However this rule is not enforced.  Certain friends of Igor (including
some of the s.c.r.m moderators) habitually cross-post articles between
soc.culture.russian.moderated, soc.culture.russian (unmoderated), and
a dozen other newsgroups saying things like: "
is a cocksucker and a motherfucker and has been arrested for sexually
molesting small children".  The targets of the flames are not permitted
to respond on soc.culture.russian.moderated (there's a "blacklist" of
people whose submissions are junked automatically, w/o a human moderator
ever seeing them).  Some time ago Igor invited me to post to s.c.r.m.
I submitted an article and was given to understand that I'm not welcome
to post to s.c.r.m irrespective of what I have to say.
I'm sure that this model suits "cypher punks" well.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-07 09:12:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation=YES 
Isn't this known as "Stockhold syndrom" after some hostages who
became their captors' defenders?  It's a kind of defense reaction.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-07 16:30:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
This is an example of soc.culture.russian.moderated traffic.
This is what Armenian forgers want.
Newsgroups: soc.culture.russian,soc.culture.russian.moderated
Organization: Bacterial Bee Peekers
Lines: 38
Approved: SCRM Approval Key X-SCRM-Policy: X-SCRM-Info-1: Send submissions to             scrm at algebra.com
X-SCRM-Info-2: Send technical complaints to    scrm-admin at algebra.com
X-SCRM-Info-3: Send complaints about policy to scrm-board at algebra.com
X-Comment: moderators do not necessarily agree or disagree with this article.
X-Robomod-Version: STUMP 1.1, by ichudov at algebra.com (Igor Chudov)
X-No-Archive: yes

@_date: 1997-01-07 20:00:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Are you gay, Herr Unicorn?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 05:40:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Commercial Encryption Packages 
There's been many rumors of a backdoor in DES's S-boxes.
Huh?                                                 ^
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 05:40:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Inflation-index bonds and private e-currency 
Before Milken, it was impossible for a small company or municipality without
a stellar credit history to sell bonds to the public. They had to borrow
from the Wall St Cabal rates. Milken made it possible for them
to bypass the Cabal. He was convicted of some truly bizarre charges (let
Uni explain what exactly he was guilty of) and given a truly bizarre
sentense by judge Kimba Wood (who, by the way, was Clinton's first choice
for AG before Rhyno). Still, his brainchild, junk bonds, are alive and well.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 11:11:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The FAGGOT list 
Everyone who spoke up in favor of moderation is a faggot tentacle.
I hope this helps.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 11:14:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
I've been playing around with marina's new ibm thinkpad (real cool
machine) and it allows one to password-protect the hard disk. The
docs claim that if you forget the password, no one will be able to
unlock it for you. Sure... Now why isn't that export-controlled? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 13:34:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: encryption program 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!panix!news.mathworks.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!hunter.premier.net!news-peer.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!news-dc.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!news.sprintlink.co.za!NEWS!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.security
Organization: Secunda
Lines: 22

@_date: 1997-01-08 16:10:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation and the Polymorphic Virus 
"Cypher punks" can't write any code - be it mail filters, viruses, or crypto.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 17:45:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Inflation-index bonds and private e-currency 
You mean the way Ray Arachelian from Earthweb, LLC, flooded this mailing
list with a mail loop around Xmas and tried to blame it on me? Or the way
Ray Arachelian forges shit in my name and then complains about his own
forgeries? This Armenian creep is truly despicable.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 17:46:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [STATS] Cypherpunks subscriptions on and off 
Not only that - the "captive" audience has announced time and again
that they've killfiled me, Dale, aga, and anyone else who dares to
say something they don't like. They already have the power to ignore
anyone they don't want to listen to. They want to stop Dale from
communicating with the _non-captive audience that chooses not to
ignore him.
P.S. They lie about their killfiles, of course - Ray Arachelian,
Paul Bradley, et al follow up on everything posted by the people
they claim to have killfiled! Their follow-ups are obsessive and
repetitive: "I've *plonked* you, so I have the last word, nyah
nyah". And the next day they reply to the same people they claim
to be ignoring.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-08 20:30:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! 
Just post something John Gilmore doesn't like... Like, advocate making
crypto available to the unwashed masses, rather than the effete elite,
or just defending freedom of speech.
John Gilmore will then unsubscribe you in no time and may even ban you
from using his majordomo.
Good luck.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-09 04:30:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Inflation-index bonds and private e-currency 
Look, the Reichstag is on fire!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-09 08:33:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
I suggest zero tolerance of Black Unicorn unless and until someone
reveals his real name.
ObModeratorFodder: Fuck the Armenians. Asshole censor John Gilmore
likes to suck big dicks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-09 10:33:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
That's from the same guy who endorses censorship on this mailing list...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-09 10:34:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Cypher punks" can't write code 
It isn't so.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-09 18:00:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More threatening e-mail from cocksucker John Gilmore and his cronies 
Dear Dimple,
It sounds like the ASALA terrorist Ray Arachelian  has
forged a subscription request in your name to the "cypher punks" mailing
list!  You can complain about his forgeries and net-abuse to his bosses:
             Jack D. Hidary              Murray Hidary              Nova Spivack With luck, you'll have this dandruff-covered Armenian vandal extradicted
to Singapore, where he'll be beaten with a rattan cane for his misdeeds.

@_date: 1997-01-09 18:02:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Interested in making extra income? 
You found the right mailing list.  I'm sure John Gilmore, Sandy Sanford,
Ray Arachelian, Zach Babyco, and other gay "cypher punks" are going to
take you up on your offer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-09 20:10:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cadaverine 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!panix!news.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!news3.cac.psu.edu!news.tc.cornell.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!NewsWatcher!user
Newsgroups: alt.revenge
Sender: trc7 at cornell.edu (Verified)
Organization: Not too good
Lines: 18
NNTP-Posting-Host: 132
In article <32d36497.310784677 at news.concentric.net>, Elmer at fudd.com (Elmer
Try Sigma Chemical Company out of St. Louis, MO.  They are a large
supplier of very pure scientific supplies.  Contact them to see what their
policies are in selling non-lethal compounds to people off the street. Cadaverine is a by-product of protein fermentation by bacteria and is not
harmful.  If you are planning to bomb someone's home with it, it will
dissipate over a couple of days because it is so volatile.  Another source
is dog training supply houses, body-locating dogs are trained by use of
cadaverine and putrescine, another similar compound. Hope this helps.
L. Rumen
Large Hairball available upon request

@_date: 1997-01-10 04:50:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderation and the Polymorphic Virus 
*IF* you write code (as opposed to putting your name on someone else's
code) then you're not a "cypher punk".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-10 04:52:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
Not quite.
          No censorship
          is better than
          consistent censorship
          is which is better than
          arbitrary censorship.
*IF* this list is to be moderated, then Unicorn and Plucky Green have
to banned from it - unless their real names are revealed.
OK, let's guess one letter at a time. Does your last name start with 'M'?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-10 10:04:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: would you be my friend? 
I'm sure you'll make lots of friends on the cypherpunks mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-10 19:20:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: would you be my friend? 
John Gilmore is 58 - would you consider a MUCH older man?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-10 23:21:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: $$$ MAKE.MONEY.FAST with the new Cypherpunk PGP MLM $$$ 
Fellow Debtor:
Hello!  Would you like to make thousands of dollars, quickly, legally,
with NO CATCH?  Then keep reading....please take five minutes to read
this article it will change your life, just like it did mine.  It's
true!  You can make up to or over $50,000 dollars in 4-6 weeks, maybe
sooner!  I SWEAR IM NOT LYING TO YOU, AND THIS IS NOT A SCAM!  If you're
interested, keep reading; if you're not, I apologize for wasting your
My name is John Gilmore. A little while ago, my life was miserable. In
September 1995 my car was repossessed and the bill collectors were
hounding me like you wouldn't believe. I was laid off and my unemployment
checks had run out. I had just moved in with my lover High and we were
$95,000 in debt! I couldn't make the payments and the bank repossessed my
car. I remember the day my lover Hugh phoned me, crying. The landlord had
shown up at the house with an eviction notice because we hadn't paid the
rent in three and a half months. We stayed at our relatives until we found
a new apartment that we could afford. Talk about embarrassing! My life
sucked, and it seemed to be getting worse every day. The only escape I had
from the pressures of failure was my computer and my modem. I longed to
turn my avocation into my vocation.
Things are different now. In January 1997 my boyfriend and I went on a
ten day cruise to the tropics. I bought a brand new Lincoln Town Car
with CASH in December 1996. I am currently building a new home in
Sausalito, with a private pool, boat slip, an a beautiful view of the
bay from my breakfast room table and patio. I will never have to work
again. Today I am RICH! I have earned over $800,000.00 (Eight Hundred
Thousand Dollars) to date and will become a millionaire within 4 or 5
months. Anyone can do the same. I own and rent out three large homes in
San francisco. My own house is worth over $450,000. My lover drives a
Mercedes and I drive a Porsche. I have more money in the bank than I
think I could ever spend! When I buy something I always pay cash, and
let me tell you, it's a powerful feeling to finally have control of my
life. I have no financial worries anymore. I couldn't ask to be happier.
My life is perfect!
Best of all, I have time to enjoy life. No more 50 and 60 hour weeks,
working two jobs, just trying to pay the bills. No more fighting with my
lover from the stress of never having enough money for grocieries. I
work about three hours a day. The rest of the time is left to have fun,
to do the things I really love. I finally have time to spend with my
family. That's better than all the money in the world! My favorite thing
is to go on picnics with my boyfriend I also like to travel. My lover
and I just got back from a three week second honeymoon in Cancun.
I'm not tryng to brag or impress you with my wealth. What I'm trying to
do is prove to you that if I wasn't lucky enough to have learned about
PGP that day, I would still be poor, probably bankrupt. It was only
because of that amazing money-making encryption program that I was able
to become debt free, and very wealthy. I hate to think of where my
boyfriend and I would have been today."
It works because of basic mathematical and statistical principles. This
process is somewhat similar to a pyramid process, only bigger and
broader. It is definitely more profitable for all who participate.
This money-making program works perfectly every time, 100% of the time.
I have NEVER failed to earn $50,000.00 or more whenever I wanted. Best
of all, you never have to leave home except to go to your mailbox or
post office.
Follow these instructions exactly and you could make $100,000 in the
next 30 days. This program REALLY works. It makes money for those who
use it honestly! Take the time to read it COMPLETELY!
First of all, yes, this is another one of those "let's try to make some
easy money fast" things that you often see on the NET. If you wish to
find out more and possibly participate, read on. If you do not believe
in this sort of thing, please move on to the next post - BUT DO NOT
FLAME ME FOR "ABUSE" OF THE NET. Fact is, this wonderful electronic
world is for the exchange of ideas and experimentation, so why not try
something new? Mathematically it works out, so it is all up to your
This is no scam. It is perfectly legal. Forward this around to all of
your friends. Tell them to get involved too.
I know, ordinarily, we disregard these letters because they usually
don't work like they are supposed to, but this ONE is DIFFERENT!
Ray Arachelian used this legal program last year and made $82,360 in
cash the first time he used it. Needless to say, he quit his job at
Earthweb LLC immediately paid off all debts in full, and started another
Believe me, this is an EASY opportunity. You can do this all on your
computer, by "JUST PRESSING A FEW BUTTONS". You will EASE YOUR FINANCIAL
PRESSURES, and begin to make GOOD things happen for you and your family.
Knowing public key cryptography changed my life completely. It brought
me success, wealth, happiness, anonymity, freedom and time to be with my
friends who I love. But most importantly, it gave me peace of mind. This
MLM will change your life, too! It will give you everything you need and
allow you to solve ALL your money problems. Of course, you don't have to
take my word for it. You can try it out for yourself.
This is going to sound like a con, but in fact it works! The person who
is now  on the list was  when I got it, which was only a few days
ago. Five dollars is a small investment in your future. Forget the
lottery for a week, and give this a try. It can work for ALL of us.
Why am I willing to share this secret knowledge with you when it's worth
so much? To make money? Not even close! First of all, I already have all
the money and possessions I'll ever need. Second, I don't stand to lose
any money by telling you how to make money for yourself. It doesn't
involve any competition at all. Third, nothing pleases me more than
helping out others who recognize an incredible opportunity and jump
right on it.
I wasted quite a bit of money sending away for one money- making scheme
after another. I found out what you probably already know. They all
turned out to be garbage. The only one who made any money were the
companies who sold them, like RSA.
About six months ago I received the enclosed post in letter form. I
ignored it. I received about five more of the same letter within the
next two week.I ignored them also. Of course, I was tempted to follow
through and dreamed of making thousands, but I was convinced it was just
another gimmick and could not possibly work.
In October 1996, I received a letter in the mail telling me how I could
earn $50,000.00 or more whenever I wanted. I was naturally very
skeptical and threw the letter on the desk next to my computer. It's
funny though, when you are desperate, backed into a corner, your mind
does crazy things. I spent a frustrating day looking through the want
ads for a job with a future. The pickings were sparse at best. That
night I tried to unwind by booting up my computer and reading several
newsgroups. I read several of the messages posted and then glanced at
the letter laying next to the computer. All at once it became clear to
me. I now had the key to my dreams.
I was wrong! About three weeks later I saw this same letter posted on a
local bulletin board in Montreal. I liked the idea of giving it a try
with my computer. I didn't expect much because I figured, if other
people were as skeptical as I, they would not be too quick to part with
$5.00. But, I BUY LOTTERY TICKETS WEEKLY IN CALIFORNIA AND HAVE NOTHING
TO SHOW FOR IT BUT TICKET STUBS! This week I decided to look at this as
my weekly lottery purchase. I addressed the envelopes and mailed out
$1.00 in each as directed. Two weeks went by and I didn't receive
anything in the mail. The fourth week rolled around and I couldn't
believe what happened! I can not say that I received $50,000.00, but it
was definitely well over $35,000.00! For the first time in 10 years I
got out of debt. It was great. Of course, it did not take me long to go
through my earnings, so I am using this excellent money opportunity once
again. FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS AND GET READY TO ENJOY!
I realized that with the power of the computer I could expand and
enhance this money making formula into the most unbelievable cash flow
generator that has ever been created. I substituted the Usenet
newsgroups in place of the post office and electronically did by
computer what others were doing by mail. Now only a few letters are
mailed manually. Most of the hard work is speedily downloaded to other
bulletin boards throughout the world. If you believe that some day you
deserve that lucky break that you have waited for all of your life,
simply follow the easy instructions below. Your dreams WILL come true.
This PGP MLM is completely different. It's unlike anything you could
ever imagine! I used to be "the little guy". Poor, trying to make ends
meet (and losing) and with no opportunity whatsoever. And now it's my
turn to give something back to the "little guy".
My PGP MLM is incredibly simple. Anyone can use it. You can get started
for almost NO MONEY ($5) and the risk is ZERO! You don't need special
training or even a high school education. There's no physical labor
involved. It doesn't matter how young or how old you are. It's simple
enough for a child to learn in a couple hours. You can use PGP in the
comfort of your home or even while your on vacation!
I'll tell you more about this amazing MLM:
With the PGP MLM the money rolls in FAST. If you can follow easy
instructions you can get started in a single afternoon and have CASH in
your pocket the next morning! In fact, this just might be the fastest,
most honest, legal method to make money ever invented! It's risk-free
and it's not a dangerous gamble. Everything you do is proven and
GUARANTEED. You can get started for absolutely nothing. The method is so
simple, it would be hard to make a mistake even if you tried!
This is a VERY safe way to get cash. Making money with PGP is a snap.
You'll be amazed at how easy it really is. You can work whenever you
want. You're not tied down to anything or anybody. You're your own boss
and you make your own hours.
One of the nicest things about this MLM is that anyone can do it in
their own home. No office. No equipment. No staff. No overhead. NO
hassles. It doesn't even matter where you live. It's perfect for
students, homemakers, kids, seniors and anyone who likes the idea of
being insanely rich! It's also perfect if you're just looking for a
little bit of extra cash.
PGP will blow your mind! When you use it to make money you never have to
try to convince anybody of anything. There's no door-to-door selling, no
telemarketing and no real estate or anything that involves personal
contact. So you don't have to be a good sales person because there are
no sales!
PGP is completely legal and honest. You'll sleep good at night knowing
that you are providing a very valuable key escrow service. You'll be
proud of what you are doing.
Professional care has been taken to insure that this Marketing Plan does
NOT violate any laws! (Reference U.S. Code, Title 18 Section 302,1343,
and TITLE 39, Section 3005).
You're probably sceptical. I wouldn't expect less from you. It just
shows you have good business sense.
One enterprising young man learned to escrow PGP keys as described here
and tried it his first day and made $2,000 profit in just a few hours.
"This is the ultimate lazy man's way to riches. You'll be amazed at how
easy it is. And you may very easily do better than $2,000 with the
step-by-step instructions he will send you. Thanx John."
Another man, from Chicago, lined up a $30,000.00 profit in his first two
months. Now he works three days a week and takes the rest of the month
"Gilmore's 'Incredible 7-Step Path to Success' is a MUST for anyone who
contemplates making huge amounts of money as an independant
"I never really believed those success stories...never thought I'd be
one of them...using PGP, in just 8 months I made over $203,000...made
over $22,000 in the last two and a half weeks! It's simple...easy...very
fast...Mr. Gilmore, thank you for your Cypherpunks MLM."
"If you'd like to make some quick cash, this is the opportunity you've
been waiting for. This is good and honest money. This MLM could make you
more money then you would know what to with, though I'm sure you could
figure out something! I was supplied with detailed instructions and cash
was available the very next day. Thank you John!"
"I'm amazed at my success! By using PGP I made over $600,000 in five
months. That's more than 35 times what I used to make in a year. (I quit
my job after using PGP for 2 weeks!) My whole life I was waiting
for this miracle! Thank you John Gilmore."
"... Your plan is awesome! I never expected something so different and
easy that will actually make me an easy $3,000.00 on a weekly basis. A
GREAT many thanks to you."
".... as an attorney, I come across a lot of money making opportunities,
but I never even heard of anything like this before."
"This is without a doubt the most powerful millionaire-maker in
"Two years ago, I mailed you fifty dollars in sheer desperation for a
better life... One year ago, from using PGP, a man called and offered me
a partnership... I grossed over $160,000 cash business in seven months!
You are a God sent miracle to me. Thank you Micheal and God Bless you
and your family."
"He does more than give general ideas. He gives people an easy to
follow, A to Z plan to make big money."
"I didn't believe you when you said PGP could make me money by the next
morning. Man, was I wrong! By the VERY NEXT MORNING $7200 poured in, in
less than 24 hours!! I am still dumbfounded to tell you the honest
truth. To anyone who is considering using PGP: Just Do It! I was
sceptical at first but trust me the $5 is well worth it! You literally
make it back in a day. To the authors of PGP: thank you for making me
rich rich rich! I'm not done using your plan yet!
One man claims he and his wife can "make a million dollars in a few
hours while watching television."
PGP key escrow has been named the "most amazing money-making,
life-changing, best-kept secret EVER!" "If you can't become a
millionaire with this program, you can't become a millionaire at all."
That's probably true.
I heard an ex-auto worker from Detroit was one of the first to put PGP
to work. He had been downsized recently from one of the big auto makers.
Simply put, he had been laid off with no hope of returning soon. He took
a chance on himself and, that' s right!.... He downloaded PGP and
followed the easy instructions. Word has it within three weeks he made
over $4,000.00. And this was just in his spare time.
As you can tell by now, I've found something pretty good. I think I've
come across the sweetest money-making program you could ever imagine.
Remember- I GUARANTEE IT!
Usually it takes big money to make big money. This is the exception.
With PGP you can start in your spare time with almost no money. But you
don't have to start small and you don't have to stay small. You can go
as fast and as high as you wish. The size of your profits are totally up
to you. I can't guarantee how much money you'll make by using PGP,
because that part's up to your needs, your wants and your dreams.
And there you have it. At last I've explained this remarkable program in
a special money-making plan. I call it "GILMORE'S INCREDIBLE PLAN TO
WEALTH". Some call it a miracle. Others call it "the crypto program that
changed my life and gave me astounding wealth." You'll probably call it
"The Money Program". You'll learn everything you need to know
step-by-step. So you too can put this amazing money making program to
work for you and make ALL THE MONEY YOU WANT.
Do you realize what this means? You can use this incredible program FREE
and without any risk. And if for ANY reason you are not 100% satisfied
after using the MLM for 30 days, I will send you your $5 back, PLUS an
extra $20 CASH, for absolutely FREE, just for giving PGP an honest
effort according to the simple, easy to follow instructions! So if you'd
like to make a quick ten grand in 24 hours this is just for you!
I GUARANTEE IT! And with my guarantee there's absolutely NO RISK ON YOUR
I just read an article in an Internet newsgroup describing how to make
$50,000.00 in only one month from a $5.00 investment.
Of course I thought this was rediculous ,or some type of pyramid. I
talked it over with my family, an attorney, and my friends, and they all
agreed it was some sort of scam.I hate scams because usually someone
gets burned, and I didn't want it to be me! I blew it off for a few
weeks then saw another one in a newsgroup I go to alot and thought,
"Maybe this is legitimate!". Besides, whats $5.00 , I spend more than
that in the morning on my way to work on coffee and meals for the day.
Well, two weeks later,I began recieving money in the mail! I couldn't
believe it! Not just a little , I mean big bucks! At first only a few
hundred dollars, then a week later, a couple of thousand , then BOOM .
By the end of the fourth week , I had recieved nearly $47,000.00. It
came from all over the world.And every bit of it perfectly legal and on
the up and up. I've been able to pay off all my bills and still had
enough left over for a nice vacation for me and my family.
Not only does it work for me, it works for other folks as well. Ray
Arachelian says he made $57,883 in four weeks. Zach Babayco claims he
made $53,664 in the same amount of time. Chris Lewis says it was only
$17,000 for him. Do I know these folks? No, but when I read how they say
they did it, it made sense to me. Enough sense that I'm taking a similar
chance with $5 of my own money. Not a big chance, I admit--but one with
incredible potential, because $5 is all anyone ever invests in this
system. Period. That's all Markus, Dave, or Dan invested, yet their $5
netted them tens of thousands of dollars each, in a safe, legal,
completely legitimate way.
You can make up to, or over, $50,000 in only 4-6 weeks. I was browsing
through these newsgroups, just like you are now, and I came across an
article similar to this that said you could make thousands of dollars in
only weeks with an initial investment of ONLY $5! And, like you, I
thought " Yeah, right, must be a scam...". But, I was intrigued... like
most of us are...and so I kept reading. Anyway, the article said that
you were to send $1.00 to each of the 5 names and address and the
article in at least 250 newsgroups... there are thousands!.. no
catch...that was all you had to do.
So after thinking it over and talking to a few friends first, I decided
to try it...ofter all, if it really was a scam all I would loose would
be my $5 and the cost of 5 stamps, right...? Well, guess what... within
7 days, I started getting money in the mail...No kidding! I have to tell
you, I was suprised to say the least. I still figured it would end soon
and didn't give it too much thought. But then money kept coming
in...tripling in numbers and multiplying by 10 nad 20 times the amount
that I got the first week! In my first week I made about $20 or $30 .
But by the end of the second week, I had made a total of over $1,000!!
In the third week, I had over $10,000, and it's still growing. This is
my fourth week and I've made about $42,000 TOTAL...and the money is
still coming in.
Sincerely yours,
John Gilmore
Follow these instructions EXACTLY, and in 20 to 60 days you will have
received well over $50,000.00 cash, all yours. This program has remained
successful because of the HONESTY and integrety of the participants.
Please continue its success by CAREFULLY ADHERING to the instructions.
Welcome to the world of Public Key Cryptography! This little business is
somewhat different than most mail order houses. Your product is not
solid and tangible, but rather a service. You are in the business of
escrowing Public Keys. Many government agencies are happy to pay big
bucks for public keys. (The money made from the key escrow is secondary
to the income which is made from people like yourself requesting that
their keys be escrowed.)
1. First, you must obtain the program called PGP. These FTP sites have it:
If you have access to email, but not to ftp, send a message saying
"help" to ftpmail at decwrl.dec.com or mailserv at nic.funet.fi
2. Now you must install PGP as described in its documentation and run
the PGP key generation command "pgp -kg". PGP shows you a menu of key
sizes. Pick the biggest one available. It also asks for a user ID, which
means your name and e-mail address. Spaces and punctuation are allowed
in the user ID. It would help if you put your E-mail address in  after your name, like so:
    John Gilmore PGP also asks for a "pass phrase" to protect your secret key in case it
falls into the wrong hands. Nobody can use your secret key file without
this pass phrase. The pass phrase is like a password, except that it can
be a whole phrase or sentence with many words, spaces, punctuation, or
anything else you want in it. Don't lose this pass phrase-- there's no
way to recover it if you do lose it. This pass phrase will be needed
later every time you use your secret key. The pass phrase is
case-sensitive, and should not be too short or easy to guess. It is
never displayed on the screen. Don't leave it written down anywhere
where someone else can see it, and don't store it on your computer.
3. Now use the "pgp -kxa userid keyfile" command to copy your new public
key from your public key ring and place it in a separate public key file
suitable for distribution to your friends for escrow and inclusion in
their public key rings.
4. Invest your $5 by writing your name and e-mail address on five
separate pieces of paper along with the words, "Please escrow my PGP
key. You are number __", and a copy of the keyfile. In this way, you're
not just sending a dollar to someone. Key escrow is a legitimate service
that you are requesting and you are paying $5.00 for this service. Fold
a $1 bill (or a loonie), money order, or bank note inside each piece of
paper that you just wrote on and fold the piece of paper so the bill
will not be seen in the envelope (otherwise, nosey people who like to
steal mail with money in it will get yours!) and mail them by standard
U. S. Mail to the five addresses listed below.
 John Gilmore , P.O.Box 170608, San Francisco, CA
94117, 415-221-6524
 Timothy C. May , 427 Allan Lane, Corralitos, CA
 Ray Arachelian , 48-21 40th St, Apt 2B, Long Island
City, NY 11104-4111, 718-786-4227
 Alan Bostick , 680 66 St., Oakland, CA 94609,
 Jason Durbin , 8 Avocet Drive,  Redwood Shores,
CA 94065, 415-637-0435
5. Remove the name that appears as number 1 on the list. Move the other
4 names up one position (Number 2 becomes number 1, number 3 becomes
number 2, and so on). Place your name, address, zip code, and e-mail
address in the number 5 position.
6. With your name in the number 5 position, upload this ENTIRE amended
file to at least 250 different Usenet newsgroups. I'm told that there
are close to 30,000 of them, and all you need is 250 or so. Use the
subject header to draw attention to this file and its great potential
for all of us. See Netscape and Internet Explorer instructions below.
Try posting to as many newsgroups as you can. Remember: the more groups
you post to, the more people will see your article and send you cash!
7. Sit back and relax. You are now in business for yourself, and should
start seeing returns within 7 to 14 days! Remember, the Internet is new
and huge. There is no way you can lose.
HOW TO POST TO USENET:
If you use Netscape Navigator 3.0, do exactly the following:
     A) Highlight all newsgroups you want to mail your letter to which as you
know is done by holding down CTRL while left clicking. This way you can select
multiple newsgroups in one go, choose perhaps a dozen each time. You will then
see all the newsgroups you highlighted displayed in the Newsgroups Field. Then
click on "TO NEWS" which is on the far left when you're in the newsgroup page.
This will bring up a box to type a message.
      B)  Leave the "Newsgroups" box like it is. CHANGE the "Subject:" box
to something eye-catching like "NEED CASH $$$ READ HERE $$$" or "FAST
CASH!!" or "$$$ PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY AND MAKE MONEY FAST $$$"
      C)  Tab once and you should be ready to type. Now, paste (only once)
this entire article, word for word, except to insert your name at and to remove  off the list, plus any other small changes you  think you
need to make.  Keep almost all of it the same however. It works!!!
     D)  If you still have all of your text, send or post to this
newsgroups now by just clicking the "SEND" button (just below the "FILE"
dropdown menu and just above the CC: button)
     E)  Here's where you're going to post to 250 or more, newsgroups.
OK... click on any newsgroup then click on "TO NEWS".. again, in the top
left corner of your screen.  Leave the newsgroups box alone again, put a
flashy subject title in the SUBJECT BOX, hit TAB once and you're in the
body of the message.  Now paste this article again.
If you use Microsoft Internet Explorer, it's just as easy:
  Holding down the left mouse button, highlight this article. Then press the
"CTRL" key and the "C" key at the same time to copy the article. Or, go to the
EDIT dropdown menu and select COPY. Next, go to the newsgroups and press "POST
AN ARTICLE". A window will open. Type in your flashy headline in the SUBJECT
area and then click in the large window below. Press "CTRL" and then "V" and
the article will be pasted in the window. (Or, go to EDIT and then PASTE.) If
you want to edit the article, you can do so and then highlight and copy it
again (so your edited article will be copied again and again to each
  Now, every time you post the article in a new newsgroup all you have to
repeat is "CTRL" and "V" and press POST.
  F) That's it! Each time you do this, all you have to do is choose a different
newsgroup so you can post this message to 250 or more, DIFFERENT, newsgroups. I
know, I know,... you've still got 249 to go! Don't worry, each successive
article will only take about 30 SECONDS once you get the hang of it. Remember,
250 is the MINIMUM ... The more you post, the more money you will make!
Repeat the process over and over again by selecting further newsgroups
in multiples of 10's but try to be selective with the groups by posting
to high volume locations, and don't choose a subject that appears TOO
flashy, this will only put people off. This is an honest and legitimate
way of making a reasonable amount of money, and making it on a regular
basis. But only if your message is sincere and clearly understood by
others will you succeed.
You are now in the key escrow business and will start receiving your $1
envelopes from various people all over the world within days.
REMEMBER... The more newsgroups you post to, the more money you will
make! You may want to rent a P.0. Box eventually because of all the
mail. If you wish to stay anonymous, you can come up with a name, such
as "Manager" or "Investor" ... Just make sure all the address that you
have typed in for the 4 people plus yourself are correct, PLEASE.
Now here is how and why this public key escrow system works:
The Internet is growing daily at a phenomenal rate, quadrupling once a
year. Perhaps you already know this. With millions of people surfing the
Internet and an estimated 100,000 users scanning the newsgroups of which
there are nearly 30,000. This exposure is the key factor and the reason
why: You me and all those who take part cannot fail not to be
disappointed. Just think about it, if you became interested in this
article, why shouldn't thousands of others!
At first, I posted to nearly 250 newsgroups, but due to the response
soon increased this to 300, which brought in mail from Europe the Far
east, Australia and America. So with my first dozen replies I made
$12.00. But to simplify matters and keep the arithmetic easy, suppose I
had posted to 200 newsgroups with my name at five and just had five
replies which would have meant I earned $5.00.
In theory you make $5.00 for every two hundred postings with your name
at  Each person who sent you a $1.00 now also makes two hundred
postings with your name at four equating to $50.00. Your fifty new
agents also make two hundred postings each with your name at three, say
ten thousand postings equating to $500.00. These five hundred agents
again make two hundred postings each with your name at two equating to
$10.000 or one hundred thousand postings.
Finally, five thousand people once again make two hundred postings with
your name at one and this would equate to the mathematical statistic of
$50.000 before your name drops off the list. Which is pretty exciting
and mind boggling considering these figures are based on only two
hundred postings at a time being made down the line! Most people may
think these figures are ridiculous, but they do add up. After all they
do say the success of the Internet is due to it's sheer capacity of over
40 million.
Technically, you only need an average return of 2.5% from the 200
postings that each person makes in order to achieve these high figures.
So with the Internet comprising of 40 million user's the sky really is
the limit!!!
It's a never ending money making process because when your name finally
drops off the list, or indeed before if you really need the cash (and
who doesn't) you simply access another newsgroup posting and begin the
process over again, placing your name at Five. Please remember to upload
this article to as many newsgroups, local bulletin boards, message areas
and file sections as possible. The financial rewards are guaranteed, but
as stated, the level of success depends upon your efforts! And how much
posting you do.
This posting has been appearing for quite some time and has now
literally got thousands of people actively involved. No doubt like me,
you may have seen it before and become a little confused by the way it's
been explained. However, I personally have never believed in a so called
"Free lunch" and have always worked hard to support my family. But this
idea is so simple involving only a modest $5.00 investment that I simply
had to try it. At first, it took me quite a while to figure it out - my
first impressions led me to believe that there must be someone behind it
who alone is benefiting. But this isn't so, you only have to look at the
various postings to realise this; the thousands of postings that are
made all carry different names and addresses. So with so many people
involved I became convinced that with this particular program I too
could benefit. Although many of the postings have been modified the
basic principal remains the same, in my opinion the only problem has
been the way the initial concept has been repeatedly changed.
With this in mind I have set out to explain what I consider to be a
clearer version, in the hope there is no doubt in people's minds that
it's fully understood. Because believe me, this system does work! In
general, these postings lead you to believe you can make $50,000 within
a month, which I think is a little over the top. But now ten days after
my initial involvement, I'm beginning to get a reasonable and realistic
return with a further understanding of just how big this concept is. I
still cannot believe it - the money is coming in from all over the
world. That money sure comes in useful, but what's more important is the
fact I have proved this is a totally workable and legitimate system
involving no risk and no major cash outlay. My other concern was the
legal aspect, so I checked this through and was told that providing I
mail one dollar to the person I am asking to escrow my PGP key, I am in
fact paying for a service.
As a personal note:
The above figures are for demonstration purposes only with the whole
concept and current success based upon the number of people
participating. And the number of newsgroups and file sections you post
this article to. Yes, it really depends on you the individual! How much
money you want to make rests in your hands. Accessing newsgroups is very
easy considering there are nearly 30,000 to choose from. Your success
rate is determined by the amount of newsgroups accessed, you must follow
through and post this or your own similar article to hundreds of
newsgroups; maximise your postings and you maximise your cash intake.
The end result depends on you. You must follow through and repost this
article everywhere you can think of. The more postings you make, the
more cash ends up in your mailbox. It's too easy and too cheap to pass
So that's it. Pretty simple sounding stuff, huh? But believe me, it
works. There are millions of people surfing the net every day, all day,
all over the world. And 100,000 new people get on the net every day. You
know that, you've seen the stories in the paper. So, my friend, read and
follow the simple instructions and play fair. Thats the key, and thats
all there is to it. Print this out right now so you can refer back to
this article easily. Try to keep an eye on all the postings you made to
make sure everyone is playing fairly. You know where your name should
If you're really not sure or still think this can't be for real, then
don't do it. But please print this article and pass it along to someone
you know who really needs the bucks, and see what happens.
People have said, "What if the plan is played out and no one sends you
the money?" So what! What are the chances of that happening when there
are TONS of NEW honest users and NEW honest people who are joining the
Internet and newsgroups every day and are willing to give it a try?
Estimate are at 20,000 to 50,000 new users, EVERYDAY, with thousands of
those joining the actual Internet. Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY
and this WILL WORK... I promise you. You just have to be honest. Make
sure you print this article out RIGHT NOW (if it's not done yet).
Also... try to keep a list of everyone that sends you money and always
keep an eye on the newsgroups to make sure everyone is playing fairly.
PLEASE NOTE: This system is based on everyone being honest, but it's all
too tempting not to bother mailing out envelopes with dollar bills
inside. The success for all participating is dependant upon this taking
place and if carried out will mean a 500% increase on your article being
The system won't work to yours or indeed other people's advantage if you
don't follow the procedure. You can however, if you wish to remain
anonymous use a pseudonym - but please ensure your address is correct.
AS A FINAL NOTE: Many business ideas for making money, no matter how
well thought out and implemented simply don't get off the ground. And in
most cases is due to advertising costs, but the exposure obtained
through the Internet is quite honestly - pretty awesome, so please study
this article carefully taking all the time you want, because the moment
you begin participating you will be on track for some serious financial
rewards. By the very nature of the way the system works you may not see
the benefits the first week.
BUT COMMENCING THE SECOND WEEK, YOUR INTAKE OF MAIL FROM AROUND THE
WORLD WILL TRULY ASTONISH YOU!
Please give this some serious thought, because this is one of the few
money making schemes that really does work... GOOD LUCK!!!
REMEMBER... HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY... YOU DON'T NEED TO CHEAT THE
BASIC IDEA TO MAKE MONEY!! Good luck to all and please play fairly and
you will reap hugh rewards from this!
By the way, if you try to deceive people by posting the messages with
your name on the list and not sending the money to the people already on
the list, YOU WILL NOT GET MUCH RETURN! Someone I talked to (mean and
cheap) just did that and he only made $150 after 7 to 8 weeks!! Then he
sent the five $1 bills out... people added him to their lists ... and in
5 weeks, he had OVER $10,000! He than realize that there is no way to
cheat with himself.
THIS IS THE FAIREST AND MOST HONEST WAY I HAVE EVER SEEN TO SHARE THE
WEALTH OF THE WORLD WITHOUT COATING ANYTHING BUT FIVE DOLLARS AND A
LITTLE OF YOUR TIME! DO IT LIKE IT'S LAID OUT HERE... IT WILL WORK!!
Within 60 days you will receive over $50,000.00 in CASH.
Keep a copy of this file for yourself so that you can use it again and
again whenever you need money. As soon as you mail out these letters you
are automatically in the mail order business. People will be sending YOU
$5.00 to escrow their PGP keys.
This is a service.  **  IT IS PERFECTLY LEGAL  **
If you have any doubts as to the legality of this service, please refer
to Title 18, Sections 1302 and 1341 of the Postal Lottery Laws.
NOTE: Make sure that you retain EVERY name, address, and PGP key sent to
you, either on computer or hard copy, but do not discard the names and
notes that people send to you. This is PROOF that you are truly
providing a service, and should the I.R.S. or some other government
agency question you, you can provide them with this proof!
Remember, as each post is downloaded and the instructions carefully
followed, two memebers will be reimbursed for their participation as a
List Developer with $5.00 each. Your name will move up the list
geometrically so that when your name reaches the number 2 position you
will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash.
REMEMBER  -  THIS PROGRAM FAILS ONLY IF YOU ARE NOT HONEST  -  PLEASE!!
             PLEASE BE HONORABLE...IT DOES WORK!  THANK YOU
Testimonials from satisfied PGP users:
    Hey....
I'm one of the people who downloaded PGP a while ago, and I've made
quite a profit...not 50,000 dollars, but TONS more than the 5 bucks I
sent in. It might take more than 60 days to get 50,000, but I think I
can wait.
    Zach Babayco
    ANOTHER ADDITION BY A PARTICIPATING MEMBER
    PLEASE just try this and do it right it's only 5 dollars and its
legal, but DON'T try to cheat the system or you are cheating yourself!
    WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE, A MAXIMUM OF ```5$ !JUST TRY IT! SPREAD
IT EVERYWHERE, THE MORE YOU SPREAD THE MORE YOU MAKE!
    ******************************************************************
    *** ANOTHER ADDITION BY -=XxX=- **********************************
    ******************************************************************
    THIS WORKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I AM PROOF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
    DO IT...!!!!!!!!!!
    THIS IS REAL AND LEGAL. AND IF U DO NOT FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS
EXACTLY AND DO NOT RECIEVE ANY OR LITTLE MONEY. DO NOT BLAME IT ON THE
MAILING LIST NAMES. JUST INCLUDE YOUR NAME OR WHERE U GOT THIS TEXT FILE
FROM EXAMPLE AMERICA ON LINE ETC... ALSO THE NAMES ON THIS LIST HAVE
NOTHING TO DO WITH IF YOU GET YOUR MONEY OR NOT. IT IS GUARANTEED YES
THAT YOU WILL GET YOUR MONEY BUT THIS PROTECTS ALL NAMES ON THIS TEXT
FILE. AND JUST REMEMBER IT IS NOT OUR FAULT THAT YOU READ THE DIRECTIONS
WRONG AND DID NOT RECIEVE ALL YOUR MONEY. IF U DID NOT SEND IN ONE
DOLLAR TO EACH 5 NAMES THAT WILL MAKE IT SO YOU WILL NOT GET MONEY SO
FOLLOW AND FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY!!!!!!!!!!!! AND PROMISED
50,000 DOLLARS WILL COME!!!!!!!!
    Timothy C. May
    This system works equally well if mailed out manually. Mind you it
takes more effort to hand address the envelopes and the cost goes up
proportionately to cover the postage and envelopes. You must also photo
copy the instructions, cross out the name in number one position, write
in your name in the number ten slot and change the rest of the numbers
accordingly. (It might be neater to use white out or paste over the
names.) In order to achieve the same results you must send out the $1.00
to the first five names and then send out another 100 letters with
copies of the program enclosed.
    It has been suggested not to put a return address on the outside of
the envelope in order to encourage the recipient to open it. The return
will approximate that then received from the posts listed on the
bulletin boards.
    OK HERE'S THE DEAL. AT PRESENT I AM A BUSINESS MAJOR AT VANDERBILT
AND THIS PROGRAM MAKES A WORLD OF SENSE TO ME. I RECENTLY READ ABOUT A
GUY THAT TOOK A PENNY FROM EVERY PERSON'S BANK ACCOUNT AT THE NEW YORK
CITY BANK. AFTER 2 YEARS OF DOING THIS ILLEGALY HE BECAME A MILLIONAIRE.
BUT GOT GREEDY AND GOT CAUGHT. SAME PRINCIPLE HERE. TAKE A DOLLAR FROM
EVERYONE WHO GETS THIS AND ALTHOUGH THEIR GIVING PRACTICALLY NOTHING,
THE RECEIVER IS GETTING LOTS. SORTA THE HUMANE THING TO DO. IF YOU COULD
GIVE A GUY A BUCK AND HELP HIM HAVE THE MONEY TO PAY OFF A DEBT OR SAVE
MONEY FOR RETIREMENT WHY NOT? THEN AFTER YOU SEND A DOLLAR JUST
MANIPULATE THIS FILE LIKE IT STATES ABOVE AND PEOPLE WILL BE HELPING YOU
OUT TOO. MY DAD TAUGHT BE TO BE CAREFUL OF THINGS THAT SOUND TO GOOD TO
BE TRUE CAUSE THEY USUALLY ARE BUT WHAT CAN YOU LOSE BY GIVING $5!!! YOU
HAVE ALL TO WIN AND NOTHING TO LOSE. L8R
    Hi all, I will not say my name, as I wish to remain anonymous, but I
have something to say. IT WORKS. I am THE most sceptical person on the
face of the earth. I saw this, and say _-=BS=-_..no
way...impossible..then my friend told me he did it.. he said he made
about 50 bucks..I said no way..he proved it to me.. I decided, what the
hell...I sent out my 5 bucks, and Sent this thing to about a 400 people,
not to BBS's, just E-mail. 3 weeks went by, and I FINALLY got ONE dollar
in the mail. It has been about 3 months since that day I got my first
dollar, and now every day when I go to get my mail, there are about 3
dollar bills in my box waiting for me. I have made almost 300 dollars. I
dunno about that guy and his 50 thous., but if someone offered you 300
dollars for FREE, would you take it? Do this guys...it WORKS!!!
    Jason Durbin
    Hey guys,
    I am  I just got this a few days ago as an e-mail. Over my life I
have received over 50 e-mails just like this, which I avoided. Finally I
am gonna give it a shot. If it works, great, but if it doesn't than oh
well. Its only 5 bucks guys. That's it. And forwarding this to everyone
you know, and U/Load it to Newsgroups and BBS's. So far, I have sent
this to over 2000 people on the net, including BBS's, Newgroups, IRC,
and America Online. The more copies you send out, the more of a chance
you have of getting money in the mail. You guys may not $50,000 heh ehh.
I doubt anyone can. They all just say that to get your attention. But
possibly you could get at least $500. But hey, if someone offerd you
$500 would you take it? Of cource would. All it is, is just 5 dollars.
That's it. Send a dollar each to each address listed below. Include your
name, address, e-mail address, and where you got "FASTCASH.TXT" from.
Just give it a shot guys. Its perfectly legal, I know that cause a few
of my friends did and they together all made about $750. heh heh, the
IRS is not gonna come knocking on your door or the FBI or any other
government agency. Those are all rumors from people who were
unsuccessful at doing this. HONESTY COUNTS. Once you've sent the dollar
to someone you are added to their mailing list. Just give it a shot
guys. Its only $5. What do else are you gonna do. Just be patient for
your money to arrive. Its not all gonna come the day you send the 5
bucks. It may take 2 or 3 weeks for the money to role in. Then for the
next 2 months, everyday you will be receiving letters with dollar bills
in your mailbox.
    Alan Bostick
    10-20-96
    Hi I have found that the best way to do this is to use the news part
of Netscape 3.0. All you have to do is click on "To News" in the upper
lefthand corner. Copy this article to your clipboard, if you are using
windows, then go into your clipboard while you still have the News box
open. Edit the artile as necessary and then select edit "copy". Next go
back to your News box and select edit "paste" and you will
find that the article is posted in the box with all the necessary
changes. Put a flashy subject in the subject box to attract attention,
then you can send it to a newsgroup and your on your way to make big
    **********************************************************
    *** REMEMBER....HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY.YOU DON'T   ***
    *** NEED TO CHEAT THE BASIC IDEA TO MAKE THE MONEY!    ***
    *** GOOD LUCK TO ALL,AND PLEASE PLAY FAIR AND YOU WILL ***
    *** WIN AND MAKE SOME REAL INSTANT FREE CASH!          ***
    **********************************************************

@_date: 1997-01-11 06:40:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
As a moderator, Plucky would certainly approve his own articles.
In fact, anything he submits would be approved automatically.
In this one he goes on to write:
If I were to say, "I am not vermin", my response would be rejected by the
moderator(s) as being off-topic.
Therefore, Plucky Green (who by the way posts on news.admin.net-abuse.* and
various Macintosh newsgroups under his real name) is already not bothered
by my response. He just doesn't want others to see it.
Plucky Green is in turn responding to Ray Arachelian, who runs a "filtered"
version of Cypherpunks. Ray posts lies about me to both the main "cypher
punks" mailing list and his "filtered" one (falsely accusing me of "spamming",
of causing mail loops, etc). When I reply and refute his lies, my responses
don't go to Ray's "filtered" list. Plucky wants the extend his ability to
suppress the victim's ability to refute libel.
ObCrypto: I challenge the "cypher punks" to decode the following text:
Nffubyr prafbe Wbua Tvyzber vf n cngurgvp byq pbpxfhpxre.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 06:42:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Here's another typical post from Igor's soc.culture.russian.moderated (NOT).
Igor Chudov, a moderator of s.c.r.m, calls M. Kagalenko "envious eunich", but
Kagalenko has been banned from posting to s.c.r.m because he objected to its
creation (i.e. he's on the "blacklist" and his submissions are auto-rejected).
]From: mkagalen at lynx.dac.neu.edu (Michael Kagalenko)
]Newsgroups: soc.culture.russian,alt.genius.bill-palmer
]Subject: Re: Envious Eunuch's E-Mail Evacuations
]Message-ID: <5audbm$4vf at lynx.dac.neu.edu>
]Date: 7 Jan 1997 15:57:26 -0500
]Organization: Northeastern University, Boston, MA. 02115, USA
]][newsgroups trimmed]
]]>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
]]>[crossposted to alt.genius.bill-palmer]
]]Professor, eh? Well, well, well......
]]>> >That's right, Mike;  I'll give you the bad news right here in
]]>> >soc.culture.russian, since in your e-mailing, you claimed to
]]>> >speak for--NOT MICHAEL KAGALENKO, EUNUCH--but the entire
]]>> >s.c.r. readership, in trying to run me off because you were
]]>> >infuriated by a recent posting of mine.
]]>> Well, I don't know about the entire readership, but he certainly
]]>> speaks for me in this regard.
]]>Envious Eunuch Kagalenko surely does NOT speak for me and many of my
]]>acquaintainces. We support Bill's struggle against the mischievous
]]>censorous eunuch.
]]You're just angry 'cause Kagalenko tried to crash your machine.
] Correction; if I have tried to crash Chudov's computer, it would have been
] crashed. I'd venture to guess that getting root on his Linux box
] wouldn't be all that hard, either.
](Followups to sc.r.moderasted)
]Couldn't honour it, as I am permanently banned from there.
]ABILITY,n. The natural equipment to accomplish some small part of the meaner
]           ambitions distinguishing able men from dead ones.
]                -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 06:50:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: David Lesher posts a good one to rec.humror.funny 
Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny
Organization: NRK Research
Lines: 42
Approved: funny-request at clari.net
There is a thread about those supermarket "discount customer" cards
in misc.consumer. Here's MY followup:
Dear Mr. Jones:
We noticed you've not picked up any condoms at SpiffyMart recently.
(Your last purchase was 8 weeks ago.) Further, you have stopped
buying feminine hygiene products, but have sharply increased
your frozen pizza and dinners usage in the same time frame.
It's clear that Ms. Jody Sanders has dumped you.  (It's probably
for the best - we knew she was a loser from that cheap shampoo she
buys.) We confirmed this with the Post Office database -- yep, she
filed a change of address.
We at Horny International offer our condolences.  As the number-one
vender of hot X-rated videos, we'd like to help you out in this
time of stress. If you're feeling lonely, check out our catalog of
both VHS and super 8 tapes.
Order now and we throw in an extra tape FREE!
Yours Truly;
Sleazy Jerk, Marketing Manager.
ps: That "blond" at O'Dougles last Saturday -- you bought her
2nd Strawberry Martini? Forget it! She's on her third yeast
infection in as many months, and is a 'regular' at Acme Pharmacy.
(Her HMO computer gossips with ours.) You never know what else she
might have. Our tapes are LOTS safer!..
Selected by Jim Griffith.  MAIL your joke to funny at clari.net.
This newsgroup is sponsored by ClariNet Communications Corp.  Read about
The Internet Joke Book -- the best of RHF at

@_date: 1997-01-11 13:00:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
They're supposed to illustrate what will happen soon on the moderated
"cypher punks" mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 13:00:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
This is the jerk responsible for the mail loop last Xmas, which the Armenian
liar Ray Arachelian tried to blame on me.
That's what the German industrialists kept telling Hinderburg.
"Lets (sic) give Adolf Hitlet a chance - PLEASE!!!'
Hitler wrote _Mein Kampf in 1926 and came to power in 1933.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 13:00:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
If the content says: "Dr. Vulis is a crazy Russian Jew, don't tell him what
a petard is, and fuck the colored race", then the origin is pretty obvious.
But Plucky green would be able to call people "vermin", and "crazy Russian"
just like Igor is able to call his enemies "eunichs".
ObModeratorFodder: John Gilmore is a lying cocksucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 13:30:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Satellite Gone (fwd) 
Fox is on the "outside" where TimeWarner/Turner and Disney are on the "inside".
Fix tried to launch a cable news channel to compete against CNN.. TimeWarner
simply refused to carry it. :-)
What happens on "cypher punks" happens in the real world too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 13:30:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: John, Sandy & the Dr. DV K Conspiracy Theory 
If you think their agenda is what I think it is, then it all adds up.
So far, so good. Unfortunately mail loops happen every once in a while.
What was unusual about the one this list had about Xmastime was that
a) Ray Arachelian "officially" accused me of being responsible for it,
  and this lie has not been retracted by him or Gilmore or anyone.
b) the poster responsible for the maling loop (ufh.wirenet.net) just
  posted a rant in favor of moderation.
Too bad some hooligans break the ranks to shout to Dale: "Soon Sandy
will shut you up!"
I think Gilmore's pretty transparent. Gilmore is running for the Internet
Soviet [Council] right now, so he doesn't want his lies and hypocricy
exposed on his own private forum.
ObModeratorFodder: I hope cocksuckers Gilmore and Sandfart give each other AIDS
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 14:50:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
I dug up a few Sandy e-mails from my archives. Does the prospective moderator's
propensity to describe his enemies' words as "logical fallacy" and "illogical
claptrap" remind you of one paranoid anonymous control freak who used to spell
his stupid nym in lowercase and then flamed me when I quoted it verbatim?
]From sandfort at crl.com  Wed Sep 18 11:09:58 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Wed, 18 Sep 96 20:39:18 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from crl14.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA15749
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 08:10:29 -0700
]Received: by crl14.crl.com id AA10349
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5); Wed, 18 Sep 1996 08:04:08 -0700
]Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 08:04:07 -0700 (PDT)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: A Bizarre Increase in the Ad Hominems Here
]In-Reply-To: ]Message-Id: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
]                          SANDY SANDFORT
] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
]Like Tim, I'm a little surprised at all the stupid name calling
]on the list lately.
]> I don't think Timmy believes his own lies.
]Again, I don't believe Tim lies, the good doctor's assertions to
]the contrary not withstanding.
]> Is Timmy gay?
]You should have seen the babe Tim was with at my party.  Where
]do folks come up with this nonsense?
]> Timmy is known as a nutcase and a liar - if he keeps up his
]> "character assassination" attacks, the only reputation he hurts
]> is his own.
]Yeah, that's the way reputation works, but the gun is definitely
]pointed in the other direction.
] S a n d y
]From sandfort at crl.com  Fri Sep 20 20:39:49 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Fri, 20 Sep 96 21:01:24 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from crl.crl.com (crl.com) by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA27356
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Fri, 20 Sep 1996 17:40:14 -0700
]Received: by crl.crl.com id AA20262
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ); Fri, 20 Sep 1996 17:33:03 -0700
]Date: Fri, 20 Sep 1996 17:33:02 -0700 (PDT)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Subject: Re: Dimitri Spams
]In-Reply-To: ]Message-Id: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
]> > Dimitri, get a life!  We need Dimitri Spams as much as we needed
]> > Perrygrams.  Which is to say, we need them not at all!
]> I see you lied when you claimed to have killfiled me.
]Logical falacy.  He could have killfiled you and then reinstated
]you.  In the alternative, someone could have sent him a copy of
]your post.  All in all, no proof of a lie.  Grow up.
]From sandfort at crl.com  Sat Sep 21 22:54:46 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Sun, 22 Sep 96 00:41:18 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from crl5.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA10214
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Sat, 21 Sep 1996 19:55:01 -0700
]Received: by crl5.crl.com id AA05873
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ); Sat, 21 Sep 1996 19:42:26 -0700
]Date: Sat, 21 Sep 1996 19:42:25 -0700 (PDT)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Subject: Re: Timmy May's spam (Was: Re: CIA hacked)
]In-Reply-To: ]Message-Id: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
]Please stop spamming the list.  You can air your complaints, real
]or imaginary, against Tim or others without dumping tons of spam
]into everyone's lap.  I'm sure there would be much more sympathy
]to your situation if you did not exacerbate the situation.
] S a n d y
]> >
]> > > > [email reply protesting spam]
]> > >
]> > > You are confused. The above question was e-mailed to me by one of
]> > > Timmy May's friends.
]> >
]> > What you were doing was confusing... how about attributing what people
]> > have said to you, in the standard way?  I was unsure what was going on
]> > until you clarified here.  Instead of including all the headers in
]> > there with just a space between your headers and the quoted headers
]> > (which makes it hard to follow, and makes one wonder if someone is
]> > trying a crude forgery), use standard quoting conventions:
]> >
]> > 	Joe Blogss  writes in private email:
]> > 	> [quoted message body]...
]> >
]> > or similar?
]> You're right - the forwarding mechanism I've been using so far just yanks in
]> the spam e-mail without any processing. I will henceforth
]>  1) Put the words 'Tim', 'May', and 'spam' in the subject line
]>  2) Put some obvious ASCII prefix in front of the quotes.
]> I apologize for any confusion.
]> > > If you have any comments about Timmy May's friends not knowing
]> > > English, trying to insult people, and posting non-crypto-relevant
]> > > political rants, address them to Timmy May and his friends.
]> >
]> > It would seem to me that the first insults were thrown by yourself,
]> > and that your strange habit of bouncing all the fallout to the list is
]> > perpetuating the problem.
]> No. Let me remind you the sequence of events, in chronological order:
]> 1. Timmy May (who picked up a few popular PKC buzzwords, doesn't know
]> anything about crypto, and isn't interested in learning) started spamming
]> this mailing list with political rants
]> 2. Most people who used to discuss crypto work on this mailing list
]> have unsubscribed.
]> 3. I pointed out a few examples of Tim making factually bogus claims in
]> his rants.
]> 4. Tim got very angry at me and started flaming me. I ignored him.
]> 5. Tim posted a series of rants about me, attributing to me various
]> nonsense I never said. I pointed out once that I never said it and
]> then ignored him.
]> 6. Recently it came to my attention that Tim's been contacting off-list
]> various people in the computer security field and "complaining" about
]> the politically incorrect things that I supposedly say on the Internet
]> - except that he made up most of the "things" he complained about.
]> 7. At this point I pointed out quite publicly that he's a liar.
]> 8. Since that time, several friends of Tim May (or maybe Tim himself,
]> using multiple accounts) have been sending me harrassing e-mail, often
]> by quoting my own cypherpunks articles and adding an obscenity.
]> 9. Tim himself continues flaming me and telling lies about me (see his
]> recent rant with the subject "death threats").
]> And you see, Timmy May is an obsessive liar and a vindictive nutcase.
]> > If reporting to the list is accurate, I hear you have a PhD with a
]> > subject related to crypto, so presumably you would have ample
]> > knowledge to contribute technical crypto related thoughts.  I'm sure
]> > people would be interested in anything along those lines you cared to
]> > contribute, and your reputation would benefit,
]> I still hope to be able discuss crypto on this mailing list (yes, my Ph.D.
]> thesis was about crypto), but I see two problems:
]> 1. A lot of people have already left this list, unwilling to be subjected
]> to Tim May's rants, lies, and personal attacks. If I post something crypto-
]> relevant to this mailing list, they won't see it.
]> 2. Here's an example of the net-abuse being perpetrated by Tim May and his
]> merry gang of mailbombers. I posted some crypto-relevant wire clippings
]> to this mailing list. Either Tim (using an alternate account) or some pal
]> of his e-mailed it back to me with an obscenity appended.
]> ]From adamsc at io-online.com  Thu Sep 19 00:00:57 1996
]From sandfort at crl.com  Mon Sep 23 23:10:07 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Mon, 23 Sep 96 23:26:32 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from crl2.crl.com by mail.crl.com with SMTP id AA22789
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for ); Mon, 23 Sep 1996 20:10:18 -0700
]Received: by crl2.crl.com id AA15701
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5); Mon, 23 Sep 1996 20:08:20 -0700
]Date: Mon, 23 Sep 1996 20:08:19 -0700 (PDT)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE]
]In-Reply-To: <6XJquD10w165w at bwalk.dm.com>
]Message-Id: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
]                          SANDY SANDFORT
] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
]> There is no such thing as an "ordinary citizen". When the U.S. commits
]> war crimes in Korea, Viet Nam, Grenada, Panama, Somalia, Iraq, and elsewhere,
]> every American taxpayer is an accomplice and a fair game.
]Illogical collectivist claptrap.  When a taxpayer is targeted by
]terrorists, he has been victimized twice--first by the government
]that stole his money, second by the terrorist that punished him
]for the (alleged) acts others commited with that money.  If a
]mugger buys a gun with the money he took from me, am I then
]responsible for the murder he commits with it?  Clearly not.
]This line of "reasoning" is nothing more than a sad variant of
]the old, "blame the victim" game.  For shame.
]Let's bring this back to crypto for a moment.  Dimitri's "logic"
]must necessarily lead one to the conclusion that Cypherpunks (at
]least those in the US) are responsible for whatever draconian
]restrictions "our" government puts on free speech, crypto or
]whatever.  John Gilmore, Philip Zimmermann, Whit Diffie and
]others will be chagrined to learn this, I'm sure.
]Dimitri needs to learn what it means to be an adult.  Everyone is
]totally responsible for what they do, but ONLY for what THEY do.
]No one is responsible for the unassisted, willful acts of others.
] S a n d y
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 14:52:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: another idea? 
A few weeks ago, every message sent to the "cypher punks" was re-sent
again and again and again by "crypto at uhf.wireless.net".  Ray Arachelian
officially blamed me for the mail loop and even complained to my upstream
feed about multiple copies of my articles. Ray's lies were never retracted
by Ray himself or John "cocksucker" Gilmore.
Now root at uhf.wireless.net posts multiple rants in favor of moderation.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-11 17:00:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ethnic origins of the ASALA/Earthweb terrorist Ray Arachelian 
]Message-Id: <3.0.32.19970111192414.006a29c0 at pop.netaddress.com>
]X-Sender: iverson at pop.netaddress.com (Unverified)
]X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 3.0 (32)
]Date: Sat, 11 Jan 1997 19:28:56 -0500
]To: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]From: iverson at usa.net (Casey Iverson)
]Subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy
]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
[about the ufh.wirenet.net mailbomber terrorist]
]>This is the jerk responsible for the mail loop last Xmas, which the Armenian
]>liar Ray Arachelian tried to blame on me.
]This probably won't penetrate your sick mind but the fact is that   Ray
]Arachelian is *not* an an Armenian.
]OTOH *you* are a lying, vicious, sick, perverted, homophobic Russian scumbag.
Ray "Arsen" Arachelian admitted being an Armenian. You can complain about
his net-abuse to his boss .
In the words of the Russian-Scottish poet Mikhail Lermontov,
 "Ty rab, tu trus, ty armyanin."
ASALA is the terrorist Armenian organization responsible for the murders
of dozens of Turkish diplomats and civilians.
No wonder they want to use strong crypto to cover up their terrorist acts.

@_date: 1997-01-12 07:30:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A vote of no confidence for Sandfart 
How do you know his submissions are "autogenerated" and not typed in by hand?
But the charter does not stop the moderators from calling K. "eunich",
just like the proposed "cypher punk" moderation won't stop Timmy May
from calling Dave Hayes "colored" or me "crazy Russian" or Plucky Green
from calling me and aga "vermin".
Please define "autogenerated" and "garbage". What definition does your
charter use to prohibit you from approving them? Why did you approve
Misha's submissions for a while after s.c.r.m was created? Has your
charter been since amended?
I too submitted a few articles to s.c.r.m as a test. The first one was
rejected (anonymously, by the way) with a statement indicating that I'm
not welcome to post anything in s.c.r.m regardless of content. The
others just vanished in a black hole - they didn't show up in the feed,
and I got no rejection notices. It looks like I've been blacklisted too.
That's why the lovebirds Gilmore and Sandfart want to moderate this list.
Again, this reminds me how around Xmastime there was a mail loop involving
the "cypher punks" mailing list and the site "uhf.wirenet.net", which
kept recycling old posts and resubmitting them to the list. In particular,
several of my articles appeared multiple times. Unfortunately, mail loops
happen. One of my mailing lists has been up since '89 and had probably
3 or 4 mail loops - caused by software glitches, not anyone sabotage.
Ray Arachelian officially accused me of having caused the mail loop and
posted instructions for complaining to my upstream site (not that PSI
gives a fuck) - both to the (currently unmoderated) "cypher punks"
list and Ray's "filtered" version.  I replied and refuted Ray's lies.
My refutation never made it to Ray's filtered list - only to this
(still unmoderated) list. Now Gilmore and Sandfart want to take away
their victims' ability to refute their libels (at least partially) by
moderating this list as well and blacklisting their victims.
No wonder Ray Arachelian's accusations have never been retracted by
him or Gilmore, and no explanation of the ufh.wirenet.net mail loop
other than "the Vulis did it" has been offered; no wonder we now see
traffic from root at ufh.wirenet.net calling for moderation and blacklisting.
Beautiful. I'm already on Timmy May's "don't hire" list. Who do you think
will be on Gilmore's and Sandfart's autorejection blacklist for "cypher
punks"? I suppose it'll include:
                aga
                Attila T. Hun
                Dale Thorn
                Dave Hayes
                Dorothy Denning (just in case)
                Dr. Dimitri V. (myself)
                Fred Cohen
                George S.
                Ross Wright
                Steve Boursy
                Toto
Any others whose submissions will be automatically discarded by Gilmore?
ObCocksuckerMention: asshole censor John Gilmore is a stupid cocksucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-12 08:20:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: John, Sandy & the Dr. DV K Conspiracy Theory 
Soon after the Nazis formed the German government in 1933, a fire was set in
the Reichstag (parliament) building in Berlin. The Nazis accused Communists
of this senseless act, put some prominent Communists on trial, and used this
as a pretext to ban many non-Nazi political organizations. Has it ever been
conclusively proven that the Nazis themselves had set the fire in Reichstag?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-12 15:50:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A question about Moderator Sandfart 
Would Moderator Sandfart approve the following article he wrote himself:
]From sandfort at crl.com  Thu Dec 19 14:40:46 1996
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Thu, 19 Dec 96 14:43:52 EST
]	for dlv
]Received: by crl.crl.com id AA02224
]  (5.65c/IDA-1.5); Thu, 19 Dec 1996 11:25:26 -0800
]Date: Thu, 19 Dec 1996 11:25:26 -0800 (PST)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" ]Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutiona
]In-Reply-To: ]Message-Id: ]Mime-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
]                          SANDY SANDFORT
] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
]> ...John...Gilmore...What a maroon.
]The logicidal proto-sexual, Dimi, LIES again!!!!!!!  John is sort
]of a pinkish off-white.
] S a n d y
ObColorTrivia: in Russian, "goluboj" means both "blue" and "homosexual".

@_date: 1997-01-12 16:10:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: John, Sandy & the Dr. DV K Conspiracy Theory 
The Communists had a red flag, while the Nazis had a red flag with a swastika.
That's why in the former Soviet Union all video footage showing Nazi flags
was in black and white.
What is the difference between John Gilmore and the Nazis, if any?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-12 17:17:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Igor asks what these examples prove... 
Here's another article from s.c.r.m where one of the moderators
verbally abuses a person banned from posting in that forum (myself :-).
The gratuitous abuse is totally off-topic and has no connection to the
flame thread it's in.
That's what the lying cocksucker John Gilmore wants to be able to do
on his private mailing list - to post more lies which the victims of
his libel will not be allowed to refute.
]X-SCRM-Policy: ]X-SCRM-Info-1: Send submissions to             scrm at algebra.com
]X-SCRM-Info-2: Send technical complaints to    scrm-admin at algebra.com
]X-SCRM-Info-3: Send complaints about policy to scrm-board at algebra.com
]X-Comment: moderators do not necessarily agree or disagree with this article.
]X-Robomod-Version: STUMP 1.1, by ichudov at algebra.com (Igor Chudov)
]Date: Sun, 12 Jan 1997 05:27:03 CST
]From: vladimir at chinook.physics.utoronto.ca (Vladimir Smirnov)
]Message-ID: <199701121028.FAA06007 at chinook.physics.utoronto.ca>
]Subject: Re: Russian diplomats are pigs
]Newsgroups: soc.culture.russian.moderated
]X-Auth: PGPMoose V1.1 PGP soc.culture.russian.moderated
]>   Po suschestvu, govorish'? Ya sejchas tebe skazhu po suschestvu.
]>   Tvoj kommentarij byl tsinichen, tup i beschelovechen. I kogda
]>   tebe na eto ukazyvayut, tebe sleduet izvinit'sya i zatknut'sya,
]>   a ne ogryzat'sya kak shavka.
]   Narod, ja vas ubeditel'no proshu ne ustraivat' gryznju v
]moderiruemoj newsgruppe. Kommentarij u Sashi, konechno, byl
]tak sebe, no sobak na nego naveshali po polnoj programme,
]kak budto on dejstvitel'no uzh chego-to takoe skazal.
]Idi von (eto Kostinu) Dr. D.V.Ulissa popinaj, esli principial'nost'
]v golovu udarila. Ili stremno?
]- Smirnov

@_date: 1997-01-13 10:38:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Carmen Sandiego shows announced 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!panix!news.columbia.edu!sol.ctr.columbia.edu!news.msfc.nasa.gov!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!news.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.idt.net!enews.sgi.com!lll-winken.llnl.gov!fugue.clari.net!funny-request
Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny
Organization: Lord Tower Productions (USA)
Lines: 57
Approved: funny-request at clari.net
children's educational game shows -- "Where in the World is
Carmen Sandiego?" and "Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego?" --
now have two new siblings, according to an announcement made
today by WGHB Boston, one of the production entities that
owns the popular programs.   "Where in the World is Carmen
Sandiego?" is a game show which challenges young contestants
on their knowledge of world geography while they "track
down" the infamous villain Carmen Sandiego.  Similarly,
"Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego?" quizes children about
ancient and modern history.
Because of the enormous positive response received from
educators, parents' groups, and kids alike, WGHB Boston,
WPED Pittsburgh, and the Incorporation for Public
Broadcasting this week announced a new set of television
programs to expand their children's educational programming
group.  The two new incarnations will be entitled "Where Dat
Carmen Bitch At?" which challenges contestants on their
knowledge of racial stereotypes, and "Where the Fuck is
Carmen Sandiego?" which quizes young contestants on their
knowledge of the human reproductive system.
from the first broadcast of:
WHERE DAT CARMEN BITCH AT?
QUERIST:  "Okay, contestants, the next question is, 'What do
you call the white man when he oppresses your people?"
CONTESTANT TIMMY:  "A 'honkey'?"
CONTESTANT TRISHA:  "I answer, 'a jive-ass mother fucker'?"
CONTESTANT LAWANDA:  "I also say, 'a jive-ass mutha fucka.'"
QUERIST:  "Right you are, Trisha and Lawanda!  And may the
white man never forget what he has wrought against the tribe
of Shabaaz."
from the first broadcast of:
WHERE THE FUCK IS CARMEN SANDIEGO?
QUERIST:  "Okay, contestants, here's the next question in
our 'testosterone teaser round':  What is the name for
fellatio during which the penis is taken into the throat?"
CONTESTANT TIMMY:  "Uh, I answer a 'Madonna mouthwash'?"
CONTESTANT TRISHA:  "The 'mother of all blow jobs'?"
CONTESTANT LAWANDA:  "That's nasty!  Momma, get me off this
Selected by Jim Griffith.  MAIL your joke to funny at clari.net.
Attribute the joke's source if at all possible.  A Daemon will auto-reply.
Remember: Only ONE joke per submission.  Extra jokes may be rejected.
For the full submission guidelines, see

@_date: 1997-01-13 13:56:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PBS program - Turing/Enigma 
Homosexuality was pretty well accepted in GB in 1930's, as evidenced by the
success of Comrade Philby and his friends.
Homosexuals have a strange attraction to cryptography, perhaps because of its
connection to privacy and anonymity. But they haven't made any contribution to
it (or to any other area of human knowledge). They ascribe to Turing the
results of heterosexual cryptographers; they libel prominent heterosexuals
like Leonardo da Vinci to argue that their perversion somehow leads to
intellectual superiority.
While homosexuality used to be a detriment to obtaining a security clearance,
being gay at NSA was a big plus under Inman. Of course now being gay is a big
plus anywhere in the KKKlintoris administration.
ObHomophobocReference: cocksucker John Gilmore is full of shit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-13 18:24:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
That's much better that Paul Bradley who's totally ignorant of cryptography.
But I agree that Bruce's book is neither necessary nor sufficient for someone
wanting to learn cryptography.
What charming manners. And Paul Bradley's own rants about "brute force
attacks on one-time pads" are not rubbish, I suppose?
And how come Paul didn't use the word "fuck" in every paragraph, the way
he usually does?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-14 20:32:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reminder:  Physical DC Cypherpunks Meeting 
practice safe sex - bring a bagful of condoms.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-14 20:32:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PBS program - Turing/Enigma 
Two questions:
One, do the crypto-queers Gilmore and Inman suck each other's cocks?
Two, why did the above-quoted message appear on "moderated" cypherpunks?
(That's a rhetorical question: clearly Gilmore's moderation encourages
personal attacks on Gilmore's "enemies" like myself and Dr.Grubor, while
responses to these attacks are suppressed.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-15 16:24:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
No, I don't want censored anything. "Cypher punks" have degenerated into
a moderated forum where those who dare criticize His Royal Majesty John
the Cocksucker and his court are forcibly unsubscribed, while all sorts
of vile insults directed at John's many "enemies" are encouraged.
Of course John is welcome to do what he likes with his private mailing list.
Neither he nor his EFF (effeminate faggot foundation) have any credibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-15 21:00:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Seen Your Post! 
I wonder what the dishonorable moderator means by the C in "C'punks".
It obviously can't be "cypher" or "crypto" since crypto is off-topic
on this list. Is it one of the things that the 'C' in "Timmy C. May"
is reported to designate?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-16 07:15:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: It's a great new year!  telemarketers and solicitors 
Keep homosexual censorship out of the Internet!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-16 07:24:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: soc.culture.belarus 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [198.78.213.165] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA10669 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Thu, 16 Jan 97 04:36:38 -0500
Received: from  (LOCALHOST.rtd.utk.edu)
           by solar.rtd.utk.edu; Thu, 16 Jan 97 04:33:28 EST
Errors-To: kasaty at seanet.com
Reply-To: belarus at solar.rtd.utk.edu
Originator: belarus at solar.rtd.utk.edu
Sender: belarus at solar.rtd.utk.edu
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment:  BELARUS issues and communication
:Can anyone tell me if soc.culture.belarus is still active? I have not been
able to access this newsgroup for a while now and my service provider hasn't
answered my question about this. I originally had to make a request to the
ISP to carry the newsgroup but after that, it was ok.
I hope it's only coincidental that I lost contact only about one day after I
placed a posting on the newsgroup.
Barry J Hilchey, PO Box 668, St Marys, Ontario, N4X 1B6, Canada:
I donn't know exactly what happend to that group,
but some time ago I had e-mail exchange with one
of the moderators. He complained that they (5 persons
or so) are sweating day and night moderating incoming
postings. It might be, therefore, that this honorable
job of censorship starved this people to death.   Igor Fedchenia

@_date: 1997-01-16 16:21:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Newt may be more receptive to encryption now 
EFF and John Gilmore have no credibility, but the homo "cypher punk's"
reliance on more laws and bigger gubmint to solve all his problems
is telling.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-16 16:24:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: DCSB: The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictions 
When the likes of J.D.Falk and Hettiga claim to have *plonked* one of their
many "enemies", it really means that they are obsessed with that person and
thoroughly read everything the "*plonked*" poster writes. Zero credibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-17 17:30:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Why. it might be fun - those long flight can be so boring with clothes on...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-17 17:30:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Kill filing 
^^^^^^
Michael is so stupid, he can't spell "Kansas". That's why he's a "cypher punk".
The jerks who describe in detail whom they killfile (like Hettiga) always lie.
Control freaks are really obsessed with the people they claim to "plonk",
and read everything their "enemies" write with great interest.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-17 17:41:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: UNSUBSCRIBE 
Is he clueless enough to qualify as "cypher punk" or does one have to
be verifiably homosexual as well?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-17 21:50:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
What can naked people do to keep warm???
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:50:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your mail 
A crontab deamon has all the time in the world.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:50:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
It's funny how the same punks who want to scroew their keys and restrict
their own free speach by moderating their mailing list, refuse to fly
nekkid for their own protection. I guess Pedro's views aren't representative.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:52:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
In practice, a debit card must be tied to a bank account with a valid SS
You try something suspicious and the IRS will debit the account $500 and/or
freeze it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:52:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
I once saw a movie where they had a heroin (or cocaine?) processing lab
and everybody was supposed to work naked so it would be hard to steal
some of the product. Of course in the movie all the employees were good-
looking women (Oksas would have been the big star!).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:52:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
I quite agree - a number of people stopped posting in protest when Cocksucker
Gilmore unsubscribed me because he didn't like the content of my articles.
Of course Paul "brute force attack on one-time pad" Bradley was one of the
pro-censorship goons who asked John to "remove" me from the mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:52:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
^
There's some confusion as to what this 'C' stands for. It stands
for "cocksucker", as in "Timmy Cocksucker May" -- not "crypto".
Q: How does Moderator Sandfart address a "cypher punks" meating?
A: "My fellow cocksuckers!"
E.g. there'll be no more "copyright violations" (aka "news spam") on
the moderated list. Can anyone suggest an appropriate place for it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:52:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gilmore and Sandfart suck big dicks 
Someone wrote to me:
Yes, that's precisely how Sandfart's moderation will work. Homosexuals
like Jason Durbin will continue to post personal attacks on Gilmore's
many "enemies", but the victims of the libel will not be able to respond
and refute their lies. The concept of "the best response to speech you
don't like is more speech" is totally alien to the homosexual subculture
on the Internet. These control freaks are into censorship and B&D.
There may be quite a few normal and knowledgeable people left among the
subscribers, but most posters are indeed militant homosexual censors
who don't care about crypto except to drop a few "kewl" phrases - like
Paul Bradley's infamous "brute-force attack on one-time pads".
I'm sure you're not a "cypher punk" - you're both too smart and too
straight. :-) A while back I saw an announcement of a "cypher punks"
meating where Jim Bell was explicitly disinvited, and I announced that
I don't consider myself a "cypher punk". Jim Bell is a pro-censorship
asshole, but I will defend his freedom of speech nevertheless.
Occasional tidbits of useful information do still appear on this list.
I wholeheartedly agree - however anyone who describes himself as a
"cypher punk", after John Gilmore's dishonorable actions, probably is.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 11:20:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Repeal the 9th Amendment? 
This Jim Ray shyster is also a pathological liar and probably a faggot.
I hope Sandfart and Gilmore give him AIDS.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 11:20:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Offer nearby passengers to share the blankets.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 11:21:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Victory Party] 
It just wasn't worth the time. I found F2F contact with the
likes of Hughes and Gilmore pretty boring and unproductive.
But if Dr. Grubor wishes to address a Cypherpunks meating,
and expose them as a bunch of homosexual censors, I think
it would be a neat idea.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 12:41:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [STATS] Cypherpunks-unedited subscriptions 
This is Sandfart's and Gilmore's trick - substitute a censored list
for the unmoderated one, and hope that no one will notice.
Also a lot "subscribers" to the original list are not real people, but local
redistribution lists, or deamons who post the traffic in local newsgroups or
archive it at various repositories. It would be a good little hack to send a
'who' to majorodomo to get the existing subscribers to cypherpunks,
coderpunks, and cryptography( and forge a separate "subscribe
cypherpunks-unedited" from each address to majordomo at toad.com. Then let the
ones who don't want duplication unsubscribe from the original list (now
moderated). If someone wants to pull thos off, but needs technical
assistance, please e-mail me offline and I'll explain how to do it.
Of course I can't subscribe to the "unedited" list because the lying
cocksucker John Gilmore (spit) instructed his Majordomo to play dead when it
sees my address.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 12:43:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
One memorable "censorship" incident occurred when the lying cocksucker
John Gilmore (spit) forcibly unsubscribed me from this list because he
didn't like the contents of my submissions - or did you forget already?
Look up Declan's disgraceful writeup on Netly News archives.
At that time most valuable contributors to this list (such as myself)
resolved not to contribute crypto-relevant content to a censored forum.
Not sure about "all", but someone whose name sounds like AIDS, and who
advocates censorship, most likely is one.
The way Sandfart has gone down on Gilmore or the way Gilmore has gone
down on Inman? Or the way "copyright violations" (formerly known as
"news spam") will not be sent to a censored forum?
You're not worth a witty comment, 'punk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 14:11:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your mail 
Igor writes shell scripts.  Igor likes girls.  Igor knows (some) crypto.
Therefore Igor is not a "cypher punk".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 20:30:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
Thank you - and I urge others to follow my example.
            ^
Do "cypher punks" use lousy spelling as a kind of "poor fag's crypto"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-18 21:00:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Time to create "Nudist Airlines" - the most secure airline in the air!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-19 08:00:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
I can tell.
Sure!  A true gentleman (like me) is always ready, willing, and able to share
a security blanket with a lady.
"Something nekkid's in the air!"
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-19 23:10:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
Sandy is a proven liar.
However the AIDStwit sounds more like Ray Arachelian.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-20 12:45:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [FLAME] [PURE VITROL] Re: IMDMP: SOURCE... 
Homosexual activists have accused many prominent people, like Hoover
and da Vinci, of sharing their sexual perversions.  I have seen no
evidence that Hoover was a pervert other than a claim by one woman,
a proven liar, that she was present at an orgy where Hoover wore a
woman's dress and engaged in sex with men. Several other people who
she claimed were present at the orgy called her a liar. She's dead,
or she would have probably been supporting Geekmore and EFF today.
You may recall that the moderator cocksucker Sandfart invited me to
a "cypher punks" meating in San Francisco, and if I had accepted, would
have told many lies about my participation in their homosexual orgies.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-20 21:11:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fascist cocksuckers: 0, Freedom of speech: 1 
For example, the fascist cocksuckers Sandfart and Geekmore have been
totally impotent in their failed attempts to suppress free speech.
Gilmore's as inept as the governments of China, Burma and Singapore combined.
        FUCK CENSORSHIP.  FUCK EFF (EFFEMINATE FASCISTS FOUNDATION).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 08:20:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GSM technology 
What kind of movies?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 08:21:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
I haven't been teaching at Fordham for a few years.
(It's too far and the pay's too low. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 08:55:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GSM technology 
What kind of movies?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 08:55:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
I haven't been teaching at Fordham for a few years.
(It's too far and the pay's too low. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 16:30:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: HOW AM I MEANT TO GET OFF THIS LIST! 
Sandy is totally incompetent.  S/he should commt suicide.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 16:30:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GSM technology 
I'm older than you... Do you mean I'm too old to watch these?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 16:30:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. 
Phil, when I saw the subject, I thought this was another article
condemning Gilmore, Sandfort, and their disgraceful censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-21 16:56:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GSM technology 
I'm older than you... Do you mean I'm too old to watch these?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-22 16:02:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
We better start encrypting stuff before we both get in trouble with Dr.MLV :-)
This reminds me of a story of one Sovok biology professor in Illinois.
His wife got a boyfriend. In addition to having real-life sex, they also
exchanged sexually explicit e-mail on AOL which she thought she erased.
One day something went wrong with her computer and she asked the husband
to fix it. He looked at the hard disk with Norton Utilities and saw 6
months worth the erased e-mail, saying things like "I can still taste
your whatever on my lips". Of course all the traffic was in Russian and
it would have served as a "Navajo talk" encryption if it weren't for
the fact that all 3 were Sovoks. The professor kicked the wife out, but
her boyfriend is married, so she's all alone now.
This proves that the masses of normal heterosexuals should be educated
and encouraged to use encryption, not just some homosexual "elite".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-22 17:01:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fascist cocksuckers: 0, Freedom of speech: 1 
Yes.  I'm sure Sandy Sandfart is having a good time censoring his betters.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-22 17:01:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. 
Alles Kriticismus auf der Listfuehrer Gilmore und Obercensor Sandfart
ist stricklich verbotten.  Heil Kocksucker Gilmore!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-22 18:30:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuck Sandy Sandfart 
This is a test.  This is only a cocksucking test.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-22 18:35:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fascist censorship 
I notice that both my highly crypto-relevant, flame-free article and
Igor Chudov's response to it were rejected by the fascist moderator
Sandfart and showed up immediately on the cypherpunks-flames address.
Apparently Sandfart automatically rejects any submissions with my name
in them. Or he's already dead from AIDS and has been replaced by a 'bot.
I also notice that John Gilmore's employees from Cygnus Support
are flaming me on sci.crypt and accusing me of homophobia.
Please help expose Cygnus Support as a homosexual fraud.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-23 19:14:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Decision in Karn Case 
EFF is a bunch of prostitutes, headed by the homosexual fascist Gilmore.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-23 20:22:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No Dimitri?? 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-23 20:22:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Here's an interesting twist of Sandfort's moderation policy.
My article was crypto-relevant and flame-free and was tossed to
Igor's response to my article was also crypto-relevant and flame-free
and was tossed to cypherpunks-flames.
Dale's response did not quote me, so it made it to the censored list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-23 20:23:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No Dimitri?? 
Yes - anything I say is junked irrespective of content.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-23 22:41:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No Dimitri?? 
Yes - anything I say is junked irrespective of content.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 02:40:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
I predict that Sandy won't allow any posts on the censored list that
question his moderation poilicy - only the unanymous praises.
A dishonorable act.
Perhaps you want to start putting up rejected articles on a Web page?
That's correct.
Sandy's personal likes and dislikes of certain posters are the criterion.
You won't be allowed to on this censored mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 02:42:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
So was my original article. They did not contain any flames or
personal attacks, contrary to what Sandy claims.
It's ironic that Igor's article which I'm quoting ALSO got tossed into
cypherpunks-flames, even though it wasn't a flame.
Apparently the only comments on moderation that Sandy passes to the
censored list are the ones praising him.  This way he'll be able to
report unanymous support for his moderation policies.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 04:30:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No Dimitri?? 
I see that Moderator Sandfort has allowed this article through (to prove
me wrong) but has tossed all my other articles into cypherpunks-flames.
Most of them were crypto-relevant, on-topic, and contained no flames.
I bet he's going to toss this one too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 04:30:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Homosexuals 
fuck you  writes in the censored list:
Anything?  My good friend TRRCJ3 reports from San Francisco that the
city is much nicer now that so many homosexuals are 6 feet under.
Thank God for AIDS.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:10:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: No Dimitri?? 
I see that Moderator Sandfort has allowed this article through (to prove
me wrong) but has tossed all my other articles into cypherpunks-flames.
Most of them were crypto-relevant, on-topic, and contained no flames.
I bet he's going to toss this one too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:10:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
I predict that Sandy won't allow any posts on the censored list that
question his moderation poilicy - only the unanymous praises.
A dishonorable act.
Perhaps you want to start putting up rejected articles on a Web page?
That's correct.
Sandy's personal likes and dislikes of certain posters are the criterion.
You won't be allowed to on this censored mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:14:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Homosexuals 
fuck you  writes in the censored list:
Anything?  My good friend TRRCJ3 reports from San Francisco that the
city is much nicer now that so many homosexuals are 6 feet under.
Thank God for AIDS.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 16:40:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Homosexuality 
Perhaps we should start an unmoderated list and call it "cypherpunks".
Or create alt.cypherpunks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-24 16:43:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
Sandy lied - he posted this aritcle to BOTH cypherpunks-flames and
the censored list.  Does anyone else enjoy the privilege of posting
their articles to BOTH lists?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 01:57:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Homosexuality 
Perhaps we should start an unmoderated list and call it "cypherpunks".
Or create alt.cypherpunks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 04:40:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: testing email from airport kiosk 
My immediate guess would be that everyone using it gets videotaped,
then all activity is logged, and that the LEAs are waiting for some
idiot to use it to retrieve kiddie porn and/or terrorist bobm-making
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 04:42:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Nope - Sandy tossed Paul's article to cypherpunks-flames, just like he
tossed a recent article pointing out that he's lying outright about his
moderation policies.
Has Paul reversed his previous pro-censorship stand and decided to
learn something about crypto from people who actually know some?
I used to respect Gilmore until this series of incidents (unsubscribing
me, turning list moderated).  Now I only have disdain for him.
Quite a few people have expressed interest in re-creating an unmoderated
cypherpunks list at another site if Gilmore decided to stick to his
"moderation experiment".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 05:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
Sandy is irrelevant.  Why should we care if he tosses an article
to cyphepunks-flames or to the censored list?  Just subscribe to
cypherpunks-unedited and ignore Sandy.  If Gilmore persists in his
disgraceful behavior, create an unmoderated list elsewhere.
I think a lot of intelligent people have been wasting too much time
and energy analyzing the behavior of a twit who simply doesn't
deserve the attention his moderation effort has been getting.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 05:20:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypher-Oops! 
The admin blurb flames L.Detweiller, a noted cryptographer hated by
J.Gilmore and T.May because he exposed their lies and hypocricy.
Flames directed at "non-persons" are allowed on the censored mailing
list. Responses from the victims of the slander, any any critical
discussion of the moderation policy are tossed to cypherpunks-flames.
If you don't like it, start your own unmoderated list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 05:30:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Homo/bi/sexuals Most Destructive (fwd) 
I said we shouldn't waste time analyzing the moderator twit's irrelevant
actions, but I do want to point out how amusing this is: Sandy sends all
the rebuttals of "homophobic" posts to the censored list, while junking
the "homophobic" posts themselves.  Of course, none of this homosexual
garbage is crypto-relevant, but it was submitted by the "right people".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 06:40:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PSS_sst 
This is another example of Sandy's odd-ball moderation policy.
Bill Stewart mistakenly cc:d the whole cypherpunks when he requested
a document from jya's 'bot.  Because Bill Stewart is part of the "in"
crowd, his submission was distributed to the censored list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 06:40:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Homo/bi/sexuals Most Destructive (fwd) 
I ask the moderator to explain why all these "breeder-bashing" flames
are posted to the censored list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 06:40:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
That's a very insightful obeservation. "Cypher punks" are not opposed to
the system. They don't want to change the existing social order. They
want to join the upper class and enjoy its privileges (such as privacy
and anonymity). They don't want to extend these privileges to the "hoi
polloi" (unwashed masses). Jim Bell is a boor, but he had some very
interesting ideas that upset the "cypher punk" crowd because he advocates
dismantling the system they hope to join one day. This reminds me of
a U.S. populist politician from the 1930's whose name I forgot, who
advocated expropriating individual wealth above $5M. Why did his
disenfranchised supporters want to leave the rich with $5M? Because each
one hoped one day to have the $5M.
Here's the $64K question: if you were approached by a LEA and offered
a huge consulting fee to help break a code to obtain evidence in a
criminal case, would you do it? I suspect most "cypher punks" would
agree both for the money and for the glory, but no one would ask them
because very few people on this list can break codes. :-)
[No I would not, irrespective of the fee and the nature of the case.]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 06:50:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [No Subject:] 
A logical conclusion is that rather than specifying no subject header,
you must specify one that's most likely to get the readers to read it,
not necessarily related to the contents. I suggest the subject
                         $$$ MANE.MONEY.FAST $$$
unless you do write about John Gilmore's PGP MLM scam.
P.S. Is the "hole point" another nickname for Sandy's orifice?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 06:50:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: overview.htm 
Why are the homos forwarding the web pages to the mailing list, and why
does the moderator post every piece of "breeder-bashing" trash to the
censored list, while rejecting whatever he deems "homophobic"?
[For the record, I have serious doubts whether the HIV virus causes AIDS.]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 08:23:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: testing email from airport kiosk 
My immediate guess would be that everyone using it gets videotaped,
then all activity is logged, and that the LEAs are waiting for some
idiot to use it to retrieve kiddie porn and/or terrorist bobm-making
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 14:54:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: TEST--MODERATED 
"My fellow cocksucker punks,"
This Sandy bugger is just a front for John Gilmore.  Don't {b|f}lame Sandy
for censorship, {f|b}lame the man behind him - the list owner.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 16:20:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: overview.htm (fwd) 
Jim and Dale,
I agree.  Also shooting one's bloodstream full of fecal matter hardly helps.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-25 17:11:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: overview.htm (fwd) 
Jim and Dale,
I agree.  Also shooting one's bloodstream full of fecal matter hardly helps.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 07:41:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Corelation 
Let me rephrase Toto's question: has anyone with some credibility left
seen Gilmore lately?
(I last saw Gilmore in September. I'm trying to remember if he looked
like he lost weight. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 07:41:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
It was obviously a typo - my apologies to Toto.
(Interestingly, Herr Moderatorfuehrer has tossed my article Toto replied to
into cypherpunks-flames, while posting Toto's response to the censored list.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 07:42:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
(a bunch of sensible stuff)
Also many "un-freer" societies restrict the ability to emigrate, and many
"freer" society restrict the ability to immigrate. It's not so
easy for someone living in Communist China to pick up his ass and go
someplace else, like Taiwan. A large number of people got shot while
trying to cross the Berlin Wall. Plus if they do get out, they may
have difficulty going to countries like U.S. or Canada. (In case anyone
missed it, the U.S. is much more selective about who it lets in as
immigrants than it was earlier in the century.)
However U.S.G. is able to say that people of Iraq or Lybia or Cuba should
not be permitted on the 'net. It also bombs Iraq and murders their civilians
in retaliation for something their governments supposedly did.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 09:11:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
(a bunch of sensible stuff)
Also many "un-freer" societies restrict the ability to emigrate, and many
"freer" society restrict the ability to immigrate. It's not so
easy for someone living in Communist China to pick up his ass and go
someplace else, like Taiwan. A large number of people got shot while
trying to cross the Berlin Wall. Plus if they do get out, they may
have difficulty going to countries like U.S. or Canada. (In case anyone
missed it, the U.S. is much more selective about who it lets in as
immigrants than it was earlier in the century.)
However U.S.G. is able to say that people of Iraq or Lybia or Cuba should
not be permitted on the 'net. It also bombs Iraq and murders their civilians
in retaliation for something their governments supposedly did.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 13:30:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Interestingly, my apologies were also cast to cypherpunks-flames.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 13:32:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGPmail for Windows, Version 4.5 
It doesn't seem to work with the mail program in MS IE, or MS WordMail.
I understand why some people don't like Microsoft, but excluding
support for popular Microsoft programs seems contrary to their
stated goal of promoting the use of crypto.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 15:27:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGPmail for Windows, Version 4.5 
It doesn't seem to work with the mail program in MS IE, or MS WordMail.
I understand why some people don't like Microsoft, but excluding
support for popular Microsoft programs seems contrary to their
stated goal of promoting the use of crypto.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 16:20:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Toto's database 
I don't think it's possible.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 16:20:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: overview.htm (fwd) 
Clearly Gilmore disagrees with both statements. He practices
censorship and plug-pulling. What a dishonorable person.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:30:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [No Subject:] 
No, you're a fucking statist.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:30:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: US Info Supremacy 
Other conjectures:
* dead from AIDS
* abducted by aliens, held captive in a flying saucer
* moderated so heavily, his rants don't even make it to cypherpunks-unedited
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:30:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
And "cypher punks" bend over for a NSA stooge and allow U.S.G. to
further curtail free speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:30:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: it aint successful until someone loses his temper <g> 
I suggest you subscribe to cypherpunks-unedited. It may go away, but
for now it's much more interesting than the censored version.
Thanks to the moderation, only one side of the issue gets aired anyway.
The "politically correct" homosexuals, like snow and gilmore and sandfart
consider (violent) action to be a reasonable response to speech they don't like
(e.g. "homophobic") - not "more speech". Someone says something you disagree
with on a mailing list? Unsubscribe him! Ban him from the list! Institute
moderation to auto-discard everything he says! Curiously, African-American
children are taught that violence is a correct response to "racist" speech.
ObEbonics: "Dot's right, judge, I shot da mothafucka cuz he call me a nigga!"
When they run out of things to say, they start pulling plugs,
unsubscribing people, and "moderating"...
I can answer this one, having worked for Jesuits: having deviant sexual desires
may not be a choice, but willingly committing unnatural acts to satisfy your
deviant desires is a choice.
And when the namecalling doesn't work, they respond with violence.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:30:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
I distinctly recall how Paul used to call for censoring me. If he's
changed his mind and really doesn't think that anyone should be censored,
it's a welcome development - even if it was brought on by the sandfart
censoring Paul.
I wonder what he thinks he got in exchange...
Yes - clearly the personality of the submitter is the most important
factor in moderator's rejections, not even the content.
I notice that the sandfart has been challenging his enemies to create
an alternative mailing list. I wonder what their contingency plan is.
Without a doubt, such a competing list would be mailbombed and flooded
with garbage by Gilmore and his entourage. What else?
The sandfart has proven me right already. As I said, I think we're
paying too much attention to him and his censorship, and he's just
a front for Gilmore anyway.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:40:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
I wholeheartedly agree.  By now everyone's painfully aware that there
are 3 mailing lists.  It's not my responsibily (or Dale's) to encourage
cypherpunks subscribers to do what I think is best for them - resubscribe
to cypherpunks-unedited.  Folks who choose to let Sandy choose what they
read and don't read should be free to do that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:00:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Text files 
Just post it to the whole mailing list. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:00:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I said many times that I find AP a very interesting notion, worthy of study.
Given how fast online gambling is growing, how soon do we have to wait for
a web site for taking bets on deaths of politicians and other prominents?
Why not set one up, using "funny money" not convertible to anything?
I have much respect for Saddam Hussein. I understand he's more admired by
Iraqi people than, say, the kkklintons are by American people. Saddam even
commands the respect of his Iranian enemies.
I doubt that they would collect much among the Iraqis: both because Saddam
is pretty popular, and because they don't have much cash, thanks to the
sanctions. I doubt they'd collect billions or even millions in the Western
countries. These were involuntary taxes. Do people really hate Saddam so
much as to bet that he'll live and hope to lose their bets to an assassin?
I doubt it. And you can't do the standard fundraising trick of collecting
some funds, then using them to run media ads soliciting more funds.
I suppose Kiwaiti and Saudi sheikhs might bet a few million.
(I hate these guys - I'd like to bet on the continuing existence of a
basket of sheikhs :-)
Was it really Bush's goal to topple Saddam's government and bring in
a U.S.-friendly one that would need billions of dollars of aid?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:25:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: US Info Supremacy 
Other conjectures:
* dead from AIDS
* abducted by aliens, held captive in a flying saucer
* moderated so heavily, his rants don't even make it to cypherpunks-unedited
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:28:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I said many times that I find AP a very interesting notion, worthy of study.
Given how fast online gambling is growing, how soon do we have to wait for
a web site for taking bets on deaths of politicians and other prominents?
Why not set one up, using "funny money" not convertible to anything?
I have much respect for Saddam Hussein. I understand he's more admired by
Iraqi people than, say, the kkklintons are by American people. Saddam even
commands the respect of his Iranian enemies.
I doubt that they would collect much among the Iraqis: both because Saddam
is pretty popular, and because they don't have much cash, thanks to the
sanctions. I doubt they'd collect billions or even millions in the Western
countries. These were involuntary taxes. Do people really hate Saddam so
much as to bet that he'll live and hope to lose their bets to an assassin?
I doubt it. And you can't do the standard fundraising trick of collecting
some funds, then using them to run media ads soliciting more funds.
I suppose Kiwaiti and Saudi sheikhs might bet a few million.
(I hate these guys - I'd like to bet on the continuing existence of a
basket of sheikhs :-)
Was it really Bush's goal to topple Saddam's government and bring in
a U.S.-friendly one that would need billions of dollars of aid?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:29:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
I wholeheartedly agree.  By now everyone's painfully aware that there
are 3 mailing lists.  It's not my responsibily (or Dale's) to encourage
cypherpunks subscribers to do what I think is best for them - resubscribe
to cypherpunks-unedited.  Folks who choose to let Sandy choose what they
read and don't read should be free to do that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:30:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think this would be a very good demo project, but mailbombing may not
be the best choice...
Be careful about violating Chaumian patents... How about using funny
money in the prototype? Or, look at some of the micropayment schemes.
Not a good idea (see below).
I think the date must always be specified, and the event must occur
(or not occur) on or before that date.
I think we should think about the kinds of events that a 'bot can verify.
Why not start with a less destructive event... For example,
"on or before  a Usenet article will appear in newsgroup X
saying Y".  That's something the 'bot can verify and anyone with
access to dejanews and the like can confirm. Eliminating the need
for a trusted human is always desirable.
Have you ever dealt with a bookie?
I think there need to be two distinct operations:
1. A user can create a new kind of event. For a fixed fee F, one can enter
a new event into the table of events that can be bet on. (In a more
generalized system, the creator might also specify the third party that
determines whether or not the event took place.)
A human bookie decides which events can be bet on (based mostly on the
tradition and supply/demand). Here we let users bet on anything they
want as long as they're willing to may be bookiebot for keeping track
of who bet how much $ that the event will or will not happen.
In fact, when creating an event, the user must immediately bet an amount
2. A user can bet $B that an existing event will/will not happen.
Bookiebot accepts the $B and promises to pay back an amount that's a
function of $B and the current amounts bet so far on yes and no
(or escrows the winning with a 3rd party).
I'll let Jim et al figure out how to compute the odds when there are
offsetting bets for the same event at two different times.
E.g. E1:"Saddam Hussen will die before April 1" and E2:"ditto June 1"; if the
first one occurs, then the second one occurs too. If a lot of money is
bet on E1, it should somehow affect E2 odds too. Also the bookiebot
should never lose money no matter what the outcome; all the winnings
should come from the losers' bets.
Here's an improved scenario. Say I pay the bot $10 to create the event
"a homophobic article will appear in soc.motss by April 1".
Then I bet $1000 that the event will NOT occur to skew the odds.
Someone looking to make a quick buck browses through the list of events
and odds in the bookiebot and sees the very skewed odds for a homophobic
article on soc.motss. He bets a small amount that the article will appear,
so he gets really good odds. Then he posts an article that's recognized
as the event, and collects a winning much larger than his bet.
But if this doesn't happen, I get almost all of my $1000 investment back.
In either event the bookiebot made a small profit for its owner.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:50:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Happy birthday to Oksas 
Happy birthday to you,
 Happy birthday to you,
  Happy birthday dear Oksas,
   Happy birthday to you!
Have a good year.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:50:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship 
Comversely, some people are willing to give up their own freedom of
speech so as to silence others whose views they don't like. They
hope that they'll be censored less than their "enemies". But a forum
can't be "a little bit censored" just like a woman can't be "a little
bit pregnant".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:50:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Fwd) Just Say No to Telcom "Reform" 
Certain unnamed people believe that "strong" crypto, like free speech,
is only for those who use it "responsibly". Privacy is for the elite;
and they wish to join the elite, rather then extend the right to privacy
and/or free speech to the "unwashed masses".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:50:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
But they can't; and their efforts (ITAR, EAR, et al) are totally irrelevant
and ineffective and not worth the time people spend fighting them.
A prototype AP betting server, first limited to very innocent events (like
usenet postings containing certain regexps) and using "funny money" for bets,
would be a good demo.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:52:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
The list "population" (readers) is a couple of thousand people, almost
all of whom are lurkers. All posters are an extremely small segment of
the readership. It's true on most Internet forums.
V.I.Lenin said: "liberty is a recognized necessity".
(I'll let Igor correct my translation is it's wrong.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:57:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think this would be a very good demo project, but mailbombing may not
be the best choice...
Be careful about violating Chaumian patents... How about using funny
money in the prototype? Or, look at some of the micropayment schemes.
Not a good idea (see below).
I think the date must always be specified, and the event must occur
(or not occur) on or before that date.
I think we should think about the kinds of events that a 'bot can verify.
Why not start with a less destructive event... For example,
"on or before  a Usenet article will appear in newsgroup X
saying Y".  That's something the 'bot can verify and anyone with
access to dejanews and the like can confirm. Eliminating the need
for a trusted human is always desirable.
Have you ever dealt with a bookie?
I think there need to be two distinct operations:
1. A user can create a new kind of event. For a fixed fee F, one can enter
a new event into the table of events that can be bet on. (In a more
generalized system, the creator might also specify the third party that
determines whether or not the event took place.)
A human bookie decides which events can be bet on (based mostly on the
tradition and supply/demand). Here we let users bet on anything they
want as long as they're willing to may be bookiebot for keeping track
of who bet how much $ that the event will or will not happen.
In fact, when creating an event, the user must immediately bet an amount
2. A user can bet $B that an existing event will/will not happen.
Bookiebot accepts the $B and promises to pay back an amount that's a
function of $B and the current amounts bet so far on yes and no
(or escrows the winning with a 3rd party).
I'll let Jim et al figure out how to compute the odds when there are
offsetting bets for the same event at two different times.
E.g. E1:"Saddam Hussen will die before April 1" and E2:"ditto June 1"; if the
first one occurs, then the second one occurs too. If a lot of money is
bet on E1, it should somehow affect E2 odds too. Also the bookiebot
should never lose money no matter what the outcome; all the winnings
should come from the losers' bets.
Here's an improved scenario. Say I pay the bot $10 to create the event
"a homophobic article will appear in soc.motss by April 1".
Then I bet $1000 that the event will NOT occur to skew the odds.
Someone looking to make a quick buck browses through the list of events
and odds in the bookiebot and sees the very skewed odds for a homophobic
article on soc.motss. He bets a small amount that the article will appear,
so he gets really good odds. Then he posts an article that's recognized
as the event, and collects a winning much larger than his bet.
But if this doesn't happen, I get almost all of my $1000 investment back.
In either event the bookiebot made a small profit for its owner.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:00:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Right now, you can still say anything you like in "cypherpunks-unedited".
Anyone subscribed to the moderated cypherpunks list is free to resubscribe.
If the masses of lurkers choose not to do it, it's their loss, and not
your or my responsibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:10:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Happy birthday to Oksas 
Happy birthday to you,
 Happy birthday to you,
  Happy birthday dear Oksas,
   Happy birthday to you!
Have a good year.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:10:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Fwd) Just Say No to Telcom "Reform" 
Certain unnamed people believe that "strong" crypto, like free speech,
is only for those who use it "responsibly". Privacy is for the elite;
and they wish to join the elite, rather then extend the right to privacy
and/or free speech to the "unwashed masses".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:10:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (Fwd) Just Say No to Telcom "Reform" 
Certain unnamed people believe that "strong" crypto, like free speech,
is only for those who use it "responsibly". Privacy is for the elite;
and they wish to join the elite, rather then extend the right to privacy
and/or free speech to the "unwashed masses".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:12:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship 
Comversely, some people are willing to give up their own freedom of
speech so as to silence others whose views they don't like. They
hope that they'll be censored less than their "enemies". But a forum
can't be "a little bit censored" just like a woman can't be "a little
bit pregnant".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:12:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
But they can't; and their efforts (ITAR, EAR, et al) are totally irrelevant
and ineffective and not worth the time people spend fighting them.
A prototype AP betting server, first limited to very innocent events (like
usenet postings containing certain regexps) and using "funny money" for bets,
would be a good demo.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:15:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
The list "population" (readers) is a couple of thousand people, almost
all of whom are lurkers. All posters are an extremely small segment of
the readership. It's true on most Internet forums.
V.I.Lenin said: "liberty is a recognized necessity".
(I'll let Igor correct my translation is it's wrong.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:57:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Right now, you can still say anything you like in "cypherpunks-unedited".
Anyone subscribed to the moderated cypherpunks list is free to resubscribe.
If the masses of lurkers choose not to do it, it's their loss, and not
your or my responsibility.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-27 17:51:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Eric Hughes struck me as being smarter than Gilmore, so I too would like
to know what his "favored solution" was. Didn't I have dinner with him once?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-27 17:53:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Assassination politics is certainlyhighly crypto-relevant (being an
important application of anonymity and untraceable payments). It's of
interest to a number of participants in the forum. So, why not?
Perhaps because they love Saddam, who really is a great guy. Stop listening
to what U.S.gubmint and media tell you and use your brain.  What did
Saddam do to _you?
The Mafia in the U.S. doesn't work. The sicilian Mafia is very successful at
assassinating any public officials that fucks with it.
When I was taking political science at Columbia, one of my most memorable
insights came from reading Aeschil's tragedies. Consider this recurrent
thread: why are people rude on highways, and is shooting them justified?
I claim that if a driver felt that the likelihood of him getting a ticket
for cutting people off was high enough, they wouldn't do it. But of course
the cops are busy chasing the drug dealers :-), so the only remaining
deterrent is the likelihood that someone will shoot you for cutting them
off (which happens occasionally).
Re-read your Hobbes - but don't believe him. The state did not come about
because the people thought they'd be better off under it. The state came
about as one tribe conquered and enslaved another tribe; and gradually
most members of the winning tribe became slaves too.
I don't like your Saddam example, having much admiration for the man, but
again this goes back to the perceived likelihood of future assassination.
If Saddam is killed in an unlikely event, he will be succeeded by someone
who does not fear assassination. If all potential successors are convinced
that the rubout can be repeated, they won't go for the job. Remember, the
purpose of "terrorism" is not just to kill someone, but to "terrorize".
You rub out enough key people and terrorize their potential successors
into not wanting to take over their jobs, and the system collapses.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:25:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Eric Hughes struck me as being smarter than Gilmore, so I too would like
to know what his "favored solution" was. Didn't I have dinner with him once?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:32:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Assassination politics is certainlyhighly crypto-relevant (being an
important application of anonymity and untraceable payments). It's of
interest to a number of participants in the forum. So, why not?
Perhaps because they love Saddam, who really is a great guy. Stop listening
to what U.S.gubmint and media tell you and use your brain.  What did
Saddam do to _you?
The Mafia in the U.S. doesn't work. The sicilian Mafia is very successful at
assassinating any public officials that fucks with it.
When I was taking political science at Columbia, one of my most memorable
insights came from reading Aeschil's tragedies. Consider this recurrent
thread: why are people rude on highways, and is shooting them justified?
I claim that if a driver felt that the likelihood of him getting a ticket
for cutting people off was high enough, they wouldn't do it. But of course
the cops are busy chasing the drug dealers :-), so the only remaining
deterrent is the likelihood that someone will shoot you for cutting them
off (which happens occasionally).
Re-read your Hobbes - but don't believe him. The state did not come about
because the people thought they'd be better off under it. The state came
about as one tribe conquered and enslaved another tribe; and gradually
most members of the winning tribe became slaves too.
I don't like your Saddam example, having much admiration for the man, but
again this goes back to the perceived likelihood of future assassination.
If Saddam is killed in an unlikely event, he will be succeeded by someone
who does not fear assassination. If all potential successors are convinced
that the rubout can be repeated, they won't go for the job. Remember, the
purpose of "terrorism" is not just to kill someone, but to "terrorize".
You rub out enough key people and terrorize their potential successors
into not wanting to take over their jobs, and the system collapses.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-28 23:10:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: overview.htm (fwd) 
Why is a mere "I see" classified as cypherpunks-flames???
Stop picking on girls, Sandy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:41:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: exporting stego 
[I've been taking my equipment apart and rearranging it, hence the silence]
EAR covers all security software, including even virus checkers.
Of course the gubmint is irrelevant and should be soundly ignored.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:42:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Best Computer School? 
Do they have a master's program in computer science? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:45:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: c2 internet accounts 
Check out Sameer's net.scum web page for some important information on C2.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:47:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
Libel laws were inherited from good old England together with most of common
law.  When I was studying con law, I remember the very interesting precedent
establishing that truth is a defense in a libel suit. Anyone remember the name?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 14:11:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Best Computer School? 
Do they have a master's program in computer science? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 14:25:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: exporting stego 
[I've been taking my equipment apart and rearranging it, hence the silence]
EAR covers all security software, including even virus checkers.
Of course the gubmint is irrelevant and should be soundly ignored.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 14:32:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
Libel laws were inherited from good old England together with most of common
law.  When I was studying con law, I remember the very interesting precedent
establishing that truth is a defense in a libel suit. Anyone remember the name?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:10:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cats Out of Bags 
Look who's talking - Sandy's boss!
Please see  for some
important information regarding Sameer, privacy, and integrity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:10:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Do a lot of Americans really believe such things?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:11:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: c2 internet accounts 
The above article was highly crypto- and cypher-punks relevant and not
a flame.  Sandy Sandfort tossed it in the "flames" bucket because Sameer
is Sandy's employer. Sandy won't permit any criticism of his employer on
the censored list - an obvious conflict of interest. Sandy even refers
to C2Net as royal "we".
Recall also that Sandy Sandford published an ass-licking article about
Sameer in _Wired magazine without revealing that he works for Sameer.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:11:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Physician, Heal Thyself! 
Oksas, as you see your innocent question was classified as "flame" and
dumped into "cyperpunks-flames", as are most questions about the moderator's
abuse. Like many homosexuals, Sandy Sandford harbors a pathological hatred
of women and is always glad to shut one up. I hope he gets AIDS soon.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:12:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
And of course society needs leaders to determine exactly who the cranks and
the psychopaths are!
Igor, you keep misspelling "assassination" as in "talk.politics.assassination",
an unmoderated Usenet newsgroup carried by all honorable Usenet providers.
The word "assassin" actually comes from "hashish". In 1090's Ismaelites (a
Shi'ite sect) organized a terror group based in the castle of Alamut, north
of Kazwin in today's north Iran. They got funds from Iranian landowners.
Their sheikh (aka the old man of the mountain) sent suicidal fedain to kill
(assassinate) Seljuk officials and their Iranian merchant supporters.
Traditionally they got high on hashish when going on an assignment. In the
early 1100's assassins became active in Syria and Lebanon, where they
assassinated prominent Crusaders and local anti-Shi'ite landowners.
In 1256 Mongols led by Hulagu took Alamut and killed the assassins;
and in 1272 Egyptians killed off the Lebanese assassins. The Ismaelites
are still around (led by sheikh Aga Khan, a very rich guy).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:41:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Do a lot of Americans really believe such things?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 06:56:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cats Out of Bags 
The above is a flame.  But because Sandy works for Sameer, it was posted
to the censores list, not tosses to "cypherpunks-flames".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 08:38:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
It looks like Igor has made it to Sandy's list of "flamers" whose every
submission is procmailed to "cypherpunks-flames". The above quote is
crypto-relevant (as is assassination politics) and contains no flames.
it was tossed into "cypherpunks-flames" by a robot. The time stamps
clearly show that Sandy didn't even look at it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 08:46:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A comment on the censorship policy 
I find Oksas's posts to be very interesting.  "Anonymous" is lying - I never posted any such thing.  of course the
cocksuckr moderator passed on the "anon's" lies to the censored mailing
list, and I bet he's goingto auto-bounce my refutation to "flames"
- just as everyone had predicted.
If you don't like the sandfart's moderation policy, you can just read the
unedited list and institute your own moderation policy using 'procmail'.
That's pretty much what the sandfart does anyway. Fluff from people he likes
makes it to the censored list (like a request to jya's bot cc'd to the whole
censored list) whie anything I or Toto or Oksas say is auto-junked.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 14:10:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cats Out of Bags 
Sandy and Greg are employees of Sameer.  Therefore all 3 must lie.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 14:17:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Security alert!!! 
WARNING: There's a rogue trojan horse out there on the internet known as the
"stronghold web server".  It's actually a hacked-up version of Apache with a
backdoor, which allows hackers (or whoever knows the backdoor) to steal credit
card numbers and other confidentil information on the Internet.
Be careful! Always use encryption. Do not send confidential information 9such
as passwords and credit card numbers) to any site running the trojan horse
"stronghold". In general, beware of "snake oil" security products and hacked-up versions of
free software.
Please repost this warning to all relevant computer security forums.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 14:22:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cats Out of Bags 
Not surprisingly, Sandy (a law school flunky) is a salesman for Sameer.
So is greg broils, who graduated from some obscure law school but
hasn't passed a bar exam. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 14:24:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorship 
You are very welcome -- Sandy is a jerk for tossing your mail!
So are gilmore and the sandfart.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 17:20:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clarification on The Politics of Export Restrictions 
Sandy Sandford continues to junk crypto-relevant submissions to the "flames"
list.  Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-30 17:23:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Get cybersitter to block your ISP 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!news.panix.com!panix!news.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!rill.news.pipex.net!pipex!news-lond.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!news-feed1.globalnet.co.uk!kew.globalnet.co.uk!usenet
Newsgroups: alt.privacy,alt.censorship,alt.revenge,news.admin.censorship,alt.html
Lines: 153
NNTP-Posting-Host: client856c.globalnet.co.uk
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.0.82
To all readers:
I suggest that you do as I have done.  If you have a web page, add a
link (or many) dealing with Cybersitter, and email Mr. Milburn.
Here's my example...
Mr. Milburn:
I have been reading the reports of you and your company's unethical,
deceptive, bullying, and probably defamatory practices.  It appears
that your response to critics is to add their ISP to the list of sites
blocked by your software.
Accordingly, I have added to my home page links to various sites and
files which will inform the reader of the true nature of your agenda.
I am also suggesting to readers in all the newsgroups that relate to
this issue that they do the same.  My hope is that they will respond
by doing so, and in turn force you to add so many ISP's to your list
that you effectively restrict your users from the entire net.  If successful, this will lead ultimately to the mass realisation that
Cybersitter does not do what it is advertised to do, and that people
wishing to "protect" their children from influences with which they
disagree should choose other methods, and that you and your company
will disappear as yet another burp in the turgid indigestion of the
Please respond when you have added my ISP to your list of blocked
sites.  Feel free to email my postmaster as well.
A sample of the information available to visitors to my site follows:
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Jonathan Wallace
         jw at bway.net
retaliation against a critic of the company, Solid Oak Sofware
has added The Ethical Spectacle ( to
the list of Web sites blocked by its Cybersitter software.
the intersection of ethics, law and politics
in our society, which recently urged its readers not to
buy Cybersitter because of Solid Oak's unethical behavior.
The Ethical Spectacle is edited by Jonathan Wallace, a New York-
based software executive and attorney who is the co-author,
with Mark Mangan, of Sex, Laws and Cyberspace (Henry Holt, 1996),
a book on Internet censorship.
naively, I now think--that use of blocking software by parents
was a less restrictive alternative to government censorship.
We never expected that publishers of blocking software would
block sites for their political content alone, as Solid Oak
has done."
which contain obscene and indecent material, hate speech,
and advocacy of violence and illegal behavior. In late 1996,
computer journalists Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
and Brock Meeks (brock at well.com) broke the story that
Cybersitter blocked the National Organization for
Women site (
along with other political and feminist organizations.
In addition, the product blocked entire domains such as
well.com, maintained by the venerable Well online service.
look at the Cybersitter database of blocked sites from someone
who had reverse engineered the software. Shortly afterwards,
Solid Oak asked the FBI to begin a criminal investigation of
the two journalists and accused college student Bennett Haselton
(bennett at peacefire.org) of being their source.
Though McCullagh, Meeks and Haselton all
denied he was the source (or that anything illegal
had occurred), Solid Oak president Brian Milburn called
Haselton an "aspiring felon" and threatened to add
his Internet service provider to the blocked list if it did
not muzzle Haselton.
 	Haselton came to Milburn's attention by founding Peacefire,
a student organization opposing censorship. On his Web pages
 ( Haselton posted an essay called
"Where Do We Not Want You to Go Today?" criticizing
Solid Oak. The company promptly added Peacefire to its
blocked list, claiming   that Haselton had reverse
engineered its software, an allegation for which the
company has never produced any evidence.
acting like the proverbial 800-pound gorilla. I added a
link to the Spectacle top page called 'Don't Buy Cybersitter'
Anyone clicking on the link would see a copy of Bennett's
'Where Do We Not Want You to Go' page with some added
material, including my thoughts on the inappropriateness
of Solid Oak's behavior. I wrote the company, informing
them of my actions and telling them that they
misrepresent their product when they claim it blocks only
indecent material, hate speech and the like."
Ethical Spectacle. "I wrote to Milburn and to
Solid Oak technical support demanding an explanation,"
Wallace said. "I pointed out that The Spectacle does not fit
any of their published criteria for blocking a site.
I received mail in return demanding that I cease writing
to them and calling my mail 'harassment'--with a copy
to the postmaster at my ISP."
Wallace continued: "With other critics such as Declan,
Brock and Bennett, Solid Oak has claimed reverse
engineering of its software, in supposed violation
of its shrink-wrapped license. I have never downloaded,
purchased or used Cybersitter, nor had any access to
its database. I believe that Solid Oak's sole reason
for blocking my site is the 'Don't Buy Cybersitter'
page, criticizing the company's bullying behavior."
respected An Auschwitz Alphabet
( a compilation
of resources pertaining to the Holocaust. "Sixty
percent of the Spectacle's traffic consists of visitors to the
Holocaust materials," Wallace said. "Schoolteachers have
used it in their curricula, it was the subject of a lecture at
a museum in Poland some weeks ago, and every month, I get
letters from schoolchildren thanking me for placing it
online. Now, due to Solid Oak's actions, Cybersitter's
claimed 900,000 users will no longer have access to it."
Solid Oak can be contacted at blocking.problems at solidoak.com,
or care of its president, Brian Milburn (bmilburn at solidoak.com.)
      -----------------------------------------------
Jonathan Wallace
The Ethical Spectacle Co-author, Sex, Laws and Cyberspace "We must be the change we wish to see in the world."--Gandhi

@_date: 1997-01-31 08:26:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Supporting JackBoots 
Sure EFF is a joke.  It's designed to syphon time and resources from
worthwhile projects and to create fear, uncertainty, and doubt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-31 08:34:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Disappearing articles? 
We already know that Sandy's bot automatically discards submissions from
people he doesn't like, irrespective of contents. In the past the rejected
articles were tossed to the "flames" list.  Now Sandy has gone one step further.  The following article criticized the product Sandy is paid to
peddle. It showed up on the 'unedited' list, but Sandy hated its contents
so much that it hasn't made it to EITHER censored or the 'flames' list!
This is the beginning of the censored article:
Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
WARNING: There's a rogue trojan horse out there on the internet known as the
"stronghold web server".  It's actually a hacked-up version of Apache with a
backdoor, which allows hackers (or whoever knows the backdoor) to steal credit
card numbers and other confidentil information on the Internet.
Be careful! Always use encryption. Do not send confidential information 9such
as passwords and credit card numbers) to any site running the trojan horse
"stronghold". In general, beware of "snake oil" security products and hacked-up versions of
free software.
Please repost this warning to all relevant computer security forums.
(rest snipped to save bandwidth)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-31 19:10:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
If the keys were protected with a passphrase, then it's unlikely that
someone with access to the disk can use them without the passphrase.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-31 20:26:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Key Security Question 
If the keys were protected with a passphrase, then it's unlikely that
someone with access to the disk can use them without the passphrase.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-01-31 22:10:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: UNSCRIBE 
The guy who actually cuts off the foreskin is called "mohel", not rabbi.
Once there was a very old mohel whose hands were shaky. He wanted to buy an
insurance policy in case he cut off too much. His insurance broker shopped
around and said: "I found this great insurance policy, but there's good news
and bad news. Good news is, you get a million dollar policy for only 20 bucks
a year. Bad news is, there's a two inch deductible."
ObModeratorComment: please don't buy Stronghold or any other product from C2.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-01 20:48:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NRA and National Online Records Check bullshit 
Weren't all felonies capital crimes initially?
A hungry little boy convicted of stealing a loaf of bread would hang.
Some time later the felons were given a choice of going to the gallows
or to Australia.
A convicted felon freed after a jail sentence is a fairly recent invention.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-02 20:57:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Degaussing 
5.25" floppies could be run via a shredder (a big one, not the puny little
thing I have at home) but 3.5" floppies would make almost any shredder choke.
Some large corporations sell their old floppies to China, where they're
supposedly recycled into magentic strips for credit cards.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-03 08:06:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Interesting anonymous off-shore banking ad 
I just came across the following ad on Usenet.
For all I know this could be an El Federales troll.
I'm reposting it because I thought it might be of interest. I know
nothing more about it.
Newsgroups: alt.business.home.pc,alt.business.offshore,alt.business.import-exp
We have updated our site! START YOUR OWN OFFSHORE BANK!
Unlimited possibilities! Visit our site for more info.
You will be able to set up your offshore bank for less
than $10.000. The bank is registered in a major European
country. No additional capital or qualification requirements.
OFFSHORE BANKACCOUNT & CREDITCARD        *No bank reference required              *No minimum opening deposit
*No creditchecks
TOTALLY ANONYMOUS BANKACCOUNTS
*Not even the bank will know who you are
*No ID required for cash withdrawals
TOTALLY ANONYMOUS COMPANIES & CORPORATE BANKACCOUNTS
*Your name will not show up anywhere
*Complete with corporate bankaccount
ACCEPT CREDITCARDS
*No Business history required
*No monthly minimum
*Not restricted to the United States
*Mail order & Internet businesses accepted
Visit our site at

@_date: 1997-07-03 08:09:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: They want your keys 
A former federal organized-crime prosecutor in Los angeles has pleaded guilty
to three felony charges in a scandal involving death threats, hundreds of
thousands of dollars' worth of fraud and the acceptance of cash payments from defendants.
The former prosecutor, Andrew Pitt, 39, faces between 24 and 30 months in a
federal prison. Last month Pitt filed a sworn statement admitting, among other
things, that he had taken $98,000 from one infrmer facing criminal charges and $35,000 from another. He said he then recommended probation, instead of a prison sentence, for the first informer and repeatedly asked that the second
informer be given additional time at large before reporting to prison. In addition Pitt admitted taking $33,000 from an illegal stock deal and transferr
it to his own account.
But Securities and Exchanges commission charged that Pitt also obtained at
least $400,000 in illegal profits by manipulating stock in a company he
controlled while serving as a prosecutor. And federal officials also charged
that Pitt was associated with a group of stock swindlers who went to Montreal
in 1995 with $350,000 to bribe people described in an indictment as "belived
to be" Quebec government officials.
A former assistant Los Angeles district attorney, Pitt was hired in 1988 as a
prosecutor with a federal organized-crime task force  The task force was
merged the following year with the U.S. attorney's office. Pitt was the lead
prosecutor in a high-profile case lining organized crime to the recording
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-06 13:29:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: index.html 
Nazim never went away and needs to resurgence in Germany.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-07 21:30:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Liberating the Bits 
And we're supposed to believe you?
I pity a man who has no sense of humor - like Timmy.
Can you prove that you didn't write it?
What about the call to assassinate the president posted under your
name to the alt.cypherpunks newsgroup?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-07 21:30:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Dobbs Cryptography and Security CD-ROM 
An MIT student named Lamachhia(sp?) reportedly operated a warez FTP archive.
He got arrested and charged with something irrelevant (wire fraud??).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-08 07:39:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr. Dobbs Cryptography and Security CD-ROM 
I was studying up on his case just the other day and wasn't sure
if it was all over.  The DA fucked up by charging him with something
totally irrelevant and not copyright violations.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-08 07:41:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [STEGO] RSA 
And blames me for it.  How sneaky!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-08 07:41:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is the Vulisbot triggered by my posts? 
Tim, I'm not having any "problems" with bwalk (the only computer with the
modem - others are in no way connected to the internet for security reasons)
I've replaced OS/2 on it by Windows 95.  I'm going to add some more hardware
before I add NT 4.0.
I think it's sort of a change for the better.  (I still have W95, Linux,
and OS/2 on other boxes.)
(Oh and by the way I got the CD writer - thanks again to everyone who gave
feedback regarding the backup systems)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-08 20:07:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Forged Posts 
I'm sorry to hear that, Tim...
I resent that.  Why would I create a personality of an ignorant, loud,
foul-mouthed Mac luser? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-08 20:09:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: piracy 
Only time will tell.  I don't have the crypto CD yet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-08 20:10:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is the Vulisbot triggered by my posts? 
Downgrade it is.  I was planning to migrate this one to NT, but NT won't
install without some hardware changes, so I settled for W95 for now.
I still have another box running OS/2.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-09 00:17:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Forged Posts 
Gary Burnore (spit) would masturbate to that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-09 12:57:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A really  meaningfull upgrade 
Not that I advocate such censorship, but usa.net is very fond of pulling the
plugs on its free accounts whenever there are complaints about contents. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-09 13:13:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is the Vulisbot triggered by my posts? 
I don't think I could even get a dockmaster account.
I already have a Linux box. I figure two Intel boxes running Unix clones
would be redundant. :-) I might get a donation of a Sparc 20, though.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-09 13:17:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is the Vulisbot triggered by my posts? 
Well, it's in math, not comp.sci. :-)
We had a greateful dead concern 1 block from us last week - weed was just
lying in the street afterwards.
My plan was to move this box from OS/2 to NT, but NT wouldn't install,
so I'm keeping W95 on it until I get around modernizing the hardware.
I think the best policy is to have "1 of each".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-09 23:44:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Vulisbot 
In what way do I deny the Vulisbot?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-10 01:46:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A really  meaningfull upgrade 
Have you tried complaining to the European Envelope manufacturers
association in Switzerland???
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:36:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recreational pharmaceuticals by genetic engineering 
I thought he lived with his parents?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:36:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is the Vulisbot triggered by my posts? 
Bwalk seems to work fine. I still have OS/2 on one more box.
(The idea was that I wanted to have NT (I don't have it now), and
figured I'll use the box that's not good for anything anyway.)
This whole silly thread reminds me of a joke which I partially forgot.
Basically, a bunch of women are asked, suppose you're stranded on a little
uninhabited island, and you see a ship full of sex-starved men. (Or
something like this.) They all give different answers, and the blonde
says: "I understand the situation, but I fail to see a problem."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:44:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Recreational pharmaceuticals by genetic engineering 
it's somewhat on-topic.
My understanding is that access to the eq needed for such hacking (or for
creating various harmful little bugs) is already very tightly watched.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:48:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A really  meaningfull upgrade 
That's what Black Unicorn's signature recommends.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 21:05:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
I think one of the possible scenarios is that all tobacco companies,
present and future, will have to become members of a "private"
self-regulatory organization - sort of like NASD.
It is a CRIME is most jurisdictions.
Actually, licensing is a neat idea that leads to more efficient markets.
E.g., New York State licenses plumbers, contractors, barbers, etc; if
you enter into a contract with an unlicensed party for one of these
services, it won't be enforced by the state court. E.g. you can't
sue the unlicensed bricklayer for laying your bricks crooked, and he
can't sue you for not paying. :-) Here the state just says, if you
want our jurisdiction, you play by our rules and you pay a fee.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 21:05:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hacker cracks ESPN 
Were these two sites running C2Net's "Stronghold"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-11 21:06:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
Freedom to act stupid.
Freedom of religion is the freedom to give one's money to crooks, many
of whom don't believe the nonsense they preach.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-13 08:50:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuck the Usenet Cabal 
No, the Internet interprets cocksucker John Gilmore as censorship, shits on
him, and routes around him. :-)
ObCrypto: I was offered a 76GB changer for $350.  I thought of the following
demo application: a user e-mails a piece of a Unix passwd file (password+salt)
to a server, which looks up a password that works.  Problem is, 76GB doesn't
seem sufficient for the lookup table. :-( (Assume infinite time available
on a fast box.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-13 08:50:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
I don't respond to Kent, and most of the time delete his articles after
reading only the first few lines.  I hope that one day he will say
something more profound that his usual trolls.
Back when Sternlight joined this mailing list briefly and started trolling
people with his stupid and ignorant rants, I repeatedly asked everyone not
to respond to his trolls on-list.  When Sternlight was ignored, he left.
He might have had something interesting to say (he knows a lot more about
crypto than Timmy - still not much) but he chose not to.
Timmy is just lying. I'm not disrputing this mailing list - quite the
opposite, I played a signficant role in saving it from censorship.
Detweiller knows much more than Timmy about cryptography and is a
victim of his censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-13 23:31:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Int'l High School Exchange 
I could take on a few h.s. girls, but my wife might get jealous.
Does this mean you only provide oriental girls?
Like, what kinds of traditions?
I have a tradition to encrypt, like, everything.  Would I still be
allowed to do that if I had a non-US teenage girl here?  Would I have
to take steps to prevent her from using my computers?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-14 10:36:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bizarre e-mail in the orphan mailbox 
This is, like, bizarre.  Why do they send this stuff in cleartext,
and why does it come to my orphan mailbox? We have no "tcheung" here.
]Received: (from www at localhost) by hotbox.danni.com (8.7.3/8.7.3) id MAA21869 for tcheung at dm.com; Sun, 13 Jul 1997 12:53:37 -0700 (PDT)
]Date: Sun, 13 Jul 1997 12:53:37 -0700 (PDT)
]Message-Id: <199707131953.MAA21869 at hotbox.danni.com>
]To: tcheung at dm.com
]From: Kris (kris at danni.com)
]Subject: Hotbox
]Errors-To: kris at danni.com
]Your HotBOX passwords have been activated!
]New Members:
]A charge will appear on your credit card statement (if that is how you
]paid) as "V.B.P. call for info (310) 258-0930." The cost of HotBOX is
]$9.95 per month, automatically charged to your credit card. We
]also offer trial memberships of one week at $2.99.
]All accounts will automatically renew at the end of the billing period
]at a rate of  $9.95 per month in order to assure you uninterrupted service.
]You can now access the HotBOX at:   ]If you have any comments or questions, don't hesitate to contact us:
]Hotbox at danni.com.
]Make sure you read the FAQ first before contacting us:
]*To cancel your account*, and stop all future billing: go to the following
]address and enter your name and your access codes.
]Current HotBOX Members:
]If you have recently contacted us about being unable to access the HotBOX
]With your codes, this is a message to notify you that your codes have been
]reactivated. This does not mean that you are being billed again, unless you
]have allowed your membership to lapse and are now restarting it. Please call
]our office if you are unfamiliar with the details of your account.
]Danni's Hard Drive can be contacted at:
](310) 258-0930 from 9am to 6pm, every day, Pacific time.
]Our toll free number is (888) 878-7252
]Hotbox at danni.com for HotBOX problems
]madison at danni.com for merchandise problems
]danni at danni.com for fan mail and suggestions
]If you send us any e-mail regarding your account, *please* send us your
]Full name, username and password -- it will help us rectify any problems much
]more quickly.
]Enter your username & password in the *exact same* upper/lower case
]patterns shown here:
]username: antonio
]password: 9183tc
]Please note: your username might have been modified if another member
]had already selected it.
]Have Fun!
]Jannine and kris,
]HotBOX Administration
]kris at danni.com
What is this stuff: username: antonio
password: 9183tc
Why are they spamming me with their passwords?

@_date: 1997-07-14 23:34:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bizarre e-mail in the orphan mailbox 
But lots of these used to be available for free on alt.binaries.pictures.
erotica the last time I looked (which was admittedly many years ago).
Conspiracy theory: do you think the spammers are flooding the "free"
sources of good stuff (such as usenet) to eliminate the competition,
so people would have to pay them for same?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-15 08:14:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bizarre e-mail in the orphan mailbox 
I am not surprised.
I wish there were a technical solution to make Usenet immune to such
sabotage wihout abridging free speech.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-15 12:32:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
This has zero crypto-relevance, so I'll rant about the movies instead.
Some folks on this list may have heard of the book _Lolita by Vladimir
Nabokov, and/or seen the movie (directed I think by Stanley Kubrik circa
1965).  A couple of years ago someone remade the movie using a 14-year-old
actress.  Naturally, there was no sex.  Nevertheless every U.S. ditributor
refused to distribute the movie expressing the fear of being charged with
child pornography.
And of course you heard that _The Tin Drummer_, the German movie that won
the Oscar a couple of years ago, was seized in Oklahoma as being child porn.
Has anyone _not_ see _The Bridge over the River Kwai_? Did you know that
the sequel, _The Return to the River Kwai_, fairly successful in most countries
outside the U.S., was never released in the U.S. (in theaters or on tape),
perhaps because Sony owns the rights in the U.S. and found the movie
offensive to the Japs? (Wait a minute, that's not child porn...)
ObHack: Isn't child porn legal in some European countries? How about setting
up a (free) Web site someplace like Denmark with pictures that are illegal
in the U.S.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-15 12:32:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bizarre e-mail in the orphan mailbox 
Sigh. I've experimented with "hide" NoCeMs for traffic that in my opinion
was off-topic in certain badly infested newsgroups, and wasn't quite happy.
If the saboteur posts 10,000 junk articles that must be distributed
before the NoCeMs are issued and applied, then he has succeeded in
causing damages. "Hide" NoCeMs work fine against plan old "spam" (multi-
posting a few articles), but not against deliberate flooding with tens
of thousands of articles.
A better idea might be "select" NoCeMs first suggested by the CancelMoose,
but not implemented in any reader I know.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-15 19:41:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fuck the Usenet Cabal 
Suppose that 'foo' is a valid password for the account 'bar'. Unix computes
crypt(3)[similar to DES] using 8 bytes of zeros as the plaintext and the
password (56 bits) and the 'salt' (the 12-bit time-stamp of when the
password is set) as the key. Then it stores the salt and the (64-bit) result
of crypt, often in a place where regular users can read it.
When some program wants to verify that 'baz' is indeed a password for 'foo',
it extracts the salt and the encrypted string from the password database,
computes crypt(3) of salt (from the database) + the password being tried,
and sees if it matches the encryption result in the database.
This was designed by Robert Morris Sr [who really deserves more fame than
being the father of Robert Morris Jr of the worm fame] and Ken Thompson.
The purpose of the pseudo-random 'salt' is to make sure that if two accounts
have the same password, they'll still have different encryption strings in
the database (almost always).
Thus, given 12+64 bits of input, we want to get the 56 bits of output; and
the vast majority of 12+64 inputs can't happen.
A well-known attack (implemented by widely available programs such as
"crack") is to try various words from a dictionary with the 'salts' used by
the traget account(s) (usually using not the (slow) crypt(3) from the
library, but a highly optimized version of it. [The guy who wrote the
"Camel" Perl book got caught doing this at a place where he worked as a
consultant, and was prosecuted and convicted.]
To prevent dictionary attacks, many sites no longer make the encrypted
strings "easily" available to users; programs must use an API to check if a
supplied password matches. Unix admins call this "password shadowing".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-17 11:43:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Real Plan: Making the Net Safe for Censorship 
You assume that someone gives a damn whether you "respect" them or not.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-17 23:47:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Big Sellout 
I think a better approach would be to rate all of one's pages as being very
nasty, and post a disclaimer that those who rely on 'ratings' shouldn't be
allowed to see it, irrespective of contents.
I dont know much about this Web page design stuff. Can someone please post
a recipe for 'rating' a page to be max-nasty, both sex and violence-wise?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-17 23:51:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: All of my fucking material is suitable for children of all ages 
When Timmy is not flaming me, he usually talks sense.
FWIW, my 8 y o has his own IBM Aptiva, his own Internet access, his own
e-mail box, and I exercise absolutely no control over what he reads or
says on the Internet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-18 01:39:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A.Jensen doesn't like Sympatico.ca 
What do Timmy May and A.Jensen have in common?
They hate Toto's ISP:
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.email
Organization: Aragorn Asteria
Lines: 45
xt.36276030 at news.erols.com>
Reply-To: pavanas at bbs.mpcs.com
X-Newsreader: slrn (0.9.4.2 UNIX)
Path: altavista!news1.digital.com!data.ramona.vix.com!sonysjc!sonybc!newsjunki
On Tue, 15 Jul 1997 22:07:46 GMT,
 Roswell Coverup  mused and hath written:
And then some... Despite repeated attempts I have never managed a response
of any kind from anyone at sympatico. Consider them a write off.

@_date: 1997-07-18 22:00:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
I have the first the third editions of Ian raham's excellent
_HTML Sourcebook. The first edition has screen shots from dozens of
browsers. Where did they all go? :-)
Non-crypt stuff like frames and animated gifs could be added here.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-19 01:35:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Microsoft will NOT ship browser with RSACi on by default 
The pope could beat the shit out of Bill if it was a real
Italian pope and not some dumb polack.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-19 08:44:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Something of Interest (fwd) 
I got it too.
It could be a very tasteless joke.
Or it could be a real e-mail from IRS telling us that they keep tabs on
who's been talking to Jim.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-20 09:53:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PICS recipes 
I find this one the funniest.  It means, the page makes disparaging remarks
about the environment and has no Canadian content.
I suppose for good measure one could add
among the headers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-20 10:18:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunk U 
Because the Arab terrorist Sameer "Gas the Kikes" Parekh likes to suck
big dicks.  There are even more fags at Berkeley/San Francisco than
at MIT/Cambridge, and Sameer likes being with his fellow cocksuckers.
Where is Cunanan when the cryptographic field needs him?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-20 10:18:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bean IRS for Another $250,000 
FWIW, here are the headers of the one IRS e-mail spam I got directly
(in addition to the ones via mailing lists)
]Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
]	via UUCP; Fri, 18 Jul 97 19:06:35 EDT
]	for dlv
]Received: from tcs-gateway1.treas.gov by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
]        id AA23310 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 18 Jul 97 18:48:06 -0400
]Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov id AA19664
]  (InterLock SMTP Gateway 3.0 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com);
]  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 18:47:53 -0400
]Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-2);
]  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 18:47:53 -0400
]Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-1);
]  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 18:47:53 -0400
]Date: Thu, 17 Jul 1997 12:30:03 -0400
]From: irsnwpr at net.insp.irs.gov (IRS Inspection)
]Message-Id: <199707171630.MAA02739 at net.insp.irs.gov>
]To: Interested-Parties at net.insp.irs.gov
]Subject: Something of Interest
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-22 23:37:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Real Revolution: Net Guerrillas, from The Netly News (fwd) 
Her Declan, you want a story idea - look into the (verylarge) role
various Internet mailing lists played in organizing the invasion of Zaire.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-22 23:38:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fight-each-other 
(reasonable stuff)
This is hilarious.
It also gives me an idea for a project, if anyone wants one:
Put out your own .RAT file with shit like "advocates censorship" or
"opposes use of crypto".  Put out PICS ratings against the material
on the net using this .RAT file.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-23 01:54:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: disappointing honeymoon! 
Naw, I'm not fightimh with Ray anymore.
Free Cypherpunk Political Prisoner Jim Bell now!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-24 08:03:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Free Money 
Don't ever rely on the gubmint (or anyone else) to obey its own laws.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-24 22:37:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reference.Com wants to pay listowners to send ads to their lists 
One of my many hats is the owner of a very technical mailing list
with about 400 subscribers.  I received the following unsolicited
e-mail from reference.com, which I'm reposting without comment:
]Received: (from eansender at localhost)
]          by bilbo.reference.com (8.8.5/8.8.4)
]	  id GAA15443 for DLV at DM.COM; Thu, 24 Jul 1997 06:15:14 -0700 (PDT)
]Date: Thu, 24 Jul 1997 06:15:14 -0700 (PDT)
]From: ean at reference.com
]Message-Id: <199707241315.GAA15443 at bilbo.reference.com>
]To: DLV at DM.COM
]Subject: InReference Email Ad Network Information
]Dear List Owner,
]As a listowner, you may have heard about us. We're InReference, Inc. We're
]the developers of Reference.COM, the Internet's most comprehensive resource
]for accessing Internet forums. We allow business and home users to easily
]search, find, browse  and participate in more than 150,000 worldwide web
]forums, USENET newsgroups and email lists. Even though you're not currently
]archiving your list with Reference.COM, we thought we'd let you know about a
]new service from InReference that may be of interest. We understand the
]pressures on your time, so thanks in advance for hearing us out.
]During the past year, we've been approached by numerous list owners
]asking for help finding sponsors for their lists. While a few lists are
]already funded, others would benefit from additional financial support.
]The reasons are many.  Perhaps the listowner needs helps supporting day-to-day
]operations. Or perhaps there's a desire to grow the list.
]We've also been approached by many would-be sponsors, socially-responsible
]companies that wanted to do email advertising the right way--with the
]cooperation and support of the list owner.
]To address this need, we've started the InReference email ad network  (EAN).
]Basically, we match you up with advertisers fitting a preference profile that
]you create. We handle ad sales, insertion, auditing, billing, and so on. It
]costs nothing to sign-up, and can generate $0.01-0.05/ad/subscriber depending
]on the list. As a list owner, you choose the type of ad (whether banner or
]standalone) and the frequency of ad insertion. You also have the right to veto
]any ads before they can be sent out.
]A more detailed description of EAN can be found at the following URL  :
]	
]Should your interest warrant it, details on signing up can be found at :
]	
]Jack Zoken
]InReference, Inc.
]PS: Regardless of whether you sign-up for EAN, we'd welcome the opportunity to
]archive your list at Reference.COM. See  __________ to submit your list for

@_date: 1997-07-28 22:05:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Crypto Application 
I guess that doesn't include me, but greetings anyway.
Will a user be able to uuencode a binary file and pretend that it's text?
Better hurry - there are no legal restrictions in the U.S. on how hard you can
make it for internal use, but that may change soon.
It's copyrighted the moment you've written it. Some people spend $10
on registering their copyright with the Library of Congress. You can
even file your source code there.
That's a commendable idea. However if your program will use reasonable
strng encryption, you should talk to a knowledgeable lawyer before
publishing it in a way which might be construed as "exporting" it.
You sound like you could use some.
How about "One-Time Sanitary Pad"?
(Note to the list: I have been having little problems indeed (some of my
systems hacks for OS/2 no longer working under Microsquish) but they're
almost entirely fixed or rewritten now.  Microsquish sucks indeed. I'm
glad I have a backup OS/2 box.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-29 09:05:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
This sounds like the kind of stuff teenagers are interested in, have
little trouble finding in the "real world", and usually lose interest
in by the time they're 15.
They're probably the majority of the readers of these particular sites.
And your point is?..
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-29 09:09:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
And let's not forget the thousands of volunteers who helped clean up Chernobyl.
A minute of silence...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-29 09:11:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Thomases (Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember - 
it's important to note that the Thomases were acquited on most charges,
including all child porn charges, but were convicted on "minor" obscenity
The same the Waco survivors were acquitted of almost everything but the
"minor" weapond possession and locked up for many, many years based on that.
Apparently the juries felt that if the fedz had gone to the trouble of
putting together a case, they're obliged to convict of something "minor".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-30 20:43:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Online Casino Ripoffs / Re: 7-29_b8_EXTRA_Internet.html 
Of course the reason the "illegal" numbers rackets are so popular still
is that they offer much better odds of winning than the state lottery.
Unable to compete in the marketplace, the gubmint outlaws the
competition. Same way the gubmint wants to outlaw better crypto
than what the NSA has to offer.
ObPICSshit: I heard on the radio of a decision yesteday by (I think) NYS
Supremes: NYS is NOT violating its constitution's free speech blurb by
banning beer with politically incorrect _labels.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-30 22:00:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
I ask everyone on these two forums to inform Northern Telecom Forgers /
Bell North Forgery Research / Entrust that we will boycott their
"security" products as long they continue to employ the child-molesting
pedophile Chris R. Lewis - the biggest forger on Usenet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-31 04:28:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
As opposed to snake oil peddled by the forgers who employ Chris Lewis.
"Scum" applies to Chris lewis and Sandy Harris, both of whom have Web
pages dedicated to them at  and
../harriss0.html.  (While at it, check out gary Burnore's net.Scum
page at ../burnorg0.html.)
Chris Lewis forges cancels for Usenet articles posted by other people when
he doesn't like their contents.  'Forges' refers to Chris Lewis putting the
e-mail address of his victim in the Sender: field.  You can find numerous
examples of Chris Lewis forging cancels for articles that are not "spam"
by any definition on his Net.Scum page.
Sandy Harris sounds like a typical Usenet pedophile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-31 20:49:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
Paul Pomes is a fouil-mouthed liar.  Please see his Net.Scum page at
Two questions to Tim Skirvin:
1. Why was Paul Pomes fired from UIUC academic computer facility?
2. Does Paul still weigh 400 lbs?
That's a very good point.  Paul is an enemy of the cypherpunk anonymous
remailers. He complains about them to the remailer operators' upstreams
and employers.  Paul has been sending me obscene and harrassing e-mail
and complains to PSI, my upstream, about the contents of the e-mail he
thinks originated here.  Paul is a poster child for net.censorship.
Paul publicly claims to killfile anyone he doesn't like, but then goes
out of his way to silence them.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-31 20:50:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
Let me clarify two things:
1. "Spam cancellers" are not generally news admins. They are plain old
users who get kicked off of their ISPs for forging cancels. For examples,
see Net.Scum pages of Rick Buchanan, David Ritz, et al.
2. Once a cancel-forger builds a "reputation" as a "spam canceller",
s/he often diversifies into "retromodetration" - forgng cancels for
singly-postd articles whose contents they don't like and claiming that
they were "spam". For examples, see the Net.Scum pages for Guy Macon
(the retromoderator on soc.religion.quaker), Chris Lewis, et al.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-31 20:54:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Third party rating services NOT self-rating (was Re: Yet another 
I have 2 kids.  I think it's highly unethical to lie to kids about the
existance of tooth fairies/gods/santa clauses.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-31 20:59:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free 
I posted an MMF parody (PGP as MLM) to the cypherpunks mailing list last
January and was threatened by more than one person too stupid to recognize a
The Net.Scum who forge cancels for Usenet articles that are cross-posted into
"too many" newsgroups a) are not usually sysadmins - just control freak users,
who often get spanked from their ISPs for forging cancels, harrassing posters,
and other net-abuse, 2) have no clue how Usenet works - they claim that
cross-posting wastes bandwidth, 3) suppress not only MMF but any content they
don't like (like Guy Macon, the retromoderator of the formerly
unmoderated soc.religion.quaker, has been forging cancels for the leprosy
thread which he thinks is "off-topic")
The solution is to disable all cancels now.
Who are you to decide that a particular content is illegal, or that a Usenet
article soliciting an activity that's illegal in some jurisdictions should
be suppressed?
Unlike you, I am a news admin.  Many years ago I used to forge cancels for
MMF articles on Usenet.  Then I realized that I was very wrong to do that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-07-31 22:10:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: uncensorable net based payment system? 
This is a VERY interesting idea Adam.
But it should also depend on the time of day: 10mbps at 8 pm, when all
the geeks are jerking off online, is more valuable than 10mbps at 5 am.
Another observation is that a lot of folks have a lot of unused
bandwidth which they keep just in case they need it once a day.
If they can rent out the unused bandwidth, it'll make it cheaper
to buy even more bandwidth in case they need it later - a self-feeding
growth.  Cool.
I had a very interesting conversation the other day about how electrical
utilities (and traders) are now developing fascinating derivatives based
on the electricity as a commodity.  Sure one can trade futures on electricity.
Electricity also comes in different kinds and at different prices depending on
the geographic location and the local time; noon electricity on the east
coast is not the same as the noon electricity in chicago. All this trading
leads not just to speculation, but to better hedging, more efficient
utilization of resources, and lower prices for end-users.
I'm shocked I myself didn't think then and there of an analogy with Internet
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-08-01 00:17:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download) 
If you examine the forged cancels for MMF in your control group, you'll
see the cancel issuers frequently stating that they're forging the cancels
because they believe MMF to be "illegal".
Sort of reminds of the war on (some) drugs, doesn't it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-02 05:17:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Kent, you're a lying asshole.
It's been a while since I rented any videos (got better uses for my time),
but one used to be able to plonk down $50 cash, rent a video, bring it back
w/ bearer receipt, and get one's $50 back (minus the $1-2 for the rental)
If someone decides keep the used video, the cash deposit more than
covers the replacement.
I believe this mode of operation is still very common in NYC, where lots of
folks don't have credit cards, don't have permanent addresses, or don't
want their viewing habits known.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 00:00:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Profanity, PCS phones, and FCC 
Are you a native speaker of English, Jeremy?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 00:33:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: McVeigh 
I haven't seen the movie, but my recollection is that in real life the
British were attacking the Russians.  See, the Turks were killing
Xians in the Balkans, and the Russians foolishly tried to protect them,
and the British stepped in to protect the Turks.  Maybe they changed it
all in the movie version (can't expect U.S. moviegoers to follow 19th
century politics).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 12:25:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: McVeigh? Nimrods..... 
Good point, Lucky.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 12:25:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
Rant: I think Joseph Stalin was a cool guy, even though he had my great-grandpa
shot (who was btw a U.S. citizen).
One of the many interesting contributions Joe Stalin made to the Marxist
theory was the observation that the class struggle intensifies as the
old mode of production becomes obsolete; and that there's really no difference
between "terrorist acts" and government-sponsored violence and economic
deprivation.  You might view the second statement as the generalization of
Klauzewitz's (or Bismarck's?) maxim that war is the continuation of foreign
policy by other means.
Consider, for example, the evolution from the feudal mode of production
to capitalism in Spanish Netherlands. The representatives of the Spanish
King first tries to suppress the emerging capitalism by increased regulation
and taxation. When that failed, they resorted to mass executions and
confiscations under the guise of fighting Protestants.
Consider, for example, a Black child in the United States who dies of
a trivial curable disease because of the lack of health care. Consider
the child's parents who labor "off the books" in menial jobs, who are
deprived by the state from the ability to marry, to work "on the books",
to hold a bank account, et al. Is being deprived from the results of one's
labor that different from being sold at an auctioned and whipped in
a public ceremony to terrify other (wage) slaves?
Joe Stalin himself took part in several spectacular terrorist acts in
his youth, which resulted in deaths of dozens of "innocent bystanders".
What I'm driving at is: someone said earlier that Cypherpunks don't make
bombs, Cypherpunks write code. Well, my response is, if you write code
for anonymous electronic commerce that seriously challenges the gubmint,
in a free market environment, then the gubmint will first try to regulate
it out of existence, and if it fails, it will use whatever force is
necessary, including jailing and shooting people, to fight for it survival.
The obsolete ruling class is doomed by thr inevitable historical process,
but it will put up a tremendous fight before giving up its ghost.
Prepare for crypto to be criminalzed. Prepare for the former cpunks who
"sold out" (C2Net and the like) to support criminalization of crypto use
within the U.S. in exchange for a possible relexation of export rules.
Prepare for any instrument that resembles bearer bonds to be outlawed.
Prepare for Internet gambling to be outlawed. Prepare for class struggle.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 22:20:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam costs and questions 
I post moderately heavily to Usenet (10-10 articles / week).
All the UCE I get is much less in volume that, e.g., the traffic from
the Cypherpunks mailing list. In some weeks it's only 1 or 2 pieces.
I may be getting so little UCE because I've asked Wallace to remove
me from his mailing list, so I only get it from "rogue rogues".
It takes me no material time to browse the subject lines and to skip
the UCE. (Sometimes I do read the UCE - some of the products they've
advertised sounded interesting to me). Nor am I paying to receive
anything. (Given that I get mailbombed pretty regularly, I wouldn't
go for anything other than flat rate.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 22:22:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: McVeigh? Nimrods..... 
Not to a journalist whore. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-05 22:25:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: McVeigh? Nimrods..... 
LOL.  Almost ROTFL.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-06 13:16:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Clinton has done a great deal for Intel"--more trolling 
Let's all pledge not to waste any more time responding to KKKent KKKrispin.
[It worked with SternFUD :-) ]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-06 13:28:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
Declan didn't like what I wrote, so he deleted it.
Good journalism.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-06 21:13:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
Stalin claimed (and I agree) that when the ruling classes are facing loss of
power, even due to purely market forces, they will resort to violence to try
to keep their poer: first government regulation/taxation to suppress the new
technologies/modes of production, and when it fails, jailing and killing those
who challenge them.
Imagine a very primitive society on some sort a of Pacific Island, where
people live in relative deprivation and obey the Chief, whose main duties are
to deflower the virgins, and to allocate the meager coconut harvest "fairly".
Some bright islander invents a way to grow many times as much coconut as
before, making the Chief unneeded (say, he discovers that if you shit on the
roots of the palm tree, it acts as a fertilizer :-). The Chief will try to use
whatever means are at his disposal to preserve his power, starting with
regulatory (declaring that to shit on palm tree roots is blasphemy), to
extreme violence (punishing such blasphemy by torture and death), because the
invention, even though non-violent, threatens his rule.
Get it?
Now replace "shitting on palm tree roots" with "anonymous digital commerce".
Irrelevant to what I was talking about.
Irrelevant to what I was talking about, and not quite true.
(The number of farmers starved to death was at most 6 million; many others
died elsewhere. Yes, Stalin used arguments such as the one I cited as the
theoritical justification for the forcible farm collectivization (actually
invented by Trotsky :-)).
Not in his youth.
Before Stalin got in the position of ordering his minion to kill millions
of people, he used to be a "hands-on" terrorist - blowing up Tsarist
officials, robbing banks, killing numbers of "innocent bystanders".
Under the same system of law that criminalizes mj, sex for teenagers,
"sodomy" between concenting adults, driving over 55, tax evasion, et al.
Yes - review the list archives. C2Net supports criminalizing domestic use of
encryption for the first time, and also sends threatening lawyer letters to
security experts who question their products.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 07:24:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
Of course they forget the nearly thousand years of English thuggery
in Ireland...
That would be just lovely!
I'm sorry the IRS missed a chance to blow up the Blair motherfucker
during his recent $400 dinner.
Please send donations to Sinn Fein every time you see Hallam Baker post.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 07:51:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
I kind of doubt it.
Do you believe, as I do, that "spam" deserves the protection as any other kind
of speech, and that so libel, child pornography, and bolb-making instructions?
I didn't think so. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 07:52:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: dnews? 
I had a couple of those.  I don't think they're related to the
forged cancels from bellatlantic (which should be screamed about).
I'd appreciate all followups to the thread "Chris Lewis has utterly lost it",
Thanks.  Major updates to net.scun hopefully tonite.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 08:52:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Trash your Enemy's Server 
Very good.  If I had the time, I would have used the same  used in
my cancelbot (available at  btw)
to make a Windows 95 binary.
Somehow I think the people most likely to use this would be running W95 and
have no C compiler, rather than running a flavor of Unix/Linux.
Perhaps someless than busy than I am can do this. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 10:53:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Trash your Enemy's Server 
Without getting into OS wars, let me just point out that I'm writing this
on an OS/2 box. :-)
It might make the box not very usable for other stuff.
I'm thinking of a situation where someone has access to a room full of
W95 boxes (e.g. a computer lab at school) left idle for extended time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 12:01:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
If you set up your mailbox to accept e-mail promiscuously from anyone,
then anything sent to it is "consentual".
The onus is on the recipient to filter out what they don't want (or to
"filter in" only what they want, which is how I think we'll end up). Such
filtering takes less time+effort than "repeated cease-and-desist notes".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 21:39:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
And if the recipient gets UCE without such tags, he can sue, right?
As it is, there are a few dozen mentally disturbed folks who bombard
postmasters everywhere with false reports of "spamming" and "warez".
Now they'll complain about UCE without tags (w/o basis in reality)
and threaten to sue.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 23:13:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption 
Off-topic rant follows:
Levin Sr is a petty asshole. I used to work for a guy who used to be
the president of Time Warner before. One of his retirement perks was
a WATS line. When what's-his-name suddenly died and Levin assumed
office was to turn off that WATS line.  This tells me something.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-07 23:15:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption 
Becoming a high school teacher in NYC was a stupid move.  Someone I know
went to teach; 2 weeks into the semester one of his students punched him
in the nose causing extensive damage. This stopped making news long ago.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 03:12:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption 
An employee of "firefly.net" (a very invasive marketing organization that
specializes in compiling huge databases of personal information about
Internet users) recently got upset at me and posted various personal
information about me to Usenet in an effort to harrass me.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 03:12:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
The following rant has nothing to do with crypto. If anyone wants to
talk about this (and I do hope Ross will will this of interest!), let's
move this someplace more appropriate, like f-k.
First, not all "unsolicited e-mail" is commercial.
Suppose a Jew4Jesus writes a short perl script that collects the e-mail
addresses of all the people who post to the Usenet newsgroup soc.culture.jewish
and various other Jewish-related forums, and e-mails them an unsolicited
e-mail that goes:
"Subject: Re: Beloved friend and fellow Jew,
I'm writing in response to your Usenet article  posted on
 in newsgroup(s) .  I believe that your soul will not be
saved unless you accept Y'hoshua the Moshiah as your friend and
personal savior blah blah Jesus is cumming and you better swallow!"
[I chose J4J as an example because they're probably the most censored and
persecuted group on the 'net today - more so than CoS or the Nazis :-)
It could be a political candidate sending his campaign ad to hundreds
of thousands of e-mail addresses - this has happened before. It could
be an environmental organization calling for a boycott of some product
or corporation]
Under the law Igor proposed (and I understand "anto-spam" bills to this
effect are floating around the various legislatures), this wouldn't need
to be labelled "ad".
"Voluntary" labelling can be made pretty much mandatory - like movie
ratings and now TV show ratings, and Social Security "contributions"
are "voluntary". You don't have to "voluntarily" label any article
critical of the Klinton Administration as "seditious spam", but you
can't find a backbone which doesn't require its ISPs to make it a
part of their TOS. But we're not quite there yet.
BTW, under Stanford Wallace's TOS, if the J4J neglected to run his mailing
list through Stanford's "scrub" database, removing the addresses that don't
want "bulk" e-mail, the poor J4J would probably be spanked hard.
(See WWW.IEMMC.ORG. I'm not sure if this is right either.)
Of course some people make a point of refusing to put their addresses
on the "scrub" list, and then bitching when they get bulk e-mail,
vecause they want all bulk e-mail to stop. Bulk e-mail professionals
have their own blacklist of people who bitch, and try not to e-mail
them even without their "remove" request. :-)
Then again, what constitutes "bulk"? Suppose the J4J sent a single unsolicited
prozelityzing e-mail to a single soc.culture.jewish poster, who goes
ballistic. Or suppose the J4J posted a prozelityzing article in
soc.culture.jewish, and someone sent him an e-mail in response, saying "Fuck
you, hazer, please refrain from sliming s.c.j with your xian propaganda".
"Harrassment" is a content-based judgment call, as is "commercial
advertisement". Would a more polite request to "stay away from our Jewish
newsgroup, please" be more kosher? Is it acceptable for a "politically
correct" homosexual to send hate e-mail to the posters on
alt.fan.rush-limbaugh with specific criticisms of their articles?
Yes, the only honorable response to speech you don't like
is to ignore it or to respond with more speech. Is it acceptable
to send an e-mail flame directly to a poster in a moderated newsgroup
if the flame has no chance of being approved by the moderator?
(No, because there aren't any moderated newsgroups anymore :-)
When an e-mail address is publicized (e.g. by posting to Usenet, or by
having it mentioned in a Web page), it will get "unsolicited" e-mail from
strangers - hopefully not "harrassing". A way out of it is to install
filters that separate "stranger" e-mail from the e-mail from known parties.
E.g., I might create a file that contained keywords that are of
interest to me - names of friends, words like "crypto" or "freedom knights".
Then I could have .procmailrc invoke grep, and if none of the keywords
matched, put the e-mail in a special folder that I'd check once a week
before emptying. (I could do the same with pure .procmailrc I suppose.)
Anyway, I'm not doing this yet, but I think this is our future.
By the way, today's address harvesters do much more than grep usenet
headers for addresses for indiscriminate bulk e-mail.
They not only go through Usenet articles and clean up the usual
"anti-spam" manglings in the headers and bodies.  They also crawl
through Web pages, collecting everything that looks like e-mail
addresses; they monitor IRC and collect e-mail addresses. They
monitor mailing lists to the point of asking the listserv/majordomo
for the list of lists it carries, then asking it for the list
of subscribers to each list.
Also instead of just building the biggest possible list of e-mail
addresses, they build a targeted database, keeping track where a
particular e-mail address was found. Suppose a person subscribes
to a "porsche owners" mailing list, and goes to an investment-
related channel on one of the IRC servers. In no time he'll be
getting "junk e-mail" related to the interests he expressed -
possibly even saying "I'm writing you because I saw you on the
 channel on Tuesday, and I want to tell you about this
hot new penny stock"
These programs, vastly more sophisticated than the bulk mail of
even a year ago, which just collected e-mail addresses from Usenet
and e-mail them all indiscriminately, will drive the latter out.
Why bother, when you can pay a very reasonable fee to a service
bureau that will deliver your ad to an audeince that a) doesn't
object to bulk e-mail, b) is bigger than what you would have
gathered with primitive grep-like tools.
Left to itself, the market will stabilize and the occasional unsolicited
bulk e-mail will be even less of a nuisance than it is now.
[One good use for UBE: suppose you've foolishly subscribed to an
ISP like IDT - the crooks that provide shitty service and make it
very hard to cancel - they just keep billing your credit card.
One sure way to terminate one's account is to use it to "spam"
Usenet or to send out a mass e-mail objecting to IDT's lousy
service and content censorship.]
Fuck the Usenet Cabal!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 04:00:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
(Is Black Unicorn reading this?)
The purpose of the securities laws is not to protect the small investor
(who gets fucked very thoroughly, thank you :-) but the large financial
services firms with political connections.
For example the requirement to put out the red herring for a non-trivial
IPO is there not to protect the investors who buy in on the IPO, but to
ensure that the syndicate that underwrites the IPO gets their 2+%.
Ditto for the entire legal framework, including the U.S. Constitution and
any other country's legal framework - its goal is to protect the
(economic) interests of the ruling class, and whatever serves those
interests is "constitutional". Inasmuch as free speech on the Internet
threatens the murderous fascist dictatorship in Washington, DC, any
restrictions on free speech are therefore "constitutional".
You remind me, Igor, of a recent story I read in a paper which I already
threw away, so I'll reconstruct it from memory, probably with mistakes:
* a few folks from Long Island, not NASD registered,published an "investment
  advice" newsletter, distributed over the Internet and fax. Subscriptions
  cost >$1K/year. It was called something like "The Small-Cap Equity
  Speculator" (not exactly, my apologies, but "speculation" was definitely
  in the title)
* Among the many penny stocks they discussed was some kind of a motorcycle
  manufacturer, whose name I forgot too. The newsletter recommended a buy
  based on their fundamentals analysis and potential sales.
* Some of the folks who published the newsletter had a long position in
  the stock, which they apparently bought months before the recommendation
  for (gasp) $2,000 (two thousand dollars).
* The newsletter had a disclaimer that the authors may hold positions in
  the stocks they're discussing [surprise!]
* The motorcycle stock fell in price, and the readers who bet on it lost money
  - as did, I presume, the newsletter publishers.  Some readers complained to
  the SEC, who's now trying to jail/fine the newsletter publishers.
* I no longer have the paper, and it wasn't terribly clear, but it sounded
  like SEC was unhappy that
   a) they were trying to drive up the price of the stock they were long
      (with the intent to sell? :-)
   b) they incorrectly analyzed the fundamentals and were wrong to
      recommend a buy when the price in fact failed to go up
      (The sales were like 10% of what they hoped for)
  [Now if every amateur investment analyst who fucked up went to jail...]
If this is true (and I may be missing important details), then why are these
unfortunates any less worthy of our support than, say, Jim Bell? :-)
Remind me some time to tell you in private e-mail of a few cases I witnessed
when large, politically connected financial services firms engaged in conduct
that would have landed you or me in jail - and it happens all the time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 04:26:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
Recall also how a few months ago Declan compared me to a loud drunk
in a bar who was drowning out all other patrons with noise, so
they couldn't talk there and had to toss me out.
Fortunately, neither of your analogies can happen on the Internet.
Suppose I post an article on alt.fan.rush-limbaugh making fun of the
"feminazis" [this is a hypo - I can't stand Rush] and one of those
feminazis sends me hate e-mail in response, opining that people like
me deserve to have their balls cut off with rusty scissors.  Suppose
her e-mail inflicts such a severe psychological trauma on me that I can't
get my dick up.  Can I, my wife, and my 2 girlfriends sue the
feminazi for damages?  How many girlfriends do I need to have
to make this a class action suit?
Suppose I have a virus on my computer which counts the number of
e-mails I receive and when it reaches 100, formats the hard disk.
Suppose the feminazi's e-mail happens to be  and triggers
the bomb. Is the poor feminazi responsible for the "damages"?
Suppose her little e-mail just happens to be the one that gets
my little 2GB hard disk full, causing the next incoming e-mail
to be lost. Is she responsible for that too?
In the Internet context, as you put it, if one can be "damaged"
by the speech, it's the listener's problem, not the speaker's.
One can set up one's mailbox to receive e-mail from only a given
list of senders.  One can even have no incoming mailbox (like
the noted Usenet personality Archimedes Plutonium).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 21:48:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
I can still publish a book and claim that borshch (Russian beet soup)
cures cancer.  However if I also offer to sell beets my mail order,
the FDA can bite me. It's "constitutional" because it protects the
olygopoly of the large drug companies with political connections.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 21:53:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
The reason why the IRA bombs (or threatens to bomb) targets all over the UK
is that they want to make the voting public so sick and tired of the status
quo in NI that they'll demand a pull-out, which is just what the IRA wants.
The UK is a democracy - supposedly it's up to the voters to decide if they
want the UK to stay in NI, so the voters are being "persuaded".
The PLO used a similar successful strategy to convince Israeli voters to
agree to peace talks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-08 21:55:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
Sure - it's their means of livelyhood :-)
Now, "fraud" suggests that the onus is on the gumbint to prove that the
claim is false.
However if I were to market "borshch" by mail order as a cure for cancer,
I'd be asked to "prove" in some ridiculous unscientific ways that it does
indeed cure cancer - spending $100M, which only the few large drug companies
can affort - suits them and the FDA just fine.
Troll: and how about them proposed restrictions on tobacco advertising...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 00:26:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
Actually, in the European legal tradition, a prince/potentate only
assumed the responsibility to enforce a contract if that was explicitly
specified when the contract was entered, and often required a separate
fee. (Similarly, treaties between sovereigns called on various deities
to rnforce the contract.) In Russia during the Mongol times two folks
could enter a contract and choose to have the prince of Kiev, or Vladimir,
or Novgorod, or some other enforce it, and pay that prince a fee.
Then one of the parties could sue in that prince's court. A curious
system developed by the time the Russian gumbint got centralized around
Moscow - tsar's court sold special stamped paper which could be used
for contracts, promissory notes, etc. For a contract to be enforceable,
it had to be written on this paper. Only those who entered contracts
were paying for the upkeep of the enforcement mechanism.
Note that it wasn't necessary to register the contract with the
gubmint to make it enforceable (I think, this was a part of the stamp
act in the colonies).
When a tobacco company says in an ad, "Joe Camel is cool", what kind
of contractual obligations does it assume?
Have you ever bought a used car, Kent?  Have you seen the language in
the contract that throws out whatever promises the saleguy made that
are not a part of the contract? If I claim on Usenet that borshch
cures cancer, who are the counterparties, and what consideration do
I get?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 00:28:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
I don't know how they phrase it in the UK, but in the US such a contract
would violate "public policy" and is therefore unenforceable.
That's a very good point.  If I commit assault/battery on Kent, the
gubmint supposedly has jurisdiction because I've violated "king's peace".
If I advertise that "borshch cures cancer" and Kent buys some borshch
from me, and dies from cancer anyway, then what's the basis for the
gubmint's involvement?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 00:31:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
If the people in mainland England (and Scotland and Wales) are imprevious
to rational arguments (like, the UK should get the fuck out of NI because
they have no business being there :-) then perhaps that'll listen to
terrorism.  Perhaps not - such tactics seem to work better on some ethic
groups than on others, the the English took worse shit from the Germans
in WW II.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 00:47:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
Are ads a part of the contract, though?
If I enter into a sales contract with Kent to give him borsch to cure
his cancer, and this is not an FDA-approved treatment, then this contract
is against public policy and shouldn't be enforceable. :-)
But to convict me of fraud, the gubmint should prove that borshch doesn't
cure cancer.  How would one prove that?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 11:36:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
In China and thereabouts (Mongolia, Malaysia...) tobacco companies are
sponsoring sports events and creating professional sports leagues where
otherwise the market wouldn't bear them.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 20:05:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fraud and free speech 
Kent is lying again, as usual.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-09 21:29:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IRA (was Re: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism) 
[thanks for the very informative message - much snipped]
I don't think this has been put to a vote, but this is probably true.
Fine - let them stay, or emigrate to whatever other country will take them.
Maybe South Africa wants to increase its white population (kidding).
Or maybe the U.S. ought to increase it white population.
Why is the rest of the UK obliged to cater to their desires?
What if the majority of the NI population felt that a special L1000 poll tax
should be imposed on the English, with the proceeds disbursed equally among
the NI population?
What if Uganda took a vote and the overwhelming majority decided to
invite the UK back to rule them and to pour capital in?
Scottish descent, stricly speaking. Also at the rates the catholics
are breeding, they'll be a minority soon.
There are some protestants in SI, and no one's killing them on sight, AFAIK.
Wasn't Eamon de Valera a sephardic jew or something?
If you're such a strong believer in the rule of the majority :-), why
should the NI protestants (who are a fraction of the total UK population)
force the entire UK to do something that the rest of the UK doesn't want?
Yep.  So does the CIA.  Maybe that's why the IRA isn't calling for
a vote in NI to join SI. :-)
Is that the guys that Hallam Baker said he had asked to kill me? :-)
The English navy used by be plagued by the scurvy (vitamin C deficiency)
during the 18th and early 19th century. Then some bright guy came up with
the idea of storing lots of limes on the ships and forcing the seamen to
suck on them. It did cure the scurvy, but earned them the nickname.
ObTrivia: the official Russian name for lime is "LAJM".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-10 09:24:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fraud and free speech 
Romans firmly believed in "caveat emptor" and had no implied warranty
of merchantability.
The cypherpunk solution is to make sure they can't use your money until
you've assertained that the product does what you want it to - and I
don't necessarily mean e-cash.
I occasionally buy shit by mail order on a credit card.  A few times I
was not happy with the purchase, and had to appeal to the card issuer
as an arbiter.  I was happy with the results.
Here both I and the merchant explicitly agree that the card issuer will
be the first arbiter in the dispute - the buyer offers the card, the
seller accepts it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-10 09:25:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fraud and free speech 
Cool - can I sue George "no new taxes" Bish for breach of contract?
Very good point. Again, in various traditional Europan and various Asian
legal systems, lying per se is never a crime.  Lying while swearing by a
deity or a king is a crime.  Lying in court while under oath to various
local deities may be perjury.  Lying in a written document endorsed by the
king may be fraud.  Claiming that the borshch (borscht) one is selling is
the miracle cure for all diseases and the secret of eternal youth on the
basis of one's own reputation is OK.  Claiming that and also claiming FDA
endorsement is fraud if the borshch is not really endorsed by the FDA.
If a patient wants to buy non-FDA-endorsed medicine, it's between the
buyer and the seller.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-10 09:26:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Quadratic residues 
Folks, when replying to the ASCII art, please try to quote enough of the
body so it'll be picked up by the filters :-)
[Or should I be filtering on the Subject line?]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-11 09:17:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fraud and free speech 
I'm inclined to argue that "presumption of truth" and "implied warranty
of merchantability" actually lead to LESS efficient markets, but I'm
too tried tonite.  If anyone's interesting, please ping me later. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-11 09:19:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: BAD ADVICE WARNING from Kent: Access to Storage and Communication 
I'm actually thinking of getting a pair of 4mm tape drives to replace
my existing backup system (very old drives that use DC 600As; only
.25GB / drive, pretty slow, no NT drivers; time to upgrade)
I wonder: if the data is well-encrypted, wouldn't it make the compression
pretty ineffective?
Also: can somebody recommend good, fast 4MM drives that go inside a PC and
work off a SCSI controller, and are supported by Windows NT and 95 with no
special drivers? (I don't care about OS/2 and Linux support)
[I guess I'll burn the old media or something. :-) I still have about
3 cubic feet of 5.25" floppies that I don't know how to discard]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-12 13:22:06
@_author: Timmy May 
@_subject: Photo ID is not needed for key signings.... 
Is that the long-haired guy I had a dinner with once?  How time flies.
- Timmy May
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-12 21:33:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
Yes - "copyright" is a pretty recent invention.  I don't like it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:03:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
That's just silly and has no legal meaning.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:04:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
I agree with the above.
I also wish for (and work on) technology solutions to do things like post
to Usenet w/o giving up one's privacy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:12:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
Why do you need to bring up the Nazis when the U.S. Gubmint used its own Census
data to round up Americans of Japanese descent (who said so on their Census
forms) and to intern them in concentration camps.
Good news: no sane bank gives its client info to the databasers.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-14 08:39:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous proxies & ITAR question 
One word of caution: MSIE 3.0 had many bad bugs that were fixed in 3.1.
Last time I looked, the 128-bit version was still 3.0.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-14 22:44:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
I fully agree.  Technology or good marketing (you can have my software
for free, but you need to pay for "support")
I think it was exactly 3, like it says in the Bible.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-15 10:19:55
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM sues critics? 
Maybe IBM took its cue from C2Net.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-15 23:00:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: I love http://www.intraday.com/spam/spam/spam 
It's hilarious!! Many thanks to whomever put it up
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-16 20:58:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Declan as a Budding Washington Insider 
You don't have to promise.  You're very predictable.  Given certain
inputs you're very likely to write certain outputs.
Can a mailing list poster silence others by talking too much?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-17 19:52:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Digiweb.com's Movie Boys 
This thread had nothing to do with crypto and has taken more time and
effort to delete than the original troll.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-18 11:44:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Tao 
May not be a smart idea.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-20 00:49:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: HACKERS SMASH U.S. GOVERNMENT ENCRYPTION STANDARD 
I recall reading that the Hebrew word "Amen", meaning roughly, "it is so",
comes from the name of the Egyptian god Amon.  Therefore "by Jove" is a
close English equivalent.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-20 07:47:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: author slip or conscious misdirection? (was Re: Declan as a Crime 
Yes I think this was very funny!  I do wish such stuff appeared more often.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-20 21:19:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks write code 
I've been discussing off-line what I consider a good programming project
that would encourage the use of digital signatures and make Usenet more
usable than it is now.  If anyone wants to donate your time coding,
please let me know and I'll tell you what it's about. It's cool.
(If and when I find the time to write code for free, it'll be the spambot :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-21 10:29:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mail server down :( 
To AGIS, I hope.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-21 19:50:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Fuck tha EFF": New banner for Netscum page 
This is a lie, like everything else Aaron Marquez says.
We've been condemnding EFF at least since October 96, when we caught one of
the cocksuckers in charge of it in blatant censorship.
This is a lie (see above).
Dave, why did you subscribe this Cabal stooge to this mailing list
without announcing it? :-(
Marquez is not even amusing - just a Cabal liar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-22 23:32:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [FLAMING ON THE LIST] 
A pair of lying censorous cocksuckers. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-27 21:55:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: William Just doesn't get it. 
My computer is generally down these days - I brought it up for a short
while to check the e-mail, but will be taking it down again soon...
Not that it means much, but: we both live in NYC.  I have a licence, but
I haven't driven the car in probably 3 or 4 years (my wife takes the darn
thing all the time).
One can live in NYC or SF and not have a car or licence. On the other hand
one can live in NYC and drive a gypsie cab and not have a licence (apparently
lots of people do!) because if you're pulled over and you don't have a
license, you're not arrested, and your car is not impounded - you're just
given a ticket which you don't have to pay.  Tickets are for suckers like
us who are in the system.
It's public in some Scandinavian countries.  I recall that there anyone can
check the balance on your bank account.
But of course not just the conviction record but the arrest record is
public information.
These are public in the U.K.  Indeed they'd find electioneering much
harder if they weren't.
Why, to round up all the japs, to confiscate their homes and businesses,
and to ship them to concentration camps. :-)
I don't see why anyone other than a buglar should be interested in the
intrnal layour of someone home. :-)
How about: patient X complaint about Dr. Y.
How about: Mrs. X is suing Mr. X for divorce and alleges that he's
been sexually molsting their kids.  In practice, this happens very
often, and is usually dismissed by the family court as pure bulshit.
How about adoption records...
But of course: if private casinos were allowed to compete against
the gubmint-run lotteries, they'd offer better odds, and no one would
play gubmint lotteries.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-29 07:18:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: mailing list 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-29 07:19:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bomb-making instructions.... 
How about running them through a scanner and putting them on a Web site?
[For various reason I'm typing this under Windows 95. Yikes! :-) ]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-29 08:00:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bomb-making instructions.... 
I have the cookbook and can post it on a Web site. A while back I asked
Jim Bell if he'd be willing to write short comments, like "this is
bullshit" and "this is dangerous" and "here's a better way to make
it stink".  If anyone knows chemistry and isn't in jail yet, please
consider doing this wortwhile project.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-29 21:36:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: mailing list 
^^^
You'd see more if you taught.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-01 05:24:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
It's unnatural to be a U.S. citizen because most people aren't.
I used to walk my dogs by Grant's tomb.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-01 05:30:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NWLibs> Re: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
Journalists are whores - just ask Declan "Censorship" McCullough.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-01 05:30:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
Is that why Graham-John called me on the phone the other day? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-01 05:31:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
Does it have my Usenet cancelbot and my spambot? I guess the spambot's
still not finished, but I'm working on it...
Is that why C2Net's "Anonymizer" doesn't anonymize?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-01 15:30:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
Vladimir Il'yich Lenin said: the capitalists will sell us the ropes
on which we will hang them.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-01 19:20:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Russian Invasion 
You have reached the Central Intelligence Agency Web site - running
StrongHold.  All of our agents are busy right now.  Your session is
important to us. Please remain on the socket for the next available
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-04 13:25:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: toad 
John Gilmore lied.
So, what else is now?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-04 18:30:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PR 
The only person with any business administering the death penalty to the
kid stealing a car radio is the car owner.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-05 08:28:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Having the smarts to retire early 
I feel sorry for Tim May.  He's so bored, he reads 'bot fodder.
I suppose he studies the bounce messages from mailer deamons too.
WARNING: COCKSUCKER JOHN GILMORE IS FORBIDDEN TO REDISTRIBUTE MY E-MAIL FROM
ANY MAILING LIST ON HIS TOAD.COM COMPUTER.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-05 18:30:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Master of fellatio 
There were plenty of good cryptographers working for the KGB.
I had the pleasure of meeting a few in persons and communicating
with many others.
Filthy lying cocksucker John Gilmore is not worthy to suck their dicks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-05 18:30:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Microsoft Authenticode key security 
But do we necessarily believe what Microsoft people say?
Dimitri "bought OS/2 1.0 from Microsoft" Vulis
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-05 18:33:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Having the smarts to retire early 
I'm not sending anything to cypherpunks at toad.com and in fact I don't
want the lying, thieving cocksucker John Gilmore to redistribute any
of my writings via any mailing list at toad.com.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-06 07:16:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Speech 
This is a lie with no basis in reality whatsoever.
I'm glad that CHarles Platt and other homosexuals are dying from AIDS.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-06 13:55:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Purifying Washington with Nuclear Flames 
I wholeheartedly concur.  Nuke Washington, DC.  Kill every American everywhere.
Even if they voted for Perot.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-07 09:04:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New York Times report on FC97 
Windbag Timmy belongs in the dustheap of history, next to the shitbucket.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-08 05:55:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: ULTRA HOWL !! 
Can't you just fold it in half as many times as needed?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-08 09:10:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Master of fellatio 
Paul and others,
I have a proposal: let's not waste our time responding to provocateurs
like Charles Platt and associated scum. Charles Platt is a crook, a liar,
and a crackpot. He nearly got arrested recently when he showed up drunk
at a public lecture in NYC and started shouting obscenities. He used to
spam Usenet with ads for his "cryocare" business (freezing dead bodies
so they can be revived later). Now that he's been hounded out of
sci.cryo by his former business partners and other people whom Platt
cheated out of tens of thousands of dollars, this self-proclaimed
"journalist" is trying to infest cypherpunks with his lies and spam.
Perhaps he hopes to make a few bucks peddling snake oil psudo-crypto
software for money launderers, in co-operation with Sameer Parekh. :-)
Let's just ignore him. Shunning was pretty effective on the SternFUD.
Cowardly sociopaths like Charles Platt feed on attention and are delighted
by our outrage. If he doesn't get any, he'll go away and look for
another forum to bother, like Declan's censored "anti-censorship" list.
We have better things to do (both crypto and not crypto related) than
responding to lying scum like Charles Platt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-09 05:53:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
Charles Platt is notorious on the net as a drunkard and a pathological
liar.  Don't waste your time refuting his lies.
Charles Platt works part-time for New School for Social Research (teaching
students Microsoft Office or something :-). Obviously he's very envious of
any former student who's more successful than he is, so he invents all sorts
of stupid lies about his employer.
This just proves again that Charles Platt is a pathological liar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-09 07:23:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
As someone pointed out, Charles Platt met Lynwood Bell at a cocktail party
with free drinks.  Charles Platt, an alcoholic, was drunk like a skunk when
he "interviewed" Lynwood. Afterwards Charles Made up long quotes from
Lynwood. Actually, all Lynwood said was: "Get away from me, you pig."
The Minister did not find it worthwhile to communicate any further with
the notorious liar and self-styled yellow jounalist - Charles Platt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-09 08:30:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
Charles Platt, the alcoholic yellow journalist, is a pathological liar.
Just look in sci.cryonics for the testimonies from dozens of people
(former business partners and clients) cheated from thousands of
dollars by Charles Platt's failed "frozen corpses" business.
Charles Platt almost got arrested recently when he showed up drunk
at a public meeting and began shouting obscenities at people.
Please take any additional comments to alt.2600.moderated.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-09 16:00:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Russophobia 
I saw a Usenet article that some Cypherpunks might like:
And now for something crypto-relevant:
I want to set up an easy-to-use, not necessarily very secure, anon server
at dm.com. Can someone please send me some source code (or pointer thereto).
(I mean, a system similar to what Julf used to have on anon.penet.fi, not
mixmaster, etc - I know where these are.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-09 16:00:24
@_author: dlv@bwalk.dm.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Why does Ray Arachelian wear jeans with cuffs?
To catch the falling dandruff.
Did you hear that after Earthweb, LLP, sacked Ray Arachelian for
spamming the 'net, he got another job at a ski resort?
His only duty is to walk along the ski trails and shed dandruff.
The 10 greatest inventions attributed to Armenians:
The solar-powered flashlight.
The pencil with erasers on both ends.
The vodka bottle with a magnifying bottom for watching television.
The parachute that opens on impact.
The artificial dandruff for wig wearers.
The waterproof tea bag.
The reusable non-stick toilet paper.
Traffic light with a candle inside.
The padlock key escrow.
Wheelchair with pedals.

@_date: 1997-03-09 21:10:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Something is genetically wrong with subhuman dandruff-covered Armenians... 
What has Arsen "Ray" Arachelian to do with cypherpunks?
Nothing, because he doesn't know anything about cryptography.
Graham-John, when I spoke to you on the phone, you sounded like
a reasonable guy.  Right now you're behaving like a total twit.
People are probably killfiling you by the  dozen. It's just too
bad, because I know from alt.2600 that you're capable of saying
something interesting sometimes.  Please stop being an asshole.
              ___           _,.---,---.,_
         ,;~'             '~;,
       ,;                     ;,
     Frontal  |      ;                         ; ,--- Supraorbital Foramen
      Bone    |     ,'                         /'
    ,;                        /' ;,
    ; ;      .           . <-'  ; |
__  | ;   ______       ______   ;<----- Coronal Suture
             ___   |  '/~"     ~" . "~     "~\'  |
     |  ~  ,-~~~^~, | ,~^~~~-,  ~  |
   Maxilla,  |      |   |        }:{        | <------ Orbit
  Nasal and  |      |   l       / | \       !   |
  Zygomatic  |      .~  (__,.--" .^. "--.,__)  ~.
    Bones    |      |    ----;' / | \ `;-<--------- Infraorbital Foramen
__     \__.       \/^\/       .__/
                ___   V| \                 / |V <--- Mastoid Process
      | |T~\___!___!___/~T| |
      | |`IIII_I_I_I_IIII'| |
       Mandible |      |  \,III I I I III,/  |
       \   `~~~~~~~~~~'    /
         \   .       . <-x---- Mental Foramen
__         \.    ^    ./
                              ^~~~^~~~^       -dcau (4/15/95)

@_date: 1997-03-10 16:41:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More proof that Charles Platt is a pathological liar and a crook 
It's too bad your mother didn't take her pill.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-10 16:42:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Pro-CODE Bill could make things worse! 
Sometimes even Tim May says things I wholeheartedly agree with.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-10 16:42:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More proof that Charles Platt is a pathological liar and a crook 
I believe the anonymous poster meant "sci.cryology".  Charles Platt has
earned himself quite a reputaion there - a liar, a spammmer, and a crackpot.
P.S.  Is Charles Platt gay and/or Armenian?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-10 16:42:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More proof that Charles Platt is a pathological liar and a crook 
Actually, I think the anonymous poster meant "sci.cryonics".  That's where
Charlie Platt has been spamming Usenet with bizarre ads for his "popsicle
corpses" business, and where his past business associates have exposed him as
a drunkard and a pathological liar.  Just look in DejaNews.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-10 21:00:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
Perhaps some enemy of the "real" Graham-John is running a 'bot that
forges drivel in his name in an effort to have him globally killfiled?
There were more articles on sci.cryonics alleging that Charles Platt
finally got arrested this time. The cocksucker John Gilmore too got
arrested last August. Perhaps the shock of spending a night in jail
will cause Charles Platt to enter a detox program.
There are connections between Platt and panix.com and SEA and EFF and C2Net.
Charlie is a very sick pervert who posted the following on Usenet:
]Subject:      Re: electricity torture?
]From:         cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:         1997/01/31
]Message-Id:   <5crvmh$jhe at panix.com>
]Newsgroups:   alt.torture
]I suggest an enhancement to the basic phone-torture scenario. Buy a cheap
]answering machine that picks up on the third or fourth ring. Inside the
]answering machine there is usually a relay that closes when the machine
]picks up. It might be interesting to adapt that relay to supply an
]electric shock to the slave. Thus, the slave gets to sit and listen as the
]phone rings once, twice, a third time ... and of course, sometimes the
]master hangs up BEFORE the fourth ring, just to make life more
]It seems to me, true torture has to entail anticipation and uncertainty.
]Subject:      Re: Orgasm control
]From:         cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:         1997/01/05
]Message-Id:   <5ap55i$iit at panix.com>
]Newsgroups:   alt.torture
]> Has anyone got any experiences, tips or techniques for encouraging and
]> building up to extreme intensity a male's need for orgasm, and then
]> withholding the longed-for and urgently-needed relief of ejaculation -
]> over a very long period of time, and as a torture?
]Trouble is, in the long term this tends to result in enlargement of the
]prostate. Of course that can be a torture in itself (urinary problems etc)
]and I'm not saying you shouldn't do it, but at least the victim should be
]aware of these potential long-term penalties.
]Subject:      Re: Elec. Tort. (I was shocked with 220...)
]From:         cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:         1997/02/19
]Message-Id:   <5egkkm$qbq at panix.com>
]Newsgroups:   alt.torture
]> BTW, I always thought that the telephone ringing signal was 20Hz AC, not
]> DC.
]You're right, the ring signal is AC. Old phones used a rectifier that
]would pass the AC and ring the bell. When the ringing signal is not
]present, there is a DC potential on the line. This isn't painful but the
]AC ring signal does, er, give you a shock.
]This doesn't have much to do with torture, does it? Unless, of course,
]you regard boredom as a form of torture. "Tonight, my dear, I am going to
]tie you down--and read interesting facts about the TELEPHONE SYSTEM!"
]Subject:  Re: Hand Crank Generator
]From:  cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:  1997/01/06
]Message-Id:  <5ashd1$k2m at panix.com>
]Newsgroups: alt.torture
]> How will this tell me how to effectively use this device?
]> I'm still looking for practical data.
]> Anybody ever use one of these things?
]All I can tell you is I used to fool around with one of these things, as a
]kid, with a friend. As kids, we took turns with one person turning the
]handle while the other took a wire in each hand. As an adult, I would say
]this is definitely not such a great idea. I find it hard to believe,
]however, that you're going to do any harm if the two (dry) conductors
]touch (dry) skin just a few inches apart. As a previous post said, avoid
]running current through major organs (heart, brain, etc!).
]A previous post gave various resistance values for skin. If you want to
]know how much current the generator will pass through skin, first obtain a
]potentiometer (variable resistor) that can take a reasonable amount of
]current--1 watt, say. Use a volt/amp/ohm meter to calibrate the
]potentiometer--i.e. mark where the knob points for 1000 ohms, 5000 ohms,
]etc. Now attach one wire from your generator to one side of the
]potentiometer, link the other side of your potentiometer with your
]volt/amp/ohm meter, switch the meter to measure CURRENT (amps), and attach
]the other side of the meter to the other wire of your generator. In other
]words, the generator, potentiometer, and meter form a closed daisy chain.
]Crank the handle at different potentiometer settings and see what readings
]you get from your meter. This will only be an APPROXIMATE guide, and you
]may want to check the skin resistance of your actual test subject too.
]Note: all the above advice dates back to stuff I did 25 years ago. I think
]it's accurate (if it's not, someone will probably flame me anyway); but
]as with all forms of consensual torture, it might be a good idea to try it
]on yourself first.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-12 05:40:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: True colours 
I also had the honor of meeting a few of them in person, and exchanging
e-mails with others. They're much nicer people than the NSA shills.
I will neither confirm nor deny the fact that I'm a KGB colonel. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-12 05:42:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reprehensible lying pervert Charlie Platt spams alt.torture 
Perhaps some enemy of the "real" Graham-John is running a 'bot that
forges drivel in his name in an effort to have him globally killfiled?
There were more articles on sci.cryonics alleging that Charles Platt
finally got arrested this time. The cocksucker John Gilmore too got
arrested last August. Perhaps the shock of spending a night in jail
will cause Charles Platt to enter a detox program.
There are connections between Platt and panix.com and SEA and EFF and C2Net.
Charlie is a very sick pervert who posted the following on Usenet:
]Subject:      Re: electricity torture?
]From:         cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:         1997/01/31
]Message-Id:   <5crvmh$jhe at panix.com>
]Newsgroups:   alt.torture
]I suggest an enhancement to the basic phone-torture scenario. Buy a cheap
]answering machine that picks up on the third or fourth ring. Inside the
]answering machine there is usually a relay that closes when the machine
]picks up. It might be interesting to adapt that relay to supply an
]electric shock to the slave. Thus, the slave gets to sit and listen as the
]phone rings once, twice, a third time ... and of course, sometimes the
]master hangs up BEFORE the fourth ring, just to make life more
]It seems to me, true torture has to entail anticipation and uncertainty.
]Subject:      Re: Orgasm control
]From:         cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:         1997/01/05
]Message-Id:   <5ap55i$iit at panix.com>
]Newsgroups:   alt.torture
]> Has anyone got any experiences, tips or techniques for encouraging and
]> building up to extreme intensity a male's need for orgasm, and then
]> withholding the longed-for and urgently-needed relief of ejaculation -
]> over a very long period of time, and as a torture?
]Trouble is, in the long term this tends to result in enlargement of the
]prostate. Of course that can be a torture in itself (urinary problems etc)
]and I'm not saying you shouldn't do it, but at least the victim should be
]aware of these potential long-term penalties.
]Subject:      Re: Elec. Tort. (I was shocked with 220...)
]From:         cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:         1997/02/19
]Message-Id:   <5egkkm$qbq at panix.com>
]Newsgroups:   alt.torture
]> BTW, I always thought that the telephone ringing signal was 20Hz AC, not
]> DC.
]You're right, the ring signal is AC. Old phones used a rectifier that
]would pass the AC and ring the bell. When the ringing signal is not
]present, there is a DC potential on the line. This isn't painful but the
]AC ring signal does, er, give you a shock.
]This doesn't have much to do with torture, does it? Unless, of course,
]you regard boredom as a form of torture. "Tonight, my dear, I am going to
]tie you down--and read interesting facts about the TELEPHONE SYSTEM!"
]Subject:  Re: Hand Crank Generator
]From:  cp at panix.com (Charles Platt)
]Date:  1997/01/06
]Message-Id:  <5ashd1$k2m at panix.com>
]Newsgroups: alt.torture
]> How will this tell me how to effectively use this device?
]> I'm still looking for practical data.
]> Anybody ever use one of these things?
]All I can tell you is I used to fool around with one of these things, as a
]kid, with a friend. As kids, we took turns with one person turning the
]handle while the other took a wire in each hand. As an adult, I would say
]this is definitely not such a great idea. I find it hard to believe,
]however, that you're going to do any harm if the two (dry) conductors
]touch (dry) skin just a few inches apart. As a previous post said, avoid
]running current through major organs (heart, brain, etc!).
]A previous post gave various resistance values for skin. If you want to
]know how much current the generator will pass through skin, first obtain a
]potentiometer (variable resistor) that can take a reasonable amount of
]current--1 watt, say. Use a volt/amp/ohm meter to calibrate the
]potentiometer--i.e. mark where the knob points for 1000 ohms, 5000 ohms,
]etc. Now attach one wire from your generator to one side of the
]potentiometer, link the other side of your potentiometer with your
]volt/amp/ohm meter, switch the meter to measure CURRENT (amps), and attach
]the other side of the meter to the other wire of your generator. In other
]words, the generator, potentiometer, and meter form a closed daisy chain.
]Crank the handle at different potentiometer settings and see what readings
]you get from your meter. This will only be an APPROXIMATE guide, and you
]may want to check the skin resistance of your actual test subject too.
]Note: all the above advice dates back to stuff I did 25 years ago. I think
]it's accurate (if it's not, someone will probably flame me anyway); but
]as with all forms of consensual torture, it might be a good idea to try it
]on yourself first.

@_date: 1997-03-12 08:36:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Ecash Brain Tennis 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from kachina.jetcafe.org by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA20396 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Tue, 11 Mar 97 21:48:54 -0500
Received: (from majordomo at localhost) by kachina.jetcafe.org (8.7.5/8.7.3) id SAA04707 for freedom-knights-outgoing; Tue, 11 Mar 1997 18:48:46 -0800 (PST)
X-Authentication-Warning: kachina.jetcafe.org: majordomo set sender to owner-freedom-knights using -f
X-Sender: jai at flex.com (Unverified)
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Light Version 3.0.1 (32)
Sender: owner-freedom-knights at jetcafe.org
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: freedom-knights at jetcafe.org
dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM) posted:
One is reminded of:
"When compared with the suppression of anarchy every other
question sinks into insignificance. The anarchist is the enemy of
humanity, the enemy of all mankind, and his is a deeper degree of
criminality than any other. No immigrant is allowed to come to our
shores if he is an anarchist; and no paper published here or abroad
should be permitted circulation in this country if it propagates
anarchist opinions."
  - President Theodore Roosevelt
Jai Maharaj
jai at mantra.com
Om Shanti

@_date: 1997-03-12 14:10:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mail Volume?? 
FWIW, onthe few occasions when I e-mailed the 1400 addresses directly, I got
hundreds of bounces from nonexistent addresses.  I guess the 1400 silent
supporters of moderation were another one of John Gilmore's lies.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-12 19:12:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Roosevelt quote 
You can find a lot of Charles Platt's drivel on alt.torture, where he
airs his perverse sexual fantasies. He's also earned a reputation of
a crook on sci.cryonics.
Be warned that Platt is a pathological liar and a racist.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-13 06:45:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Query: 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!news.panix.com!panix!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!metro.atlanta.com!cpk-news-feed3.bbnplanet.com!tick.cs.wm.edu!zippy!nathan
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Reply-To: Nathan T Moore Organization: College of William & Mary, founded 1693
Lines: 18
NNTP-Posting-Host: zippy.cs.wm.edu
X-Sender: nathan at zippy
(I am sure this has been asked before and is a bothersome newbie question) I am working on a research paper for my cryptography class dealing with
the legal issues (IE policy), and the roles of agencies like NSA and NIST. The scope is limited to the US, so sorry for the Europeans and other
nations. I would appreciate any web sites and/or FAQ's (I've read the
cryptography FAQ and the RSA Cryptography FAQ) with related information.
Thanks in advance,
"Only in college will you find drunk guys frying pig brains and eating
them, at 1 AM." (and NO they didn't say, "tastes like chicken" :)

@_date: 1997-03-13 06:45:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Is Graham-John's inane spam robogenerated? 
I've been writing a program (in C, actually, although perl might be
a good tool for strings and such :-) that would scan Usenet newsgroups
for trigger keywords and generate randomized follow-ups depending on
what's been said. It's a big project; I hoped to have it done by
April 1st, but it'll definitely take longer.
I hope that with enough tweaking my spambot will sound less robotic
than Graham-John('s?).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-13 09:50:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Toto Opportunity 
The PGP key escrow MLM joke is funny (I think, cuz I first made it up :-) plus
it gives us the opportunity to learn to ignore what we're not interested in.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-14 06:07:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: *** VSA2048 Cryptography Module *** 
Some people do feel more comfortable on moderated lists where the moderator
enforces comity - sometimes with lawyer letters.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-14 06:07:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Silvernail Concedes / Hides In Shame 
Maybe they're afraid that if they express their views on the snake oil
vendor you originally criticized, they too will get lawyer threats.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-14 09:31:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Fred Cohen and dhp.com 
For a good laugh, check out  where they posted their
e-mail correspondence with Dr. Fred Cohen.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-14 15:30:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: VSA2048 Cryptography Module Source Code 
Please observe the difference between honest crypto vendors and the lying
Arab snake oil salesmen who peddle their web server without source code and
threaten to sue anyone who questions its security.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-14 20:40:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] ElGamal 
What kind of help can you offer Graham-John
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-15 07:30:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Threat Model: Biowar 
AIDS was very beneficial to humankind by killing many sexual perverts
and drug addicts.  I wish other future epidemics would be as successful.
By the way, does anyone remember the AUM group in Japan, which was also
active in Russia? I never worked for them directly myself, but I knew
someone who did.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-15 09:30:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: VSACM V2.0 Source Code Request (fwd) 
I disagree. Remember when a widely available C implementation of the Blowfish
algorithm was found to have a bug that significantly weakened its security?
The bug was in the C implementation, not the algorithm itself.
By the way, I requested the source code from Mr.Ramos within minutes after
he made the offer on this mailing list and haven't heard back from him yet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-15 10:30:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: International Government Regulation, Banking, Encryption 
Path: perun!news2.panix.com!news.panix.com!panix!arclight.uoregon.edu!news-m01.ny.us.ibm.net!ibm.net!news-s01.ny.us.ibm.net!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.security
Reply-To: siwild at ibm.net
Lines: 11
NNTP-Posting-Host: slip202-135-10-84.hk.hk.ibm.net

@_date: 1997-03-15 13:40:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: File Posting Limitations 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-16 08:10:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why keep that cash in the US? 
This reminds me of the story of how the Eurodollar market was born.
Once upon a time, most countries had some U.S. dollar reserves which
they kept on deposit in the U.S.  The U.S.S.R. was one of those countries.
One day the U.S. indicated its desire to freeze Soviet deposits because
it did not like Soviet foreign policy (the way it subsequently froze
Iraq's and Iran's assets). The Soviets wisely took out their money,
took it to London, and started loaning it out at better interest rates
that they had in the U.S. (Prior to this transfer, it was very hard to
find a large dollar-denominated loan outside the U.S.) Soon many U.S.
investors realized that this was a good deal and took their money out
of the U.S., eventually leading to the "credit crunch" in the '70's.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-16 08:12:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Triangle Area {Coder,Cypher}punks Group 
Pink triangle?
We came to WashDC cpunk physicals a few times and it wasn't worth it.
There's an interesting exhibition of Romanoffs' jewerly at the Corcoran
- much more fun than any cpunks we've ever met.
Well, do you, punk? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-16 18:00:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Threat Model: Biowar 
If medicare or social security get too expensive, an epidemic targeting
the elderly would be good for the economy. I did a little work with
(biological) viruses under the late Lou Auslander and the technology
available 12 years ago was pretty amazing. I'm sure they can do more now.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-16 20:56:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: An interesting spam item on applications of anonymity 
I found an interesting piece of spam:
If this message is unwelcome, please delete it.
You will not receive another from me.
Dear online marketer,
I have GREAT NEWS FOR ALL BULK EMAILERS and everyone who
markets a product or service online.
                  No more FLAMES
No more getting kicked off your ISP for bulk emailing
No more need to have a THROWAWAY ACCOUNT
No more need for a BULK EMAIL FRIENDLY ISP
This new ADVANCE software is designed to ELIMINATE all the above
and keep you FOCUSED on making money online.
This software was designed to work with NETCONTACT & FLOODGATE.
                 A must have for all bulk emailer.
                 It's Every bulk emailer's dream!
I used to have the usage of a virtual provider "Earthstar" and
one morning to my surprise their wires had been disconnected by
the telephone Company. I could no longer send out E-mail without
being identified by the receiver of the E-mail and reported to
my ISP and perhaps kicked off of my local provider. Then I ran
across the coolest software that would assist me in sending E-mail
and not being identified by anyone. Whether you live in a country
that doesn't allow you to use free speech, your shy and want to
send an anonymous love poem to someone, you want to advertise your
product without losing your ISP account, or you just want to flame
your boss without anyone knowing, then you may need the E-mail
Cloaking Device. This 32 bit shareware program enables you to send
anonymous correspondence all over the world.
If you would like to receive a free demo copy of this great software,
go to the Register page.  Fill it out and put TRG Associates as your Sales Rep.
go to the Register Page: And then  GO TO: and download the demo version of Email Cloaking Device (ECD). It will
allows you to e-mail up to 5 e-mails at a time. If you decide you want to
e-mail more at one time, you can order the commercial version by
sending your name, address, e-mail address and a money order for $299.95
The commercial version has no restriction on how many people you can
send a message too at once. Also, the annoying message box that tells
you of each message sent has been taken out so that you can push one
button, walk away from your computer and send thousands of messages
at a time.  Also a very important point, we use this software and know how
to use it and can offer you technical support.
Good luck and may your next bulk e-mailing make you a million.
Your Friend :-)
If you would like to remove ALL e-mail you consider
junk then go to:  and download
this program. It will do the repelling job for you automatically.
Is this a great time to be alive or what?

@_date: 1997-03-17 13:40:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Musings on the NYTimes article on computer security 
I liked "linux, a shareware program that is the operating system of choice
for hackers" and the "wide availability of tools for .. 'fingering'".
This reminded me how a couple of years ago I had a long phone conversation
with a journalist from the Washington Post who was convinced (by a certain
idiot from Usenet) that I'm running a hacker BBS. He kept asking me why its
not possible to finger anyone  I explained that we're behind a dial-up
uucp connection, not tcp/ip - it was like talking to a wall. "Why are you
hiding behind this, ahem, ucp? What have you got to hide?" I pointed out that
one can't finger anyone  either - he didn't believe me and promised to
check. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-18 06:17:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Guys with short dicks use long sigs.
Suppose X chooses to innoculate their kids and Y chooses not to innoculate
their kids against, say, polio; and Y's kids get it. They're not going
to give it to someone whose parents chose to innoculate them. (This is
a kind of borderline example, not unlike circumcision.  The individual
affected by the choice is too young to understand what it's all about,
but doesn't want to be stuck with a needle. Why are the parents more
qualified to make decisions for him than the state?)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-18 06:17:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
In New York State, every motorist is supposed to have $10K insurance as
well as a licence. Of course, a lot of drivers in New York City have
no licences or expired/suspended licences, and no insurance. If you're
injured by an uninsured driver, or someone who fled, or someone with
no assets and a $10K insurance and $500K claim, then your only hope
to recover something is to carry "underinsurance insurance" with your
own insurer. I understand that it's even messier in New Jersey.
It would be much healthier if instead of trying to file a claim
against the other party's insuerer (if it exists :-) you always
filed a claim against your own insuerer and let them figure out
who to sue. The system doesn't work.
Learn to ignore what you're not interested in, Timmy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-18 06:17:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Dunno about Akransas (that's where Uark.edu is, ain't it). Your
state is the home state of the muerderer Bill KKKlinton. You should
commit suicide at once.
But in the more civilized states, like New York or California, if
you have an accident and your (good) car is totalled, then one of
these three things will happen:
* The other driver, who's at fault, has fled. You sue your own insurance
* The other driver has minimal insurance and no assets. You sue your
own insurance company (and the other guy).
* You don't carry the appropriate insurance with your own insurance
company and have no chance to recover much.
Things would be much easier for everyone, including the drivers and
the insueres, if the mandatory liability insurance was abolished
and evryone delt with their own insurer - who would then try to
recover damages from the other party if they had assets. The only
people who benefits from the existing system are state bureaucrats.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-18 19:41:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
You don't like Russians, do you?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-19 09:04:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Indeed, in most cultures beating the shit out of one's children 9and women)
every day is the norm.  "Spare the rod, spoil the child." Western Civ is a
rare exception.
Indeed, in most cultures until recently most people were never taught to read
unless they intended to become priests.
Still very common in midwestern U.S.; less accepted elsewhere.
5) castrating one's male children if they show any propensity to sing -
in hopes that they'll become one of the few famous and successful male
sopranos - viewed favorably in 18 and 19 centiry Italy.
6) teaching children bullshit about "god".
What market force or natural selection discourages "abuse"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-19 09:07:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
That's a tough one, Dale. On one hand, if the kid is born to psychotic
parents (or just stupid parents) and the trait is inherited, then it's
better for the species as a whole if they mistreat the kid and possibly
kill him. On the other hand the mistreatment may be due to the parent's
environment and not be an inherited trait - that it's not the kid's fault,
just bad luck. I'm not at all arguing that having the state make choices
for children too young to make choices is better than having parents make
choices. There are plenty of examples of parents mistreating children in
ways that the state finds objections (e.g. having sex with one's children
used to be widely accepted in miswestern U.S. but is now frowned on) and
examples of state permitting what I consider severe abuse (e.g. in 18 and 19
century Italy many parents castrated their male children if they showed any
musical/singing talent - hoping they'd become male sopranos; or, u.s. parents
who indoctrinate their children with fables about "god"). Perhaps Jim Bell's
assassination politics is the answer - you can abuse your children by commisis
(circumcizing an infant, lying to them about "god" and Santa Claus) or omission
(denying medical care or education) but you're running the risk of the kids
growing up and taking out a contract on you. Cool.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-19 13:38:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Out in the hobbsian wild, if the parents abuse their offsprings (kill them,
fail to train them), then the offsprings won't reproduce and the parent's
genes won't perpetuate.  Do we really need a more coersive system of
punishing "child abuse"?
I'm not sure how crypto-relevant this thread is, but I'm reading it with great interest.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-19 13:38:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
That's a very interesting observation. However as far as the children's
responsibility to care for the aged parents, I'm not sure so if historically
it's so clear cut. In most nomadic cultures, the aged and the infirm were
just abandoned (left to die). There's plenty of evidence that in Mongolia and
Cenral Asia when a parent became too old to care for himself, he would be
left as the rest of the group moved on to new pastures - as late as 20th
century when the productivity was high enough for them to care for the elderly. Does the tradition to kill of the elderly hurt the society? Perhaps -
the elderly carry on the society's identity (folklore) and practical knowldge
(what's behind that mountain, how does one tie a stone axe to the stick). For whatever reason, in most argicultural societies the elderly were not killed,
but accordded respect (even if they weren't your parents). But in the last
50 years the medical technology has reached the heights never before seen in
the history of mankind - we can spend a lot of resources to keep an old fart
going for 30 or 40 years after he's stopped doing anything useful. If the STATE
hadn't stepped in with Medicare in the US and similar programs in the socialist
states in Europe, we'd see the papers filled with sob stories about an old
fart who _could_ be kept alive in a semi-vegetable state at the cost of
$200K/year and whose cold-hearted children refuse to remortgage their
houeses to pay the doctors to do that. The US wastes unbelievable resources
on extending the lives of people who are basically dead. That's one of the
anchors that will eventually pull it under.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-19 20:41:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cocksucker John Gilmore attempts to rewrite history again 
I've been reading a thread in the Usenet newsgroups alt.cypherpunks and
comp.org.eff.talk. EFF, you may recall, is Cocksucker John Gilmore's setup,
and a pair of Gilmore/EFF's stooges - llurch at quixote.stanford.edu (Rich
Graves ) and sethf at athena.mit.edu (Seth
Finkelstein) - have been posting lies in an effort to rewrite the recent
events which have totally destroyed Cocksucker's reputation on the net.
Rich Graves wrote in article <5gl63i$4eu at quixote.stanford.edu>:
This is a lie. I haven't mailbombed cypherpunks. The list moved from
toad.com to multiple sites because the readers no longer trusted Gilmore to
Rich is lying...
More lies. I haven't posted megabytes of Serdar Argic materials, and I have
repeatedly stated that it is NOT my intention to disrupt the mailing list.
Is that why John Gilmore is sending his minions to post lies and to
confuse the readers about what was happening?
In response, sethf at athena.mit.edu (Seth Finkelstein) further wrote
in article <5gmnuj$1ha at senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>:
Again, this is not true. I disagree with many of the things Declan says, but
I'm not smearing him and not slinging mud at him. I'm also not aware of
having being banned from any forum Declan moderates, whatever that is.
Seth further has the audacity to praise John Gilmore for showing the
"patience of a saint":
This is actually very funny.

@_date: 1997-03-20 17:35:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam from DM.NET 
Who the fuck is "dueling modems"?  Why am I getting this shit at my
site? This is dm.com, not dm.net.  What a bunch of fucking morons.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-21 13:42:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Def: relative humidity - the sweat on snow's balls as he fucks his sister.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-21 17:27:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP Security 
Suppose I want to bet $1000 that Chris Platt's cat, "Ben", won't be
assassinated until the end of March in some excruciatingly painful way
(say, skinned alive, soaked in acid, and cut into pieces with an
acetilene torch :-). What protocols can someone use to bet against me
and to collect the winnings? (Assume that I'll cheerfully pay up if
I lose, and that the other party wants to remain anonymous.)
Another thought just occurred to me - LEA's often advertize hotlines for
anonymous tips - a "stukach" is given a code and if his tip works, supposedly collects a payoff. Doesn't he have to give his ss# so his
income can be taxed?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-21 17:30:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Lawyers on the rampage 
Newsday: Wednesday, March 19, 1997
Postal Service Probing E-Mailed Racial Jokes
The U.S. Postal Service is investigating a risque glossary of phony
"ebonics" terms that was sent on the service's electronic mail system. A
postal workers' union labeled the e-mail a "vicious, racist message."
The list of 16 words and their supposed meanings in common parlance
among blacks is rife with sexual and racial stereotypes. It apparently
was sent by a manager in New York using an internal home page.
The list was presented as a tongue-in-cheek guide for managers to
improve communications with office staff. In a letter Friday to
Postmaster General Marvin Runyon, an American Postal Workers Union
official said Runyon's response to the incident should "send a message
to the entire postal community."
"It is a vicious, racist message covered with black humor, and any
rationalization would constitute an insult to those who it is intended
to depict," wrote William Burrus, the union's executive vice president.
A postal official agreed the message was offensive and promised a quick
investigation. "We find the content of this message to be repugnant and
highly offensive," said spokesman Roy Betts. "We have asked the postal
inspection service to immediately get to the bottom of this matter."
Two other major employers -- Morgan Stanley & Co. and Citibank -- were
sued by black employees this year over e-mail messages the employees
said contained racist jokes. The Morgan Stanley employees said the
electronic mailing created a "hostile work environment." Both companies
said they would not tolerate such behavior.
Although the Postal Service message and Burrus' letter both reached
Runyon's office, he said he had not seen them and no action was taken
until postal officials received an inquiry from a news organization late
Monday afternoon.
Betts explained that Runyon was out of the office all last week.
In addition to a stated commitment to diversity in its work force, the
Postal Service has a zero-tolerance policy for racism.
But Angelo Wider, the Postal Service's manager of revenue assurance and
national president of the Afro-American Postal League United for
Success, said: "We still have deep-seated racism in the Postal Service.
It tends to stay in the closet, but every now and then it pops out in
According to Wider, only 10 percent of postal managers are minorities,
while 21 percent of the workers are minorities.
A spokesman for the American Postal Workers Union, Tom Fahey, complained
that the message was symptomatic of an attitude he said pervades Postal
Service management. "We come across communications like this all the
time, Fahey said.
Betts insisted the message "does not reflect the Postal Service's policy
and position."
Washington Post, Thursday, March 20, 1997
E-Mail Humor: Punch Lines Can Carry a Price
By Michelle Singletary
The messages regularly travel between computer screens at workplaces
across the country: Why beer is better than women. Ebonics 101. Top 10
reasons computers must be male.
For many employees e-mail has evolved into a casual electronic
conversation complete with jokes and gossip whether of the politically
correct variety or what could be deemed, particularly in the eyes of
someone of a different race or sex than the sender, as offensive.
Employees typically assume their messages are private and will be seen
only by the recipient. But because messages are routinely saved by
companies, if they end up in the hands of someone for whom they were not
intended, it's often not very funny and ultimately could be used against
the employee and the company in a bias lawsuit. It also creates a
potentially tricky civil-liberties issue for companies that don't want
to monitor employees' e-mail, but don't want to get caught up in a
lawsuit either.
In the past four months, three major U.S. corporations-- R.R. Donnelley
& Sons Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. and Citicorp's Citibank N.A.-- have
been sued by black employees alleging discrimination as a result of
messages sent via e-mail.
Lawyers and technology experts say they believe the suits are the
beginning of a wave of litigation in which employees produce e-mail
evidence of sex, race or age discrimination. Also, lawyers searching for
ways to prove or disprove discrimination routinely are asking companies
to retrieve e-mail from their computer systems.
``Employees have this expectation that e-mail is private, but it's not
and they don't understand that they can leave a footprint,'' said Frank
Connolly, a professor of computer science and information systems at
American University. ``The medium lulls you into a false sense of
security that it probably shouldn't.''
Electronic mail, or e-mail as it is commonly known, is being used by
nearly 80 percent of organizations to communicate and share ideas and
information, according to a survey released last year by the Society for
Human Resource Management. Estimates are that by the year 2000, about 40
million people in the United States will use e-mail, sending more than
60 billion messages annually.
While e-mail quickly has become a common workplace tool, only 36 percgnt
of organizations that use it have written policies addressing its use
and only 34 percent provide training on the proper and improper use of
e-mail, according to the SHRM survey.
Legal and computer experts say e-mail use has added a troubling wrinkle
to workplace discrimination. Such communication has replaced the kind of
informal lunchroom conversations that might have taken place in the
past. In fact, employees have become so comfortable with e-mail that
they say things they never would write in a memo or utter out loud for
fear of being overheard.
And, unlike spoken conversations, e-mail messages are toneless and lack
context, and consequently could be extremely damaging to a company if
used as evidence in court.
``It's one thing to have testimony in court as to an alleged
inappropriate comment made a number of years ago vs. a document where
jurors see it in black and white,'' said Stephen L. Sheinfeld, a New
York attorney who heads the labor and employment department at Whitman
Breed Abbott & Morgan.
Lawyers say workers who electronically send what might be viewed as
racist jokes could be creating what legally is considered a hostile work
environment opening themselves and their companies up to discrimination
Companies, which often don't have policies on e-mail use and etiquette,
can be liable for their employees' discriminatory actions, experts say,
because legally e-mail sent from work is treated like any official
record, such as a memo written on company letterhead.
``If an executive says something in an e-mail, it's as if he sent it
through a memo,'' according to Jeffrey Neuberger, partner in the New
York law firm of Brown, Raysman & Millstein, Felder & Steiner.
As yet there isn't much case law on this issue. But plaintiffs'
attorneys could show employees were harmed emotionally by being exposed
to racist or sexist e-mail messages. Additionally, e-mail messages also
could be used against companies with spotty or bad histories for hiring
and promoting minorities and women.
``Claimants are now searching the e-mail systems looking for smoking
guns and because e-mail is unerasable, it can come back to haunt an
employer,'' Sheinfeld said.
``There is some really bad, bad stuff being sent,'' said Lauren Reiter
Brody, a partner and co-chair of the employment-practices group at
Rosenman & Colin in New York. One of the companies recently sued, R.R.
Donnelley & Sons, a Chicago printer, is battling a racial-discrimination
lawsuit based in part on 165 racial, ethnic and sexual jokes allegedly
passed through its e-mail system.
Morgan Stanley also has been sued over allegations that racist jokes
were passed between co-workers through the company's e-mail system. And,
last month, Citicorp's Citibank N.A. was sued in a class action in which
two black employees allege that white supervisors and managers exchanged
racist electronic-mail messages.
In the Citibank case, the plaintiffs alleged that because of the
electronic mail, they were subject to a ``pervasively abusive racially
hostile work environment.''
In all three cases, the companies denied wrongdoing and stated they had
taken measures to discipline employees who used the company's e-mail
system inappropriately.
In the Citibank and Morgan Stanley cases, the lawsuits allege that white
managers circulated a list of words that were used in sentences designed
to poke fun at the use of Ebonics, sometimes referred to as black
In one example, submitted as part of the Citibank case, the word
``disappointment'' is capitalized and followed by the sentence: ``My
parole officer tel me if I miss disappointment they gonna send me back
to da big house.''
``This kind of joke without a doubt has no place in the workplace,''
said Stephen T. Mitchell, a Manhattan lawyer representing the two
Citibank employees who filed suit. ``You have a situation that people
that have the power to promote and the power to terminate are ridiculing
people that don't have that power.''
Mitchell said he has been contacted by more than a dozen other Citibank
employees who want to join the lawsuit.
In 1995, Chevron Corp. agreed to pay four women a total of $2.2 million
in settling a sexual-harassment suit after the plaintiffs produced,
among other evidence, e-mail containing sexist jokes about ``why beer is
better than women.''
E-mail humor reaches across gender, racial and ethnic lines. A recent
joke being circulated on the ``Top 10 reasons computers must be male,''
for example, contained as No. 10, ``They have a lot of data but are
still clueless.''
Ultimately, the heightened concern about the liability generated by
e-mail messages will cause more employers to begin monitoring the
electronic mail sent and received by their employees, legal experts
``I'm getting a lot of inquiries about e-mail monitoring,'' said D.
Michael Underhill, a partner with Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, a District of
Columbia-based law firm.
Privacy advocates, however, caution employers not to overreact in
responding to possible misuse of e-mail, saying that could cause other
problems to develop.
``Employers shouldn't monitor e-mail unless they have strong reason to
think someone is abusing it,'' said Evan Hendricks, editor of the
Privacy Times.
Legal experts recommend that workplaces have some form of monitoring
e-mail and disclose this to employees. Some experts even suggest that
companies routinely dispose of e-mail messages from backup computer
systems the way they would other sensitive documents. They also say
companies should develop immediately a written policy for e-mail and
provide training on its proper use. Most importantly, such policies
should prohibit the use of offensive language or jokes about race or
sex, they said.
Experts also caution employees of the same race and sex against sending
one another off-color jokes.
Patricia L. Morris, dean of the School of Education and Urban Studies at
Morgan State University, said off-color racial or sexual jokes reinforce
stereotypes. This is especially true for black workers who might be
passing along jokes to one another about Ebonics, for example, at
companies where African Americans are still striving to be paid and
promoted on the same basis as whites.
``We shouldn't accept it from whites and we shouldn't tolerate it at all
from each other,'' Morris said.
USA Today, Thursday, March 20, 1997
Computer-Banking Bugs Turn Off Customers
By Christine Dugas
As more people sign up for computer banking and bill paying, some banks'
systems are becoming overloaded -- causing delays and bounced checks.
The industry says it is experiencing growing pains and is fixing the
problems. But some customers are losing patience.
Richard Rosett, a professor at Rochester (N.Y.) Institute of Technology,
has been disconnected on several occasions while transmitting bill
payments to Chase Manhattan bank.
``The only way to find out if the payments went through was to call
Chase,'' he says. But then he was put on interminable hold. Once he
clocked the wait at more than an hour.
Rosett became more irate when he mistakenly was charged $21.95 in
electronic banking fees. And Chase didn't respond to his electronic mail
complaint, he says. So, he's taking his business elsewhere.
Chase, the USA's largest bank, isn't the only financial institution with
problems. ``Banks are victims of their own success,'' says Bill Burnham,
a banking consultant at Booz, Allen & Hamilton.
Since NationsBank launched its personal computer banking service a year
ago, 320,000 customers have signed on. ``We were able to keep up with
the growth until recently,'' says Smita Quinn, PC banking manager. Then
customers encountered connection delays.
They sometimes had to wait up to 10 minutes to speak to a bank
representative by phone. So NationsBank curtailed its marketing push and
beefed up its call center staff.
Chase says it also is increasing its phone staff -- from 50 people to
150 by the end of April. Ed Valenski, senior vice president in charge of
the call center, says Chase tries to resolve problems, but many are
beyond its control.
That's because Intuit Services handles payment processing and other
computer services for about 40 banks, including Chase. Connection delays
and service interruptions cropped up because the company couldn't handle
the growing volume. Intuit Services recently was sold to CheckFree, a
large national payment processor, which says it now has ironed out the
But it was too late to help Pam Toner of Fairfield, Conn. Toner says her
August home-equity loan payment didn't go through because of a glitch in
Chase's PC banking service. And the late payment ended up on the Toners'
credit report.
Now Chase is trying to clear up the mess by writing the credit agency.
To make up for such problems, the bank has sent some customers flowers.
But Toner didn't get any.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-22 01:00:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: FBI Visits JPUNIX 
Do we know anyone named Cindy?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-22 01:00:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks & Ecash in WSJ, Chaum,and Amazing Revelation by NSA 
I just had an idea for an interesting demo project. Perhaps someone
wants to take it up and to put a spin on it to promote privacy/cryptography.
Most (perhaps all) states' motor vehicle departments allow you to connect
to their computer (usually via a modem) and map licence plate numbers into
names/addresses.  Typically you must first set up an account and pay, e.g.,
$200, and then something like $4 is deducted from the account for each
query. Obviously, only someone who performs a lot of queries (like a p.i.
or a lawyer) would set up an account.
It occurred to me that it might be "interesting" for someone to set up
accounts with all the states that have this service; and to establish a
Web site that would do quantity 1 queries for a reasonable fee, like $FV10.
I recall that someone got hold of the Washington State database and
operated such a service for free for a few days as a demo.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-22 01:00:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More disinfo from Cocksucker John Gilmore 
Unfortunately, New York City is the home to several people who in a
more restrictive society would have been committed - Case Iverson,
Ray Arachelian, the lying crackpot Charles Platt from alt.torture...
Neither Gilmore nor Sandfart have cocks long enough to reach from
California... But Iverson may be sucking Arachelian's cock.
With difficulty. A program's output would likely sound more intelligent.
Yes, but it's a very low bandwidth channel capable of transmitting
single digits only.
A very good point, Paul.
You may have noticed that Cocksucker John Gilmore spreads lies and
disinformation, he makes up hard numbers which can be proven to be false -
but it would require an effort that could be used more productively e.g. on
setting up more remailers. Consider several of Cocksucker John Gilmore's
recent claims made through his subservient mouthpiece Rich Graves. In
This is a lie. I haven't mailbombed cypherpunks. There were several mail
loops during the list's existance on toad.com, none of which were caused by
me. The list moved because of Gilmore's censorship, which Graves forgets to
mention at all. list. In article <5gkfag$36o at quixote.stanford.edu>
The cypherpunks mailing list is archived at several sites. As I pointed out,
it's possible to search the archives and to verify that in the several years
that I've been on this list, there was not a single day when I posted 50
articles; not a single day when I posted even 15 articles; and probably less
than 10 days when I posted more than 5 articles. Cocksucker John Gilmore
More lies. I have repeatedly stated that it is NOT my intention to disrupt
the mailing list. The total size of the Serdar Argic material is under 200K.
I'd be surprised if the total size of my contributions to cypherpunks over
the years adds up to more than a couple of megabytes.
But of course we know that Cocksucker John Gilmore is a pathological liar,
so we can do something more useful than digging through the archives.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-23 05:48:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cocksucker John Gilmore and his mouthpiece Rich Graves exposed as liars 
I'll quote without comment an article from the alt.cypherpunks newsgroup.
]Path: ...!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!senator-bedfellow.mit.edu!sethf
]From: sethf at athena.mit.edu (Seth Finkelstein)
]Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk,alt.censorship,alt.cypherpunks
]Subject: The flames from the (gG)raves
]Date: 22 Mar 1997 03:12:09 GMT
]Organization: Massachvsetts Institvte of Technology
]Lines: 269
]Distribution: inet
]Message-ID: <5gvim9$9d8 at senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
]References: <5gkfag$36o at quixote.stanford.edu> <5gmnuj$1ha at senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>  <5gqfpk$ate at senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU> <5gv2kg$lc5 at quixote.stanford.edu>
]Reply-To: sethf at mit.edu
]NNTP-Posting-Host: frumious-bandersnatch.mit.edu
]In article <5gv2kg$lc5 at quixote.stanford.edu>, Rich Graves ]>Warning: The Happynet Unofficial Anti-Censorship Committee has determined
]>the following post to be inappropriate for children and fight-censorship
]>subscribers. Only Seth Finkelstein has been empowered to speak the whole
]>truth by the anti-censorship review board. Please enter the following into
]>your killfile:
]	Rich is getting nuttier and nuttier. This is not
]unexpected. His pattern is to get more and more slimy as you argue
]with him. Note that the fact that he argues with people who are
]themselves very vile people, Holocaust-deniers, does not change the
]demonstrated truth of this statement. This is again why many people
]end up just ignoring him completely and not wanting to read anything
]from him.
]>Seth is nothing if not a reasonable unbiased observer. Trust him. Please.
]	And I've noted many a time, my qualification is I-was-there.
]I have, however, repeatedly tried to resolve this dispute and read all
]your articles (aggravating though it is almost all of the time). That
]should be worth something.
]>No, I mean it. From articles <5ghg1t$7j4$5 at nntp2.ba.best.com> and
]><5ghg1n$7j4$4 at nntp2.ba.best.com>, just to be sure I guess:
]>|Rich, have you ever wondered why so many diverse people, with wildly
]>|diverse political views, have accused you of being a left or center
]>|fascist or a commie sympathiser.
]>|And no, the, fact that you have been accused of being a commie symp is
]>|not evidence that those who called you a fascist were wrong, and vice
]>|versa.  The various political positions you have been accused of, tend
]>|to be hard to distinguish in practice.
]	I suspect this is some sort of a trap, but, noting that I am
]walking into this with my eyes open and aware of it: Rich has lied
]here, and in all the referenced quotes below. They are not from me,
]but someone else. By this tactic, he hopes to imply that if I call him
]a liar, and someone else (say a Holocaust-denier) does the same thing,
]both are equally valid. It is exactly the trick I just detailed a
]posting or two ago, imposing moral equivalence on his critics.
]	But note, he did not have to lie in the above to do this
]rhetorical tactic. He could have tried to pull it off by contrasting
]similar-sounding, but correctly-attributed, quotes. But he did not, he
]lied repeatedly. There is no way this sort of thing can be explained
]by benefit of the doubt or a human error or believing separate
]reports. It is a malicious and knowing fabrication. By the standards
]Rich espouses (for other people ...)  this should condemn him for all
]>And article <5gi741$cbp$1 at nntp2.ba.best.com>:
]>|Another example of your disturbing affection for state informers and
]>|government goons with guns.
]>|I have no idea what these claims are, but I confidently believe a
]>|couple of things about you that you have forcefully denied.
]	Didn't write that. I don't care what Rich thinks about guns,
]though I wonder if he should be in one of the groups which should
]certainly be denied them (... history of mental illness).
]>And article <5gmff0$109$4 at nntp2.ba.best.com>:
]>|You are a habitual liar, an apologist for state repression, and a
]	Didn't write that. I don't know about "habitual", but I suppose
]it's arguable. I don't care about Rich's politics. Loon, DEFINITELY!
]>And <5gqbd5$rkm$2 at nntp2.ba.best.com>:
]>|You piously declare you are on the side of the angels, while
]>|systematically circulating lies that hurt us and benefit the enemy.
]	Didn't write it, but I could have :-). But the trick there is
]that "the enemy" could mean in the writer's mind "The Jewish Conspiracy",
]but in my mind "Sensation-Mongering Journalists". The two statements
]then may *sound* alike, but actually be completely different.
]>And <5gu8v6$nf$2 at nntp2.ba.best.com>:
]>|Rich regularly circulates "facts" that are systematically off base in
]>|ways that legitimize and justify the lawless acts of governments and
]>|which denigrate peoples rights.
]	Didn't write it, again, I very rarely deal with Rich's
]general beliefs about government. I get far too much of him as it is.
]>|When called on these he then piously whines how much in favor of
]>|liberty he is.
]>|He is damned statist liar.
]	Didn't write it, wouldn't say "statist liar". Of course, this
]repeated tactic of misattribution and the broader trick will speak for itself.
]>And <5gu8i6$nf$1 at nntp2.ba.best.com>:
]>|Oh aren't you wonderful
]>|You talk the talk but you do not walk the walk.
]>|You are not on Phil Zimmerman's side.  You are on the side of the
]	Nowadays, I don't think Rich has any side except his own. He
]strikes me as dangerously unstable. Luckily, he only explodes in whining
]rants - so far.
]>Please read no further. This is your last warning.
]>OK, I lied. I do that habitually, don't you know. THIS is your last
]	Doesn't make it right. Most of the time, you slant and ignore
]contrary evidence. That hasn't worked for you in this thread, so now
]you've escalated. One might also point to the absurdity of posting
]long vitriolic articles and saying "don't read this". It's part of a
]pattern of doing something nasty and vicious and vile, and then
]denying that you're actually doing it.
]>In article <5gqfpk$ate at senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>,
]>>       This is so ironic given your venom-filled postings. Yes, I am
]>>flaming you back. It's not nearly as fun when the target is defending
]>>themselves, is it? You just can't get away with the mud without consequences.
]>Seth, you weren't the target, though for what you've done with your
]>miscarried "Justice on Campus," you should be. Since you insist, I'll
]>remedy that lack below.
]	Umm, you've flamed a lot of people in this thread. And Justice
]on Campus has a lot of contributors, I can't take all credit or blame
]for every part it. I've had a heavy role in some parts of it, and
]deferred in other pieces.
]>>>Seth, go to  Note that a thread under this title began on
]>>>March 1st. Note that it was a reasonable and civil reply to John Wallace's
]>>>reasonable and civil reply to me. Note that there were several reasonable
]>>>and civil followups. Note that the current topic of this thread did not
]>>>start until March 13th.  Note when you arrived, when the content-free
]>>>flames started, and how I broke off a more reasonable subthread to get
]>> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
]>>       Wrong. Note that you smeared everyone around in article
]>>id <5g9sin$g5p at quixote.stanford.edu>, that's what started the flame war.
]>Yes, the date on that article is March 13th. There were nine articles in
]>the thread prior to that one. The first post to the thread was March 1st,
]>following up to John Wallace's citation of my name on the so-called
]>fight-censorship list in late February. I was unable to respond to the
]>invocation of my name on the fight-censorship list, so I posted the
]>article here, on March 1st.
]	Consider the phrase "Note when you arrived, when the
]content-free flames started ...". I arrived *after* you started the
]flamewar, and your mudfest is what began it. You spit in the thread,
]don't complain it now tastes bad.
]>>       This is the sort of rewriting of history Rich does. He posts some
]>>nasty, provocative flames. When people flame him back, he acts so hurt,
]>>and edits out his part in his retelling, playing the wounded innocent.
]>This is, of course, the unalloyed truth.
]	We see it demonstrated over and over again. Look at your rewriting
]>>>>     Donna Riley and Jean DeCamp shouldn't be touched with a
]>>>>10-foot polemic. I met Jean once. The woman couldn't stop berating me
]>>>She should have, with the smear campaign you continue to run against her,
]>>       Her own words condemn her. She'd like to run away from them,
]>>but she can't.
]>I see. How good of you to post selected quotes prominently on the web for
]>more than two years, especially the ones that explicitly read "This is
]>private email" and "Please consider this paragraph confidential."
]	Wrong. All the material is there, has been from early on. Read
]the whole thing,  , especially
] .
]	In fact, I think my first tussle with her was explaining why
]she was utterly wrong to allege "libelous" in that case, a mistake you
]repeated, but you should know better.
]>Justice on Campus.
]	Take your complaint to all the papers and magazines printing
]Timothy McVay's "confession?" now.
]>>>But she didn't take a swing at you, did she? I can only think of one
]>>>person mentioned in this thread who was arrested and convicted for taking
]>>>swings at someone he was living with. "Justice on Campus" they call the
]>>       Actually, said person was falsely and maliciously accused by
]>>the ex- who has a history of making far-out accusation, on the eve of
]>>their relationship breakup, and couldn't afford to fight it all the
]>>way through (for years?). But talk about one-sided, Rich wouldn't tell
]>>you any of that.
]>Right. I haven't posted the URL for the police report, which mentions
]>third parties Yang and Gardy calling the police when they heard the
]	Nor have you mentioned it's hosted by the same person who made
]bogus harassment charges against JOC and me, which where completely
]false and malicious, and has an amazing history of prevarication.
]>some concern for personal privacy. I will merely say that in my personal
]>opinion, you are a disgusting individual for allowing yourself to be so used.
]	I love you too.
]>If you don't think a reasonable and prudent person would read the
]>police report or judgement this way, then by all means, post the URL on
]>"Justice" on Campus. You consider it your duty to post selected personal
]>email between third parties; why not public record?
]	I personally believe there's something wrong with it, because
]it's hosted by the very same guy who tried to get JOC and me in trouble
]with manufactured malicious charges. See   ]	If I were dealing with it, I'd put *everything* up in defense,
]but again, I understand at a human level the reaction not to wallow
]though the mud of an angry ex-'s accusations.
]>>       You're very mixed up. Bogus harassment charges were filed
]>>against *me*, and it gave me a very good view of CMU-style politics.
]>>They use harassment charges and threats as standard weapons down there.
]>I see. Again, this is the unalloyed truth. "Justice on Campus."
]	Rich, exactly what part do you doubt? That charges were made?
]That's never been denied by anyone involved. That they were phony?
]Well, given that I was hundreds of miles away, and I don't think I
]ever sent the guy e-mail, it's hard to make an argument (unless you
]consider Usenet flaming to be sufficient, which I would really advise
]you not to do). So yes, that's the unalloyed truth.
]>>>Yes. Two simple wording changes. Please change the name of the list to
]>>>"fight" and change the word "unmoderated" to "moderated."
]>>       In other words, *SNEER*. It's not about the wording, it's
]>>about your whining, nothing would make you happy, you just want an
]>>issue to cry about.
]>Two simple changes to the wording, in the interest of accuracy. That's all.
]	"Lightly moderated with regard to participants" seems very non-sneery,
]but I doubt it'll make you happy.
]>>       Explain to me how importing this flame war onto the mailing
]>>list is going to help anything at all. It seems to me it'd just make
]>>things worse.
]>Well, there we disagree. Convene the Happynet Unofficial Anti-Censorship
]>Committee and mull it over at your leisure. I'm in no hurry.
]	So tell me how it's going to help anything. At this point, I
]think you're beyond help.
]Seth Finkelstein  				sethf at mit.edu
]Disclaimer : I am not the Lorax. I speak only for myself.
](and certainly not for Project Athena, MIT, or anyone else).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-23 08:50:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gilmore is sabotaging the lists again 
I cc:'d this to cypherpunks at cyberpass.com; one week later is bounced
]Subject: Returned mail: Cannot send message for 1 week
]   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
]While talking to ]>>> MAIL From:
]<<< 451 queuename: Cannot create "qfIAA10925" in "/usr/spool/mqueue" (euid=35): Disc quota exceeded
]   ----- Unsent message follows -----
]To: kszczypi at tele.pw.edu.pl (Krzysztof Szczypiorski)
]Cc: cypherpunks at cyberpass.com
]Subject: The mysterious disappearance of 1400 subscribers and gateways
]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Comments: All power to the ZOG!
]Message-Id: <152L4D39w165w at bwalk.dm.com>
]Date: Sat, 15 Mar 97 09:01:23 EST
]In-Reply-To: <199703151216.NAA01640 at titan.tele.pw.edu.pl>
]Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
][cc:'d to c-punks who were wondering what happened to the 1400 lurkers ]
]> Hi, I remember that you ara one of the most active people on cypherpunks
]> list. I've got the simple question: what the current status of cypherpunks
]> list is? Is the list moderated? The last posting that I've received is dated
]> on Feb 20... It was a couple of weeks ago.... :((
]Cypherpunks is currently an unmoderated distributed list. You can send the
]command 'subscribe cypherpunks' to one of several sites:
] majordomo at algebra.com
] majordomo at ssz.com
] majordomo at cyberpass.com
]You can send submissions to cypherpunks@ any of these sites.
]If someone (Dale?) has saved the output from several 'who's over the last
]few months, it might be a good idea to e-mail them once and to tell them
]this. Apparently the new subscription instructions never made it to those
]who remained only on the moderated list.
]Wseho Nalepshego.

@_date: 1997-03-24 19:30:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Analysis of proposed UK ban on use of non-escrowed crypto. 
Bad example, Timmy.  I used to hang out with the standards people and
yes, a lot of government purchases (both US and non-US) are mandated
to comply with ANSI and ISO standards, which is why vendors push so hard
to have their implementation declared the standard. Yes, U.S.Gov't does
buy certified ANSI C, Fortran, etc compilers, not to mention ADA.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-25 02:50:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Was your sister also better than your mother?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-25 20:40:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why a U.K.-style law against key-signings won't fly in the U.S. 
It is.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 07:05:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Corrupted "From:" headers in my posts 
John Gilmore IS a cocksucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 07:05:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New WinSock Remailer Available; Compatible with Win95 
What exactly is the problem with NT (if any)?
You might want to take a look at the source code to the cancelbot I
published last year - it has some winsock calls that work fine under NT.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 08:32:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: spam 
They don't know at the time of the mailing whether they'll make any
money off of it... Most of them seem like very stupid scams and probably
don't make any money. But they have enough of a hope to profit from
the mailing.
That's a very good point, Toto. As you may recall, my domain, dm.com, stands
for D&M Consulting. There's another internet domain, dm1.com, which stands for
'direct marketing'. They've been sending out a lot of UCE. A number of
net.cops have been complaining to us and to PSI, our upstream connection,
because they lack the mental capacity to distinguish between 'dm' and 'dm1'.
PSI used to be a good provider when we started doing business with them 6
years ago; now they have new people who are totally clueless and obnoxious. It
goes like "We've been receiving a lot of complaints about the traffic
originating at your site". "These are false complaints." "Well, we've still
been receiving a lot of complaints." And "If you can prove that this traffic
did not originate with you, then we won't hold you responsible." [I'm
cc'ing this to the Rev. Steve Winter who's had similar problems with the
new management at PSI. What a bunch of assholes! ]
But, Toto, sending UCE is not without a cost. If you had what most people
have these days - a $19.95/month SLIP or PPP account, and you sent out a
few thousand commercial solicitations to random people, your account would
be closed within hours by most providers. It would then take your a little
time and effort to open another account. The nan-am folks have been trying
to come up with a blacklist of "spammers" who go from one provider to
another - I don't know how successful they've been. A lot of people try
the internet in general, or a particular provider, judge them to be full of
shit, and close down the account. Perhaps a few would rather go with a bang.
Clearly, most folks who send out unsolicited e-mail are not masochists
seeking to have their plugs pulled. Most of them hope to sell something.
(Most of them are scammers, but that's besides the point.) I also saw at
least one religious mass e-mail (God loves you etc), where monetary profit
was probably not the motive for sending it. I think it's safe to assume that
most folks who send out unsolicited mass e-mail don't want the recipient to
be annoyed and to complain to the sender's ISP [This may not be true about
the users of anonymous remailers! ].
A while back we discussed on the cp mailing list a spec for a system that
provide junk e-mailers for free with a list of (hashed) addresses that
should be removed from any mass e-mail lists. Is anyone interested in
talking about the technical aspects of such a system?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 11:33:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: improving public acceptance: "alt" mail domain 
SHIT!!! Someone, quick, complain to the InterNIC.
Who let the cocksucking NSA shill kidnap a domain name?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 11:35:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New WinSock Remailer Available; Compatible with Win95 
For example, the Phrack archive.  I also posted it to the coderpunks
mailing list, which may be archived somewhere.  I was also told that
it's at the  phreaking site.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 11:37:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous mail as spam? 
That's an interesting business model.
Alice doesn't know shit about the 'net.
In particular, Alice doesn't know that UCE annoys people and
doesn't generate income; and Alice doesn't have the technical
expertise to set up a SLIP/PPP account, not to mention mass-mailing.
Alice pays Bob to mass-mail her UCE from a throw-away account.
Alice probably pays Bob a lot.
Bob probably promises Alice a lot.
Should Alice be encouraged to sue Bob for fraudulent misrepresetation
of UCE? :-)
Would a journalist with any semblance of integrity try to inform
Alice that UCE doesn't pay, instead of calling for more censorship?
*If* there was a free, easy way to remove addresses of people who
don't want junk e-mail from their mailing lists, most junk e-mailers
would probably try to use it. The (snail-mail) direct marketers
association has it; I put my name on their block list and I
get almost no junk snail-mail.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 11:37:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Proposal:] Revolving Web Mirrors 
To whom?
It's a piece of cake to scan all incoming e-mail and to see who's
getting notifications of the new locations of the "banned pages".
It doesn't matter if the "authorities" are the local gubmint or
a corporation... If the incoming e-mail is encrypted then the
authorities can scrutinize all incoming encryped e-mail and ask
the recipients what's in it, why it's encrypted, and whether it's
solicited or not.  If the notofications of the "banned pages"
locations are unsolicited, they have good grounds for a complaint
to your ISP.  If they're solicited... the recipient's in trouble.
But if the notifications are a small part of traffic on a large-
volume mailing list, like this one, then the recipient can claim
that they've subscribed to the mailing list for the other content
(like the ASCII art :-).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 13:53:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [OFF TOPIC]Comments about CFP '97 
This reminds me of a story that happened 5 or 6 years ago to a sovok
who used to be a dentist back in Russia. He couldn't become a dentist
in the U.S., so he became a stockbroker out in the midwest. He lost
some money for another sovok. Sovok  asked sovok  nicely for a
reimbursement, but he refused. So, he killed him and ran his body
through one of those tree mulching things. They never found much of
sovok  body. However sovok  was so stupid that he stole Rolex watch and was seen wearing it, so he got arrested and even
Just stay away from sovoks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-26 23:10:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Corrupted "From:" headers in my posts 
Yes indeed - Cocksucker John Gilmore is the man in the middle,
getting it from Greg Broils and giving it to Sandy Sandfart.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-27 19:40:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
Instead of keeping this list in cleartext, one could keep 1-way hashes
of the addresses. Thus a remailer (or anyone) can check whether a given
address is on the list, but they can't just go through the list and
"investigate" the addresses on it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-28 08:22:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
That's a valid point.  One can obtain a list of "suspected" addreses,
say, from the subscribers to the cp list(s), and run that against the
hashed lists.
Another feature I really don't like about asking the first-time recipients
to agree to accept e-mail while it's on the reamailer is:
With the present scheme, if a remailer is "raided", it has precious little
interesting stuff on it at any one time. Now consider the scenario:
X sends 1000 copies of child porn/seditious libel to 100 people believed not
to be using remailers right now.  The remailer keeps the 100 e-mails onits
hard disk and e-mails each receipient a ping, inviting them to agree to the
disclaimer terms and to retrieve their anonymous e-mail.  The first recipient
to retrieve the e-mail gets upset and contacts the feds.  The feds figure, the
remailer still has the 99 other e-mails and the information on who's supposed
to receive them in its queue; why not seize it and take a look.
I just came up with another idea which definitely has some holes in it,
but perhaps someone wants to improve on it.
There's a big distributed database of pgp keys on the several keyservers.
Add a bit to the database specifying whether the key owner wants to receive
anonymous e-mail.  By default set it to true for the existing addresses.
When the final remailer in the chain wants to send someone an anonymous
message, it attempts to retrieve a key from the keyservers.
If it fails to find a key, it junks the mail (you don't want to keep it
around, it's baiting the LEAs!) and instead sends a notification to the
recipient that some anon e-mail was addressed to it, but it was junked;
and if they want to receive anon e-mail, they need to give a pgp key
to one of the key servers this remailer uses.
If it finds a key, it looks at the anon mail bit; if it's on, it encrypts the e-mail with the recipient's key and sends it; otherwise it junks it.
Obviously, the key servers would need to be modified to allow users to
specify whether they want anon e-mail when then store their keys, and
to change this setting any time.
Right now, there's a very large number of addresses in the key servers.
Instantly making them into a list of addresses that accept anon mail
will make it hard (hopefully infeasible) for the LEAs to investigate
everyone willing to accept anon e-mail as a suspect in sending it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-28 11:03:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CypherPunks Hash Distribution Network / Combined thread 
Hettiga's tongue is still firmly implanted up Cocksucker John Gilmore's ass.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-28 19:25:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
That's a good idea, but it'll take up a lot of disk space at the
machine running the remailer.  Right now, remailers that provide
latency don't keep an e-mail for more than about 12 hours. Once
you start keeping them around for a few days (a reasonable grace
period for a first-time user), it's a lot more disk space.
That's a good refinement, but it's still not enough, IMO.
Suppose a LEA wants to search the computer hosting the remailer.
They come across a bunch of encrypted files.
The operator has to convince the LEA that they don't have the means
to decrypt the e-mails or even to figure out who they're from.
That just may be close to contempt of court. Say, you might be
asked to explain how you generate the "random" keys so they
can be recreated.
IMO, the 'net has changed from what it used to be a few years ago.
One can no longer send e-mail to an unknown recipient and hope that
they're willing to accept anonymous e-mail. I'm not 100% sure what
needs to be done, but I firmly believe that in today's climate
unless the remailer knows that the recipient took some positive
action to indicate that s/he has a clue (such as, added a key to a
keyserver), their anon mail should be immediately discarded and
they should instead get a note:
Someone tried to send you anonymous e-mail; because we don't
know whether you want to receive anon e-mail, it's been discarded
and can't be recovered; anon e-mail can be bad; disclaimer
dislciamer disclaimer; and here's what you need to do to
receive future e-mail if you want it.
Yes - nothing really new.
Yes - 5 days worth of anon mail, even if it's encrypted and the
recipient is stripped, is an attractive target for LEA's looking
for child porn and the like.
Unfortunately this model is based on assumptions that are no longer
true.  I've been on the 'net since the early 80s.  I used to
prozelityze(sp?) everyone I knew that the 'net is a great tool
and that  we all should use it. Well, now the 'net is full of
assholes and you can no longer assume that just because someone
has access to the 'net, they have a clue.
However I think it's a safe assumption that someone who put their
key in a key server has enough of a clue to be able to handle
an anon e-mail; and if they don't, they should be able to turn
it off easily.
Yes, that's a possibility. E-mail from has has been forged in the
past, as Igor can attest. :-) Again, the 'net has changed. As some
folks are aware, I run 3 mailing lists at another site. 2 are near-dead,
but one has been up since '89 and is pretty active. Recently I had
to institute the policy of confirming subscriptions because of the
several forged subscription requests.  Such things were unthinkable
even 4 or 5 years ago.
A key server presumably has some mechanisms for checking that someone
who wants to store or update a key for a at b appears to be a at b.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-28 19:50:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
[I'm not advocating anything concrete; I'm just thinkout out loud]
[valid points snipped]
I'm sorry, my scenario was superfluous. Even with ordinary remailer traffic,
if you institute the policy that a first-time recipient gets a ping and his
e-mail is kept at the remailer until he decides that he wants to accept
qnonymous e-mail - there will be quite a bit of such letters at the
remailer, making it a more attractive target for search+seizure.
(Even if they're all encrypted and sans recipients, there's just more
interesting stuff for the fuzz to look at than there is now.)
That's why I feel that it's time to change the remailer model and to
discard e-mail addressed to recipients not known to be willing to
receive anonymous e-mail. Instead, send them a form letter explaining
how they can get future anon e-mail if they want to.
BTW: the remailer doesn't need to know whether the recipient is the
end recipient or another remailer. We can safely assume that every
remailer has a key on some key server.
I agree, but: I'm not ecven talking about making traffic analysis harder
or easier. Rather, I don't want to add a new vulnerability by keeping
around a relatively short list of people willing to receive anonymous
Well - it's bad that someone can monitor the outgoing e-mail from a given
remailer and learn who actually gets it; it's worse if the attacker can
see this remailer's list of _potential recipients (some of whom might not
be getting any mail during the monitoring period).
I'm not sure about this point, so I'm not necessarily arguing. However
I expect that the vast majority of people with enough clue to get their
key into a key server are likely to be more enlightened than the
average user today. I definitely feel that someone without enough
clue to do that should NOT be forwarded any e-mail.
If this idea of using key servers for dest blocking is indeed adopted,
then we could first try "default true" and if the problems we have now
persist, then make it "default false" and require a positive action
by the recipient.
The problem with a separate positive action is that there will be an
initial period when the pool of users who choose to receive anon
e-mail is small (under 100). Some LEA investigating an internet-
related crime just might decide it's worth his while to pay a close
attention to these people (regular police work :-). I'd rather
start with a pool of enabled destination so large that it's not
feasible to investigate each one for just being in the pool.
Plus, someone with enough clue to make a key is hopefully less likely
to be a total twit.
I think that the side effect of encouraging people who haven't generated
and submitted PGP keys to do so (and requiring them to use PGP to
read the mail once it comes in) is a desirable side effect.
I also think that the maintenance of dest blocking needs to be
removed as far as possible from the remailer operations.
Remailers are subjected to high turnover. Do new operators really
collect dest blocks from the existing ones? Does a user sending
a single blocking request to one of the mailing list get blocked
from all existing remailers? Could some paranoid LEA subpoena
dest blocks from all the existing remailers hoping to learn
something by comparing them? If I were running a remailer,
I'd prefer to rely on someone else, someone centralized, to
process destination blocking requests (and to authenticate
them - as Adam pointed out, the fact that we now don't
authenticate dest blocking requests is bad, very bad).
Hmm. Just thinking out loud. Suppose Alice and Bob both run remailers.
Alice has "default true" and Bob has "default false". (Either is
much more cautious than the present setup, of course.) Someone sends
e-mail to Carol with Alice's remailer as the final one. Carol had
previously given her key to some key server known to Alice's remailer,
so she gets the e-mail. Next, someone sends e-mail to Carol via
Bob's remailer, who discards the e-mail and tells Carol: "I see
your key, but I don't see your positive action to get e-mail."
If I were Carol, I'd be somewhat pissed that my mail was lost.
But of course it's up to Bob...
Problem is, if the key servers actually allow 3 values in that
field: explicit true, explicit false, default; then again for some
time the list of people with explicit true will be small enough
to investigate just for this reason. To protect recipients'
privacy, I'd rather set anon mail to true for all existing keys.
To do what I've described requires 1) a change to the remailers,
2) a change to the key servers.
Are there any people who run key servers on this list?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-28 20:10:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Higher Sources and PGP 
So, the 39 kibologists didn't commit suicide!!!
They were murdered by Cocksucker John Gilmore!!!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-29 13:42:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
I don't like this for only one reason: you'll be wasting disk
space at thousands of usenet sites. I happen to think that alt.anonymous.
messages is a really wasteful communications channel. If it were used for
all the traffic now caried by the remailers, many syadmins would stop
carrying it (a lot of useless traffic). I would have if I had carried it. :-)
Also it's not fair to assume that everyone with access to e-mail can
also get web or usenet. One example that's still fairly common in a
user on a corporate computer behind a firewall.
If the key is generated by the remailer, then a LEA might go on a fishing
expedition trying to figure how the key was generated and whether they can
generate the same key again. It's safer not to generate random keys.
These are all good things; I just wish they could be accomplished in a less
wasteful manner.  To replicate a file at thousands of usenet servers which
can only be decrypted by one person is, in my opinion, selfish net-abuse.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-29 13:44:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
Yes. The remailer should contain as little "interesting" information
as possible at any given time, even if it's encrypted.
*If* the remailer keeps the e-mail until the recipient agrees to the
disclaimer and fetches it, then the timeout period should be longer
than 24 hours.  Not everyone checks their e-mail every 24 hours.
E.g., sometimes I'm away and don't check it for 3 or 4 days.
A friend of mine checks hers once or twice a week because she
doesn't get much.
Of course I'm advocating something more draconian - discard the
e-mail at once if the recipent isn't known and e-mail them how
they can get their mail next time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-29 16:10:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
Why Sergey, you mean to tell me that there are key servers out there that
accept a key from a purported address and don't send back a cookie to that
address to see if it's not fake? :-) That's just terrible. Definitely no
key coming from such a server should be trusted. :-) :-)
Today is March 29, 1997 - almost April 1st. The Internet ain't what is
used to was 15 or 10 or even 2 years ago. If you get an e-mail that
purports to be from X, and it requests that you add X's public key
to your key server, or (un)subscribe X to a mailing list, or
block X from receiving anonymous e-mail - it may be a forgery.
Never act on such requests without trying to authenticate them
with a cookie.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-29 16:10:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: remailer spam throttle 
I paid over $700 for a 2GB disk about 18 mos ago. Yes, disk prices
are falling through floor - giving the lie to the scum that tries to
control Usenet "spam" - but is it really worth it to have to maintain
a huge spool space to support a remailer? If you really think you can
afford a few GB of extra disk storage, start up a Usenet site of virtue.
It should be possible to run a remailer on an average $19.95/mo shell
account.  Most of them come with a disk quota of a couple of megabytes.
I do think that keeping a lot of mail in the queue (more than is kept
by the remailers that use latency now) would make such accounts
unsuitable for remailers.
yes, this sort of solves the storage problem.
Thinking how this might work...
Alice's remailer gets an e-mail for Bob.
Alice's remailer generates 2 pseudo-random numbers, K and L, and uses
K to encrypt the message with a symmetric cryptoscheme.
Alice's remailer sends the encrypted message and L to Bob with the following
note: if you want to receive the key to decrypt this message, send back L and
acknowledge the disclaimer.
Alice's remailer retains the triple (K,L,Bob). Because it's small, it can
be kept for a long time.
If Bob sends back L, the remailer sends Bob K so he can read his message.
I see a few problems with this. I'm sure it can be improved.
1. What if Bob is another remailer, unknown to Alice?
2. What if Bob doesn't have the program to decode his message? (It's
fair to assume that everyone can fine PGP. It's not fair to assume that
everyone can find e.g. triple DES.)
3. What if the LEA's decide that the collection of triples on Alice's
computer is worth looking at, for instance, for the list of addresses.
(OK, they could be encrypted probably.)
4. What if the LEA's decide to find out how K, L are generated?
I think IDEA or triple DES would be fast enough for this.
Given how some people react very negatively to what they consider
"unsolicited e-mail", I think it might be a bad idea to send them
large encrypted messages w/o confirming that they want them. But
it's also a bad idea to keep an unknown's e-mail on the remailer.
The only way out, IMO, is to *discard* an unknown's e-mail and to
tell him what positive action he can take so future e-mails don't
get discarded.
And by the way: a remailer should probably keep a list of people
who have been told about the need for a positive action, so they
won't get duplicate notices more than every week or so. If X
sends Y 10 e-mails and the remailer sends Y 10 identical notifications
with the instructions how to enable receipt, Y might get justifiable
When Alice's remailer gets an e-mail for Bob, it should do
something like:
          try to fetch Bob's public key
          from a well-run key server
            /                    \
         success               failure
                      |
      encrypt the e-mail      discard the
      with bob's key and      e-mail!
      pass it to Bob              |
                              was the form
                              letter sent to
                              Bob in the last
                              7 days?    \
                             /            no
                           yes              \
                          /                exit
                    send bob the
                    form letter
Wow, isn't that a perry flow chart. :-)
It may be hard to prove a negative to a LEO who doesn't know what
the hell you're talking about. You have a file in your spool that
was encrypted with a key that your program generated, but now you
no longer have the key? Well, tell us how the key was generated.
Well - if generating and publishing a PGP key were a requirement
to be able to receive anonymous e-mail, I'm sure they'd do it.
Some people (like Dale) legitimately question certain uses of PGP, but
I think in this case it's worth encouraging its use.
Hmm - I'm sure John Markoff and even Declan can handle PGP.
If, for example, Jon Schwartz can't handle PGP (and I don't know
whether he can :-), then he doesn't deserve any anonymous tips.
Free market in action.
Later - thanks a lot for the extensive comments.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-03-31 20:00:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PRESS REPORT - IMPORTANT????? 
Actually, Timmy's was funnier.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-03 06:37:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A Letter from the Smithsonian 
Thanks - I'm laughing my head off.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-03 06:50:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Booby traps, but no anarchist writings 
They don't mention whether he learned how to make bombs on the Internet,
which means they haven't ruled out this possibility either.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-03 21:54:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Artikel about XS4ALL in New York 
[cc'd to freedom-knights, who don't appreciate censorship of mj web pages]
I, personally, would have to use a dildo.  Even if I were queer,
I wouldn't get it up for a politician or a Cabal supporter.
Yes, let's fuck Chris Lewis to death with a 27" dildo!!!1!!1!
Both asking the author to remove contents, and contacting the police
are dishonorable acts. Even if the US, honorable providers tell the
complainers: if it's something illegal, call the cops and leave us
out of it.
I hope the IRA blows up these Internet Watch motherfuckers.
Is this Blair guy any saner than the tory bastards?
Perhaps we should further expose XS4ALL's hypocricy by renting from the
web space and putting up some pages they won't like.
The ISP is not a court to decide that a web page offering MJ for
sale is "illegal".
It's because Germans will gladly do anything to fuck over the Serbs.
I bet XS4All wouldn't host a web page for Karajic.
My understanding is that Radikal is a harmless, toothless liberal rag
that the Germans had no grounds for censoring in the first place.
Mirroring it is no big deal. How about mirroring the MJ page that
the bastards at XS4ALL censored?
Actually, I don't think mirroring is a good technology either.
The "eternal server" posted a few days ago seems VERY VERY promising,
I'm very exited about this technology - many many thanks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-04 06:46:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Misdirected e-mail 
There's no "sdg at dm.com".  I don't know who this person is, but
I hope s/he gets 'eir misdirected message via this mailing list.
Apparently-To: Thank you, your username and password to our secret hardcore door are:
 Username: smut12
 Password: freesmut
 This is an automated response to a request made on our web site. This IS NOT
 a bulk mailing. Our site is located at

@_date: 1997-05-04 10:58:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Disaster--"Use a cipher, go to prison" 
"Seconds?"  Learn to count, 'punk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-05 10:10:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Full Strength Stronghold 2.0 Released Worldwide 
Remember: if you comment on the fact that one can't examine this
product's source code for security holes, you'll get threatening
letters from C2Net's lawyers: Helena Kobrin, Cantor, & Siegel.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-05 12:08:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
As usual, Greg the C2Net shill writes total bullshit about things he
knows nothing about.  Try paying cash at Radio Shack, and see if they
ask for your name and address for their mailing list.  I guess Greg
is not the type to buy anything at Radio Shack.  What a fitting
employee for C2Net.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-06 02:38:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Insults about C2Net 
As if he forgot...
How would you know, old fart?  You've announced that you killfile me and
a dozen other people who know C2Net for what they are.  Therefore you
can't "see" anything coming from me, unless you're lying again.
Yeah, right.  That's coming from the same individual who didn't object
to C2Net's "moderation" of this mailing list when Cocksucker John Gilmore
announced it, and who also supported Cocksucker John Gilmore's forcibly
unsubscribing me from the mailing list by repeating his lies about
the "volume", not the "contents" of my writings that got my plug pulled,
alluding to the bogus numbers like "50 articles / day" and "megabytes
of Serdar Argic reposts [about the genocide of 2 million Moslems and
Sephardic Jews by the Armenians]".
Timmy, you're a liar.
If the Arab terrorist Sameer "Gas All Kikes" Parekh and his obsequitous
lackeys Greg Broils and Sandy Sandfart and their NSA bosses had it their
way, you'd have to show your Federal ID card every time you pay cash and
also record the serial numbers on the notes. (I understand that recording
the serial numbers is the standard practice in some countries.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-06 15:27:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Controversial Commercial ISP for Remailer? 
It certainly would be consistent with other terrorist acts perpetrated
by Armenian criminals off and on the net - such as the genocide of
the 2 million Moslems and Sephardic Jews in this century alone.
I am not surprised that Arachelian's employer, Earthweb, condones his
spamming.  They sound like a thoroughly corrupt and criminal organization,
since they even employ Arachelian as a network administrator.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-07 13:34:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: AP --> AR 
I'm all for it!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 07:47:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM's New Algo 
I had an interesting conversation a few weeks ago with a friend who has
a closed-form solution to a well-known problem that's been unsolved for
about that long.  He has no intention of publishing it, but he has already
made quite a bit of $$$ on it. :-)
I've known the guy for a number of years and it's not the first time he gets
a good result and makes money on it instead of yet another paper in a refereed journal.  In general, lots more is known to some people than is
published. E.g. it's possible that some of stuff I did for my Ph.D. thesis
was done by the British crypto people but never made it to the open literatre.
Let me get this straight - Schneier claims that factoring is secure now and
will remain secure in the future?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 08:50:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
First of all, Wallace is a great guy and anyone who interferes with his
freedom of speech is scum on par with C2Net.
Second, if you run a cgi script in this manner, the pings are still coming
from the web server.  You want to ping from the client that the browser's on.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 11:06:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Igor's Diabolical Mind 
Unless it's a faggot like the Lying Cocksucker John Gilmore[tm]
Yes - homosexuality is a mental defect that expresses itself in many
ways - not just limited to sexual perversions and net.censorship.
Nice tits!!!!1!1!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 11:26:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Custom programming, Web site design & development, and more. 
He's diversified into selling bulk e-mail software.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 11:28:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: IBM's New Algo 
Nope, the guy I had in mind solved something else which to me was about
as interesting.
But yes, I also heard via a grapevine that "a friend of a friend" claims to
have found a trick for factoring a product of 2 arbitrarily large primes
(hundreds of decimal digits) very quickly ("minutes on a PC"). I don't
believe in reputations in general, but his is such that this may be true.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 11:29:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Banking Secrecy and Nazi Gold 
Timmy C"you know what" May is a car thief too?????????????
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-08 15:14:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: List of GAK supporters 
Better them than C2Net or the cocksuckers at "Cygnus Support".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-09 08:22:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Banking Secrecy and Nazi Gold 
My problem with Igor's model is that has a "gubmint" that can decide that
although you possess something, you don't have a title to it.
I don't think the cost of having a "gubmint" justifies the convenience(?)
of having one's stolen property recovered.
I point Igor's attention to the two categories of real estate ownership in
traditional Russian legal framework (probably borrowed from Poland and
Germany...) - the kind that cannot be taken away by the state for any
reasn (even as punishment for treason), and the kind that can be taken
away, e.g., for non-paymet of taxes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-09 10:50:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
You expose your own hypocricy. Wallace is free to spam. I'm free to
ignore his spam, which I do.
Can you think of a way to have it originate at the browser's machine, not
your machine? Perhaps an activex program for w95 :-)
I suggest you learn to filter your e-mail.
You could also try an html form whose actions send mailto:your at enemy
He'll just filter out your site.  Wallace has some very smart
people working with him.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-09 10:57:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: El Gamal 
What's El Gamal up to these days? I heard he used to work for Okidata
as a low-level manager and had to leave when both of his subordinates
resigned at the same time. :-) Is that true?
Why won't Sameer "Gas the Kikes" Parekh hire his fellow Arab?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-09 23:27:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
Your lack of ethics, rather.  You choose to work for someone who chooses
to use inadequate Microsoft software, and you brandish these choices as
an excuse to interfere with somene's free speech.
Wallace hired some people who are very good (and you know how seldom I
characterize someone as being very good).  I'm fairly confident that
they will withstand whatever attacks these half-brained wannabe hackers
and anti-free-speech hooligans can invent.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-10 07:30:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New admin crypto policy 
Let's have Cocksucker John Gilmore unsubscrive them from this mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-10 08:46:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: El Gamal 
Okidata is competing with Sameer?
After failing as an ISP and as a web server vendor, Sameer decided
to switch to peddling printers?
Or is Sameer diversifying into Usenet newsreaders with no killfiles?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-10 22:47:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! 
[Quoting Timmy May]
Everybody in that building was somehow affiliated with the gubmint.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-10 22:50:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Certified primes 
I don't see either the ASCII art of Grham-John's responses to it.
Likewise I see almost no UCE.
I use filters.
Graham-John chooses not to use filters.
Graham-John wants to limit other people's freedom to read what they
choose to read to accommodate his inadequate choice of tools.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-10 22:52:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
Ray Arachelian is a terrorist who publicly advocates criminal hacking.
Please e-mail your comments to jack at earthweb.com.
[Timmy C... May]
There's no question that Timmy and Ray are ideological allies.
Suppose the request is phrased, "Please refrain from posting to soc.motss
in the future". Should a "decent human being" honor it?
Suppose the request is phrased, "Please refrain from posting to Usenet
in the future", without specifying the newsgroup.
Of course, Timmy May, unlike many other people, did not object when Cocksucker
John Gilmore unsubscribed me from this list (even posted a blurb in Gilmore's
support claiming that I was removed for "volume", not "content", apparently
in reference to Gilmore's lies that I was sending "50 articles/day" and
"megabytes" - both of which are outright lies).
Of course Timmy May didn't utter a word when the plan to "moderate" this
mailing list by a C2Net shill was being discussed.
Therefore is feeble attempt tp speak up in defense of someone's free speech
is insincere and hypocritical.
A decent person can filter them out, like I do.
The attempts by net.terrorists like Ray Arachelian&co to silence Wallace are
no different from the attempts by C2Net to silence me, or the attempts by
the Nazi German government to silence the Radikal, or the atttempts by
the Burmese government to silence its opposition. Only an ignorant hypocrite
like Timmy May can argue that because a particular gang of thugs calls
itself "gubmint", its form of censorship is somehow more or less benign
than private censorship enforced via terrorist acts.
I'm very glad that the Turks retaliated against Armenians in 1915 -
it's too bad they didn't get Ray Arachelian's criminal grandparents.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-11 01:23:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! 
Wrong-o - I ain't done for shit for the U.S. gubmint since the Reagan
presidency or so.  You know better about Timmy May.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-11 01:45:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
I would generalize this statement: the vast majority of U.S. blacks
(whether the inner city parasites or the parasites employed by the
federal/state/local gubmints) extremely hate all successful immigrants,
whether orientals or Russian Jews. So do many non-black Americans.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-11 01:50:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
And if they come up with a technical solution, it'll advance the state
of the art and generally make the net a better place.
Just be prepared for an FBI visit in response to Wallace's complaint
- make sure your entire child pornography / bomb making recipe collection
is securely encrypted.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-11 01:52:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! 
Why go so far back?  How many civilians were murdered by the U.S. gubmint
in Korea, in Viet Nam, in Panama, in Iraq?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-11 23:29:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
Of the lot, I don't mind seeing Lucky G. and Sameer P. nuked.
I'd hope that Duncan F. and Declan M. happen to be travelling,
but the end result is worth it. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-11 23:31:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
A good friend of mine used to be a gun-toting Black Panther in the days
of his youth.  Now he figured the U.S. ain't worth it and lives in the
By the way, here's a good idea for a cypherpunks project: use Adam's
prototype eternity server to place some bomb-making instrctions all
over the Web and Usenet.
Does anyone here know chemistry, besides Jim Bell, who's busy? Someone
should update the Anarchist's Cookbook.
I bet the NCSA folks are kicking themselves for missing the opportunity
to have Jim Bell speak at InfoWarCon 96 :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-13 13:05:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
I didn't do it. :-)
If I were to bet, I'd bet that Tel Aviv would be the first target, before
any U.S. city. (I'm not saying it's good or bad, I just think that's more
likely to happen.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-13 13:11:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
Rick also walks in the rain without an ubmbrella and fucks without a condom.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-14 12:21:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: War & InfoWar 
Unlike government employee parasites, whores do something for a living.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-14 23:43:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Inducement of Rapid Oxidation of Certain Materials in or Near Government 
And myself.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-14 23:47:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... (fwd) 
Homosexuals who go "cruising" (picking up strangers in order to have sex
with them) often get hurt or killed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-15 10:09:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Enough of this shit already! 
Good. People who can't set up a mail filter don't belong on a technical list.
It should be posted, but perhaps not on this list. bombpunks?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-15 20:35:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Pedophile Russ Allberry continues to flame Steve Boursy 
Well - if you want to say you heard that he's a child molester or that he
sounds like one, no decent ISP will have a problem. :-)
I think it would be fun to get Russ back on this list.
Great - is he or isn't he the same person as skalisch at crl??
Maybe we should get Tim Skirvin on this list. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-16 21:26:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Why care?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-17 02:24:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: eternity-lite & cancel msgs 
The vast majority of cancels in the "control" newsgroup are the so-called
"third party cancels" (a.k.a. forgeries).
In the U.S. many major ISPs like America Online and Earthlink are ignoring
cancels outright.  It's easy - start the latest version of INN with the
-C flag, or apply Dave Hayes's patches at Quite a few, I might add.  The only reason why Demon processes cancels is
that Ade Lovett is a homosexual who wants to be able to censor "homophobic"
Usenet articles. :-)
Forging cancels is easy -- see the cancelbot I posted last year.
Correct: none of the 3 major archival services (dejanews, altavista,
reference.com) delte articles based on cancel or supersedes once they
receive them.
However an author can explicitly ask dejanews to delete his articles.
All 3 now don't archive articles that say 'X-No-Archive: yes'.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-17 08:31:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dan White & Feinstein 
Yes - Armenians are censorous scum.  I'm sorry the Turks didn't get
Ray Arachelian's grandparents.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-17 23:42:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Martin Hannigan Pervert Pedophile 
The ISP cannot determine that a particular patterns of 1's and 0's
constitutes a "death threat" and/or a "copyright violation".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-17 23:49:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Inducement of Rapid Oxidation of Certain Materials.... 
This reminds me how I used to be consulting for a publisher, and came
across an MS (which never got published) written by some Mongol about
the history of Mongol conquests. It had a passage to the effect that,
"X-khan should have put down this rebellion and killed a million
people, like his predecessors would have. But he was soft, and this
caused the empire to collapse."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:27:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: From the orphan folder 
Sometimes one finds amazing stuff in the orphan folder.
What the heck is "industry.dm.com"?  All the boxes in
the dm.com domain have Russian names. Must be a typo.
Moral: use PGP.
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from [139.57.65.3] by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA06518 for tartar at industry.dm.com; Fri, 16 May 97 16:15:33 -0400
Received: from [139.57.144.207] by spartan.ac.BrockU.CA via SMTP (951211.SGI.8.6.12.PATCH1042/951211.SGI)

@_date: 1997-05-19 21:12:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Jim Bell goes to Jail--We should avoid raidable, physical meeting 
The physical meetings I've been to were not worth the trip.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-19 21:17:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mail bombs from "helpful" Cypherpunks 
Idiot - why would I want to do that?
Idiot - tell your POP client not to download files > certain size.
Idiot - get your shell account back.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-20 01:37:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Need some info... 
is this going to be in NYC?  Can I come and listen?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-20 07:59:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Jim Bell goes to Jail! 
I recently came across a very similar incident on the Usenet newsgroup
alt.smokers.cigars.  (Disclaimer: I don't smoke, at least not cigars.)
In a nutshell, some business person came across this (pretty active)
newsgroup (he was not around when it was newgrouped and became pretty
active), declared it its property, and began to retromoderate it (i.e.
forge cancels for any traffic he didn't like).  He kept claiming that
he is some kind of "Usenet Administrator with Full Access". A couple
of searches in DejaNews will turn up plenty of amazing responses from
the regulars in the newsgroups bending over and baaing, "We're not
questioing Bob's authority as a Usenet Administrator, nor the way he
chooses to fuck us over..." Recommended reading.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-21 15:38:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: encryption laws (fwd) 
Yes - the 5th Amendment is useless like all the other consitutional "rights".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-21 19:04:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! 
Fuck you, Kent.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-22 20:17:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hey, what does this mean? 
That's good.  I would never guess from his list traffic.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:50:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Jim Bell accused of "spamming" 
I find it symptomatic that the enemies of free speech use "spam" as a generic
term for any kind of speech they don't like.
I don't think the following piece needs much commentary, but it probably will.
Path: altavista!news1.digital.com!uunet!in1.uu.net!192.108.254.3!news.teleport
Newsgroups: or.politics,wash.politics,alt.rush-limbaugh,alt.fan.tom-leykis
Organization: Teleport - Portland's Public Access (503) 220-1016
Lines: 155
NNTP-Posting-Host: kelly.teleport.com
Xref: altavista or.politics:25633 alt.rush-limbaugh:79911 alt.fan.tom-leykis:5
Government affidavit says an Internet author plotted to sabotage an
Oregon 9-1-1 computer and poison city water with botulism. VANCOUVER, Wash.- Is there any truth to the rumour that Assassination
Politics (AP) author Jim Bell, who was arrested here Friday by the
Internal Revenue Service, plotted with Portland, Oregon 9-1-1 overseer
Greg Daly to poison the Bull Run resevoir with botulism made from green
beans, and shut down the 9-1-1 emergency center's computers by dumping
carbon fibers into the air vents?
The IRS is accusing Vancouver resident James Dalton Bell, 38, of
conspiring to overthrow the U.S. government. He appeared Monday afternoon
in U.S. Distict Court in Tacoma and was accused in an 18-page affidavit.
AP is a Murder Inc. like plot about a risk-free way of rewarding assassins
through a lottery. Bell was seen frequenting local Libertarian functions and a so-called
common law court. The murder conspiracy was applauded by some high ranking
The plot has circulated widely on the Internet. An April search
warrant accused Bell of directly soliciting others to murder. AP would
supposedly protect the identity of the murderers. The strategy, which Bell says he wrote and posted solely for speculation, involves uses of encryption to predict and confirm assassinations and electronic digital cash to pay for the gruesome killings. Criticism of AP predicted a reign of anarchy and terror should the plan be
allowed to develop. Bell responded to criticism personally and with
Federal agents raided Bell's Vancouver home April 1 and then accused him
of obstructing government officers, and employees, and using false Social
Security numbers. Bell is far more dangerous than the charges suggest, the
affidavit filed by IRS Inspector Phillip G. Scoff said.
Scott's affidavit said Bell, who has a chemistry degree from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, had discussions about using carbon
fiber particles to attack computer systems with Greg Daly, a friend who is
an electronics specialist overseeing Portland's 9-1-1 communications
center. "Daly stated that he and Bell had 'laughed' about attacking the 9-1-1 center with the fiber," the affidavit said.
The affidavit went on to say that Daly also told IRS agents that he had hypothetical discussions with Bell about contaminating water supplies and about making the botulism virus from green beans. In the April 17 and 18 intertiews with IRS agents, Daly admitted he
had keys to Portland's pristine alpine watershed and direct access to the Portland water treatment facilities.
Daly tried to defend himself Monday by saying that the conversations he
and Bell had were "merely intellectual fun-and-games discussions" between
old friends who enjoy technical things. But Daly also described his friend of 15 years as  "bit of an odd unit".
And during the interview Daly appeared to crack and turn state's evidence when Daly offered to "rat (Bell) out in a heartbeat."
The investigation had been expanding Thursday when IRS agents searched the
home of another friend of Bell's, merchant marine radio man Robert East.
Among items seized in the East address raid was a three foot length of
carbon fiber. The IRS affidavit reported that East told agents he and Bell had discussed "the possibility of putting the fibers down the air vents of a federal building" to its computers and about using the fiber against the IRS.
Bell was recently published in The Oregonian daily newspaper where he
appeared to avoid an explanation of his plan, writing mostly of what he
predicted would be AP's positive impact. Bell did not say in the article how exactly AP would be implemented, who
could be killed by it or even why it was called Assassination Politics.
But the Internet version, repetively posted for more than a year on libertarian e-mail lists and newsgroups, revealed a darker vision. Some recipients of Bell's complained of the excessive "spamming", others of AP's ethical lapses.
The Oregonian seemed to accept Bell's story without question, and Bell's
idea was defended by some Libertarians. Responding to the arrest, Tonie Nathan, the first woman and only
Libertarian to receive an electoral vote for Vice President, appeared to
endorse Bell's assassination plan. "I find them basically rational, mind-opening, intellectually
stimulating," she wrote Tuesday. She went on to say that AP "should be
considered." Found inside what the IRS reports was Bell's car were documents from the
Multnomah County Common Law Court (MCCLC), a group that elects themselves
the case judges and purports to administer "common law." Bell was seen at a court meeting held in a Portland pizza parlour back in
February. Bell has denied ownership of the car. The self-appointed court met in an all-you-can-eat buffet where it put
Attorney General Janet Reno, IRS Commisssioner Margaret Richardson and
other IRS officials on trial. The mock trial was the result of a complaint by Oregon resident Louis
Wispell, one of the MCCLC "Justices." It has been observed in this "court"  that complainants can select their
judges from the buffet line, some who confessed to stealing food, having
snuck past the cashier on the pretense of being on the camera crew. The judges have also been observed to switch places with complainants in
other meetings of the MCCLC in trhe basement of a Russian church.
The MCCLC has recently been in the news in regards to charges of its
clerk, Richard Lancial, and his son, Thor Lancial, of simulating court
process. Charles Bruce Stewart is the Chief Justice of that court and also the
owner of an e-mail list, nwlibertarians at teleport.com, on which Bell posted
much of his material.
Stewart insists his court is constitutional.
The IRS says Bell has a history of tax disputes with them and reportedly
has a large, outstanding, unpaid balance. Friday was set for Bell's detention and preliminary hearing. The
government has asked that Bell be held without ball because he is a danger
to the community, and reportedly is seeking a grand Jury indictment.                          From your friend,
                         Your best friend,
                         Your only friend,
                            Jack Hammer
                                 ;-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-24 21:05:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: System Attack & FBI (fwd) 
The cracker installed Stronghold[tm] on Jim's system?  How despicable!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-27 07:27:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nym Servers 
Stanford Wallace is doing an excellent job hosting "unpopular"
Internet features which the politically correct scum (like the
cocksucker John Gilmore) sought to censor - like It's pricey, but it sounds like a nearly ideal site for remailers,
nym sevrers, and the like.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-27 09:48:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nym Servers 
It's not "a lot" of sites - most of them are just making stupid noises.
Also, if a site does try to decide what its users are allowed to read,
it's too bad for the users - let them move to another site.
It might be a good site for an anon.penet.fi-like server (yes, I keep
promising to do something...)
I believe it's something like $25/month, not including $100 to InterNIC.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-29 23:50:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: motherboards with multiple CPUs 
Please refrain from posting such off-topic messages to this mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-05-30 12:33:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anonymizer upgrades 
Just what is your affiliation with C2Net, boy?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 01:24:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Nope.  More free market in the economies, but very bad record on
political freedoms in most eastern european countries + former
soviet republics
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 01:27:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Of course, the "anti-spamming" laws will also be used to suppress the
"politically incorrect" speech.  Recall that Jim Bell has already been
accused of "spamming", in addition to other crimes.
Those who follow the Usenet newsgroup alt.conspiracy may have observed
a recent trend: someone posts an anti-Clinton rant.  An unknown "rogue
retromoderator" forges a cancel for it. (Given how quickly forged "spam"
gets tracked down, it's amazing how no one ever catches these pesky "rogue
cancellers".) The author reposts the original rant. This repeats a few
times, after which Chris Lewis of BNA/Nortel kicks in and starts
issuing cancels for the rant, and any articler quoting the rant,
because it's been reposted too many times already, making it "spam".
Compare this with the CBS 60 minutes story about a month ago, about
how bad people are allowed to tell lies about the U.S. government on
the Internet, and how there ought to be a law against it.
A promiscous e-mail box that assumes that strangers have something interesting
to say is quickly becoming obsolete.
A possible solution is to set up a procmail recipet that would dump all
incoming e-mail from unrecognized correspondents into a separate folder, which
one could examine at leasure once a week.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 03:33:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Bible Code 
But John Gilmore is surely a cocksucker.
I've met Rips, who's supposedly behind this "bible code" nonsense.
He's an asshole, and I dismiss anything he says as total bullshit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 04:54:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
It amuses me to hear this from the ignoramus who preaches that there's
no need for Americans to learn foreign languages.
It also reminds of a recent case when Spanish-speaking nurses were
disciplined for speaking Spanish in the presense of their supervisor
who didn't understand it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 04:58:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
This law is unenforceable.  If you want to rent porn videos and you have
some brains (the two may be mutually exclusive...) you'd pay cash and
make the transaction totally anonymous.
Should there also be a law against grocers keeping track of who's buying what?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 05:01:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
We're talking about different things, Declan.  Learn to read.
I reposted someone's Usenet article whose author accused Jim of "spamming
the net" with his AP essay.  That's separate from his criminal charges.
If "spamming" were a crime, he'd probably be charged with that too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-06-01 08:12:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
The only "political prisoners" are in the USSR and the like.
To imply that there can be "political prisoners" in the enlightened
United States of America constitutes Seditious Spam, a felony.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-12 08:57:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Content controls 
About 15 years ago I was trying to break the code in some software
distributed by some Canadian folks... (It was cheap to buy, and
I was doing it for fun.) Basically, every customer's executables
were almost completely different because they were encrypted with
a totally different key and decrypted at runtime.  The trick was to
disassemble the decryption code and to compare the decryption
results from two copies to see where the customer name was embedded.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-12 09:01:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
No, thanks.
(I think Detweiler is cool, but I wouldn't want to be in any club with
either Hettiga or Crispin :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-12 14:03:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Bzzt!  Armenians killed 2 million Moslems under the tzars.
In 1918, the borders of the newly independent state of the Ukraine were defined
by the occupying Germans as "the farthest the German army reached East", which
is how borders were often defined historically, but then Stalin pretended that
it had something to do with an "ethnic" Uke republic.
I suggest you look up a standard reference, like the CIA world book, before
trying to show off your phoney expertise and looking like an ignorant fool.
Almost half of Kazakhstan's population are Russians and Ukrainians (many
of them moved there after Kazakhstan's borders were drawn). They're not
shooting right now, although there has been occasional interethnic violence
already (aimed not at Russians, but at some of the ethnic minorities that
Stalin forcibly exciled to Kazakhstan after WWI). "Homogeneous" my ass.
They're certain to have either a civil war (if the Slavs want to rejoin
Russia and the Moslems want an Islamic state) or have a real shooting war
with one or more neighbors over the Caspian oil within 30 years.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-12 15:24:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Here Come De' UN Train... / Re: UN Conference - Limits on Interne 
Congratulations.  Here's a virtual cigar.
C2Net are the bad guys.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-13 19:33:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Minor Language Note 
We all know what the "C." in "Timmy C. May" stands for...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-15 01:46:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Navajo Code Talkers 
They could try.  The Communist government of Mongolia couldn't come up
with any information worth classifying, so they made the locations of
the dinosaur bones (plentiful there) secret and even executed some locals
for "spying" (revealing to white devils where to dig for dinosaur bones).
Why is this any more silly than "classifying" the A-bomb recipes or
forbidding a college professor to explain crypto in his classroom?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-15 10:28:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Timmy's not funny.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-15 10:30:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: This judge needs killing 
Don't forget C2Net emplpoyess "Lucky Green" and Greg Broils spreading lies
about their employer's censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-16 01:46:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
A company that lets a moron like you make business decision deserves
to go under.
Just "almost all" are.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-16 01:56:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
I've consulted for lots of weird people, from Baha'i to Serbs to Black
Panthers, but I'd be reluctant to knowingly work for any Japs because Japs are
onboxious and dishonest and I don't like them. I used to work with a guy who
did a lot of work for AUM, who I think did a good job, but should have gassed
many more Japs. I'm further convinced that Japs are shit by their postings to
this list. It's such a pity the Jap cowards capitulated before Truman had a
chance to drop a few dozen more nukes on them! We also shoud have used poison
gas on them, just like they used it on Chinese civilians. We also should have
executed all of their POWs, just like they tortured to death most of European
POWs. The Japs got off way too easy for their crimes in WW2. Why wasn't your
silly little Emperor Hirohito (spit) hanged with the other war criminals? Now
the Japs are hoarding up all the available plutonium, obviously preparing to
nuke China and other neighbors (and possibly U.S.) in a likely future war.
By the way, someone I know in real life claims that they've seen the "Silicon
Valley don't hire list" and I really am on it. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-16 01:57:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gieger dies in poverty...not! 
(also bcc'd Philip Stromer in case he cares to comment :-)
I generally agree, except that if you're trying to determine in a big hurry if
a potential contractor is worth hiring, and you become aware that s/he exhibits
a trait that you believe is corelated with being a mentally retarded sociopath
(e.g., is a Klintonista or (a guy) wears a pair of earrings to an interview),
then you should proceed to the next candidate.
But then some of the other folks working there will likely start looking for
other jobs... and it's damn hard to find good people, be it in NYC or in the
Silicon Valley - harder than to find a job. :-)
Ever since Sun Micro fired Philip Stromer for posting "homophobic" jokes to
Usenet, I've done what I could to hurt their sales. I estimate the value of
sales where Sun boxes were considered, I asked that no Suns be bought, and
other boxes (HPs etc) were purchased, to be about $60MM. (Of course, my inputs
were almost never pivotal, but I made my opinion known.) I also boycott
their software.
It's a pity Whit Diffie works for a company that fires people for posting
"homophobic" jokes to Usenet.

@_date: 1997-11-16 13:12:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Email Interception Information 
This sounds like a pedophile address.  The RCMP should check it out for
kiddie porn and bomb- and poison gas making instructions.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-16 23:56:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism 
Blanc, you're not getting it.
In the Klintonista kriminal kode, calling someone a "nigger" or even thinking
that some aspects of the "african-american kulture" (drug use, illegitimacy,
violence, unwillingness to work) are "inferior" are far worse krimes than
when a representatives of said kulture takes away your property (at gunpoint
or via taxation/welfare/wealth redistribution). When a black man kills a
white man for calling the black man "nigger", it's justifiable homicide.
Just having racist thoughts, let alone expessing them, is equivalent to
extreme violence. Remember the student who got suspended for a semester
for laughing while singing "We shall overcome"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 03:07:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism 
Are you calling me a Timmy May toady, Kent?  What have you been smoking?
I will fight for Timmy's freedom of speech even though I think he knows
very little about modern cryptography.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 03:07:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Policeman Inside 
And the U.S. too.  Death to the fascists!  Nuke Washington, DC!!!!1!1!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 03:12:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Exporting crypto from Japan : Was Tim May's offensive racism 
[alleging that Jap MITI ministry is in violation of Japs' own laws]
So, an American company should seek redress in Jap courts against a branch
of the Jap gubmint violating Japs' own laws?  Bwa-ha-ha-ha!!!!1!1!!
Tell that to the American suckers who bought some Jap stock and tried to
attend Jap stockholder meetings and asked Jap courts to protect their
property rights as stockholders.  Do you remember that one, Ito-san?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 04:53:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Please not to use the term 
Russian roulette was invented by the Russian poem Lermontov, who
also had some unkind things to say abotu Armenians (sorry, Ray).
What about "Russian leather" and "black Russian"?
"Please not to use Russian leather when binding books".
Or is it, "Please to use, but to call something vegetarian."
Russians also invented baseball (called "lapta" in Russian).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 07:19:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Politically Correct Riding Hood 
This is the first story in a very funny little book called _Politically Correct
Bedtime Stories: Modern Tales for Our Life & Times_ by james Finn Garner,
Macmillann, ISBN 0-02-542730-X, *** (C) 1994 by James Finn Garner ***.
I also have his _Once Upon a More Enlightened Time: More Politically Correct
Bedtime Stories_, Macmillan, ISBN 0-02-860419-9.  Both highly recommended.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 11:35:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Apologies to Joichi Ito 
Too much rice no good for the brain.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 14:04:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Net.scum like Ito-San try to get people fired from their jobs because of
what they say on the Internet.  Nuke the Yellow Peril (again)!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 21:19:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Exporting crypto from Japan 
This reminds me how I once did a project on a distinguished gentleman named
Jakubaitis. Is he still alive? Oh wait, he's in another country now. :-)
Yes, I think many people would be interested to see prices/availability,
please post them.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 21:21:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Joichi Ito's reputation as a pedophile (Was: Exporting child pornography from Japan) 
"Honest"?  Bwa-ha-ha!
This "journalist" (a colleague of the pathological liar Charlie Platt)
probably writes pornographic for Jap X-rated rags.
Learn some English, asshole.
Ito-san's repuatation is that of a pedophile.  Japs don't export crypto
(that would upset the NSA) but they do export pictures of little Jap girls
being sexually molested.  Is Ito-san one of the major exporters of child
pornography from Japan, or is he one of the male models in those pictures?
Nuke the Yellow Peril (again)

@_date: 1997-11-17 21:54:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Politically Correct Riding Hood 
I only looked at the _first few paragraphs.
Is there any stego meaning to the variations from the printed version? :-)
"Nuke the Yellow Peril (again).  Castrate the reputed pedophile Joichi Ito."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 21:55:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Exporting crypto from Japan 
I further bet that Ito-san will offer the same for $40, AND will bundle
in JPEG pictures of himself fucking a herd 14-year-old Jap schoolgirls.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-17 21:56:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Hey Punk!! 
^^^^         ^^^^^^^
            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Note the risks of sending passwords in cleartext and fucking up the
e-mail addresses so they end up in my orphan mailbox. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-18 11:54:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Reputed child molester Joichi Ito exporting kiddie porn from Japan 
Because Ito-san is a lying sack of shit. "I support crypto, although
not for the four horsemen." "My country will export pornography involving
underage schoolgirls, but not the RSA chip." "Politically incorrect racists
must be silenced". Fuck you, Ito-sun. Go suck a sashimi.

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:02:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Exporting crypto from Japan 
Adam Back gets LOTS of respect from me.  He's exremely kewl.
Since I obviously have a little more time right now than usual, I
wrote a prototype "Stalingrad" exploit last weekend (for Winsock -
a Unix version shouldn't be too far away).  Anyone wants to test it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-19 20:24:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Idea to Generate Random Numbers 
I've got a lava lamp as well as a wave machine.  I have grave doubts that
they're very random.  I think I see recurring patterns, making the bit
stream somewhat predictable.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-19 21:47:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [cpe:4707] Re: Exporting crypto from Japan 
Once again, Ito-san demonstrates that he's an ignorant uneducated buffoon,
on par with the pathologial liar Charlie Platt.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:45:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Nothing. Timmy C[...] May has exposed himself once again as a statist scum no
different from the reputed Jap pedophile Hirochi "no crypto for the four
politically incorrect horsepersons" Ito, geodesic baron Hettiga and the
jackbooted Nazi KKKent KKKrispin[1]. National borders are an artifact of a
state and must be destroyed together with the state. What makes Timmy any more
"legal" in California than some poor slob who was born a few hundred miles
south? People should be free to live where they want to / can afford to.
[1] Sandia means watermelon in Spanish.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:33:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Search engines and https 
Try C2net's shysters?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:34:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Rep. Smith on Lifting Crypto Export Ban 
Is this the same Smith who's been pushing the "anti-Zionist" amendment?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 01:55:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nonookie Masturbatshi beats Dimitri's time with the 'babes'... 
The reputed Jap pedophile Hoichi "no clypto fo fo politically incollect
lacist holsemen" Ito must have an impressive collection of JPEG pornographic
pictures of underage Jap girls.  Yes, the Japs are happy to export child
porn, but not clypto. Why do your countrymen find one more irregar than the
other, Ito-san? The same reputed pedophile Ito also advocated allowing
gubmints to outlaw the possession and manufactyure of certain chemicals
and plants - what an asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 01:56:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Subliminal Algebra-Seinfield Conspiracy 
I don't watch much TV, especially comedies. However I accidentally saw a
bit of "Seinfield" the other day and was surprise to note that they picture
Tom's restaurant, on 112th and Broadway.  I worked for 7 years upstairs
from that restaurant in a very secret organization.  I'm socked they even
show that building on TV. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 01:56:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: And made to write bad checks... 
But woudn't some of them enjoy it?
Anyway, I'm aways glad to see a country take up arms against faggots.
Didn't somebody report discovering a strong correlation between homosexuality
and some anatomical brain abnormality? If it's easy to detect, homos can be
identified and killed early in life. Perhaps even foetuses can be screened
for the telltale homosexual abnormalities in the brain and aborted.
See  for more details.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 01:58:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Alternative Apology 
How can you tell that a neighborhood's been infested by Japs?
A sign at the dog pound says: "We do not accept food stamps".
What's the happiest day of the year for Jap women?
Election day.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 02:05:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
I mentioned in a private e-mail to Igor that the though of "10 years w/o
correspondence" occured to me too.  That what a great-grandfather of mine
got.  As for DARE, it reminds me of the great Soviet hero - Pavlik (Paul)
Morozov, a 13-year-old boy who grew up in a small village in the northern
Ural mountains. One day the Soviets decided to force all the peasants to
join a collective farm by confiscating their food and causing an artificial
famine[1]. Pavlik's father buried some grain hoping to feed hid family.
Pavlik squealed on his father, who was shot. Pavlik's grandfather later
killed Pavlik with an axe. The Soviets then shot the grandfather and
a bunch of other villagers, and made Pavlik a great hero worthy of
emulation by all Soviet children.
[1] Interesting enough, anyone in the U.S. who expressed the opinion in
the 1930's that there's a famine going on in Russia, or that the public
confessions made at the show trials might be questionable, was branded
a fascist by the new York Times crowd and was likely to lose his job.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 07:42:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
I recall reading "The book of lists" by Wallechinski/Wallace (sorry, I
threw it out and no longer have the exact reference).  One of the categories
was "10 biggest U.S. media deceptions".  Wallace claimed that the Hearst
organization manufactured the news of the artificial famine in the 1930s
and used the pictures from the tzarist era famines.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 07:42:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tampa Pirate Radio Stations Silenced 
Authorities are correct. I use my equipment to advocate destroying all gubmints
and killing all politicians and authorities.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 07:45:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clinton Sells Arlington Burials 
Having zero respect for the military and all that goes with it, I fail
to see what the big deal is.  So he charges money for a burial plot...
Next he may be charging money for giving his contributors the purple
heart or the congressional medal of honor.  Bill is a political prostitute,
but by putting up for sale the worthless shit that the military would
want kids to die for he's doing a Good Thing.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 13:23:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (No Subject) 
I looked up this verse and it sounds more like coitus interruptus than
masturbation.  Onan fucked his sister-in-law, didn't want to knock her up,
so he let his seed spoll on the ground.  For this waste of sperm god
struck Onan dead.  What a fucking asshole.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 13:31:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clinton Sells Arlington Burials (fwd) 
You moron, the Americans who died while fighting in Korea, Vietnam,
Panama, Grenada (did any Americans die there?), Haiti, Iraq, etc were
fighting for an evil cause. It's a pity they died, but I've been rooting
for VC. Going back a few years, I have no sympathy for the Americans
who died fighting for the North in the Civil war, or fighting Spain
over the Philippines, or fighting the Philippine freedom fighters,
or exterminating the Indians.  There's no glory in the military.
Clinton is doing a Good Thing by whoring off the plots.
By the way, have the names of the Clinton supporters who bought
the plots been published?  I wonder if that Chinese guy was among them.
How much are the plots anyway?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-23 16:36:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
Your influence as a voter?  Bwa-ha-ha-ha-ha!!!!1!!!
When you contribute voluntarily, you can choose to contribute elsewhere
if you think your contributions are misused (like I use my charitable
deduction to the max, but I don't give to the united way and urge
others not to :-). You don't have a choice about paying taxes to
pay for the horrible public schools / socialized medicine and your
influence as a voter ain't worth shit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 00:19:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
I have great respect for Detweiller.  LD is kewl.  You're no Detweiller,
Bobby, and neither is Timmy.
I agree with Timmy on this one. Your fixation on Timmy is unnatural.
Proof, please.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 00:20:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Junior Jim Bells in Training 
This reminds me of a very unpleasant person named Peter Vorobieff
who pissed me off and subsequently posted numerous Usenet articles
detailing how he hates Jews and wants to help the Arabs get the
a-bomb and to poison Israeli water supply with radioactive isotopes.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 00:22:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
Let's take an inventory of what Tiny Timmy can contribute to our cause:
* capital
* ability to spec out projects and figure out what needs to be done
He lacks:
* time
* C coding skills
* understanding of non-RSA cryptography (such as elliptic curves)
Here's an idea. Suppose you want a certain program to be written and
made available for free.  Spec out the design and offer to pay a few
thousand dollars for someone to code it and post it.
Put your money where your mouth it, Tiny Timmy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 00:51:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Copyrights and Wrongs, from The Netly News 
Nizkor are criminals in many other ways as well.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 04:01:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Influence as a voter 
Since that time, the news.groups voting process has become even more corrupt.
When the skirvins and the isleys want to pass (or not pass) a newsgroup,
they just make up votes from nonexistant addresses as needed.
I'm sure if it weren't for my YES vote, the UVV would have forged a YES
vote from someone else.  In fact, I have a strong suspicion that the UVV
either made up or discarded some YES votes to make it look like the
proposal passed by a single vote.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 04:39:42
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Subliminal Algebra-Seinfield Conspiracy 
Columbia University's campus map shows it as the 'Armstrong Building'.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 08:28:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Mondex help needed 
Your asshole employer, C2Net, must be on the verge of bankrupcy if they
can't afford to get this shit for you and you have to beg on mailing lists.
Don't you just haye Internet panhanders: "I'm a poor student, please send
me a few dollars..." "I work for c2net, please send me a magnetic stripe
reader..." How pathetic.
When are you having a "going out of business" sale?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 14:43:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
While I have no love for the japs, I mus point out in all fairness that
FDR was attacking them on all fronts for years: 1) stopping the japs
from immigrating into the us, 2) cutting off their supplies of raw
materials (and therefore pushing the japs to conquer the territories
that would assure the supply). In particular, right before the japs
attacked pearl harbor, the US embargoed oil shipments to the japs.
The japs had said previously that they'd consider such an embargo
as a declaration of war. In particular, their line about p.h. was
that it wasn't a "sulplise attack", and that the US had previously
declared war on the japs by imposing the embargo.
My recollection is that Hitler's generla staff was busily designing the
plans for invading the US, to be implemented after he  was done with
the GB and the USSR. They involved invading via his latin american
allies (notably mexico) and possibly canada. However there was no
way to sell the war against germany to the american public, except
as part of a package deal with the war on japs.
Hitler probably made a mistake by attacking the USSR before he was finished
with the GB.  On the other hand, there's good evidence that Stalin was
hoping to attack Germany in the summer of 1941 while it was busy invading
the british isles. He made another mistake by pissing off the population,
which initially was very supportive of him, viewing him as the liberator
from the communists.
By the way, the Nazis and the Japs were never very close. Recall that the
japs became friendly with the soviets after several skirmishes in the 1930's;
the japs never joined hitler in his attack on the USSR (which would have
surely fallen had they attacked from the east); and the soviets kept trading
with the japs (at war with their british and us allies) all the way until 1945,
when they finally attacked the japs.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-24 14:51:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
Now who's displaying an unnatural obsession?
I suggest cyanide.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-26 21:30:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Databasix gang (Paul Pomes @ Qualcomm) is now harrassing the bureau42 remailer 
Paul Pomes is one of the least intelligent members of the Databasix gang.
He's been harrassing Jeff B.'s upstreams and employers with false complaints
at the same time Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryant, and the rest of the Databasix
gang did, eventually killing the huge cajones remailer. Now they're after
on bureau42. For some reason Pomes slipped and cc'd me one his false complaints
(even though he was ordered not to send me any more e-mail). I ask everyone to
 a) complain about Paul Pomes to Qualcomm, his employer
 b) discuss what we can do to protect bureau42 from Databasix harrassment
Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1])
Organization: Qualcomm, Inc.
Content-Id: <10385.880512741.1 at zelkova.qualcomm.com>
Sender: ppomes at Qualcomm.com
A mis-edit of my killfile let the following gem from Dimi Vulis through. FYI
------- Forwarded Message
Return-Path: owner-cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
Received: from warlock.qualcomm.com (warlock.qualcomm.com [129.46.52.129])
Received: from moria.qualcomm.com (qualcomm.com [192.35.156.11]) by warlock.qualcomm.com (8.8.5/1.4/8.7.2/1.13) with ESMTP id SAA19074 for ; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 18:35:25 -0800 (PST)
Received: from sirius.infonex.com (sirius.infonex.com [206.170.114.2]) by moria.qualcomm.com  with ESMTP id SAA19347 for ; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 18:36:21 -0800 (PST)
Received: (from majordom at localhost) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.7.3) id LAA07735 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 11:56:04 -0800 (PST)
Received: (from cpunks at localhost) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.7.3) id LAA07459 for cypherpunks at infonex.com; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 11:54:18 -0800 (PST)
Received: from rigel.cyberpass.net (root at rigel.infonex.com [206.170.114.3]) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.7.3) with ESMTP id LAA07440 for ; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 11:52:56 -0800 (PST)
Received: from toad.com (toad.com [140.174.2.1]) by rigel.cyberpass.net (8.8.8/8.7.3) with ESMTP id LAA10626 for ; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 11:48:59 -0800 (PST)
Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id LAA03665 for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 11:43:02 -0800 (PST)
Received: from corsica.shorelink.com (mail at corsica.shorelink.com [207.155.180.7]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id LAA03660 for ; Tue, 25 Nov 1997 11:43:00 -0800 (PST)
Received: from uucp by corsica.shorelink.com with local-rmail (Exim 1.62 Received: (from remailer at localhost)
Comments: This message did not originate from the Sender address above.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: bureau42 Anonymous Remailer X-List: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
X-Loop: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
Content-Length: 206
May Timothy C[ocksucker] Maya's forgeries
get stuck up his ass so he'll have to
shit through his filthy mouth for the
rest of its miserable life.
 /~~~\
{-O^O-} Timothy C[ocksucker] Maya
 \ o /
  (-)
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-11-27 14:04:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
This has little crypto relevance (unless someone drags in the fact that
some of the important ww2 naval battles were won by the us because they
broke jap codes).
In 1904/5 (what's a couple of years between punks) the japs beat the shit out
of the tzar, not Stalin, because of the tzarist army's supreme incompetence,
and also because of severe internal unrest in Russia (general strikes and
uprisings everywhere).
Prior to that, the japs effectively beat Russia in 1875(?). You may recall
that prior to the meiji revolution, the japs considered hokkaido a foreign
territory; there were no japs living there, and any jap who ventured there
was supposed to be put to death. Hokkaido, Sakhalin, and the Kuril islands
were inhabited by the Ainus (most of whom were baptized by Russian Orthodox
missionaries in 18th century), and a few cossack settlers and missionaries
from alaska. After the meiji revolution, the japs invaded Hokkaido and
massacred the ainus and the cossacks. In 1875 they told the Russians that
they consider all of {Hokkaido, Kurils, Sakhalin} to be a part of Japan and
not a "foreign land forbidden to japs". In order to avoid a war, the Russians
bent over and let the japs have Hokkaido and some of the Kurils, but held on
to Sakhalin and the northern Kurils.
By the treaty of Portsmouth in 1905, Russia further ceded to Japan the rest
of the Kurils, half of Sakhalin (south of the 50th parallel), and most of
Russian extensive interests in China and Korea. (Russia had serious influence
in Korea prior to the war; the Japs outright annexed in in 1910). Although
Russia was pretty much beaten militarily, it probably could have negotiated
better peace terms if it didn't have to deal with the severe unrest, forcing
it to stop the hostilities ASAP.
In general, Russia's attempts at Pacific expansionism in 19th century
were all failures. They got kicked out of northern california (fort ross);
sold (leased?) Alaska (seward's folly) to the US for almost nothing; tried
and failed to grab Hawaii and a chunk of New Guinea; and ended up with
no territories there, when every European country grabbed some.
The japs occupied big chunks of Russian Far East during the revolution and
civil war (1918-24). My recollection is that they went as far West as Chita
and Lake Baikal; and it took the Soviets until 1924 to convince them to leave
As for 1938, I tend to believe that there was some truth to Stalin's
assertion that Marshal Blyukher &co were plotting to sedede from the USSR and
to form an independent "Far Eastern Republic" (like the political entity
that got merged into the RSFSR in 1924 after the Japs left) and to invite
the japs to protect their sovereignty. Stalin sent Mekhlis to the Far
East, who executed Blyukher and _most of the Red Army commanders (officers)
in the region.
At lake Khasan (near the short Soviet-Korean border) the Japs demanded
(July/August, 1938) that the Soviets turn over some strategic hills, which
would have made a future attack on Vladivostok easier.  Then the japs
just sent some troops to occupy the hills; it took the Soviets almost 2
weeks to re-take them, which can be explained both by their incompetence
and by Blyukher working for the japs. Jap casualties were 650 dead and
2500 woulnded.
Jap casualties were much higher at Khalkhin Gol. Strategically, the Japs were
trying to occupy a chunk of Mongolia that would allow them to cut off the
only railroad linking the Soviet far east with the rest of Siberia (which
passes right next to the Chinese border). The japs were bombarding the
disputed area of Mongolia in January-April 1939; invaded in May, and were
kicked out by the Soviet troops, led by Zhukov (note the correct spelling)
in late August. Their casualties were 55K, 25K of which were killed.
Another little-known fact: during this timeframe, Stalin rounded up all
the ethnic chinese and koreans from the Soviet far east and resettled
them in Kazakhstan (as he did to many other etyhnic groups a few years
That's why the japs tried so hard to cut off the railroad link in 1939...
They recognized that they could have occupied Vladivostok in 1938 if
they had really tried; but eventually Russian reinforcements would
come and there would be hell to pay. Stalin demonstrated that unlike the
tzars he was willing to put up a fight over this relatively worthless
real estate.
Technically speaking, Moscow did fall. :-) By Oct 16, 1941, everyone and
everything were evacuated from Moscow, down to Lenin's mummy, and the Germans
could have walked in if they wanted to. The Germans chose not to march in
because they feared mines and booby traps they encountered earlier in Kiev
(probably correct, too). While they waffled, Russian reinforcements arrived
from Siberia and drove them off.
Mussolini's bloody invasion of Ethiopia was mostly a revenge for the
previous invasion by Italy which ended in a humiliating defeat.
I'd venture to say that other Hitler allies (Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria)
viewed him as a lesser eveil and didn't like him at all.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-27 14:07:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
This has no crypto relevance.
The japs didn't join the axis out fo the blue. The US was picking on the Japs
back at the Washington conference in 1921/2, and succeffully turned the
British against the japs (they used to be allies). Ever since FDR got elected,
he bulding up the navy, building new bases on Hawaii, Guam, Midway, Samoa,
etc, (in violation of the Washington conference), grabbing small pacific
islands that no one claimed before (jervis, Howland, Phoebe, Palmira). On June
26, 1939 the US denounced the US-jap trade treaty (in response to the
Chamberlain-Arita agreement of June 24 to curtail british aid to Chiang). In
September 1940 FDR introduced the draft (that was priot to the Japs signing
the axis treaty on Sept 27). After 9/29, the US cut off iron shipments to
japan, oredered US citizens to leave Japan and its possessions, drafted 27K
reservists into the navy, and gave chiang a 25MM loan. On Nov 30 the US again
said that Chiang is the only lawful government of China and gave him another
100MM. The japs heavily negotiated for 7 months; then on July 25, 1941, FDR
froze jap assets in the US. Nevertheless in November the japs asked to resume
negotiations, and asked primarily to lift the oil embargo. On 11/26 the US
rejected this request, and called on japan to recognize chiang as the ruler of
china. On 12/6 FDR sent an threatning personal message to Hirohito telling him
to back down. On 12/7 the japs attacked Pearl Harbor and simulteneously
rejected the 11/26 demands (viewing them as an effective declaration of war by
the US). My intrepretation is that the japs certainly tried to bend over
backwards to delay a war with the US until they were in a better position, and
FDR certainly did all hsi could to hasten the war.
According to my books, the US stopped all Jap immigration into US and its
possession (i.e. Hawaii, Philippines, ec) as of May 1, 1925.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-27 22:22:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Moderated vs. Unmoderated Lists 
I'm glad to hear that my words have caused others to reject self-censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-27 22:25:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: USACM Crawls Off the Ivory Tower 
Did somebody say "Dr. Atila T. Hun"?  Not to mention Dr. Fred Cohen.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-28 02:09:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
The following has zero crypto relevance.
My point was that Russia might have negotiated a better peace at Portmouth, NH,
if it wasn't forced to stop fighting by the general strike.
Actually, the Russians forced the japs out of port arthur in 1895 and took
it for themselves. But most times their strategy was to avoid conflict and
to let the japs take whatever japs wanted, such as Hokkaido.
Sigh. My (Russian) sources refer to the incident as lake Khasan, and to the
hills by their Russian names: (vysoty) Zaozernaya and Bezymyannaya.  Your
attempts to refer to Russian hills by their Korean names are a sure sign
russophobia and racism.
(I have excellent maps of both battles, but no scanner.)
Russians had an overwhelming superiority in tanks (498, plus 346 armored
vehicles, to 120 jap tanks and no armored vehicles). Other than that,
Russian superiority wasn't that overwhelming: 581 Russian airplanes to
450 jap airplanes etc is not exactly "overwhelming air superiority"
on Aug 20.
As for timing: according to my sources, the japs made several raids between
May 11 and 26, but didn't try to stay on Mongol territory. On may 28, 2500
japs (much of it cavalry) invaded and were driven out within 2 days by the
Soviet troops already there, before Zhukov's arrival (thanks for spelling his
name right). After accummulating reinforcements for a month, the japs attacked
again on July 2 to 11, but were stopped. Finally on July 23-25 they managed to
penetrate Soviet defences and occupied a wedge of strategic Mongol territory
on the eastern bank of Khalkhin Gol river. (They were stopped to the south.
Anyone who saw the front line would think of cutting them off.) The Soviets
then brought in more forces for a month, in particular a large quantity of
tanks. On August 20, they attacked from the north and the south, and by August
23 they had the 6th jap army surrounded and separated into several groups.
Japs attempted to relieve the 6th army by sending more troops from Khailar,
which were immediately engaged and destroyed as they arrived Aug 24-26. The
remains of the surrounded 6th army were liquidated by aug 31. The japs
undertook several more attacks in the first half of september, and signed an
armistice on Sept 16.
I see no indication that the delay of 1 month between the Japanese incursion
on July 23 and the Soviet offensive on August 20th needs any more "explaining"
then the jap delay between the failed invasion on May 28 and the attacks in
As for casualties, I have 55K japs (25K dead) vs. 9824 Soviets, which seems
plausible given that the japs were surrounded and unwilling to surrender.
As for the innovative use of tanks by Zhukov, remember that tanks were already
in wide use in 1939, and remember also who trained the nazi panzer troops
while they couldn't do it in germany under the versailles treaty. This was
happening while Germans and Soviets were invading Poland, while France and GB
declared war on Germany, and while Soviets were about to attack Finland.
It was a centuries-old poker game, in which the tzars always folded (going
back to the Nerchinsk treaty of 1699, when they turned over to the Manchurians
huge tracts of land to avoid a possible conflict with China), and Stalin
decided to call the japs' bluff for once, and the japs folded.
Ahem. I was talking about Hitler in 1941, not Napoleon in 1812. (Both fucked
up the psyops and alienated the popuilation which could have viewed them as
their liberators, but that's a different thread altogether.)
Militarily speaking, by oct 16 Moscow was evacuated and useless to the
Learn to read. I was talking about Hitler's troops in October 1941. The road
to Moscow was clear, but the Germans didn't walk in.
I'm talking about 1941! Stalin decided to assume that the japs wreen't going
to attack, so he brought in fresh troops from Siberia. By the way I feel that
from the game theortic point of view, if he knew nothing about jap intentions
(i.e., no Richard Sorge), they the right strategy would have been to assume
that the japs were not going to attack; for if they did, he would have been
fucked anyway. With the assumptions that the japs wouldn't attack, he was able
to beat off the germans.
Possibly.  I was responding to your (outright silly) claim that Mussolini
invaded Ethiopia to "impress" Hitler.
Possibly.  I was responding to your (outright silly) claims.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-29 01:59:35
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
This STILL has no crypto relevance.  Moreover you can't read, don't know
any history, and resort to personal attacks when your ignorance is exposed.
Not true. Japs had been trying to expand ever since the meiji revolution:
grabbed hokkaido from russia in 1875 (without a fight), taiwan et al from
china in 1895, more land from russia in 1905, annexed Korea in 1910, attacked
germany and took most of german possessions in the pacitic uring ww1. Their
strategy did not change in 1922.
The only thing that happened at the washington conference of 1921/2 was that
the US turned around and instead of praising the japs as their ww1 ally, it
suddenly started demonizing the japs, just like Noriega or Saddam Hussein
suddenly went from US allies to Ultimate Evil. The US also forced GB to
renounce their 20-year-old alliance with the japs.
It would be reasonable for the japs to revise their strategy to be more
anti-US after 1922, but I actually see no eviedence of this.
You can't read, can you? A typical product of US education system.
1. The US specifically promised in 1922 not to build naval bases on Guam,
Wake, Phillippines, etc. FDR renounced that promise and built huge bases and a
huge navy, while whining about japs violating the various arms limitation
treaties (which the japs did only after the US violated theirs).
2. Palmira et al were no-man's-island, not claimed by anyone. FDR sweeped up
the unclaimed islands as part of his stated anti-jap strategy.
3. The closest Dutch poseesssions were Indonesia - totally irrelevant.
4. Philippines used to belong to Spain; the locals pretty much overthrew
the Spanish with little US help; the US then waged a bloody war suppressing
the locals and turning Philippines into its colony.
The uniformed shit that rots at the arlington national cemetary are the bloody
murderers who massacred hundreds of unarmed phillippine civilians to provide
the us with another colony in the pacific. I virtually piss on their graves;
let Stick Willy sell all the burial sites he wants there.
Your position is with your head up your ass, since you clearly don't know
what you're talking about. FDR was pulling stunts designed to pull the US
into the war in Europe, like seizing German and italian ships in US ports,
but he succeeded in proviking the japs faster. The US would have stayed out
of the war in Europe much longer under a republican administration, and
probably never would have had a war with Japan.
Since the US contribution to the European war effort was about the same in
1940/41 and 1942/44 (up until the invasion of Normandy), it would not have
changed the outcome of the war, but domestically the US would have been
less of a polica state than it became under FDR.
References he wants. :-) Very good: _Spravochnik Soedinennyje Shtaty Ameriki_
Moscow: Ogiz, 1946, p. 284:
"Poskol'ku odnoj iz form japonskoj `ekspansii javljalas' usilennaja
immigratzija japontzev v SSHA i ikh kolonial'nyje vladenija - Gavaji,
Filippiny i dr., pravitel'stvo SSHA stalo prinimat' mery k ogranicheniju
`toj immigratzii, a 1/V 1925 g. vovse zapretilo ejo."
(Oops! You can't read languages other than English, can you? :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-29 02:17:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
Ralphie should get together with David Smith, the operator of the bureau42
remailer, who filters out whatever contents he doesn't like. Anything
coming out of bureau42 remailer is personally approved by David Smith
who bears full civil and criminal responsibility for the contents he approves.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-29 13:31:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: --- STRONG ADULT CONTENT --- 
of course the credit card issuers do this not out of the goodness of their
heart but because they're required to by the US gubmint. It's not at all
clear if they have to eat the fraudulent charges if the card holder hasn't
been following the issuer's instructions.
Actually, if you call up your credit card issuer and ask, hypothetically,
what would happen if you transmitted your credit card info over the Internet,
and someone got hold of them, and charged lots of money. Don't assume
that they have to eat it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-30 01:17:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
Proof, please.
[I've verified that Dave filters out "poltically incorrect" messages sent
to the cypherpunks list, while permitting harrassment of Dr. Grubor]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-30 12:38:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
To verify that Dave Smith filters the contents he doesn't like (and assumes
full responsibility for the content he does pass through), conduct this
simple experiment: try sending an ASCII art article criticial of Timmy
Mayonaise via Dave Smith's bureau42 remailer and see if it shows up.
For example:
Request-Remailing-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Timmy C[...] May is a slant-eyed, rice-gibbling jap in a redneck disguise.
             ---._.---
            /    |     \
           /     *      \
          (            )
          /   _/-||-\_   \
         /   '/  ||  \`   \
        /    /   ()   \    \
       /    /|        |\    \
       /   / |        | \   \
      /   / /  o    o  \ \   \
     /   /  (          )  \   \
     <_ ' `--`___'`___'--' ` _>
    /  '~~---   / = \  ---~~`  \
,,,/  /        (  v  )       \  \,,,
\ /  /         '-|@       \  \ /
 \__/          //////          \__/
Dave Smith bends over for Gary Burnore, Paul Pomes, and the rest
of the Databasix gang.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-11-30 12:43:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: At night, the ice weasels come... 
What will Cottrell do if someone uses his anonymizer(R)[TM] to connect to
someone's web server many times in a row, requesting the same pages, and
the admins of said server whine about "denial of service" attacks?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-01 08:34:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New free speech oriented civil rights site 
I'm the official cypherpunks spokesman and I think japs are ful of shit.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:33:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: If you fought to defend your country... 
Only 2 inches are required to reach the prostate.  Anything over that
is just windows dressing.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:51:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Happy Thanksgiving and the Impending Murder of Usenet 
Russ hees and haws; just a couple of days ago he was whining how we shouldn't
publish exploits because users should be forced to write their own exploits.
That's from the same bootlixcking Cabal lackey who was whining and begging
me not to release my cancelbot.
[rfc 1036 rewrite]
Bullshit. I'm on the list, I see the traffic, and all the whining about
"spam" coming from the wannabe content censors.
But it would actually make the net better in many ways.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:57:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
I've tried it and it doesn't go through, proving again that David Smith
is a pathological liar, a content censor, and a bootlicking BATF lackey.
Lock and load.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-01 23:52:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Secure HTTP servers. 
Are the posters in this thread unwilling to criticize C2Net's StrongHold
because they're afraid to get obnoxious threatening letters from Sameer
Parekh's shysters?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-02 04:51:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Secure HTTP servers. 
Good question, especially when other vendors don't seek to suppress
the discussion of theirt products.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-02 09:01:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: None 
Nor do I have to present any evidence.  I'm not the one selling StrongHold.
I have received several threatening communications from C2Net's lawyers, which were discussed at length on this list.  To avoid unpleasant disputes
I agreed not to disseminate my opinions about StrongHold.
Please keep this in mind if you consider buying it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-02 19:10:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Secure HTTP servers. 
Are you questioning whether I, Tim May, and several other people on this
mailing list were threatened by C2Net';s lawyers?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-02 21:10:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The War on Drugs--Surrender! / Re: INFO-RUSS: Reuter: Russian+Russian Drug C 
Check out the fairly successful Swiss program, distributing heroin cheaply
to registered addicts.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:51:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Nope.  Like I said, I'm not selling Stronghold or any competing product, I
don't lose anything when someone foolishly buys it, so why should I present
any evidence?  I (and several other people on this mailing list) were threatened
by C2Net's lawyers; so to avoid unpleasant disputes, I told them I won't be
publishing whatever I might know about their product.
No I'm not.  What do I lose if someone not affiliated with me makes a
foolish purchasing decision?
That's why I complied with C2Net's request not to publish my opinions of
their product.
If this were true, then C2Net would encourage me to publicly present whatever
"evidence" I have so they'd be able to refute it.  This is not what they
asked me to do.
Keep in mind that "anonymous" is probably an employee of C2Net.  Several of
C2Net's shills used to post C2Net propaganda withouy revealing their C2Net
affiliation; they switched to anonymous remailers when their nyms were exposed.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-03 10:54:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Request for illegal electronic surveillance examples and cases 
Mabe he didn't want Declan to forge quotations from him, as Declan was shown
to do in his Netly news hatched jobs.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-03 10:57:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CDA protects against liability 
Remind me how some crypto-peddlers endorse bills that would criminalize
domestic crypto use in exchange for their being able to export their
(weak) systems.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-03 10:57:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Lucky is lying: the censored articles were also filtered from the list which
was billed as being unfiltered.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-04 08:22:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: C'Punk Action Project - Help the Newbie 
This would make a nice GAK icon... (Bloody) blunger in one hand,
keys or an oversized telephone received in the other.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-04 13:34:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: commercial remailers and anonymous customers 
Last October, Sammer was being sued for copyright infringement and he claimed
in court papers that he doesn't censor content on C2's ISP. Literally at the
same time he pulled the plug on a C2 account for publishing a Web page
critical of one of Sameer's associates. Here's Sameer's e-mail to that
]From sameer Thu Oct 24 10: 34:59 1996
]Received: (from sameer at localhost) by blacklodge.c2.net (8.7.6/8.7.3) id
]KAA05716; Thu, 24 Oct 1996 10:34:58 -0700 (PDT)
]From: sameer (sameer at c2.net)
]Message-Id: <199610241734.KAA05716 at blacklodge.c2.net>
]Subject: Re: ]To: netscum at c2.net
]Date: Thu, 24 Oct 1996 10:34:58 -0700 (PDT)
]Cc: sameer at c2.net
]In-Reply-To: <3279b6dd.124287235 at mail.c2.net> from "netscum at c2.net" at "Oct
] 24, 96 00:26:22 am"
]X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4ME+ PL22 (25)]
]MIME-Version: 1.0
]Content-Type: text/plain; charset=3DUS-ASCII
]Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
]	I'm sorry. If you don't remove the illegal web pages we're
]going to be forced to shut off your account.
]> Dear Sameer,
]> What was reported to you was mistaken.  The referenced page contains no
]> libel, and all the claims therein are factually correct and can be proved
]> easily by browing public documents in DejaNews and AltaVista.
]> Good luck in your SPA lawsuit!!
]> On Wed, 23 Oct 1996 12:41:53 -0700 (PDT), sameer  posted:
]> >  	The URL in the subject (
]> >  was reported to us as illegal libel. Please note that our policies
]> >  forbid any illegal activity on the site. Please remove this page as
]> >  soon as possible. Thank you.
]> >
]> >  --
]> >  Sameer Parekh					Voice:
]> 510-986-8770
]> >  C2Net						FAX:
]> 510-986-8777
]> >  The Internet Privacy Provider
]> >  				sameer at c2.net
]> >
]Sameer Parekh					Voice:   510-986-8770
]C2Net						FAX:     510-986-8777
]The Internet Privacy Provider
]				sameer at c2.net
You'd think that a pathologically litigious liar would know better than
to use terms like "illegal libel"...
Soon after this incident Parekh settled the copyright infringement suit,
pulled the plug on C2net's ISP business, and switched to peddling
(questionable) software.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-04 23:27:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 1/2 
I sent this large article out a while back, and apparently it never showed
up on the mailing list. Perhaps it was too large I'll re-send it again in
two smaller chunks.
This article includes several long quotes.  I urge anyone still interested
in the C2Net/StrongHold thread to read the whole thing.  I don't expect to
need to contribute to this thread again.
"Moderation" is a misnomer. C2Net engaged in outright fraud by providing
a list which C2Net claimed would contain the articles rejected by the
C2Net moderator, then censoring articles from both the censored and the
uncensored lists. At least one of my articles (not the one about Stronghold;
the one quoting the threatening letter from C2net's lawyers) didn't make
it even to the "unedited" list.
I immediately recognized the "anonymous" shill's hysterical posting style
(repeatedly calling me a "liar" and a closet homosexual, making numerous
references to my ethnicity and visa status (incorrectly)). Do you happen to
remember C2Net's "marketing director" who tried to create the nym "Locutus"
via the remailers, and blew his cover because he couldn't change his style?
Nope. The burden of proof is on the vendor selling the product.
In this case, the vendor is unwilling or unable to present any
evidence of the product's security, so it threatens the
security experts who question the product.
Because C2net's lawyers have been harrassing those who did - plenty
of their threats are quoted below.
Somebody wrote, and I suspect that it wasn't cc'd to the list,
so I'll skip the name:
I'm very sorry, but I'd rather not...
Somebody else wrote (my headers are a mess; I apologize profusely
if I'm quoting private e-mail to the list. which I suspect I'm doing)
I agree that this is the behavior one would expect from a vendor that has any
confidence at all in its product or in its ability to answer questions about
its product in an uncensored discussion.
As a matter of fact, McDonald's did sue some folks in the U.K. (where libel
laws are even weirder than in the U.S.) who were basically saying that
hamburgers aren't healthy. The defendants won just recently. One of the
problems with the U.S. legal system that you can be on the defending end
of a totally meritless suit, and still not recover your legal fees when the
suit is laughed out of court.
C2Net's harrassment included calling my home and threatening my mother-in-law;
threatening to seize all my computers as part of the "discovery process"; etc
(check out some of their threats below). Since I have nothing to gain by
publicizing the truth about them, I'd rather not deal with these creeps.
If you can't recall, I'm quoting a bunch of stuff below. At least one of
my articles, the one quoting the threatening letter from C2net's lawyers,
didn't make it even to the "unedited" list.
C2Net's shill called me a liar about a dozen times, yet hasn't presented any
evidence of me ever lying. On the other hand, C2net's claim that I'm a closet
homosexual is an outright lie, typical of Sameer Parekh and his employees.
This is correct: John Gilmore tried to censor me from this mailing list. As
the result, I'm still here, John Gilmore no longer runs this list, and John
Gilmore's "reputation capital" is extremely negative. C2net's shill seems to
approve of Gilmore's actions, demonstrating once again that he he is employed
by a dishonest and dishonorable organization.
Hmm, I turned in my green card about 12 years ago, when I got naturalized...
For what it's worth, Sameer is an Arab, and we all know the old Arab proverb:
"Women for sons, boys for pleasure, but goats for sheer extasy." However
C2net's barratrous threats were not transmitted by e-mail and had nothing to
do with Sameer's alleged sexual preferences. Rather, I received 5 or 6
threatening phone calls at home from Janet M. Craycroft. Also the following
threatening letter was served on me (on a weekend!)
]Gray Cary Ware
]  Frieidenrich
]A professional corporation
]Attorneys at Law                                      Janet M. Craycroft
]400 Hamilton Avenue                          Direct Dial: (415) 833-2297
]Palo Alto, CA 94301-1826                   Internet: JCRAYCROFT at GCWF.COM
]Tel (415) 328-6561
]Fax (415) 327-3699                                          Our File No.
]                                                                 9999999
]                          January 21, 1997
]VIA OVERNIGHT COURIER
]Mr. Dimitri Vulis
]6767 Burns Street, ]Forest Hills, New York 11375-3555
]                 Re:   Internet Postings on Cypherpunks at toad.com
]Dear Mr. Vulis:
]     This firm represents C2Net, a California Corporation.  It has come to our attention
]that you are publishing false, defamatory statements about C2Net and its products.
]Specifically, we direct your attention to your January 30, 1997 Internet posting to the
]Cypherpunks at toad.com mailing list which you entitled "Security alert!!!"  (A copy of this e-
]mail is enclosed.)
]     As you are undoubtedly already aware, Stronghold is a web server that protects
]Internet traffic encryption.  Stronghold is not a "backdoor" to steal credit card numbers.  The
]statements contained in your e-mail directly cast aspersions upon C2Net's product and
]business which will not be tolerated.  Dr. Vulis, at a minimum, your e-mail exposes you to
]civil liability for defamation, tortious interference with business relations, interntional
]interference with contractual relations and permits C2Net to seek compensatory damages as
]well as punitive damages against you personally.
]   C2Net has authorized this firm to take all action necessary to put an immediate stop to
]your actions and conduct as described above, as well as any other conduct or actions
]undertaken by you which might prove to be harmful to C2Net.  Such authorization includes
]the filing of a lawsuit against you to obtain injunctive relief as well as compensatory and
]punitive damages.
]   Given the seriousness of this matter, we insist that you stop disseminating the January
]30 e-mail or any version of such e-mail.  If you continue to publish defamatory statements
]about C2Net and its products, we will pursue all remedies against you.  So that there is no
]misunderstanding, please confirm in writing by february 4, 1997, that you will agree not to
]further disseminate the January 30 e-mail or versions of such e-mail.
]   Should you have any questions, please contact me or have your attorney contact me.
]                                                  Very truly yours,
]                                                  GRAY CARY WARE & FREIDENRICH
]                                                  A Professional Corporation
]                                                  [Signature]
]                                                  Janet M. Craycroft
The letter pretty much speaks for itself.  Let me just point out that
1) I never claimed that "Stronghold is a backdoor", which makes no
sense, 2) Sameer Parekh inists on addressing me as "Mr." because he's
a college dropout extremely envious of anyone educated better than him.
Yep - since there have been no "previous lies", a repost is impossible.
But here are a few list articles from the time of the "C2Net moderation
experiment". For those who aren't award, Sandy Sandfart is the marketing guy
at C2Net who was trying to "moderate" this mailing list.
Sandy Sandfart posted the following lie (note the date):
]Date: Fri, 7 Feb 1997 11:26:27 -0800 (PST)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: Mike Duvos ]Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: My messages not appearing on either of the lists?
]In-Reply-To: <199702071636.IAA26298 at netcom19.netcom.com>
]Message-Id: ]Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
]                          SANDY SANDFORT
] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
]> ...Messages apparently do not get moderated in the order in
]> which they are received...
]All messages are filtered and posted in the order in which I
]receive them.
] S a n d y
To which Tim May wrote (and Sandy spiked this article, and many others):
]Message-Id: ]In-Reply-To: ]References: ]Date: Fri, 7 Feb 1997 13:59:23 -0800
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]From: tcmay at got.net ("Timothy C. May")
]Subject: More on the Stronghold Charge
]Cc: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Vulis has sent me private mail, which I won't quote here because of the
]usual netiquette standards that private mail not be quoted (though it's
]legal to do so). He asserts that a few weeks ago he sent criticisms of
]Stronghold out to the Cypherpunks list, and the criticisms did not appear
]on any of the distributed lists.
]He claims he then received communications from C2Net of a legal nature,
]threatening him with legal action. I'll let Vulis elaborate if he wishes,
]as I don't know the situation. And I encourage him to do so, for more than
]one reason.
]As I just replied to "Against Moderation" on, I would like to see these
]articles which were suppressed. Please repost them to the list, and copy me
]to ensure that I get them.
]If this claim is true, that Sandy blocked criticism of Stronghold from
]reaching either the Main list (bad enough), or from even going out at all
]on the Flames list (reprehensible), then this is an extremely serious
]If the claim is true that Sandy used articles sent to the Cypherpunks list,
]but never distributed to the list, as the basis by the company which
]employs him of legal threats of any kind, then this is even more than just
]"extremely serious."
]I would like to hear more from Vulis, and copies of any such articles, and
]of course would like to hear Sandy's version of things.
]This is too serious a charge not to resolve.
]--Tim May
]Just say "No" to "Big Brother Inside"
]We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, I know that that ain't allowed.
]Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
]tcmay at got.net  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
]W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
]Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black markets, collapse of governments.
]"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."
]Date: 8 Feb 1997 04:31:15 -0000
]Message-Id: <19970208043115.2364.qmail at anon.lcs.mit.edu>
]From: antimod at nym.alias.net (Against Moderation)
]Subject: The Frightening Dangers of Moderation
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Cc: tcmay at got.net
]Precedence: bulk
]-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
]Well, folks, tonight I have witnessed the frightening dangers of
]moderation and censorship first-hand, and would like to tell you what
]has happened.  I think there is an important lesson to be learned from
]these incidents.
]Before I explain what has happened, I want to make one thing
]absolutely clear.  Though I've thought the moderation of cypherpunks
]was a terrible idea from the start and am even more convinced of it
]now, I don't assign any blame to Sandy.  I believe he offered to
]moderate the list with the best of intentions, and I sincerely
]appreciate his efforts to try to revive what was once a fantastic
]mailing list, even if in my opinion those efforts have backfired.
]Sandy has been a valuable advocate of cypherpunk beliefs and a lively
]contributor to cypherpunks list for a long time.  Though the
]moderation experiment has resulted in some terrible consequences, we
]can't blame him for what has happened.  If the events I have witnessed
]tonight occured with such a high-standing member of the cypherpunks
]community in charge, the cause of them can only be the very nature of
]moderation and censorship.  I don't think any of us could have done
]much better in Sandy's shoes.
]Now, what happened tonight?  As some of you may recall, a month or so
]ago I vehemently argued against the elimination of the
]cypherpunks-unedited mailingt list.  Some people (though no one
]associated with toad.com) were claiming that 3 mailing lists might be
]too much load, and that having cypherpunks and cypherpunks-flames
]would be enough.  I argued that not only would the delay of waiting
]for a decision put alternate cypherpunks moderators at a disadvantage,
]it would make it farm more difficult to convince people of the
]moderator's honesty as there would be no guarantee that messages made
]it to either list.  Fortunately, cypherpunks-unedited did get created
](it seems no one "in charge" ever intended not to create it).
]Well, as it turns out, a number of messages have made it neither to
]cypherpunks nor to cypherpunks-flames.  Making matters worse, however,
]not only are certain messages being suppressed from both lists, but
]even messages mentioning that fact get suppressed from both the
]cypherpunks and the cypherpunks-flames lists!
]Here's exactly what happened.  I was beginning to believe that Dmitri
]Vulis had sent an (admitedly objectionable) message to the cypherpunks
]mailing list, but that the message had gone to neither the cypherpunks
]nor the cypherpunks-flames lists.  Since I was under the impression
]that every article was supposed to go to one list or the other, and
]many people probably still believe that, I mentioned this somewhat
]startling fact on the cypherpunks mailing list, I believe in response
]to a post by Tim May on the same subject.
]Tim replied (in a message Cc'ed to cypherpunks--though I don't think
]it went anywhere but to -unedited), asking me in the message, "Can you
]send to the list, with a copy to me, the articles CENSOREDCENSOREDCENS
]OREDCENSOREDCENSORE?"  I therefore went back through my mail archives
]and found a copy of the message that I believed had gone to neither
]mailing list.  I sent it to Tim and to cypherpunks.  I prepended a few
]paragraphs in which I asked people to confirm that the message had
]gone to neither mailing list.  Among other things in those paragraphs,
]I stated that Vulis's message was "verifiably false".  It was clear
]from the context that I was forwarding this message to ask people
]which lists it had gone to, not because I believed the content to be
]correct or even at all convincing or interesting.  That message I
]sent, quoting Vulis's, immediately follows this message, after the
]line '========'.
]Then, tonight, I received a message from Sandy, which I include below
]a second '========' marker.  In that letter, Sandy had explicitly
]aknowledged not only that he had sent Vulis's letter to neither
]mailing list, but that he wouldn't send my letter to either mailing
]list, either!  He claimed that he couldn't forward Vulis's message
]because it was libel, and accused me of committing libel simply by
]quoting Vulis's message, even though I explicitly stated that Vulis's
]message was verifiably false.
]Well, this travesty must exposed, even if I can't make known all the
]details for fear of libel charges.  I am therefore forwarding
]everything I can to the cypherpunks mailing list, for all to see.  As
]you can see, Vulis made unfounded and incorrect charges that a
]particular system contained a security hole.  Believe me, if I could
]get into the details of the case I could convince you easily that his
]claim is not true.  However, since even quoting that claim apparently
]opens me up to charges of libel, I can't give you the details.  Thus,
]I have censored (by overriting original text with the letters
]CENSORED) any portion of quoted messages that might give you an
]indication of what system Vulis actually claimed had a security hole.
]This censorship should not, however, affect my main point, and the
]lesson that I hope we can all take away from this.  When it comes down
]to it, the details of this case do not matter.  What does matter is
]that even when the "good guys" attempt benign censorship, it can have
]frighteningly far-reaching effects on people's ability to discuss
]otherwise reasonable topics such as the mechanics of the cypherpunks
]list.  I generally dislike censorship and moderation, but the
]consequences of the cypherpunks experiment have gone far beyond
]anything I could have imagined.
]In closing, let me reiterate that I don't think most of this is
]Sandy's, John's, or anyone else's fault.  Given the knowledge I have
]of this case, I believe Sandy has unwittingly found himself ensnarled
]in a nasty legal situation where, for fear of legal reprisal he must
]block articles that he has a moral obligation to send to
]cypherpunks-flames.  I certainly don't envy his position.
][To moderator Sandy:  I believe we must get the content of this
]message to the main cypherpunks mailing list.  I have done everything
]I can to ensure that the message contains no libel.  If, for some
]reason, you still can't send it on to the main cypherpunks mailing
]list, can you please tell me specifically which parts cause problems.
]I will the CENSOR them out and try again.  This message contains
]important, highly relevant information for the cypherpunks community.
]Please help me do what it takes to get it accepted by the moderation
]process.  Thanks.]
]Date: Fri, 7 Feb 1997 16:45:31 -0800 (PST)
]From: sandfort at crl.com (Sandy Sandfort)
]To: Against Moderation ]Subject: Re: Is Sandy really censoring criticisms of CENSOREDCENSOREDCENSORE?
]In-Reply-To: <19970207220720.15530.qmail at anon.lcs.mit.edu>
]                          SANDY SANDFORT
] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
]> What I object to more strongly and think is wrong is the
]> fact that it went to *neither* list.
]Unfortunately, it's not as simple as that.  As soon as I can
]arrange it with John, I am going to stop moderating the list.
]In the interim, I *will not* be sending your post onto either
]the Flames or the Moderated lists.  This is done for legal
]reason.  As it is, you have already published a libel on the
]unedited list by repeating Dimitri's libel.  This exposes you to
]legal liability, but as an anonymous poster, you are somewhat
]insulated from the consequences of your act.
]If you would like to PRIVATELY discuss this matter with me, I
]would not mind going into more detail with you.  Suffice it to
]say, I any re-publication by me of Dimitri's libel would expose
]John and myself to legal liability and could also act to
]insulate Dimitri from liability as a result of CENSOREDCENSOREDCE
]Take care,
] S a n d y
[to be continued]
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-04 23:29:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
This is the second chunk of the same.
Tim May described C2net's legal threats:
]Message-Id: ]In-Reply-To: <19970208043115.2364.qmail at anon.lcs.mit.edu>
]Date: Fri, 7 Feb 1997 21:46:10 -0800
]To: Against Moderation , cypherpunks at toad.com
]From: tcmay at got.net ("Timothy C. May")
]Subject: Re: The Frightening Dangers of Moderation
]Cc: hugh at toad.com
]>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
]>Well, folks, tonight I have witnessed the frightening dangers of
]>moderation and censorship first-hand, and would like to tell you what
]>has happened.  I think there is an important lesson to be learned from
]>these incidents.
](long account of getting legal threats for quoting a message about CENSORED
]This is indeed an important incident. I hope we can discuss it. Many issues
]central to Cypherpunks are involved. To name a few:
]* the moderation/censorship issue itself (though we have probably beaten
]this one to death in the last few weeks).
]* the "libel" issue, especially as it involves Sandy, his company, and the
]machine the list is hosted from. The introduction of a censor has, as many
]of us predicted, raised serious libel and liability issues. (This is the
]best reason I can think of it to move to an "alt.cypherpunks" system, where
]bypassing of liability, libel, copyright violation, etc.,  laws is
]naturally handled by the globally decentralized and uncontrolled nature of
]* conflicts of interest issues. Apparently Sandy feels information
]deleterious to C2Net, having to do with a claimed CENSORED in the software
]product CENSORED, cannot be passed by him to _either_ of the two lists to
]which articles are supposed to be sent. (Sadly, he did not tell us of this
]meta-censorship when it happened. This made what he did deceptive as well
]as wrong.)
]* chilling of discussion. As "Against Moderation" notes, merely _quoting_
]the article of another caused Sandy to not only reject his article, but
]also to contact him and raise the threat of legal action. (This even though
]Against Moderation added all sorts of "obviously false" comments to what
]Vulis had written.)
]* even more threats. At the request of CENSORED today, I called CENSORED
]and had a verbal communication with him (a nice guy, by the way) about this
]situation. He averred that "you don't want to be pulled into this," and
]suggested that if I post certain things, even quoting the reports that a
]CENSORED exists in CENSORED, I could well be sued by the lawyers of his
]These are issues which remailers, decentralized servers, anonymity, data
]havens, and other Cypherpunks technologies make important issues for us to
]When did Cypherpunks start thinking about libel? (Obvious answer: when
]_their_ companies were the targets of criticism, lies, libel, whatever.)
]It's not as if insulting or even "libelous" (I'm not a lawyer) comments
]have not been made routinely on the list. Insulting companies and other
]institutions has been standard Cypherpunks fare since the beginning.
]Mykotronx has been accused of high crimes, RSADSI has been declared to be
]placing backdoors in code, Phil Zimmermann has been declared to be an NSA
]plant ("only trust the versions of PGP before he cut the deal to get his
]freedom"), and so on. Think about it. Just about any company with any
]product related to crypto has at one time or another had their motives
]questioned, their products slammed, etc.
]Unfortunately, our Late Censor is an employee of one of the companies so
]slammed, and he has reacted by rejecting one or more of these slams without
]bothering to tell the list that he has to do so. (Were it me, I would have
]"recused" myself from the decision, or at least told the list in general
]terms what was going on, or, more likely, resigned as censor. But then I
]would never have been a list.censor in the first place.)
]I understand that Sandy is stepping down as our Moderator. The Censor is
]Dead, Long Live Sandy! I expect to harbor no continuing resentment toward
]Sandy (though I expect things will be strained for a while, as might be
]The issues raised are ugly ones. Here's what scares me: the "precedent" may
]irretrievably be established that companies offended by words on the list
]will threaten legal action to recover their good name. I can imagine
]Mykotronx or even First Virtual citing the actions of C2Net as a precedent
](a cultural precedent, to the extent there is such a thing) for their own
]legal letters.
]As with the terrible precedent set by the "even Cypherpunks had to censor
]themselves" experiment, these companies may be able to say "But even a
]Cypherpunk-oriented company realized that the antidote for damaging speech
]was not rebutting speech. No, these Cypherpunks realized that some
]threatening letters and pulling the plug on the speaker was a better
]And we won't be able to easily argue that Mykotronx has no right to do this
]while C2Net does.
]Sandy, in his message a few hours ago to Against Moderation, even made the
]claim (and Sandy _is_ a lawyer, or at least once was) that John Gilmore
]could be held liable for speech on the Cypherpunks list. (I don't doubt the
]"could," but I hate like hell to see a Cypherpunkish company leading the
]Perhaps this is true. But the Censorship experiment, and the resulting
]threats of legal action by C2Net to stop mention of the alleged CENSORED in
]their product CENSORED, fuel the fire. Instead of denigrating such legal
]moves--as I'm sure most Cypherpunks would have done a few years ago if
]RSADSI were to try to sue people for making outrageous claims--we have a
]major company consisting of several leading Cypherpunks making just such
]I'm not a legal scholar, but is it really the case that merely _alluding_
]to the allegedly libelous comments of another is itself a libel? Is a
]reporter who writes that "Person X has alleged that Product Y has a Flaw Z"
]thus committing a libel? (I don't think so, as reporters frequently report
]such things. If merely quoting an alleged libel is also libel, then
]presumably a lot of reporters, and even court clerks reporting on cases,
]are libelers.)
](ObLisp reference: quoting an expression ought to have a different return
]value than evaluating an expression! That's what quotes are for.)
]My comments this past week have not been motivated by animosity toward
]Sandy, and certainly my comments today are not motivated by any animosity
]about C2Net or any of its employees (including CENSORED, whom I spoke with
]My comments started out as being a summary of why I had left Cypherpunks
]when the Great Hijacking was announced. Since last Sunday, when I issued my
]"Moderation" post, I've only responded to messages I was CC:ed on, or to
]messages on the Flames list, which I subscribed to temporarily to better
]see what Sandy was calling flames. The discovery that certain posts were
]not appearing on either the Main list or the Flames list triggered today's
]comments about Sandy and the alleged CENSOREDCENSOREDCENSORED (blah blah
]I hope we can declare this Censorship experiment a failure and move on.
]However,  it is almost certain that as a result of attempts to suppress
]certain views, that the move back to an unfiltered state will mean that
]some will use anonymous remailers and nym servers to post even _more_
]claims, however outrageous.
]This is a predictable effect. Cf. Psychology 101 for an explanation.
]Kicking Vulis off the list predictably produced a flood of Vulis
]workarounds, and a surge in insults via anonymous remailers. Instituting
]censorship of the list triggered a flood of comments critical of the
]experiment, and a predictable "testing" of the censorship limits. And,
]finally, now that C2Net is threatening legal action to stop
]discussion--even in quotes!!--of alleged CENSORED in CENSORED, expect a lot
]of repetition of these claims via remailers. And, I predict, claims about
]CENSORED will even be spread more widely, e.g., on the Usenet.
](Sadly, I half expect a letter from some lawyers or lawyer larvae saying I
]am "suborning libel," or somesuch nonsense. As Sandy would say, "piffle."
]Lawyers, take your best shot.)
]Message-Id: ]Date: Sat, 8 Feb 1997 09:22:08 -0800
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]From: tcmay at got.net ("Timothy C. May")
]Subject: META: Censorship is Going Way too Far
]Fellow Cypherpunks (of the virtual community, even if not part of any
]particular version of the list(s)),
]I am about to drive over the Santa Cruz mountains for today's physical
]meeting at Stanford, and made my last check of the Singapore archive site
]to see if my last several messages to the CP list have appeared. (The
]Singapore site archives the main list every four hours; the latest update
]is 08:15 PST, local time.)
]They have _not_ appeared, on either of the two lists, the main list and
]filtered list. I don't know if they have appeared on the "unfiltered" list,
]as I don't have access to an archive site for that, and don't subscribe to
]it.  Some of these articles are now more than 18 hours old.
](I scanned the archive site carefully and did not see any of my articles.
]If I somehow missed them (all four?!), I apologize to the Moderator and
]will make an appointment with my eye doctor.)
]Further, messages dated _much_ later in time are now on the Singapore site,
]meaning they were "approved." (The latest such message I see is from J.
]Blatz, and is dated 2/8/97, 02:58 a.m., EST, which is fully 10 hours after
]the first of my messages which never appeared on either the main list or
]the flames list.)
]My articles are dated:
]* 2/7/97, 1:46 p.m. PST
]* 2/7/97, 1:59 p.m., PST
]* 2/7/97, 3:03 p.m., PST
]* 2/7/97, 9:46 p.m., PST
]I would normally give the message names here, but I suspect that even
]mention of the message titles would cause _this_ message to be filtered
]into the black hole  list. So, by avoiding even mention of the message
]titles, I should be safe. Nothing in this message can be considered flamish
](beyond normal criticism) or libelous.
](Many articles with dates later than these have already appeared on the
]main list, and some have already appeared on the Flames list. Why have none
]of my articles gone through as of this morning?)
]The subjects of my articles deal with the claims made by "Against
]Moderation" and Vulis that certain articles were filtered from the stream
]of articles without appearing on either the main list or the flames list,
]and with no mention by the Moderator of this significant change to the
]moderation policies.
]I surmise that my articles are similarly vanishing into a black hole,
]presumably because I have questioned the policies here. (Possibly my
]articles have been side-tracked for further review, or for review by a
]certain company's legal staff, or whatever. If so, this should be explained
]to the main list. And the implications of this, if it is happening, should
]be discussed on the main list.)
]By the way, I will deliberately make no mention of the details of my
]articles, or of those by Against Moderation, as I also surmise that any
]articles dealing with a certain product by a certain company will be
]filtered out completely.
](I carefully did not repeat the claims made against one of these products
]in my articles, so there is no way under the sun I can be charged in any
]court with "libel.")
]To paraphrase the Detweiler of a couple of years ago, "I am quite shocked
]by this situation." It is one thing to filter out posts which contain
]infantile, barnyard taunts and insults, it is quite another to filter out
]And it is even worse to not pass on these filtered comments to the "flames"
]list, which was putatively set up to contain such comments. Worse still
]that the list as a whole is not being told of this policy, and that posts
]which mention it are not going out.
](There has been some discussion of articles not going out, such as in Igor
]Chudov's recent articles, but I surmise from his article that Igor is
]unaware of the filtering I'm talking about here. I am copying Igor on this
]message, to ensure he knows at least part of what is going on here.)
]There is no justification in any of the stated moderation goals for
]blocking articles such as mine, or this one.
]As my posts yesterday did not contain flames or insults (beyond normal
]minor turns of phrase some might not like, just as _this_ post contains
]mildly flamish comments if one is so inclined to see _any_ criticism as
]flamish), they should have appeared on the main list. They have not, so
]far, even though articles generated many hours later have already appeared
]on the main list.
]And, as of minutes ago, they have not appeared on the Flames list, even if
]the Moderator decided they were flamish. (Even if _one_ was, arguably, not
]all of them were.)
]So, we are increasingly in a situation where:
]a. the moderation policies appear to be changing on a daily basis
]b. articles which are not even flamish are being dumped
]c. some of these dumped articles are not even appearing on the "Flames" list
]d. the appearance of a conflict of interest is increasing
]e. discussion is being squelched
]I am cc:ing this message to a handful of Cypherpunks to ensure that it gets
]some propagation before today's meeting.
]I find it very sad that things have come to this.
]--Tim May
]Subject: Re: META: Censorship is Going Way too Far
]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]Message-Id: <68qT2D82w165w at bwalk.dm.com>
]Date: Sat, 08 Feb 97 15:39:16 EST
]In-Reply-To: <199702081136.LAA26752 at mailhub.amaranth.com>
]> In , on 02/08/97 at 11:22 AM,
]>    "Timothy C. May"  said:
]> >They have _not_ appeared, on either of the two lists, the main list and
]> >filtered list. I don't know if they have appeared on the "unfiltered" list,
]> >I don't have access to an archive site for that, and don't subscribe to it.
]> >Some of these articles are now more than 18 hours old.
]> All 4 of your post made it to the unfiltered list.
]> I don't know what made it to the moderated/flam list as I had switched to the
]> unmoderated list yesterday morning.
]I'm monitoring all 3 lists... A whole batch of Tim's posts made it to the
]cypherpunks-unedited list, but to neither filtered list (he listed them in
]another article that appeared so far on the "unedited" list but not on
]either filtered list).
]Also a message on the taboo subject from John Young appeared on 'unedited'
]but not on either filtered list. Its headers were:
]]Message-Id: <1.5.4.32.19970207222314.006ca6f0 at pop.pipeline.com>
]]Date: Fri, 07 Feb 1997 17:23:14 -0500
]]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]]From: jya at pipeline.com (John Young)
](I suppose Sandy can't stop JYA from placing it on his Web site, can he? :-)
]A whole lot of my articles over the last week didn't make it to either
]filtered list. This is nothing new... but the following is:
]My article, quoting the threatening letter that C2Net's lawyers had sent
]me, has not appeared even on cypherpunks-unedited! Its headers were:
]]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]]Cc: tcmay at got.net,antimod at nym.alias.net
]]From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
]]Message-ID: ]]Date: Sat, 08 Feb 97 11:14:34 EST
]]In-Reply-To: ](i.e., in reply to Timmy May's article that appeared on the unedited list,
]but not on either filtered list.)
]I'd like to know whether the cc: recipients got it. Thanks.
]I'm also bcc'ing this article to a bunch of people, and encourage them
]to quote it to the list.
]I assume that suppressing my articles from appearing on the unedited
]list would require cooperation from John Gilmore.
]Date: Mon, 10 Feb 1997 06:33:13 -0800
]From: Cuckoo (cuckoo at cuckoo.com)
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Re: Who's Censoring Who?
]References: <1.5.4.32.19970209181732.006dba6c at pop.pipeline.com> <32FF2971.6099 at cuckoo.com>
] > Sandy's e-mailed several of us who've sent messages about Vulis's
] > ploy to put Sandy in a conflict-of-interest bind
]   Did Sandy happen to mention how the evil Dr. Vulis managed to
] twist his impressionable young mind so that his only concern about
] libel is centered around his employer?
]   Did Sandy mention why his employer went nuclear over the mention
] of the 'b-d' word by an individual whom his employees on the list
] regularly label as a troublemaker and a nut case?
] (Methinks they doth protest _too_ much?)
]   Did Sandy mention that his employer is in the postion of owning
] the cypherpunks.com domain-name and is in a great postion to profit
] by controlling and/or destroying the cypherpunks list?
]   Did Sandy mention that when his own takeover of the list (by
] virtue of 'moving' the subscribers into a list filtered by himself)
] faltered, by becoming an open joke, that one of his fellow employees
] called for the "killing" of the list?
]   Did Sandy mention that the pecker-tracks of his employers minions
] leave a sordid trail across the whole face of this whole censorship
] farce?
]   Gee, John, I wish that I had crypto software to sell, and employees
] who were in control of the reputation capital of the cypherpunks list.
] I wish that I had a domain named cypherpunks.com waiting to capitalize
] on the cypherpunks name to sell my crypto software.
]   Of course, some asshole somewhere might regard this as a "ploy"
] to profit from creating misfortune for the cypherpunks. They might
] even think that I had a hand in that misfortune.
] > It's probably worth saving accusations of censorship for the real
]> thing
]   What fucking planet have you been living on, shit-for-brains?
]   We're not talking about "accusations," here. We're talking about
] posts by average list subscribers who are coming forward and speaking
] out about the facts surrounding the misappropriation of their posts
] in order to further the private interests of Sandy.
]   We're talking about the suppression of postings which Question
] Authority. We're talking about shit-canning postings without
] informing the list, because the actions are reprehensible. We're
] talking about censorship which, in the censor's own words, is not
] based on crypto-relevancy, but a changing morass of ill-defined
] 'Sandy rules' (or 'Sandy Rules!', if you prefer).
]   We're talking about robotic censorship where those who do not
] bend under the jackboots suppressing free speech on the cypherpunks
] list are auto-botted to cypherpunks-dontsaybadthingsaboutmyemployer.
]   Your posts are usually fairly intelligent, so I have no idea why
] you are wasting your own reputation capital attempting to defend
] an inept, lame-duck censor who is too cowardly to defend his own
] vile actions.
]   Instead, he declares that he has absolutely no interest in
] filtering out the "Make Money Fast" and "Penis-Picture" garbage
] for list members if he can't use his usurped-power to slam the
] jackboots down on any niggling detail that doesn't serve his
] own private interests.
] Cuckoo (<-- Dr. Vulis 'made' me use this name.)
Gilmore defends C2net's censorship:
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com, gnu at toad.com
]Subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up"
]Date: Tue, 11 Feb 1997 03:54:29 -0800
]From: gnu at toad.com (John Gilmore)
]Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
]Sandy hit a pothole in the moderation experiment when Mr. Nemesis
]submitted a posting containing nothing but libelous statements about
]Sandy's employer.  He never anticipated that he wouldn't be able to
]follow his announced "post it to one list or the other" policy because
]to do so would make him legally liable (in his opinion; he's a lawyer,
]I'm not).  His gears jammed, and the whole machine came to a halt for
]a few days.
Dr. Adam Back's analysis is pretty accurate:
]Date: Sun, 16 Feb 1997 23:49:09 GMT
]Message-Id: <199702162349.XAA00536 at server.test.net>
]From: aba at dcs.ex.ac.uk (Adam Back)
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Subject: Moderation experiment and moderator liability
]There appears to be a bit of a hush up surrounding the circumstances
]of the pause in the moderation experiment and subsequent change of
]moderation policy.
]To clear the air, I think it would be kind of nice if the full story
]were told, so I'll gather here a history as I understand it.
]Information from my archives (those I have), and from asking around in
]I realise that some of the actions that I am claiming of participants
]in this sequence of events seem hard to believe given their high
]reputation capital.  I was myself initially dubious on the strength of
]the reputation capital of those being critisized.
]However the below is the sequence of events as close as I can
]I welcome being proven wrong on any points.
]1. Dimitri Vulis posted a lot of off topic posts over a period of time
]2. Dimitri reposted a couple of 50k Serdar Argic revisionist articles
]3. Dimitri challenged John Gilmore to shut him up
]4. John unsubscribed Dimitri, and modified majordomo at toad.com to
]siltently ignore Dimitri's attempts to resubscribe.  Dimitri could
]still post, and presumably read cypherpunks with a different email
]address or via an archive.  It was a token unsubscription only.
]5. When Dimitri figured out what John had done, he made many posts
]denigrating John as a censor
]6. Much discussion ensued critisizing John for blocking Dimitri
]7. Over Christmas some joker subscribed cypherpunks at toad.com to a load
]of sports mailing lists, Hugh Daniels and John cleaned up the mess
]8. Followed a long thread on hardening lists against spam attacks
]9. John made a post to the list announcing that the list would be
]moderated for one month from Jan 11 as an experiment, and included
]Sandy Sandfort's proposed moderatation policy and offer to act as
]moderator.  It appeared that the moderation experiment was Sandy's
]suggestion, and that John had agreed to go along with it.
]10. Some discussion both pro and con of moderation, and the technical
], free speech, and legal aspects followed
]11. Moderation started Jan 19, the main list became the moderated list
]12. Lots of people complained about the moderation, some defended it
]Tim May quietly unsubscribed
]13. Some people complained about inconsistency in moderation -- some
]articles which went to flames were not flamish, but made by posters
]with low reputation capital, or were following up to posts which were
]14. After a while some people commented on Tim's absence, and sent him
]mail asking what happened.  Tim posted an article explaining that he
]had left because of the imposed moderation without discussion.
]15. John followed up with a post defending the moderation experiment,
]and arguing for it's popularity (he claimed as evidence the number of
]posters who had not taken the trouble to move to the unedited list).
]16. Dimitri posted an article where he claimed that there was a
]security flaw in Stronghold.  Stronghold is C2Nets commercial version
]of the freeware Apache SSL web server.  Sandy is employed by C2Net.
]17. Sandy dropped the posting entirely -- it went to neither
]cypherpunks (edited), nor cypherpunks-flames.  He considered that
]forwarding the posting would have made him legally liable.  Sandy is a
]lawyer by profession.  He did not explain this situation on the list.
]18. Tim May had by now subscribed to cypherpunks-flames, and posted
]several follow-ups to Dimitri's posting, discussing the issue of
]Dimitri's post being dropped, and stated that Dimitri's posting was
]not flamish, and should not have been dropped in his opinion.  Tim's
]postings were also silently dropped, going to neither of cypherpunks
](edited), and cypherpunks-flames.
]19. Sandy made an announcement that he was ending his participation in
]the moderation experiment.  Still no explanation of why posts were
]dropped, or even admission that they were.
]20. The two moderated cypherpunks lists (cypherpunks and
]cypherpunks-flames) went dead for some time.
]21. Tim received a warning from C2Net's lawyers that if he did not
]desist from mentioning that Dimitri had posted an article criticising
]a C2Net product that he would be sued!
]22. John posted a statement where he explained Sandy's sudden
]announcement of ending his particpation.  John explained that Sandy
]had "hit a pothole in the moderation experiment when Mr. Nemesis
]submitted a posting containing nothing but libelous statements about
]Sandy's employer".  Sandy did not drop Johns posting even though it
]covered the same topics that had resulted in Tim's posts being
]dropped, and resulted in Tim receiving legal threats from C2Net.  In
]the same post John said that he had come to the conclusion that he was
]no longer willing to host the cypherpunks list.  In this post John
]announced that Sandy had been persuaded to continue to moderate for
]the remainder of the moderation period, and gave the new policy.  The
]changes were that anything other than crypto discussion and discussion
]of forming a new cypherpunks list would go to flames, and anything
]that Sandy thought was libelous would be dropped silently.
]23. Sandy posted a statement affirming that he would continue to
]moderate, and that if any cypherpunks wished to discuss his prior
]moderation policy and performance as a moderator that they do it on
]new lists which they create themselves.
](If Sandy's current moderation criteria mean that he feels obliged to
]forward this post to cypherpunks-flames as off-topic, or even to
]silently drop it from both moderated lists, so be it.  I will simply
]repost it later, when the moderation experiment is over on one of the
]new lists.  In the event of myself receiving legal threats, I shall
]simply post it via a remailer, or rely on someone else to do so.  C2
]does not appear to be running any remailers at the moment, otherwise I
]would use a remailer hosted at c2.net as the exit node in the remailer
]The positive outcome of all this has been to make the cypherpunks list
]more resilient to legal attack.  The new distributed list seems to be
]progressing well, and will be less liable to attack.  Filtering
]services continue, as they should.  And alt.cypherpunks has been
]created as a forum ultimately resistant to legal attack.
]Also I should say that I would hope that no one holds any long term
]animosity towards any of the players in this episode, many of the
]people have been very prolific in their work to further online privacy
]and freedom, and I hope that we can all put this chapter behind us.
C2Net denied threatening to sue Tim May, so he refuted their lies:
]Message-Id: <199702170412.UAA18115 at toad.com>
]Date: Sun, 16 Feb 1997 19:14:04 -0800
]From: tcmay at got.net (Tim May)
]To: cypherpunks at toad.com
]Newgroups: alt.cypherpunks, alt.privacy, comp.org.eff.talk
]Subject: Threats of Legal Action and C2Net/Stronghold Issue
](A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
]alt.cypherpunks,  alt.privacy, comp.org.eff.talk)
]>Curiously, in a subsequent telephone conversation, Tim May
]>proposed almost that exact suggestion as an alternative form of
]>moderation that he said would have been acceptable to him.  Go
]The only phone conversation I had was with Doug Barnes, at the request of
]Doug that I urgently phone either him or Sameer. I called Doug as soon as I
]got the message. (Doug also said he was the only one in the room at the
]time, and that the call was *not* being recorded, so I have to surmise that
]Sandy got his version of things via a recap by Doug.)
]>> 21. Tim received a warning from C2Net's lawyers that if he did not
]>> desist from mentioning that Dimitri had posted an article criticising
]>> a C2Net product that he would be sued!
]>Absolutely false.
]What Doug told me was that Dimitri Vulis had already been served with a
]legal notice about his warnings about a security flaw in Stronghold, and
]that any repetition of Dimitri's claims by me or anyone else would result
]in similar legal action.
]Doug said that any repetition of the claims, even as part of a quote, would
]be seen as actionable by C2Net. "We'll vigorously defend our rights." (as
]best I can recall) He said he thought my messages, to the extent they
]merely _alluded_ to the claims were probably OK and that they would
]certainly go through to the list, as Sandy has already resigned from his
]role as moderator.
](For the record, these messages DID NOT GO THROUGH, and have not gone
]through as of tonight, 8-9 days later. However, I have forwarded them to
]several people who requested them.)
](I also did not have a recorder running, so I can't claim this is a
]verbatim summary of what was said. As to what I said about how the
]moderation thing might have been done differently, Doug and I chatted for a
]while about various alternatives. I raised the point I've made before, that
]having a "members only" policy, with some special provision for some amount
]of remailed messages, would probably best suit the notion of keeping the
]"community" running. What I told Doug was that my main objection was having
]Sandy sit in judgement to essays folks might have spent a long time
]composing, and I cited physical parties, where a host invites those he
]wants in attendance, but does not micromanage or screen conversations being
]held at the party. My sense was that Doug agreed, and agreed that the whole
]thing had been handled in a bad way...but Doug should comment to tell his
]view of things.)
]The next day, at the physical Cyperpunks meeting at Stanford, I briefly
]talked to Greg Broiles, working as a legal aide at C2Net. I told Greg he
]could "take his best shot," in terms of filing suit against me about my
]messages, as I'm prepared to fight C2Net in court on this matter, and have
]the financial resources to hire some pretty good lawyers. (I don't recall
]if Greg replied, or what his reply was.)
]In a message to Cypherpunks, I outlined my understanding of the Vulis
]report on security flaws in Stronghold, and put the claims  in the context
]of messages not appearing on either of the two main lists,  but none of my
]messages were sent to either the Main list or the Flames list.
](I also had communication with several members of the list, some known to
]me and some only pseudonyms. I have taken the precaution of erasing these
]messages and copying files to the disk on which they resided to head off
]any attempts by C2Net seize my computer and disks as part of some
]"discovery" process.)
]I find it unfortunate that C2Net is behaving in such a manner, and their
]actions are generating far more publicity about the claimed security flaws
]in Stronghold than the original Vulis message ever would have generated.
]Sunlight is the best disinfectant, as a Supreme Court justice averred. And
]suppression is a breeding ground for all sorts of bacteria, fungi, and ugly
]growth, as a less articulate person said.
In conclusion, I want to thank Dale Thorn, Toto, and all other punks who
participated in the good fight against C2net's censorship.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-05 10:21:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Correct.  I even deleted one paragraph from the C2Net lawyer letter
which dealt with the nature of my claims.
Sorry, no, as this would likely cause C2Net to sue me, as they've threatened.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-05 10:32:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nice quote 
Is that the same Don Woods who wrote the original "Colossal Cave"
adventure game?  I was studying English by playing it, many years ago.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-06 04:33:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Is it merely a coincidence that "John Young" and "John Gilmore" share
the same first name?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-06 07:26:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Alan, are you still doubting that C2Net's lawyers threatened several people
on this mailing list and demanded that they not publish the "proof"?
They called my home a number of times and served me with some papers.
I'm surprised that JYA hasn't placed the C2Net lawyer letter in his archives.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-06 12:31:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Going over my notes I see that at least one of my submissions - the
one quoting the C2Net lawyer letter in its entirety - didn't appear
even on cypherpunks-unedited.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-07 00:03:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Gestapo wants to police the Internet 
US Calls for Internet Funds Police
By Jane Martinson
Financial Times: Friday, October 3, 1997
A US securities regulator called yesterday for international
co-operation on policing the sale of cross-border mutual funds on the
Douglas Scheidt, assistant director in the investment management
division at the Securities and Exchange Commission, said: "Securities
regulators around the world should work together to find an approach,
and to find it relatively soon to satisfy the needs of everyone
Fund managers, particularly in the US, are increasingly using the
internet to market their products to investors around the world. This
causes policing problems when potential customers in other countries are
not covered by regulatory agreements. Regulations surrounding the
cross-border sale of products are still vague.
Mr Scheidt outlined his preferred approach to the issue at a meeting of
the Federation Europeenne des Fonds et Societes d'Investissement, a body
of leading European fund managers, in London yesterday.
This approach would insist on the fund management group clearly stating
the citizens it is allowed to sell to on its home page. Mr Scheidt
suggested simple wording to the effect that only US investors were able
to purchase US mutual funds, for example.
This "disclaimer" would be combined with a demand on managers to screen
out possible purchases from unauthorised countries.
Mr Scheidt advocated a "flexible approach" which recognised that fund
managers could be misled on the country of potential investors but
insisted on proof that they had done everything possible to cut down on
sales to citizens in unauthorised countries.
A solution could be the use of gateways or passwords making it harder
for potential investors to find information about a mutual fund. Mr
Scheidt said the main drawback was the cost.
He also discounted what he described as the "regulator's dream approach"
of insisting on the "facts and circumstances" of every transaction.
He felt that one of the most important virtues of these approaches was
that they did not require any legal changes to enable the internet to be
used as a marketing tool.
He said his department was also keen to look at how fund managers
marketed their products generally to potential clients on the internet.
Changes to products must be sent separately via e-mail or the post.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-07 05:57:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: off-topic 
... and if you don't like living among idiots, then move someplace where
te population makes more intelligent purchasing decision to sustain better
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-08 01:26:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Real DataHaven - Regulatory Arbitrage 
Suppose someone doesn't like Vince's client and sends that client a lot
of e-mail.  Vince will then charge the client for receiving e-mail.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-08 07:35:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: stored value cards in NYC - Motorola PR fluff. 
They suck.  I'm sticking to tokens.
They can't be all that secure... Bruce Schneier helped design the crypto.
Schneier is to cryptography that Schildt is to C programmin.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-09 07:36:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Thanks Peter! / Re: russia_1.html 
Very.  Are you indeed a pedophile?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-09 07:37:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Anthrax Bombs 
A few years ago I did several projects together with a guy who actually did
a lot of work for AUM/Russia.  I never worked with them myself, through.
P.S. One of those projects was for Baha'i.  They're quite a bunch.
"Baha'i shumnoyu tolpoyu
 Tolkali zhopoj parovoz..."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-10 04:26:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Where is _my_ blowjob? 
I think the 15-y-o did not kill the 11-o-y.  I think Chris Lewis did it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-11 11:20:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Spammers Plan Backbone 
All power to the spammers!!!
Note that the corporate whores at EFF are preparing another assault
on free speach in the form of an "anti-spam" white paper.
Fuck the Gilmore cocksucker!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-12 21:33:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Apparently a 'bot was installed on toad.com to discard my submissions from the
"unedited" list _after my article which prompted the C2net threatening lawyer
letter did make it through the "unedited" list (but was censored from the
"flames" list by C2Net).
I'm sorry to have to return to this topic that's been beaten to death and
causes me intense nausea. I figured I'll comment on two more attempts to
revise history by lying C2Net shills from Hewlett Packard and Oracle.
Please recall that C2Net created 3 lists on toad.com:
 unedited
 flames
 C2Net-approved
At one point, all my submissions to cypherpunks appeared on "unedited" and
then on "flames" with about a 3-second delay, indicating a 'bot at work. The
'bot was scrubbed when C2net decided that my writings were not suitable for
auto- forwarding to the "flames" list either. For about a week, numerous
articles by myself, Tim May, et al appeared on "unedited" but not on "flames".
Howver toward the end of the "moderation experiment" apparently a 'bot on
toad.com was filtering my submissions from the 'unedited' list as well. My Jan
30th announcement that C2Net filtered out of the flames list _did show up on
the unedited list. However my following articles, like the one quoting C2Net's
threatening lawyer letter (which I cc'd to numerous people, including JYA,
who, not surprisingly, declined to put it on his archive) did _not appear on
the "unedited" list. Nevertheless at least one lying C2Net shill from Hewlett
Packard claims that my articles appearing on the unedited list on January 30th
prove that I wasn't being filtered from "unedited" one week later.
Another lying C2net shill, Jason E. Durbin, a technical writer for Oracle,
just wrote in news.admin.net-abuse.policy:
}For those unfamiliar with the tactics Vulis uses when attempting to
}destroy moderated fora, take a look at the current, ongoing thread
}called "Stronghold" (and other variations on same) on the Cypherpunks
}mailing list archived at:
}It summarizes (including Vulis' take on the situation) Vulis' attack
}on the mailing list itself via a feigned attack on the Stronghold
}security server.
}In summary, make such an annoyance of yourself by whatever means
}necessary (posting binaries, running an insultbot, making false
}accusations, etc.) to get yourself threatened with banishment, then
}rally the free speech advocates by painting yourself as the innocent
}harmed party even though no banishment occurred.
}Interesting insights into how Vulis attempts to manipulate his victims
}into damning themselves while making him look like a victim.
}Interesting reading.
"No banishment occured" - more bizarre lies from C2Net and their supporters.
Oh, and I don't recall sending binaries to this list either.
This reminds me of the claim by Rich Graves, another C2Net/Cygnus shill, that
I'm sending "hundreds" of articles a day to this mailing list.
You may recall that the same C2net/Oracle shill Jason Durbin has been
following up on my Usenet articles in sci.crypt, comp.unix.questions, etc
with lies and libel: claiming, e.g., that I "lie about my credentials",
that I don't even have a master's degree, etc. Is C2Net paying Jason Durbin
to badmouth my academic credentials?
Jason E. Durbin, jdurbin at nl.oracle.com, jed at poisson.com,
slothrop at poisson.com, jed at best.com, jed at netcom.com.
Jason claims to work for Poisson Corporation, 8 Avocet Drive,  Redwood
Shores, CA 94065, tel +1 415 637 0435, JD503.
In real life, Jason is a lowly technical writer for Oracle Corporation, 500
Oracle Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, tel: +1 800 345 3267, +1 415 506 7000,
(+1 605 506 7000), fax: +1 415 506 7200.
Jason's manager in the technical writing department is:
Sanford Dreskin
Mail Stop:  MS-40P12
Office tel: +1 415 506 2181
Office fax: +1 415 506 7228
Home tel: +1 510 376 9526
Home addr: 859 Augusta Drive, Moraga, CA 94556-1051
In what ways are Durbin and the Hewlett-Packard liar affiliated with C2Net?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-13 07:42:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Stronghold 
I' quite certain that I cc'd the letter to JYA.
I think JYA is having a credibility problem.
If I send you the letter again, will you place it in your WWW archives?
Are you questioning the authenticity of the letter from C2Net's lawyers?
Give me your fax # and and I'll fax it to you.  Ask c2Net to verify
whether it's authentic.
I think Tim May is cool, except when he flames me for now reason.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-10-13 11:48:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: James A. Michner [non-crypto] 
ObPerrygram: unless there were stego messages hidden in his books, you're
waaaaaaaaaaaay off-topic, Jim.
Harold Highland, whom I've had the honor of meeting a few times, passed
away about a month ago.  There's a eulogy by Gene Spafford in the IEEE
Electronic Newsletter on Security and Privacy.
Also a good friend who worked with me at NASA (and worked on the Apollo
project before) just passes a way.
Feels like a plague on good people.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-01 21:41:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Carding 
If your credit card number is stolen and misused, and you follow the
procedures, your credit is not affected.
The financial institutions eat the losses from fraud (humongous), then
pass them on cardholders and merchants.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-02 01:32:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your mail 
A couple of years ago "hackers" got hold of the credit card numbers being
billed by panix.com, a (lousy) NYC ISP. of course that was much less3
than a hundred thousand cards :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-02 04:40:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Information 
Don't "escrow" your keys.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-02 09:59:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Information 
Don't ask, don't tell.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-03 01:34:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: You really do want to volunteer, don't you? 
Please nuke Washington, DC.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-03 10:56:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Death Pictures of Diana on InterNet!!! 
Did the Queen cunt place any bets of Di's death recently?
AP or not, all royal scum deserve to die in a gas chamber.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-03 11:02:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Death Pictures of Diana on InterNet!!! 
This is off-topic, but... Why do people refer to the bastards who ran
Di's card off the road by some weird italian name?
They're JOURNALISTS.  Just like Declan here.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-03 20:02:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: You really do want to volunteer, don't you? (fwd) 
Probably not.  He works for Sameer Parekh.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-03 21:04:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Missing Kids and Porn Links 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-05 07:28:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
I believe in New York State the car owner is liable for the fine, but no
one gets points off the licence based on the photo.
In some jurisdictions one can get a ticket for having too much mud or dust
on the licence tag, making it hard to read.
P.S. Also in NYS cars have a paper sticker on the inside of the windshield
listing among other things the recent mileage, the year, and the licence Tim's idea of using another car's tags won't work here.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-05 07:36:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
A little laser aimed at the right place at the right time?
(My late grandfather lost an eye in a laser accident)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-05 07:36:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Plunger Pervert Returns to Work 
This Volpe guy has been convicted in the media already.
I don't know about Prof. Duvos, but I'm not psychic, haven't been there,
and haven't seen anything.  We have a collection of highly contradictory
statements from the same folks whose official party line is that OJ didn't
butcher two people and that Tawana Brawley (remember her?) was raped by
white cops. I haven't seen any evidence that would contradict the defense's
claim that the victim was sodomized with the plunger in the night club before
he was taken into custody by the police.
By the way, have you seen the alleged daughter whom the victim hasn't been
in touch with since her birth?  Now that her mother got the whiff of tens of
millions of dollars in settlement, she's very interested in her alleged father.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-05 10:13:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Plunger Pervert Returns to Work 
One of the stories given by the alleged victim was that he wasn't
fighting the cops at all.  Someone else supposedly punched Volpe and
Volpe supposedly mistook Louima for him. Yeah, right, and Tawana
Brawley was raped, and O.J. is innocent.
And he is Haitian and does look gay.  Remember the "4H" originally high
risk groups for AIDS, later hushed up for being politically incorrect?
I believe in "innocent until proven guilty," even if I don't like the
accused's line of work.
I understand that one of the motherfucker shysters who represented O.J.Simpson
in his criminal trial is now representing Louima in a civil suit against NYC.
NYC taxpayers, get ready for an income tax hike. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-05 19:33:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Show Me the Warheads! 
I hope one of them is used to nuke Washington, Dc.
Never a good time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-08 20:14:53
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Online Casino - REAL MONEY!! 
How kosher is this:
]Date: Thu, 4 Sep 1997 21:51:06 -0400 (EDT)
]From: mxzr2 at savetrees.com
]Subject: Online Casino - REAL MONEY!!
]Reply-To: mxzr2 at savetrees.com
]It's not 'like' the real thing,  it IS the real thing!!   Goto:  ]The time has come to enjoy casino games online from the comfort of your own home.
]17 games are now available.  All the traditional games are available:
]Blackjack, Poker, Slot Machines, Roulette, Baccarat, Keno and much much more . . . .
]Play for fun, or if it is legal in your jurisdiction, PLAY FOR REAL MONEY!!
]Open up a real money account and we will give you $25 FREE!!
]It is that simple . . . .     Goto:  ]                 GET IN ON THE ACTION . . .  CLICK BELOW NOW
]                           ]                             and we will show you the money
]Again, to check out our ONLINE CASINO, please goto:

@_date: 1997-09-09 10:05:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Nuke Washington DC.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-09 10:05:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: GAK patents, anyone? 
Does Sylvio work for the Sicilian Mafia?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-09 20:23:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nuke Washington, DC 
It's a pity Jim Bell's in jail.  If he saw this thread, he would have
suggested a slew of chemicals that could be dumped surreptitously in
the ater supply and not dectected until everybody is dead.
(Yes, adding radioactive materials to "conventional" explosives is
a pretty old idea.  The allies kept talking about it during WWII.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-10 19:37:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Is Sameer upset because so many senators and congresspersons are Jewish?
Just have your shysters send them a barratrous leter. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-10 19:38:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Suitcase for sale 
You don't need some complicated delivery systems for a nuke...
Just leave it in the trunk of a car parked within a few blocks
from the target.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:27:06
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: New Forbes Article 
Have Sameer's lawyers send them a threatening letter.
Heck, have Sameer's lawyers send EVERYBODY a letter. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:41:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nuclear Hedge Funds 
Actually, the Germans were aware of the plans and indicated that
they'd kill the about 500K U.S. and British POWs if this happened.
(They treated the latter much better than they treated Polish
and Russian POWs, who were often summarily gassed.)
For the same reason the Germans and the Allies didn't use poison
gas in Europe during WW2, although both sides used it liberally
in WW1, and the Japanese used it a lot against the Chinese.
Game theory and stuff. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-11 12:42:23
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Nuclear Hedge Funds 
Where is the vice president usually during the state of the union address?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-12 08:33:43
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freeh says FBI doing great, supports Weaver killer 
The fucker deserves a fair trial, and only then an execution.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-12 23:25:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Information Please 
Start with the Declaration of Independence... :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-12 23:25:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Different Ways Polly Klaas Could Have Been Killed 
Did Pedophile Chris Lewis kill Polly Klaas?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-14 11:56:27
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Foreign language traffic on the CDR?... 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-14 12:17:05
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Real issue of crypto controls: security or taxation loss? 
I tried to subscribe and was told that vnet doesn't like me.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-16 07:23:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Write obnoxious and threatening lawyer letters.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-19 01:41:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: PGP signature legal standing? 
IANAL, but: what if you first sign a paper contract saying that PGP
signatres are binding?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-20 01:32:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: A newsgroup for exposing Usenet pedophiles 
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from ns.crynwr.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA24849 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Fri, 19 Sep 97 08:41:11 -0400
Received: (qmail 31458 invoked by uid 0); 19 Sep 1997 12:43:53 -0000
Received: from desk.crynwr.com (128.153.44.67)
  by ns.crynwr.com with SMTP; 19 Sep 1997 12:43:53 -0000
Received: (qmail 12012 invoked by uid 501); 19 Sep 1997 12:51:04 -0000
I am now filtering out any mail with the word ``vulis'' in it.
You were warned.

@_date: 1997-09-25 09:57:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NAMBLA 
Better yet, ask Prof. Crispin about his collection of pics of little boys
WITHOUT swimsuits.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 01:55:59
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Declan forged quotes from me in his nutly news piece about Gilmore pulling
my plug.
Also, seeing much traffic cross-posted between cypherpunks and the fight-
censorship list, I sent a subscribe request to majordomo at vorlon.
I got back a robotic response saying Declan is reviewing my request...
Then nothing.  Apparenttly Declan doesn't want me reading his list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:41:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Chutzpah! FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
I wouldn't expect anything less from a "C2Net moderation extremist".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:43:12
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Go ahead, forger.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:47:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
This is a lie.  I pointed out the forgery right after Declan posted his
netly news piece on this mailing list.  You may recall that Declan was
one of the few people openly supportive of Gilmore's censorship - both
in his mailing list traffic and editorializing in his netly news piece.
The only reason why I mentioned Declan's forgery again is because I saw
Declan's lack of accuracy and disregard for the truth being discussed
again, by CDT.  I don't know why he worked up his panties in such a knot.
Declan's been trying to picture himself as a "freedom fighter" of sorts
on this forum. Well, the truth is that he supported Gilmore's censorship
and more recently didn't allow me to read his mailing list, aptly
named "fight-censorship".
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:59:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Child Molester Prevention and Effective Sentencing Act 
The worst pedophiles on Internet today are Chris Lewis, a Canadian, and
Nick Sandru, a Romanian living in Denmark.
There's a web site dedicated to listing pedophiles from California -
I think it's   Can someone please check
if the usual suspects are there?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 08:09:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Declan's been trying to build up a reputation as a freedom of speech
advocate.  Even I was taken in by his deception until Steve Boursy
opened by eyes and told me that Declan is a pro-censorship scumbag.
As for Declan's employers, it's not a freedom of speech issue. He gets
paid to write. If he continues to write lies and to fabricate quotes,
they'll be right to fire him. He's free to continue lying on his own time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-27 21:55:11
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Charles Platt on wiretaps, government abuse of power 
No wonder that lying forger Declan is friends with the lying psychopath
Charles Platt.  Declan, you threatened to post the transcript of my
interview - please go ahead, so everyone can confirm that you forged
quotes from me.
Sample e-mail from Charles Platt, discussing his view of the polices:
Received: (from cp at localhost) by panix.com (8.8.5/8.7/PanixU1.3) id AAA21949; Sat, 22 Mar 1997 00:43:01 -0500 (EST)
Okay, Vulis, that's it, you have made an explicit threat in a public
forum, I know where you live, I know your phone number, in fact I once
spoke to you on the phone, and I will be suggesting to the rather slow
witted people at my local police precinct that you have already
demonstrated unstable, threatening behavior toward many people, giving me
good reason to believe that you are capable of assault.
This is the last you will hear from me online. Anything further will be
stated in person.
Sample usenet articles by Charles Platt:
Newsgroups:   alt.torture
I suggest an enhancement to the basic phone-torture scenario. Buy a cheap
answering machine that picks up on the third or fourth ring. Inside the
answering machine there is usually a relay that closes when the machine
picks up. It might be interesting to adapt that relay to supply an
electric shock to the slave. Thus, the slave gets to sit and listen as the
phone rings once, twice, a third time ... and of course, sometimes the
master hangs up BEFORE the fourth ring, just to make life more
It seems to me, true torture has to entail anticipation and uncertainty.
Newsgroups:   alt.torture
Trouble is, in the long term this tends to result in enlargement of the
prostate. Of course that can be a torture in itself (urinary problems etc)
and I'm not saying you shouldn't do it, but at least the victim should be
aware of these potential long-term penalties.
Newsgroups:   alt.torture
You're right, the ring signal is AC. Old phones used a rectifier that
would pass the AC and ring the bell. When the ringing signal is not
present, there is a DC potential on the line. This isn't painful but the
AC ring signal does, er, give you a shock.
This doesn't have much to do with torture, does it? Unless, of course,
you regard boredom as a form of torture. "Tonight, my dear, I am going to
tie you down--and read interesting facts about the TELEPHONE SYSTEM!"
Newsgroups: alt.torture
All I can tell you is I used to fool around with one of these things, as a
kid, with a friend. As kids, we took turns with one person turning the
handle while the other took a wire in each hand. As an adult, I would say
this is definitely not such a great idea. I find it hard to believe,
however, that you're going to do any harm if the two (dry) conductors
touch (dry) skin just a few inches apart. As a previous post said, avoid
running current through major organs (heart, brain, etc!).
A previous post gave various resistance values for skin. If you want to
know how much current the generator will pass through skin, first obtain a
potentiometer (variable resistor) that can take a reasonable amount of
current--1 watt, say. Use a volt/amp/ohm meter to calibrate the
potentiometer--i.e. mark where the knob points for 1000 ohms, 5000 ohms,
etc. Now attach one wire from your generator to one side of the
potentiometer, link the other side of your potentiometer with your
volt/amp/ohm meter, switch the meter to measure CURRENT (amps), and attach
the other side of the meter to the other wire of your generator. In other
words, the generator, potentiometer, and meter form a closed daisy chain.
Crank the handle at different potentiometer settings and see what readings
you get from your meter. This will only be an APPROXIMATE guide, and you
may want to check the skin resistance of your actual test subject too.
Note: all the above advice dates back to stuff I did 25 years ago. I think
it's accurate (if it's not, someone will probably flame me anyway); but
as with all forms of consensual torture, it might be a good idea to try it
on yourself first.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-28 04:19:24
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: D.A.R.E.--Drugs Are Reality Enhancers 
Quasi-crypto-related: my wife's wants to buy a color printer.  Is it hard to
make transfers(?) that one can iron on a blank T-shirt? Do they last? Are some
color printers better than others? Hey, maybe I'll make some cool T-shirts.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-29 09:29:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Encrypted terrorist plot information 
V guvax vg jbhyq or pbby vs gur VEN be fbzr bgure serrqbz svtugre
betnavmngvba oyrj hc Cevzr Zvavfgre Oynver sbe onaavat unaqthaf.
V urneq gung uvf erfvqrapr vf ng:
                         10 QBJAVAT FGERRG
V ubcr guvf yvggyr ovg bs vasb urycf.
V'z rapelcgvat guvf zrffntr gb uvqr sebz Cuvy Unyynz-Onxre.
Cyrnfr fraq $1 gb Frna Srva rirel gvzr Cuvy fnlf fbzrguvat.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-29 10:45:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: engineering infowar disasters (was Re: How the FBI/NSA forces can further tw 
I suggest that every time Phil posts to this mailing list, we all
send $1 each to Sean Fein.
I suggest we discuss the detailed plans how to blow up the queen bitch,
prime Minister Blair, and the Harrods department store and hope that
someone implements these plans.
I suggest that Phil is an idiot.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-29 12:20:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Memo From Washington Gestapo Tyranny 
I, for some, enjoy your writings very much!!!1!!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-02 02:02:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Need electron microscope 
He he he - your asshole employer (C2Net) can't afford to buy equipment,
so you need to beg on mailing lists like a pauper? He he he.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-02 12:21:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (none) 
An old one for those who forgot it already...
If Bill is , then who's Hillary?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-02 13:05:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bush Gang Suspected In Assault On Presidency 
Path: perun!news
Newsgroups: local.echorel
Sender: news at bwalk.dm.com
Reply-To: LaRouche Issues Mailing List Organization: Covici Computer Systems
Bush gang suspected in new assault on Presidency
by Edward Spannaus and Jeffrey Steinberg
In the midst of the worst global financial crisis in modern history, the
United States Presidency has come under renewed, vicious attack from a
combination of British and nominally ``American'' Bush-League circles.
This latest attack, which one White House official long ago
appropriately dubbed ``bimbo eruptions,'' centered around a Bush
``mole'' who was, unfortunately, allowed to operate inside the Clinton
administration, and who now enjoys high-level security clearances in her
post at the Pentagon.
Linda Tripp, the central player in the renewed assault against President
Clinton--staged around a purported sex scandal involving a young White
House intern, Monica Lewinsky--was a Bush administration employee from
1990, until Bush left office in January 1993. At the urging of senior
Bush administration officials, including Transportation Secretary Sam
Skinner, Tripp was retained by the Clinton-Gore transition team in a
clerical position, and later assigned to work at the Office of the White
House General Counsel, under Bernard Nussbaum and his deputy, Vincent
Foster. All the while, she was operating as part of a treasonous
Bush-League ``fifth column'' within the Executive branch.
While the ``Get Clinton'' media have attempted to portray Tripp as
``apolitical,'' she was, in fact, an ally, from the Bush administration
period on, of then-FBI agent Gary Aldrich, who, in 1996, wrote a
libellous book against President Clinton, {Unlimited Access: An FBI
Agent Inside the Clinton White House,} which also revolved around bogus
claims of White House sexual misconduct (see {EIR,} July 26, 1996,
p.|72.) Aldrich was another Bush-League mole inside the Clinton White
House. His embarrassingly fantasy-ridden book has been trumpetted by the
London-based Hollinger Corporation, the leading British Crown media
cartel; by its subsidiary, {American Spectator} magazine; and by ``Get
Clinton'' money-bags Richard Mellon Scaife.
Tripp emerged in 1995 as an asset of Whitewater Independent Counsel
Kenneth Starr, testifying before the Whitewater grand jury and later
before a Congressional hearing on the death of Vincent Foster. When
Lloyd Cutler replaced Nussbaum as White House General Counsel, Tripp,
who by then had been widely identified as an unabashed political enemy
of President Clinton, was reassigned to the Pentagon, where she
eventually got an $80,000-a-year job, which also involved her getting
top-level security clearances. Tripp claimed, to anyone who would
listen, that she had been transferred from the White House because she
``knew too much about Whitewater,'' a patent lie.
Commenting on the role of Tripp as the linchpin in the latest
Clintongate assault, Lyndon LaRouche called on Jan. 22 for Tripp's
security clearances to be immediately revoked, pending the outcome of a
thorough probe of her role in the sordid affair. ``She obviously needs
her security clearances immediately pulled, given her role in what has
all the earmarks of an illegal attack against the President, ostensibly
on behalf of partisan Republican forces. I would certainly hope that
there is no one in the Pentagon who would countenance such an obvious
assault against a vital American institution, the Presidency. I would
expect such treachery from the editorial page writers at the {Wall
Street Journal,} but not from our military.''
               - An earlier `eruption' -
In the summer of 1997, Tripp surfaced again as part of an effort to hit
President Clinton with a ``Profumo''-style sex scandal, telling
{Newsweek} that the President had sexually harassed a White House aide,
Kathleen Willey. Willey denied, under oath, that Tripp's allegations
were true. This prompted President Clinton's attorney, Robert Bennett,
belatedly, in August 1997, to denounce Tripp as a liar.
While working at the Pentagon, in late 1996, Tripp had already begun to
cultivate a close relationship with a former White House junior staff
aide, 22-year-old Monica Lewinsky, who had been recently transferred to
the Defense Department. It is unclear how the two women came to meet,
but in short order, Tripp began to exert a significant amount of control
over the younger woman. Tripp should be forced, under oath, to detail
the circumstance under which she met and befriended Lewinsky.
Tripp soon betrayed Lewinsky's confidence by surreptitiously--and,
probably, illegally--taping telephone conversations with Lewinsky.
By December 1997, Tripp and Lewinsky had {both,} mysteriously, been
subpoenaed to give depositions to attorneys for Paula Jones, in her
civil lawsuit against the President--a lawsuit instigated by British
intelligence operator and former London {Sunday Telegraph} Washington
correspondent Ambrose Evans-Pritchard. How Jones's attorneys came to
know of the existence of Tripp and Lewinsky is one question that may
hold a key to Tripp's role in the present attack against the President.
It should be recalled that, prior to being named the independent counsel
in Whitewater, Kenneth Starr had been paid by Richard Mellon Scaife,
through the Landmark Legal Foundation, to prepare an {amicus curiae}
brief in support of Paula Jones.
Tripp claims that, on Jan. 12, 1998, she took 20 hours of tape-recorded
conversations with Lewinsky to Whitewater Special Prosecutor Starr. The
next day, Starr arranged for Tripp to secretly tape her meeting with
Lewinsky at the Ritz Carlton Hotel near the Pentagon in Arlington,
At the time that Starr arranged for the FBI to secretly tape the
Tripp-Lewinsky meeting, {he had absolutely no jurisdiction to probe
President Clinton's relationship to the former White House aide.}
Indeed, it is critical that a full-scale probe be conducted, to
determine whether Tripp, who was in league with Starr from 1995, was
taping her conversations with Lewinsky on her own, or, covertly, on
behalf of Starr. At minimum, Starr vastly overstepped his jurisdiction;
far more likely, he himself broke the law--along with Tripp--in a
flagrant attempt to entrap and destroy President Clinton.
                 - No U.S. precedent -
In the 200-year history of the American Presidency, there have been
occasional sexual scandals involving top government officials; however,
never has such a personal scandal brought down the chief executive.
There is only one country in the world where heads of government are
brought to their knees through such tabloid scandal-mongering: Great
Britain. In 1963, Harold Macmillan's government was brought down by a
sex scandal involving Defense Minister John Profumo.
It is, therefore, not surprising that a review of the various
Clintongate scandals, from the 1993 so-called ``Troopergate'' affair to
the present attack, reveals that British intelligence stringer and
former {Sunday Telegraph} Washington correspondent Ambrose
Evans-Pritchard has been the chief instigator. As early as May 8, 1994,
in a {Sunday Telegraph} column, Evans-Pritchard boasted that he had been
instrumental in getting Paula Jones to file her civil suit against the
Evans-Pritchard has elsewhere boasted that his assignment, on behalf of
the British Crown's Hollinger Corporation, has been nothing less than
the total destruction of the Clinton Presidency. Writing in the Jan. 22
{Daily Telegraph,} Evans-Pritchard loudly bragged of his manipulation of
Paula Jones: ``My impression after befriending her four years ago,
before she took the momentous step of suing the President, is that her
motive was sheer rage.''
``Paula Jones has now achieved her object of inflicting massive damage
on Bill Clinton, with shortening odds that she may ultimately destroy
his Presidency,'' he continued. Evans-Pritchard accuses the U.S. news
media of covering up the Clinton sex scandals, so that only the
{American Spectator} or the British press will print the stories. ``What
Paula Jones has done is to use the immense power of legal discovery to
force the scandal to the surface. She has finally done the job that the
American media failed to do so miserably.''
This was precisely the strategy that Evans-Pritchard had laid out in
1994, when he acknowledged on May 8, 1994, that he had had ``a dozen
conversations with Mrs. Jones over the past two months.'' He furthermore
admitted that ``I happened to be present at a strategy meeting last
month on a boat on the Arkansas River,'' at which Jones's attorney ``was
weighing the pros and cons of legal action.''
It doesn't ``matter all that much whether Mrs. Jones ultimately wins or
loses her case,'' he wrote on May 15, 1994. ``The ticking time bomb in
the lawsuit lies elsewhere, in the testimony of other witnesses.''
``Put plainly,'' Evans-Pritchard blurted, ``the political purpose of the
Jones lawsuit is to reconstruct the inner history of the Arkansas
Governor's Mansion, using the legal power of discovery. In effect, the
two lawyers and their staff could soon be doing the job that the
American media failed to do during the election campaign and have
largely failed to do since.''
Evans-Pritchard's motive, in contrast to Jones's ``sheer rage,'' is a
deep, abiding hatred of the United States, and particularly, the
institution of its Presidency. Anyone who joins Evans-Pritchard in this
unfolding assault upon the Presidency, is joining the ranks of traitor
Aaron Burr.
A thorough probe of the current insurrection, beginning with a spotlight
on Linda Tripp, is more than appropriate.

@_date: 1998-02-02 18:40:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of 
Let's collect Timmy's words of wisdom for posterity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-02 20:57:16
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) ( 
Minor nit: most people who do use credit cards don't "own" them either.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-03 02:57:51
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bush Gang Suspected In Assault On Presidency 
The only remaining one that I know of. :-)
I read their mailing list; it's actually interesting. He certainly was
right about predicting the credit problems in the far east and their
spread to Russia.
I found this so amusing that I forwarded it to the list.
Yes, LaRouche likes Clinton.
Also laRouche has a math ph.d. as does Ted Kachynzki.  Do you know any
other kookie math PhDs around here?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-03 11:29:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Bush Gang Suspected In Assault On Presidency 
You heard right.  And you know what oranization is by far the biggest
employer of math phds...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-04 06:02:41
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: The War on Some Debts 
Ah yes; once it's established that a parent owing alimony can be forced
to work "to protect the children", expect similar treatments for taxes
and credit card debt and judgments.
The credit card issues are also lobbying very hard to exempt credit card
debts from bankrucpy.
For most of humanity's history, interest rates on loans to individuals
were around 100-200% per annum; default rate was proportionate; bad
debtors were jailed or enslaved; children inherited debt; etc. Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-05 12:23:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Changing to Moderated Cypherpunks -- How? 
You ask John Gilmore and Sandy Sandfart if you can suck their cocks.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-06 09:16:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig (fwd) 
Software development seems to be thriving in countries that aren't very keen
on enforcing copyright laws - do you care to explain why?
Hmm... There's no copyright on perfumes.  There are market leaders in perfumes,
but no monopoly; hardly even an olygopoly.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-06 09:17:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Changing to Moderated Cypherpunks -- How? 
Guy Polis thinks that anyone smarter than him (and that's 99.99% of the
population) is my tentacle.  He thinks everything on this list except
him and Timmy May is my tentacle, including you too, Adam.
Guy Polis (guy at panix.com, eviljay at bway.net) is a pedophile child
molester who was fired from his consulting position at Salomon Brothers
after he was caught masturbating in his cubicle at the child pornography
JPEGs that he downloaded from the Internet.
In retaliation, Guy Polis spammed the firewalls mailing list with megabytes
of e-mail logs that he "intercepted" at Salomon Brothers, and accused
several of his former co-workers and supervisors of various crimes.
As far as I can determine, Guy Polis has been unemployed since the time
he was fired from Salomon.  If anyone knows otherwise, please let me know.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-07 17:31:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
Also Metronorth coming into Grand Central on 42nd st.., But:
Most subways are underground in Manhattan. A device that gives off enough
bang to be felt above ground has to be at least as big as a suitcase. How
likely is a suitcase unaccompanied by a human to go unnoticed on NYC
subway? Not very. Under a bus seat? A little less noticeable.
A smaller timed device would be limited to blowing up or gassing or
incinerating only whoever's on the subway - and the worthy victims
don't take the subway.
I think a parked car (or a car driven by a suicidal driver) is more
likely for delivering a suitcase or larger.
I object to any terrorist plans that don't include the complete
destruction of Columbia University and the City College too. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-08 08:25:21
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
NYC is the seat of the United Nations.  It would make a good nuke target
during one of those UN events when a bunch of heads of state visit.
For an impact on the financial markets, nuke NYC and London at least.
NYC is also vulnerable to chemicals in the water system.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-09 03:37:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Another Linus market observation... 
I disagree.  There are plenty of printed publications about the hardware
that Linux runs on (i.e. Intel and compatible boxes) (not that I read them).
There are also rags about Unix, which are almost entirely applicable to Linux.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-09 03:38:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Guy Polis is a pedophile 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-09 05:53:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cypherpunks share cookies 
I've updated the cookie-sharing page at:
Please share your cookies!
I'm having a bit of a problem with the cookie from Firefly.com and other
sites that use their passport software (parts of barnes&noble, quitnet.org,
mylaunch.com, filmfinder.com, etc).
After a log in (as cypherpunks:cypherpunks, naturally), the server sends a
FIREFLYTICKETV3 cookie which appears to contain the username and
a timestamp.  After about 24 hours the cookie expires and one has to log
in again.  If someone can set the expiration date far in the future,
I'll add the cookie to the shared cookie list; otherwise they're useless.
Here's a sequence of "firefly ticket" cookies over a few days:
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHSNMH_\SVGHJHLGMISRUUNIGI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVHHGHKGFISRYUOILI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVHHHHEGOIVR[UKIII
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVHHHHFGIIXRZUKIOI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVHHGHKGFISRYUOILI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVHHHHEGOIVR[UKIII
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVHHHHFGIIXRZUKIOI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\WVJHGHEGJITRUUNIMI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\XVEHLHJGKIXRRUNIHI
                WWKKILVVLLXVbVHKOHTNFHa\XVEHLHKGJIVRUUKIMI
                                     ^^^^^^     **********
The expiration is triggered by the piece I marked ^^^.  Munging the end
of the cookie (marked ***) doesn't seem to invalidate the cookie.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-09 08:12:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rec.guns et.al. blocked by censorware 
Steve Boursy reports that another censorware vendor has been caught mailbombing
a critic (sent her >400 junk e-mails) in retaliation for her criticism.
Guy Polis is a pedophile.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-09 22:06:14
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: 145 Million 
^^^^^^^^^^ jail :-)
I suspect they used much more than steroids and that half the chemicals
are so secret they're not illegal yet.  You don't think Russian gymnast
girls were on steroids, do you? ;-) (They do have to take the Pill, so
they don't get their period in the middle of a performance.)
Guy Polis is a pedophile who became interested in cryptography because
he didn't want to the cops to read the child pornography pictures on his
hard disk.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-10 03:29:01
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
Don't know about LA, but New York City gets its water supplies from open
reservoirs upstate - a terrorist's dream.
Vote for Monica - get a free blow job.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-10 08:40:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
One can "disrupt" the water supply by just making a credible assertion that
it's been poisoned - but it won't kill nearly as many people as actual
poison (or virus/bacteria).
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-10 14:55:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
Yes, psyops (no ch) - the most venerable field of information warfare.
By the same reasoning, a bomb threat won't get a building evacuated if
the authorities can check whether the bomb is there...
A psychopath like Guy Polis could just call a TV station and claim that
he put some poison in the water supply which would take a few days to
test for.
NYC is one of the few major cities where the tap water is good enough to
drink and actually tastes good.
One could use brute force and just blow up enough redundant towers...
Or short them with a kite. :-)
NYC has pretty good public transporation... I don't think a terrorist can
do a lot by screwing up the traffic.
I recall that there was a bunch of bomb threates at Salomon Brothers last
year, right after Guy Polis was fired from his contractor job.  Do you
suppose the psychotic pedophile did it?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-11 09:20:34
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
So I can't demand that the censorware peddlers not mailbomb me?
The mentally retarded pedophile Guy Polis tried to mailbomb me from his
former eviljay at bway.net account, and bway.net pulled his plug in minute.
Is that censorship?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-11 18:27:29
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Me & Louis Freeh 
I don't like people who forge quotes from me in their netly news "exposes",
as Declan has done.
Center for Democracy in Technology doesn't like Declan either - they've even
complained to Declan's editors at Time Warner about his lies and fabrications.
What does it mean when the Vulis, CDT, and the FBI all agree?
P.S. Declan, are you an alcoholic?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-12 05:23:52
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Me & Louis Freeh 
Translation: Declan is eagerly reading everything I write, ready to
masturbate whenever I mention his name.
Should I follow CDT's example and complain to Declan's bosses at Time Warner
about his lies, forgeries, and fabrications?
I find it amusing that Declan is acting as a judge of what constitutes
orthodox libertarianism.  Please recall that Declan was one of the few
people on this list who wholeheartedly supported Gilmore/Sandfart's
"moderation experiment" and editorialized in favor of Gilmore trying to
kick me off of this mailing list.  Note also that Timmy "cocksucker" May
and his new friend, the degenerate child molester Guy Polis, are again
flooding this mailing list with forged spam while calling for moderating it.
I'm also amused by Declan's refusal to answer my question (whether he is
an alcoholic).  Declan's role models in malicious journalism are scum like
the pathological liar Charlie Platt and the late Chris French.  Numerous
articles posted on sci.cryonics by Platt's former business partners in
his fraudulent "corpsicle" venture describe him as "perpetually drunk".
Chris French too used to start drinking early in the morning and was in
the state of drunken stupor by early afternoon.  I hope that my exposing
him to AP as a Declan-class liar and an incompetent forger contributed to
his drinking himself to death.
Where is Chris French buried?  I feel like pissing on his grave.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-04 00:21:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
Joe Kennedy was a common thug, no different from the Gambinos and the
Genoveses. He made millions of dollars during the prohibition smuggling
whiskey from Canada. He personally murdered numerous of fellow drug dealers
and law enforcement officers (OK, he's not all bad :-) and dozens more were
murdered on his orders. He then bought political offices for his kids,
which is precisely what his colleagues - cocaine and heroin deales from
Cali, medellin, etc cartels - get blamed for in Mexico and Colombia.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-05 14:54:50
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
I'm shocked.  I thought the purpose of the perry-moderated list was to
let him reject submissions AND send perrygrams, not just silenty drop
them on the floor!
During the Gilmore/C2net "moderation experiment", Sandy Sandfart not
only silently deleted the submissions he didn't like (he lied when
he claimed that everything he rejects is forwarded to the rejects
list), he also had C2Net lawyers threatening several people whose
articles were rejected, including myself and Timmy May.
Perry can learn a lot from Sandy Sandfart.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-06 08:42:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
"Evolution in action."
Thank you, Michael Kennedy, for improving humanity's gene pool.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-07 22:12:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sentencing for Electronic Copyright Infringement 
And if Timmy knew a bit more about cryptography than he could learn by browsing
through Bruce Schneier's book, the ninja narc raiders wouldm't be able to find
shit on any of his media. :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-09 12:11:54
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Jalon'sWorld and Evil Money Laundering 
Do you possibly happen to know a source for historical time series: Sa~o Tome
Dorba exchange rates to USD and also interest rates at different tenors?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-09 12:15:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Schneier's metrocard cracked 
I heard on the radio that the security scheme used in New York City metrocards
(designed with much input frm Bruce Schneier) has been cracked and that the
"hackers" can now add fare to the cards.
Does anyone know any details?  What encryption did Schneier use?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-09 13:09:17
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
That's a very interesting idea.
Consider Fischer Black, who passed away a couple of years ago. His most
important contribution to science was the basic Black-Sholes equation.
What were his direct economic rewards for having come up with it? Not much,
really. He was already a tenured full professor at MIT. However as the
result of his discovery he got hired away by Goldman Sachs as a VP, and
later became a full partner. He did quite a bit of work at GS; none of it
as spectacular as the Black-Scholes equation; almost none of it published
in the open literature. Can we say that the bulk of his $50 million was for
the research he did while at MIT and not at Goldman (and which benefited
everyone in the industry, not just Goldman)? Did Goldman bet that Black
would deliver results comparable in importance to the B-S equation, which
Goldman would keep proprietary? Did Goldman win this bet (meaning, we
wouldn't really know if they did)?
I know another guy whom I won't name because he's still alive. He too is a
tenured professor and has published numerous papers in refereed journals.
His results are used by many people in the financial industry to make money.
A few years ago he made an interesting discovery in statistics. Instead of
publishing it, he and his coauthor took it to some investors and showed them
how to make lots of money trading on these results. The investors then said,
basically: yes we signed a nondisclosure agreement, but now that we know
what this is about, we're going to use it and we won't pay you a penny and
you don't have the money to sue us. Which is precisely what happened; the
result is still not published, but is slowly circulating through the quant
investing community.
The same guy informed me later that he discovered a closed-form solution to
some very interesting problems 9related to Black-Scholes) which according to
the open literature either can't be done accurately at all, or require
incredible amounts of cpu time for monte carlo simulations. he doesn't
wish tio publish it (although it would make him quite a celebrity) and
now he's going crazy trying to figure out a way to sell it in such a way
that he can't get screwed again. How would crypto help if at all?
Oh and by the way I suspect that a few minor crypto ideas in my PhD thesis
were known to certain British cryptographers in the 30s but never published
in the open literature.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-09 13:28:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
Same thing...
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-09 14:19:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
I like to call Timmy "Timmy" necause it's fun to watch Timmy twitch.
     +-----
  O #   |          Which one is Guy Polis
  | |          and which one is Timmy May?
._ \ |
     +-
     Stop AIDS!
When Timmy claims to killfile someone, it really means that he's paying a
special obsessive-compulsive attention to anything that person writes.
Here, Timmy, Timmy, Timmy!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-09 14:20:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
Janos Bolyai was the son of the math professor Farkas B. in Buda(best).
While an undergraduate, he was working with a fellow named Szasz on
non-euclidean geometry. In 1832 he published his findings as an appendix
to his father's textbook. he did show that Euclid's axiom about parallel
lines is independent of the others and did explore the geometry that
arises if you omit this axiom. According to my sources, the appendix
is "Wronski-like" to the point of unreadability. Apparently no one
actually read it until B. started arguing about who did what first.
The Russian mathematician Lobachavsky, in Kazan, came up with very
similar results at the same time. He announced them at a talk in 1826
and published them in 1829. he was clearly first. There's no evidence
that B. knew of L.'s results; these ideas were coming naturally from
the work of the other mathematicians at this time.
In 1837 B. submitted a paper on quaternions to some sort of competition;
it received a very nagative review, which caused him to go crazy.
He started working on logical foundations of geometry in weird ways,
setting himself goals that he couldn't achieve. Then in 1940 he came
across a German translation of Lobachevsky's paper on non-eucldiean
geometry. he went totally bonkers, claiming that a) Lobachevsky is
not a real person, but a "tentacle" of Gauss; b) that gauss is out
to nail him, b) that their result is wrong anyway (although he never
explained how). He died relatively young and totally insane.
As someone pointed out, much of gauss's writings were not published until
after his death. The folsk researching his notes were shocked to discover
that Gauss did actually come up with very similar non-euclidean geometry
ideas as early as 1818 (not surprisingly - these ideas were literally
floating in the air). However he chose not to publish them, not realizing
how important they would be, and also fearing that they woudn't be
well accepted by his peers. Neither Bolyai nor Lobachevsky knew about
Gauss's work.
I have no idea what Bonola wrote, but if he's just repeating the allegations
Bolyai made about Gauss while suffering from depression and paranoia, they
have no more truth in them than the Timmy May rants on this mailing list.
By the way, the same gossip prompted the Tom Lehrer song about Lobachevsky.
I also don't see how Bolyai could have been gauss's chool friend, being
25 years younger than K.F.
And it's not a dichotomy; it's a trichotomy: one can
* do research and publish the results in a refereed journal. This is of
use only for tenue-track faculty who need to publish to get tenured. Many
refereed journals are extrmely political, with "friends" being published
ahead of the queue, and "strangers" kept waiting for a couple of years
while the "friends" can be advised of the manuscripts and publish their
own version of the results.
* do research on some practical problems whose solution interests some
wealthy folks. Most tenured faculty dream of doing that; many actually do.
* do research for fun/as a hobby; some wealthy folks do that, or pay
others to do that.
Fermat was a judge. He did math for fun. (Strictly speaking, he did a lot
his mathematical research to facilitate his gambling hobby - at the time
when securities investment was viewed as a form of gambling no different
from cards, dice, horse races, dog fights/races, cock fights, etc.
How is Timmy's bet that INTC will fall (and shorting it, if he's got any
brains) different from some Jose's bet that the rooster named Pedro will
rip out the guts of the rooster named Jorge? I've known sports gamblers
who would bet tens of thusands of dollars on a single game, and they also
invested in securities; and the research they did before betting $40K on
a basketball game was comparable to the research before taking a similar
risk on stocks or bonds.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-10 00:54:39
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
I'm sorry, I don't have the time to look this up. If you're trying to prove
that Gauss was not a nice person, I don't believe it. And if the best
argument you can make is to cite Bolyai's claims that Lobachevsky was not
a real person but a "tentacle" of Gauss, created to persecute Bolyai
(gee, that sounds vaguely familiar...), and you can't find any more dirt
on Gauss, then it proves to me that he was indeed a remarkably nice person.
Gauss rose from poverty to become one of the premier mathematicians of
his time - in the era when sciences were considered a hobby suitable
only for the noble-born and wealthy.  Gauss did a lot to help other
people in many ways, both as individuals, and in targeting his research
to solve practical problems for good of the humanity.
I was very fortunate to have met Paul Erdos and some living people whom
I regard as mathematicial geniuses (not necessarily on par with Gauss);
without exception their talents make them wonderful helpful people.
You also haven't explained how Bolyai could have been Gauss's school friend,
being 25 years younger.
Crypto-relevant stuff: In 11-17 centuries, mathematicians who weren't independently wealthy, made their living by selling their service to/as "reckoners" (computers), accountants, bookkeepers, and astrologers.
There was, you may recall, a similar dispute between Tartagla and some
other Italian about who first discovered the formula for roots of 3rd order polynomials. This problem had some use in computing the internal
rate of return (a practical accounting problem of interest at that time),
but the main reason why each wanted to claim priority was for marketing
reason: being its inventor would have enhanced their reputation and allowed
them to charge higher fees or to get new clients for their bookkeeping
businesses (because that's what they did for a living).
So, the following technique emerged and was widely used by mathematicians
at that time to claim the peiority. They would write out their result (or
the proof); they would make an anagram, or take the first letter of each
(latin) word, etc; and they would mass-mail it to every mathematician they
knew, so they'd receive it at about the same time; then they'd publish it
at leisure, knowing that once they decode the anagram or publish the proof
whose first letters coincide with their broadcast, it will be evident that
they had it on the date it was first mailed, yet they haven't revealed
enough information for anyone to steal the result.
The nice folks in goettingen who kept publishing Gauss's papers up until WW2
found that he too came up with a non-Euclidean geometry in 1818 (when Bolyai was 16 years old). They did not report finding any communications from Bolyai
to Gauss about non-euclidean geometry in that time frame. Unfortunately if
Bolyai makes the claims that he communicated his results privately to Gauss
and that Gauss then concocted a tentacle named Lobachevsky, who's not a real person, then I have to discard the entire claim as a figment of his
psychotic imagination.
What's your point?  Are you suggesting that Lobachevsky first published it that
year?  He was long dead by then.  He first gave a talk on non-euclidean
geometry in 1825 and published the seminal paper in 1829 - before Bolyai's
work was published in 1832 as an appendix to his father's textbook.
Bolyai saw the German translation of Lobachevsky's paper in 1840.
Are you trying to say that a paper's not really published until it's
translated into english by some guy in Texas? :-)
What exactly is your beef with Gauss promoting Lobachevsky?
When Lobachevsky's paper reached Europe, the "consensus" (I hate consensuses)
among the working mathematicians was that non-euclidean geometry was nuts.
Incidentally, Bolyai was among the people screaming that it was all wrong
and renouncing his own 1832 publication. Gauss could have announced that he
came up with the same results before Lobachevsky, but never bothered
to publish them. Gauss could have also announced that he's gone through
Lobachevsky's papers and endorses the results. His reputation capital was
such that either claim would have been accepted by the mathematical
community. He did neither. He endorsed Lobachevsky's paper as being
sufficiently interesting to be translated and studied and checked; perhaps
he himself was not sure that it was error-free. He also pushed for
Lobachevsky's election into the Hannover academy of sciences - not just
for the non-euclidean theory, for for his many other interesting results.
Gauss also promoted many other people who did outstanding mathematical work.
There wasn't a "consensus" that non-euclidean geometry was kosher until
about 1865, by which time all 3 were dead or retired.
Likewise when Kantor first announced that the infinite number of real numbers
is greater that the infinite number of integers, the "consensus" among working
mathematicians was that this was crazy.
Likewise when a certain well-known Dutch mathematician mass-mailed many
people a few years ago announcing that he's been having sex with the mother
goddess, the "consensus" was that he's gone nuts.
Finally, if Gauss said that Lobechevsky's paper was more complete and detailed than Gauss's unpublished notes from 1818, it may very well have
been true.
If the book repeats the bizarre claims made by Bolyai, when he was paranoid,
depressed, and outright psychotic - such as the claim that Lobachevsky
was not a real person, but a "tentacle" of Gauss created to torture
Bolyai - then it's not worth reading. Sadly, some people do go insane.
Trying to find the truth in their paranoid rants is a waste of time,
just like reading Timmy May's rants is a waste of time.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-10 09:31:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: In God We Antitrust, from the Netly News 
This is not the way to compare 2 stocks. Let me illustrate this with
a numericl example.
Stock A has been trading at about $10 for the last 10 years.  Every year
it paid $5 in dividends. (OK, so why is it to fucking cheap)
Stock B has appreciated from $10 to $20 over the last 10 years.
Which has better total returns?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-10 09:32:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
Do you have proof that Gauss did that?  This sounds like another one of
those urban legends the envious sheeple like to invent about celebrities,
like the claim that Leonrado da Vinci was a cocksucker.
You're citing janos Bolyai, who claimed exactly that.  Unfortunately, the
poor chap went insane.
You're confused, Jim.  Farkas Bolyai (the father) never claimed to have
invented non-euclidean geometry. He published a math textbook in 1829,
with an appendix credited to his son, Janos, which contained the results
published by Lobachevsky in 1829.  He's lucky we're not accusing him
of plagiarism.
Because if you tried to do that, you would again expose your ignorance,
as you did when you tried arguing about Soviet-Japanese skirmishes in the
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-10 14:58:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
(Pointing to the horse) "He's dead, Jim."
You're getting desperate, Jim, and resorting to cheap personal shots again.
Yes, I know who Isaac Asimov was.  In fact, I met him in person. He made many
little mistakes in his "popular science" writings. I don't consider him to be
a credible source as far as personal gossip about dead science personnages is
Any other citations for your bizarre accusation?
It's not the money, it's my time.  I am indeed being miserly with my time, Jim.
Sorry, I don't think it's worth my time to read the rants of an insane person
claiming that Lobachevsky was not a real person, but a "tentacle" of Gauss.
We get more than enough of those on the cypherpunks list, from Timmy May &co.
You're lying, Jim.  For example, you've asked me for a reference to the
national origins act, which barred inter alia Japanese-born immigrants from
1924 to 195x; something you should have been able to verify for yourself.
I gave you a reference to a Russian book on US history, knowing that being
an ignorant American you can only read English. If you like, I can cite
a number of Russian books on history of math as well, which won't do you
any good.
And I've just caught you straight out lying.
Probably hundreds of mathematicians since Euclid's times have tried and failed
to prove the 6th axiom as a theorem that follows from the other axioms. Farkas
may have been one of the hundreds of people who wasted time trying to prove
a false statement during two millenia.
Gauss, Lobachevsky, and Janos Bolyai (the son) all proved that this axiom
is independent of the others and pondered what kind of geometry would
arise if it were omitted.
Do you understand the difference? Do you have any evidence that Farkas's
waste of time in 1799 contributed to either Gauss's or Janos Bolyai's
impressive results 20+ years later?
You should cut down on personal attacks and flaming.
Again, you're lying.  Have you tried to refute the national origins act?
My sources are Russian books on the history of math.  Since you can't read
Russian, there's no point for me to site them for you.
Jim, why do you insist on turning any discussion into a barrage of personal
attacks, cheap shots, and outright lies?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-10 23:48:46
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: your mail 
Guy Polis is indeed very stupid.  His former colleagues at J.P.Morgan
and Salomon bros, where he used to be a consultant, remember him as
a very stupid guy.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 01:07:28
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
In case of homo sapiens, it is the same thing.  Assholes like the Kennedys
kill themselves though drugs and reckless skiing before they have a chance
to breed (or breed more). One of the reasons why all drugs should be legal
is that people who should not breed will use the drugs to kill themselves,
leaving more room/wealth/resources for their genetic superiors.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 01:08:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
You can't realy be one without the other. You can't be a little bit statist.
You can't be a little bit pregnant.
If the sole owner of a business has a female secretary brought into his
office, pulls down his pants, and orders her to kiss his dick; and fires her
for refusing; then he's engaging in behavior that's been viewed for centuries
as one of the occupational hazards for working women and nothing out of the
ordinary. Of course if the "sexual harasser" happens to be governor bill
clinton, then he can do no wrong; if the boss himself works for a corporation
thrn we have an agency problem: she can complain to his boss, or the board of
directors, or the shareholders, that he's harming the business by firing a
valuable employee over his own sexual problems. If the secretary sues him in
the US, she might win some money, turn most of it over to her lawyers, and
never find another job; etc. Wouldn't it be easier to say that if you don't
like your present job for any reason (including your boss making amorous
advances, or too little pay, or the color of the paint on the walls of your
office), you should look for another one?
You'd rather give his power to the employee or to the state? Don't forget
that this power is balanced by the employee's right to get up and leave.
Would you have preferred the model popular in the medieval europe, where
the boss was forced to care for the worker (peasant) if he got too old/sick to
work, but the worker/peasant couldn't get up and leave just because he felt
like it?  Apparently that involved the boss's right to fuck the peasant and
his family any time he pleased (ever heard of droit de segnor?)
Given the choice, some people indeed would rathe starve to death than work.
However all modern societies provide some sort of marxist safety net: those
who are too sick/old to work, or can't find work, or perhaps unilling to work
are given some of the wealth taken away by the state from those who have it
(mostly from those who do work).  This redistribution of wealth is another
contraversial issue, but it has very little connection to the question of
an employer's right to discrminate on criteria other than bona fide
occpuational qualifications.
Indeed, if all the employers in the world conspired not to hire redheads,
they still wouldn't starve; they'd get welfare (dole, whatever it's called
in ozland), and the more enterprising ones would start businesses of their
own and hire their fellow redheads. As US blacks once did that and were
in much better shape than they are now.
The inaction that you've described is highly unethical, but hardly illegal.
Likewise racial discrimination is very unthical, and I'd generally try not to
deal with anyone who practices it, but it shouldn't be illegal.
We know, you prefer kangaroos.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 13:00:32
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom, Starvation, and Uncoerced Relationships 
Evidently some folks on this list do feel that it's possible for the gubmint
to curtail our liberties in some ways and not in others.  Phooey.
Likewise an employer that discriminates, e.g., redheads of lefties will
lose to its competitors who will hire the valuable employees that this
moron rejected.
So the United Nations of some other body will take your wealth and
redistribute it to the starving Bengalis whose religion tells them
to have 19 children.
Should women be allowed to allow men to go horny by refusing to have sex
with certain classes of people?  Can a white woman be sued for consistently
refusing to sleep with black men?
On the internet nobody knows that you're a protected minority.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 13:00:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
My commentary is that if he had made an effort to disseminate even more of
his work during his lifetime, then they would have spawned more research
sooner, and he would have gotten feedback which would have refined his
ideas even further, and that would be good for the mathematics in general.
Economic motivation is the best.  Right now a lot of good mathematical
research is kept proprietary because it has practical applications
(whether in cryptograpy or finance or some other industry). Publishing
in peer-reviewed jounrnals is a pain in the ass and the only people who
go through with it are colege professors seeking a tenure or a promotion.
The reason why patents were invented was to encourage inventors to
publish their inventions rather than keeping them a trade secret;
eventually the patent would expire and the new knowledge would
benefit everyone.
I wish I saw an economic incentive for folks working in the industry
(including the NSA et al), and the tenured professors to publish.
Woulx you have liked it better if Truman gassed the japs?
Is that all that it takes?  Maybe I should post more often.
Timmy sounds like Janos Bolyai, who claimed that Lobachevsky was not a
real person, but a tentacle of Gauss.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 13:16:57
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
Not just the scientific community... everyone. If an art critic declines
to publish something, its a loss probably only to his fellow art critics,
but if a mathematician or a biologist or a physicist doesn't publish, it's
a loss for more than just his colleagues.
I assume most of the research results from NIH or NIMH are publicly
available.  Unfortunatey, none of the stuff done at NSA gets published.
Of course NSA today is nothing like the NSA in the past. We're not
missing much by not seeing whatever inept drivel is produced by
Clinton's affirmativr action appointees.  Phooey.
Perhaps they would publish if there were an economic incentive to.
Instead of thinking in terms obligations, think of economic incentives.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 13:37:18
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Freedoms not explicitly enumerated there aren't protected? Come on.
It was wrong for the gubmint (state) to require segregation just as it
is wrong for it to prohibit racial discrimination.
When martin luther king was boycotting buses et al, he had much support
from the private bus companies, who were required by the states to
segregate, but didn't want to.
"I have a dream.  I want my birthday to be a holiday." -MLK
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-11 13:39:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
If you come up with a mathematical result that can be useful in finance,
you can sometimes make very substantial money either trading for yourself
or selling your result to others who trade. obviously if you publish it
in the open lierature, you can no longer do this.
Folks who work for the NSA and its foreign counterparts generally don't
publish anything, even stuff that would be totally useless to the enemies.
There have been scientists most of whose work was published after their deaths.
There probably have been scientists whose notes were lost after their deaths,
so we don't know who they were. There have been great writers most of whose
works were discovered and published after their deaths, and are still great
works of lierature.
Instead of talking about obligations or responsiiblities, try to come up
with an economic incentive to publish.  It works best.
Oh yes it is. I pay their salaries with my taxes, I want to see their results.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 00:05:44
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
The above is just one of the reasons why all drugs should be legalized.
As for helmets, seatbelts, et al, consider them in context: most kids
stupid enough to ride a bike wihtout a helmet are already on welfare.
If they get themselves certified brain-damaged (I don't know how the
doctors tell the difference :-) they'll be stealing even more of my money
through taxes. Therefore in the context of taxpayers paying the medical
bills of these parasites, helmets can be required.
I try to find cryptorelevance in the publishing one's results v. secrecy
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 00:06:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
You don't seem to realize that the likelyhood of someone independently
rediscovering a "lost" math result is much less than the likelyhood of
two people independently creating substantially similar works of art.
For example, all of T.S.Elliot's poetry is substantially similar to
Walt Whitman's poetry. They are, for most intents and purposes, mutually
interchangeable. (Emily "lick my bud" Dickinson is almost interchangeable.)
I was using art critics as an example, not artists.  Don't you know who art
critics are?
Think why I thought of art/lit critics and not, e.g., archeologists.
Why thank you.
I've got to get me a vest...
Well, you were just ranting about the non-euclidean geometries created by
Gauss, Lobachevsky, and janos (not Farkas) Bolyai.  Are they the same?
Does their choice of words to express their mathematical ideas matter?
Does it matter who published first? Would it be a loss for humanity if
Lubachevsky, like Gauss, chose not to publish contraversial ideas?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 00:07:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Zippo censors are losing customers 
It sounds like dejanews is applying nocem on spool, and also applying old
nocems to their historical databases. (Does that include chris lewis's
Zippo refuses to accept articles where the From: is one of the many people
they've blacklisted for content. See the recent article by Russ Allbery
on net.config where he promotes panix's patches to nntp for something similar.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 00:07:31
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
Think of Leonardo da Vinci's portrait of Mona Lisa. For
reasons unknown to me, computer geeks like to use it in digitized form as
an example of art. Had it been kept in the Versailles during the french
revolution, it probably would have been looted and destroyed by the mobs.
If that happened, computer geeks probably would be using some other
famous work of art at their art fetish; perhaps the birth of venus
because there the woman is nekkid(!). If some art critic (professional
or amateur) expressed an opinion as to why computer geeks like Mona Lisa,
that opinion would probably be of no consequence.  And if Isaac Newton
chose to write principa in english, rather than latin, it probably would
have contained the same mathematical ideas.
That's why the society/the species benefits when scientific ideas are
published and disseminated: other scientists exposed to these ideas
come up with ideas of their own.
You're missing my point. If the society would benefit from a certain behavior,
it should not rely on coercion, but use economic motivation to encourage it.
Clearly NSF doesn't work any better than NEA.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 00:08:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
David, you need to learn to read.
"Art critic" != art, just like "lit crit" != literature.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 00:42:30
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Shoddy crypto wares 
In most industries, some vendors can get away with selling a shoddy product/
service because their cost of good sold is typically less, and they can
charge a lower price, some some buys will go for it.

@_date: 1998-01-12 07:47:48
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Eternity Services (fwd) 
I recall that it was a police request, not a court order, not that it makes
much difference.
However the difference between Julf's remailer and the chained remailers is
that Julf's machine actually contained the database of the real addresses
and anon aliases.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-12 15:42:07
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Congratulations! 
You are very welcome.
On the subject of junk e-mail: I've made an effort to place myself and
certain other addresses on the spammers' removal lists. This may be why
I get a lot less junk e-mail that apparently most people who post to
These days, I get about 2 or 3 junk e-mails; they are usually sent from
ibm.net or worldcom.att.net or erathlink or netcom; never aol or juno
(although they may be forged to look this way). I typically forward them
with the headers and without any comments to abuse at originating ISP, and
am typically notified within a day that the account has been terminated.
(Unlike the assholes from news.admin.net-abuse.* I have better things to
do than to keep track of my kill count, but it must be close to a hundred
since I started doing this last summer.)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-14 11:12:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: unsolved billing problem 
ME T00!!!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-14 11:20:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
But that company was written about by some journalist, so Vince pulled
its plug to avoid bad publicity.
Vince also indicated (in response to my query) that he wouldn't support
content that provoked denial-of-service attacks (such as the Spanish
attack on the pro- basque independence web page0
Is it possible to make it cryptographically hard to determine where
the data is stored?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-19 06:26:04
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: uh, 
Bill Payne was with Sandia national lab (where they quite a bit of crypto work)
Bill claims to have discovered a very fast factorization algorithm using shift
registers, which he refuses to publish. While I haven't seen the algorithm, I
believe he may well be right.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-19 10:25:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: proving that one knows how to break RSA 
I believe Bill is genuinely afraid that if he published his algorithm,
then he'll be killed. I don't know enough to judge how realistic his
fear is. I've been involved in serious discussions of assassinations
over smaller amounts of money than is at stake here. He displays great
courage by saying anything at all at this point.
I also have an extremely high opinion of Bill's (and Adam Back's) technical
abiltities. That is, I'd be much less surprised if Bill Payne (or Adam Back)
comes up with some truly remarkable breakthrough than someone I've never
heard of or someone I heard of and don't have such a high opinion of.
Yes, it would be most interesting/impressive if Bill demonstrated his
ability to factor using some of the published chalenges.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-19 13:43:19
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Unofficial transcript of Bernstein hearing published 
Stay the fuck off the unmoderated cypherpunks mailing list, cocksucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-19 13:55:02
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: proving that one knows how to break RSA 
I think you ought to be killfiled.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-20 13:27:20
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: proving that one knows how to break RSA 
You have a problem with that?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-20 13:37:08
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: OpenPGP WG meeting minutes 
To learn some English, chop-chop.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-22 09:57:37
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
I don't know why there's somuch mickeysoft-related traffic all of a sudden,
but here are a couple of rants:
Jack Aaron's, the commodities division of Goldman Sachs, controls inter alia
like 99% of US coffee supply.  if you try to circumvent their monopoly,
by trying to import a material amount of coffee, whether it's the cheap shit
for proles or the high-end caffeine fix from Kenya, you and your suppliers
just might find yourself in a lot more trouble that the computer manusfacturers
who were reluctant to put the free mickeysoft browser on their dekstop.
Why doesn't DOJ come down on Goldman Sachs?  Does it have anything to do with
the fact that a Goldman Sachs partner is in Clinton's cabinet?
Speaking of browsers: I'd rather *pay* for a browser that has such an obvious
feature as a list of URL regexps that you don't want to browse. Neither IE
nor Netscape has it. I don't know about Lynx.  I'm now using junkbuster
from  (highly recommended) to filter out ads and banners
and cookies. I generally think WWW sucks; but if I use it, I want to be able
to tell the browser that if the page tried to load an image from a URL
that looks like
etc etc, I want the browse to ignore this request. Clearly Microsoft and
Netscape both don't give a damn about the desires of their NON-PAYING users
and would rather bend over for the advertisers.
Wow, two rants for the price of one.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-23 01:09:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
Thanks guys!! I'm now using the junkbusters proxy servers for this very
purpose.  It works fine.  I just think that this should be a function of
any decent browser, without requiring the extra overhead of a proxy server.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-23 22:10:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: (eternity) Re: Eternity Services 
Let's have a separate mailing list.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-24 06:41:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
Purity Of Essence[tm]
The heathen custom of percolating coffee leads to mental degeneracy
and sexual perversion.  When the water passing through the grinds is
not boiling, many essential chemicals remain in the grinds.  The
only civilized way to make coffee is to boil the grinds in the water
for a few minutes.  Try it, you'll discover that it tastes completely
differently from the percolated swill.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-25 01:58:09
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Executing Kaczynski 
Never trust a math PhD.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-25 02:08:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"? 
Of course, the person putting up the web page might well argue that you're
violating his copyright in some bizarre way.  The image on your screen with
the ad banners stripped is not what the author intended; especially if you're
helping third parties to strip ads. IANAL... thoughts?
I occasinally use the Altavista search engine in text mode
( and it has ads (for amazon.com) right in the
middle of the text, in the same html file as the search results.
I suppose the next logical step in the anti-ad proxy is to edit the dynamically
edit the incoming html and to delete or replaces specified strings; perhaps
a while "intelligent agent" that will filter in only the information you've
requested, keeping out *all* the graphics and other crud.
While I was researching this subject, I came across a web page of some
student at Rutgers. It displays 4 advertizing banners and uses java/javascript
(obnoxious technologies that I disable) to make sure that you've clicked
all 4 (presumably he gets some credit for it); only after the javascript is
convinced that you've clicked the ad banners can you get in. Yeah, right.
But if ad filtering becomes more commonplace in the future, i can imagine
crypto being (mis)used to enforce ad viewing: "You no clicky my sponsor ads,
you no see my content."
I disagree with whoever said that the technology for deleting ads is the
same as the technology for deleting porn. Porn publishers very much don't
want their content to reach minors or anyone who's offended by it, and
mostly coopereate with rating agencies.  Porn isn't generally mixed with
desirable content on the same pages. You can just block the entire page
containing some porn (or, with vancouver-webpages' pics ratings you can
block pages containing "disparaging remarks about the environment", kewl).
Advertisers don't give a damn if their ads are seen by those who aren't
interested in them, and will use technology to make it harder for you to
filter out their ads (or to get to the content without seeing sponsor ads).
When MS IE 3.0 first came out, it supported pics ratings. So I got very
excited and wrote my own little pics ratings server (a better ones is
available from wc3, by the way) to filter out banner ads. Unfortunately,
after I wrote it and started testing t, I doscovered that IE 3.0 only
asks the pics server about eh top-level page; it does NOT ask the pics
server about the urls references in "IMG SRC=" and the like. I guess
the reasoning is that if the top-level page is acceptable, than anything
embedded on it is acceptable, which may be true about porn but not true
about ads.
Overall, this whole advertiser-sponsored model sucks. I'd rather be paying
(electronic cash, of course) for the resources I use.
It runs udner OS/2 too!! I've got it to work under NT. it may work under
Win95 as well. (Anyone wants an executable for M$ platforms?)
I've been using junkbstr and am pretty happy with it. One disadvantage of
using any proxy server, as opposed to filtering in the browser, is that the
browse is one step removed from the TCP/IP.  E.g. if you try to connect
to a non-existent domain without a proxy, the browser goes to DNS and tells
you that it can't resolve it. Going via a proxy, the proxy server goes to
DNS and sends a page back to the browser sayng it couldn't resolve it, which
isn't as clean.
Although I'm not doing it much, the following worked out fine for me:
junkbuster running on an NT box connected to the internet via ppp; browsers
running on 4 win95 boxes connected to the NT box via ethernet, using
the NT box as the proxy server.
I've exchanged e-mail with someone about the list of URL patterns to block...
I have no time for this myself, but someone ought to put up a web page
tracking what ad urls people block. That would be a nice public service.
It would be nice to have it chain automatically through more than one proxy.
Another nice little feature of junkbstr is it ability to send "wafers" -
your own cookies, which will hopefully confuse whatever tracking software
exists on the server.  I send noise with the following wafers:
NOTICE=Please send no cookies
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-25 02:41:15
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Sucking Sound... 
The whole Washington crowd is making itself obsolete and irrelevant.
Sure they can cause great problem for an occasional victim, but if you're
lucky enough to stay out fo their way, then it doesn't matter if it's
criminal Clinton or crimnal Gore or some republican criminal.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-25 07:54:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"? 
Junkbusters works very nicely for me. I highly recommend it.
A warning about cookies: no proxy server I know can
stop the server from trying to set the cookie by
a) putting a in the header;
b) if you have JavaScript enabled (not a good idea), running something like
You need to tell the browser to turn off the cookies even if you have
an anti-cookie prixy server.
Cookies and the NYTIMES subscription: NYTIMES.COM tries to store your
userid and password in the cookie with keywords PW= and ID=. Problem is,
it tries to encode them using 8-bit characters. Lucky for us, at this time
NYTIMES.COM does not check if userid/password are valid, just that they're
a part of the cookie!! So, just add these two lines to your junkbuster config:
wafer PW=0
wafer ID=0
and nytimes.com will greet you as "0" and let you right in.
Sure junkbuster feeds every wafer to every server, but I don't care.
If you really want to send "cypherpunks", replace both 0s by the character
representation of the hex string a1252e36392c2e2930332bdf. I'm not even
trying to mail it verbatim because I know it would get mangled.
Another site that uses weakly encrypted cookies is DEJANEWS.COM.
For them, I've added these two lines to junkbuster config:
wafer GTUID=03.35644.0.0.1145.00000
wafer DNUID=02717fb0f47d3544510927a15805ab3640987332e4ed6e58e78660744bc8320d260963691c27f34ef4b292e93258a7c7a6ea6b78200c6ade8f378833d6d5
This lets you post as cypherpunks at anonymous.crypto.conspirators.int and if and
when dejanews locks it out, drop me a line and I'll cook up another one. :-)
(Warning: when you post to usenet via dejanews, it adds your ip address
to the header; use a proxy.)
Hang Chris Lewis by his empty scrotum (he has no balls, or we'd hang him
by his balls)!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-25 07:58:10
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Clinton needs a war with Iraq 
I'm with you, Commander Timmy.  What can I do do get some American aggressors
Hands off Iraq!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-26 02:10:03
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Unabomber's Background 
It's _Dr._ Kazinski.  He's got a math phd.  Who else's got one on this list?
(He used to be a tenure-track associate professor at U California Berkeley)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-26 02:32:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tossing your cookies [Re: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"?] 
microsoft.com, firefly.com, and parts of yahoo.com wee the only sites I found
that 1) try to set the cookie, 2) test if the cookies is what they expected,
3) refuse to proceed if the cookie isn't what they expected it to be.
Here are a few more neat wafers that I use with junkbuster:
wafer Apache=0
wafer cookieswork=1
# .hotwired.com randomhacker cypherpunks (cypherpunks was already taken
# and password wasn't cypherpunks)
wafer u=randomhacker:XXXrHYVJ4gKTg:888306120:
# barnes and noble cypherpunks
wafer userid=21200U41QE
# .ffly.com v2 random_q_hacker cypherpunks (again, cypherpunks already taken
# with a different password)
wafer NAME=random%5Fq%5Fhacker
wafer ALIAS=random%5Fq%5Fhacker
wafer FIREFLYTICKETV2=a3d11c2224f036b8c5da227f07ac7694b3430734d16595e7ff09c9216dbac8af6
wafer FFLYID=381916
# .ffly.com v3
wafer USERNAME=random$5Fq$5Fhacker
wafer USERID=4031415
wafer USERKEY=rrL2ECYFs8Q
wafer PASSWORD=rrL2ECYFs8Q
# I haven't quite gotten this wafer to work:
# .firefly.net random_q_hacker(.firefly):cypherpunks (won't let user=password)
 wafer FIREFLYTICKETV3	XWHKLLTVMLTVYWVJEHUNMHa\XVLHNHLGHIVRVUKKKKKK
# .yahoo.com cypherpunks:cypherpunks
wafer Y=v=1&n=fh5fme4ro4p10&l=2of74hfkdai/o&p=f1s022r2030r
wafer M=dp=sum=us
wafer T=z=34caa94c
While this is tangentially crypto-relevant, let's start a thread on feeding
wafers to various tracking software to convince it that the same cypherpunks
entity is doing all of our browsing.  Can several of people agree on feeding
the same values of the following wafers:
# .pathfinder.com
wafer PFUID=ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
# webcrawler.com
wafer AnonTrack=FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
# RealMedia (NYTimes et al)
wafer RMID=0
# .hotwired.com
wafer p_uniqid=0osqlPoOiF7XKIGM6D
wafer s_uniqid=0osqlPoOiF7XKIGM6D
wafer unique_id=1668800885692100
wafer NGUserID=ced54487-134-885708087-1
wafer session-id=0
wafer session-id-time=0
# .geocities.com
wafer GeoStitial=885690000
wafer GeoId=0
wafer EGSOFT_ID=0
wafer CFID=0
# .four11.com
wafer Urid=68847000
wafer DOL=0
wafer DTRACK=0
Protect your privacy by confusing the software that would violate it.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-26 06:06:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NYTimes web cookies 
I played around with nytimes.com some more and I'm certain that it does check
for the presense the ID= in the cookie (but not the value).
Apparently the following 2 is necessary and sufficient:
NPLCNYT=(whatever it tried to set it to)
ID=(anything; I used ID=0 to save bandwidth)
With ID=0, it says "welcome, 0" of the first page and I see no problems.
A good idea. here are more of mine:
wafer userid=cypherpunks at bwalk.dm.com
wafer passwd=cypherpunks
(I haven't been able to register cypherpunks at algebra.com on reference.com)
# amazon.com cypherpunks at algebra.com cypherpunks
wafer group_discount_cookie=F
wafer session-id=1451-4798095-404463
wafer session-id-time=886320000
wafer ubid-main=3578-1328899-434066
wafer cf=c90fe571f7b5f873
By the way, junkbuster does NOT strip cookies in secure http. Be careful.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-26 15:48:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: NYTimes web cookies 
is a pay site ($49 | $29 / annum).
Someone (not me) might want to post the details
of their subscription so everyone else could use it;
I suspect that the folks running wsj.com might object.
I messed around some more with various sites that use cookies.
1. .CNN.com wants to set the following 4 cookies for "cypherpunks cypherpunks":
PNAA=:Ypgxlx L. Egdfbd'sZAQF0:
(i.e. Random Q. Hacker)
CNN_CUSTOM=1 path=/customnews
Problem is, the last one needs the path and there'e no way to fake path
in junkbusters wafer.  I simply put cnn.com in the cookie file momentarily,
logged in to let it set the cookie, then changed it to ">cnn.com" to filter
out any updates to these 4 cookies.
2.  has a freebie "cypherpunks cypherpunks" account. The
cookie is:
wafer econ-key=4GgOaV1a
Perhaps someone cares to set up a paid account for group use.
3. foxnews.com doesn't allow "cypherpunks" (too long); "cypherpunk" is
already taken, and I couldn't guess the password.  Would the entity
responsible please set the password to what we all expect it to be. :-)
4. avweb.com (aviation site) cypherpunks cypherpunks
wafer AVweb_Auth=Y3lwaGVycHVua3M6Y3lwaGVycHVua3M=
5. .reba.com (country music) cypherpunks cypherpunks
wafer RebaNet%5FPWD=cypherpunks
wafer RebaNet%5FUID=cypherpunks
6.  cypherpunks cypherpunks
wafer WB-User=cypherpunks
wafer WB-Pass=cypherpunks
7. .citywire.com aka .nyrealty.com - manhattan real estate
 Random Q. Hacker cypherpunks at algebra.com cypherpunks
wafer primary_nyrealtyid=Ra34cbf1b0a7d1c
wafer nyrealtyid=Ra34cbf1b0a7d1c
8. .netscape.com, .mcom.com
wafer NETSCAPE_ID=10010408,121ee744
wafer NSCP-US-DOWNLOAD=pkjbcTTL5OYAAAAAYRr3d8towI7Tj4v3nJwgig==
(Should somebody set up a cypherpunks microsoft login for downloading
all the patches and bug fixes they put out?)
Given the number of these things, it seems that sending them out with
every nntp request as a wafer wastes too much bandwidth.  Can someone
recommend a good program for editing the cookie file? I'm too lasy
to write it myself.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-26 22:20:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: More dumb ad sites for your killfile 
A desirable feature for a proxy would be to filter portions of what it gets.
If we're getting a URL that matches a pattern (like then once we see a certain pattern in the HTML (start of embedded ad),
excise the HTML until we see another pattern.  A set of triples.
My block file so far is much bigger than yours.  Anyone cares to keep the
official big blocklist? :-)
# look for guesttrack
# yahoo
# Internet explorer logos
# da Silva's stupid list of mailing lists
# domains
# Geocities
More stuff that I need to sort out:
# ms sucks !
# generally useless information and promo stuff (commented out)
# specific servers
# some images on servers that I frequently visit
# some images on cnn's website just suck!
# die sueddeutsche
# yahoo.de
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-27 07:19:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
I fail to see any crypto-relevance in this question, but Mr. Clinton
has made it perfectly clear that he doesn't consider getting a blow
job to be sexual relations.
As for his telling anybody to lie, hmm... we have his deposition where he
admitted having sex with Gennifer Flowers (sp?), and we have a taped
phone call where he asked her to deny it.
Clinton has as much credibility as Semeer Parekh, Sandy Sandfart, and
the rest of the C2Net gang. (Gotta say something cryptorelevant :-)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-27 10:00:47
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Can you spell "curvature"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-27 21:48:56
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
Where is Jim Bell when we need him?
(Hell, where's Lorena Bobbt when we need her?)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-28 00:35:00
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Bobbi Inman is a cocksucker.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-28 03:11:40
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
What is the difference between Bill Clinton and the Titanic?
Only 1700 people went down on the Titanic.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-28 08:30:49
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
It's true.  Bill came on Monica's (black cocktail) dress.
"There was a girl named Monica
 Who liked to play the harmonica."
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-28 12:29:38
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Bobbi Inman takes it up the ass too.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-28 12:40:58
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Kooks and their Kookies 
You can find *most* of netscum at this URL:
It does do very interesting things with cookies. it also allows you to
customize the typeface, the size, and the color of the text using the
cookie. Be sure at least to watch the cookies coming in on this and any
other site.
Would there be any interest if I put an anootated netscape cookie file
(cypherpunks cookie potluck) someplace like geocitie.com?
Also a composite blockfile for junkbusters and other filtering proxies.
A really neat feature for ad-filtering proxies would be to be able to
place a specified picture (or at least a black rectangle) over a jpg or
gif file being received from a URL that matches a specified pattern.
I'm not sufficiently handy with graphics file formats to tell how easy
this would be.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-29 01:16:26
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Tim May as censor?????????? 
In this particular case, it's not censorship to point out that the original
posted might get more complete and accurate information by consulting a
simple chemistry text[1] than by posing his question in a forum where
most people don't give a flying fuck about simple chemistry questions.
(He also wouldn't waste evebody's fucking time, but he clearly gives
even less of a fling fuck about other people's time than about his
own fucking time.)
[1] One really Good Thing Jim Bell could do while on probation is to
write a good simple chemistry book. "Stink Bombs for Dummies"
"How to make mustard gas in your own kitchen"
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-29 19:28:22
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Microsoft Internet Explorer: Request for Comments 
Let me illustrate...
This is the cypherpunks.p12 certificate signed by "VeriSign Web Site Access CA"
for cypherpunks at bwalk.dm.com (Random Q. Hacker). I believe it's x509/DER.
You need to save it as a local file (say \temp\cypherpunks.p12).
The password ("pin") is "cypherpunks".
To import the certificate in your Netscape[tm] Navigator 4 browser I do this:
 Click on Communicator -> Security Info
 Under Certificates, click on Yours, then on "Import a Certificate"
 Select the local file. Type in the pin (cypherpunks) when prompted.
(see begin 644 cypherpunks.p12
MK';3SKEA(^\%Z*OM-9I]CF&7\JL)B^66QJJ4*JN`E;3`$M at NO.]C^
MVS>3$9XYJ)I\1/*JA=Y-G('Z at C]S(E8M8E%:*TOZ-J95+8S3'`ED)=\T)'ZV
MOM) at W(B?8>!$)^/^*XTB8E=NW\$H-
M1 at 0!!`0!1 at 1&`%(`80!N`&0`;P!M`"``40`N`"``2`!A`&,`:P!E`'(`)P!S
M at DXF%
M at 1I
M[[]8'3 at UIM03!`.JN^0O9&AK.]4SE1[HI4>]Q-Z
MH2`VK>GK"-ON7Q9X]94DIC?=]VDF3 at U>Y;H5HO.4PUV=J)*!+I0SGJ0P
M[--9%[&3=W1 at W_4M:JIQ// at _:3D!0(P%8J at 2\[<&7W=
M at 88"15]'4&TF&Q^)[B_&RP1':^1VBY`[:2'UJ(PY^ZJ\DDJIX1 at S8]UB'8E#
M3NQ\!42KFPLTXZ3!DU%`2AN at L+-1_R\,;A"['SWVF!QQJTW%F306JK*[\
M\+ at RV)>Q9%` at XN%M\\RRFXXHN!TU(4Z7``85-Y?.V35O'
M^Y at P`0!!`0!"`0(O8_X%_V`9VT$`00$`0
M8)UB;*$*G;I[[%)^MJ&%:?E\`JI6RM-/COA+LC^:4"F at 0=R+'XV'N:OR?[0A
M, at G^`>X_LZ[Q1`:Q:,ICV**C]
M6 at I]0)_5**YN%-W at 2?ZZ98MGW=X+:304&Q8JY[R-U"`%ZWJ>
M(E!)JP3"?1>OH>?\I&D'D5+J+M%4Z%$:0TML_3591QLN&9H&E at JJ/M93F"Z%W'FG2_.1ME6QIO,Y1`!+?M0N,FM!27.%%/G_:3
M-LZ^)G at G69
M$9>'M5YJ"A'*, at RR&
MIN?K$W*\./L at 0.1`E[87 Internet options -> Content tab
 Click the "personal" button under Certificates
 A new window opens. Click on Import
 Type in the name of your local file and the password (cypherpunks).
IE simply says it can't import it, with no details!
I *assume* it's because "Vesign web site CA" isn't even listed among the
authorities IE accepts (and I'm too lasy to search the web for whatever
I need to add to IE)
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-30 16:45:25
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Kooks and their Kookies 
Junkbuster, which I've been playing with, too has just a list of URL
patterns that are blocked. When it encounters such an URL, it
displays this hardcoded spiel:
char CBLOCK[] = "HTTP/1.0 202 Request for blocked URL\n"
Notice something unpleasant!!! See the 2 %s's? They are filled with
1) the URL you tried to access, 2) the pattern from the blockfile that matched.
But they're not just displayed in your browser; only if you click on the
junkbuster logo, they are passed to a cgi script at the junkbusters site,
which displays them and possibly logs them.  Not nice at all.
I'd much prefer a filtering proxy that
allowed different actions for different patterns in the block file:
at the very least, the choices should be "404 not found", "403 verbotten",
a 1x1 jpg, and a user-specified replacement text/url.
The ability to edit the incoming text and pictures to delete embedded ads
would be awfully nice.  Consider for example the html dynamically generated
by wired's cgi script when you access (take a look at it).
Wouldn't it be nice if the proxy could be told to delete or replace all the
text between  and ???
Occasionally an ad is embedded in a picture together with some useful
information.  Take a look at it has both useful information that should be displayed and sponsor
informaion that should be mercilessly censored - replaced by a user-specified
graphic or at least a black rectangle.
Instead of spamming the mailing list, I've put up a web page at
(let's see if they pull the plug on it)
I have also placed some cookies for sharing on them same web site.
Death to the Usenet Cabal!
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-01-31 14:12:36
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: History of radio regulation; scrutiny of elected officials 
Hey Declan,
Did *you* get a blow job from Monica Lewinski?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-01 03:11:13
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Dr Dobbs crypto CD 
The DDJ I just got (March 98) has a full-page ad for the crypto CD (p.113)
saying inter alia "New Release! fast Search Engine"
Has anyone received even the "old release"?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1998-02-01 03:50:45
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: RIP, Carl Gorman, Code Talker 
When are cocksuckers John Gilmore and Guy Polis planning to die from AIDS?
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
