
@_date: 1993-04-22 08:46:54
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Should we become "suits"? 
1) God bless Tim May.  I am in complete agreement with his response to
Perry Metzger re his name change proposal (shouldn't be a surprise, as I
believe I was the first one to express my horror at it).
2) The time I can devote here at work to this sort of thing is very limited.
If I had more time, I'd send a much more in-depth response to Perry's
proposal; I don't, so this will have to be shorter and pithier than I'd like.
Perry says:
I think you did, even if it was indirectly.
I don't have the same problem you do with people who "break into computers,"
though I wouldn't do it.  Nevertheless, the cypherpunks as a group never
advocate, and rarely even discuss, cracking.  I couldn't care less what
journalists think, especially journalists from the New York Times.  If
someone makes an inference like that (the sort of distortion or basic
cluelessness I wouldn't be surprised to see in the NYT), he's a bad journalist,
and that's his problem.  And what does our name have to do with "the results"
of subscribing to the group?  I take it you're referring to the content of
our discussions, which wouldn't change along with our name--unless you're
also suggesting that we should tone down our more inflammatory rhetoric
(and I think it's a short step from the name change to that anyway).
So don't lecture them.  I don't lecture people.  I think people are open-
minded about reasonable-sounding ideas if they make sense and are explained in a reasonable way.
Big deal.  If they became a wing of the Democratic Party they'd have even
more supporters.  The electoral system is a scam, and the LP is deluding
itself by getting involved in it.  (Ancient anarchist wisdom: "If voting
could change anything, it would be illegal.")  I won't get any deeper into
this, because it's getting way off the subject.
Do you really think the Black Panthers would have accomplished more if they
wore suits?  Ever hear of Cointelpro?  The murder of Fred Hampton?  In fact, the
Panthers were much more reasonable than John Q. Public thought they were.
There was a massive propaganda campaign from the government and the straight
press to appeal to white America's basic racism and make the Panthers look
like some crazed niggers who wanted to kill whitey and rape his daughter.
It would have been the same thing no matter what.  I've got news for you:
if we do change our name, and the FBI is pissed enough, they'll call us
crackers and cypherpunks anyway.  There are millions of precedents for this.
I know Dana.  People don't take him seriously because he's a jerk.
How can the name we use influence his opinion of us more than the 50 messages a
day posted to the group?
I don't have time to respond to the rest of Perry's message; there's
just too much to say.  But I repeat: there are more "respectable" groups
involved, like the EFF and CPSR, so you're free to work with them when
talking to the media.
Perry, I have very strong differences with your views of how the media and the
"spectacle" work, and I can't do justice to the subject given this limited space
and time; it's also not directly relevant to cypherpunks business.  For anyone
wanting a more modern take on how the media works today, I humbly suggest you read
the situationists, who addressed all these issues twenty-five years ago, or Jerry
Mander's great book "Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television."
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-04-29 11:21:29
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
A new PGP with an RSA-approved engine and a reasonable license fee
sounds fine to me.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-08-02 06:47:34
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Public Key Servers 
Yeah, but there are >1501 keys on it (last time I checked, which
was about three weeks ago).  And the size seems to be growing pretty
fast.  Remember the "mandatory" draft registration imposed by Carter
in 1980?  I think about two kids were ever busted for not registering,
and they were VERY active and vocal.  The whole draft registration
program was basically ignored, and what was the government going to,
arrest every American male born after 1962?  I think it's important
to get as many keys on the servers as possible, for the same reasons
that encryption itself should be used as widely as possible.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-08-12 07:02:53
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: [uk.transport] Speed Camera with OCR 
Hmmm...most drivers I've known would be thrilled to get off with just
"embarrassment."  In fact, they'd probably be proud to have it broadcast
to everyone else on the road (except the lawmen, naturally) that they'd
just been clocked at 110 MPH or whatever.  But somehow, I doubt that this
data is used only for embarrassment, don't you?
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-08-24 12:07:18
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
Well said, Eric.
There's no reason for people to assume that "We're all [fill
in name of your political faction] here."  We've got a common
goal/program and happily we agree on many of the most crucial
political issues.  Everything seems to work fine without subtle
swipes at other people's views or egocentric assumptions about
what we all believe.  Some people on this list, for example,
are staunch anti-capitalists, but we're polite enough to hold
off on the capitalist- and spectacle-bashing rhetoric because
we generally respect other people's views and realize that
there's no good in it.
Recently, one bonehead posted a message stating, in effect, that
this is an Extropian list.  That is, of course, nonsense, but
even more, it's obnoxious, egomaniacal, and pointless.  This
is a very diverse list, but I think we know what assumptions
are NOT shared by everyone.  Your remark did seem like a blatant
taunt, Perry.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-08-27 05:12:47
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Coming Soon:  Commercial version of PGP! 
I was a beta tester of the latest version of MacPGP, and it looks *very* nice.
Some annoying minor bugs have been fixed and a few new features added, including
a hook for BBEdit (a godsend).  I assume it'll be released any week now, if not
If it's true that the freeware version of PGP will be allowed to exist alongside
the new (sourceless) commercial version, I don't think the cypherpunk in the know
will have much trouble choosing...
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-12-03 05:28:50
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: NSA CAN BREAK PGP ENCRYPTION 
Right, and I'm sure this is exactly the way the NSA would finally reveal that
they can break PGP: by busting a group of lefties planning to "stage a protest at
government buildings"!  Good one.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-12-03 12:32:50
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: War on Keyservers 
I'm sure I'm missing something obvious here, but why are all
these keyservers being forced to shut down?  The possession of
PGP *keys* should be perfectly legal, no?  Or is the logic the
same as that used to close down drug paraphernalia shops: if
people are buying bongs, they must be smoking pot, and so we
can't allow it?
And exactly what grounds does PKP have for suing?  Is it because
the servers themselves are using PGP, rather than just storing
keys?  What if a server is using a legal (ViaCrypt) copy of PGP?
(Problem: this argument can only be used for DOS boxes currently.)
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-12-08 10:30:43
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: San Jose Merc article on s/w industry crypto deal 
What a sell-out (literally).  Will these guys also support the government's
right to conduct random house-to-house searches if they're promised a piece
of the booty?  And Clipper has ALWAYS been "voluntary" (at least so far), so
that part of the deal is no victory at all.  With friends like these...
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-12-17 08:21:19
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Inman 
I seem to recall a major article on Inman in Covert Action Information
Bulletin back in, oh, 1982 or so.  It might have even spanned a couple
of issues of the magazine.  It was chock full of dirt (the kind only CIAB
could dig up), but unfortunately I can't remember many of the details.
Would anyone on the list happen to have a copy?
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-06 08:34:07
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: PC Week hops on the bandwagon 
Sorry if this has been mentioned already, but the new issue of PC
Week contains a big special report entitled "Privacy in the Workplace."
It's got about five or six separate pieces on electronic eavesdropping
in the workplace, encryption, Clipper, etc., etc.  I've only had a chance
to scan it quickly (I mean with my eyes), but it seems that there's no
mention of PGP at all, even in the piece on public-key encryption.
Shocking.  And the piece on Clipper, while it of course mentions all the
opposition to the proposal, seemed just a bit wimpy to me.  Anyway, it's
the June 28 issue.  Worth checking out, I guess.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-08 12:15:14
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: I need a way to... 
Simply to confirm that the file is from who it's supposed to be from.
If I send a file to you with my signature on it (assuming no major security
breaches), you can be absolutely certain that the file came from me.  This
is of tremendous importance if we're dealing with electronic contracts or
the like, but there are plenty of other situations where you need to be sure.
The file itself may or may not be confidential, so it may or may not need to
be encrypted.  The signature is valid either way.
Yep, it's true that most routine e-mail and Usenet postings don't NEED to be
signed, but it's good practice and good propaganda: it helps to promote the
widespread use of crypto, helps spread the word, and gets people in the habit
of doing it.  Believe me, it's not laziness, since as of today it's not too
convenient to send and receive encrypted email without going through gyrations.
Several cypherpunks have come up with good workarounds for this on various
platforms, but we still have a ways to go.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-12 06:02:30
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
This "libertarian" (note small "l"--if you mean "Libertarian," you should
be more careful in the future) doesn't "applaud" Mr. S's firing.  What a
stupid thing to say.  You should either be fried by your more humane
Libertarian colleagues, or (if there is general agreement with your message),
you should be declared the Missing Link that some of us have been searching
for for years.  This is so typical.  If the State had pulled something like
this, you'd be screaming your head off, but when a "private" corporation does
it, you not only don't protest, but actually cheer them on?  This is just the
kind of rigid, stupid, pro-authoritarian thinking that many people expect from
the more zomboid Libs, though we rarely get to see anyone display it so
Looking at your email address, I notice that you're an employee of mine.  I
strongly disapprove of your using this ID for your own leisure activities.
However, I'm a nice guy, so I'll give you, oh, two more chances.  Then, you're
out of here.
Direct all flames anywhere but dmandl at panix.com or dmandl at lehman.com.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-12 06:50:48
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Radical Paranoia? 
Anything is possible.  It's best to play it VERY safe when it comes to
certifying or accepting keys.  The ideal thing is to accept only keys
that have been signed by a key you know to be good.  Start with a key
that's been handed to you personally (or that you are absolutely certain
is legit), and work from there.
Some folks (bless them) have signed oodles of keys and are very trustworthy;
if you can work through the web to them eventually (being careful along
the way about who you trust as a certifier), you'll eventually have a windfall.
No, most people on the public servers have probably not met face to face;
they've worked their way to each other using trusted signatures and certifiers.
Just be careful about who you trust.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-15 11:58:19
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Need info ASAP 
Don't forget to make it clear that people should email to
cypherpunks-request at toad.com
for administrative business (like joining the list).  Lots
of people give the address sans "-request," and then everyone's
got to see dozens of "Subscribe me" messages posted to
the list itself.  Good luck.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-28 06:43:07
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Anarchist Gathering in Philadelphia 
Any Cypherpunks planning on attending the Mid-Atlantic Anarchist
Gathering in Philadelphia this weekend?  It's running from Friday,
July 30, through Monday, August 2.  It's supposed to be a smallish
regional gathering (as opposed to a major Continental gathering, like Chicago '86, Minneapolis '87, Toronto '88, S.F. '89), but it's
looking like there may be way more attendees than our hosts in
Philadelphia originally anticipated.  Should be big fun.
I'm considering throwing together an ad-hoc workshop on crypto-anarchy
and related issues if there's sufficient interest at the gathering
(should have thought of this three months ago when things were being
planned, of course).
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-07-29 10:27:17
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Anarchist Gathering in Philadelphia 
OK, I've gotten a whole bunch of requests for more information,
so I'll post it to the group.
The gathering runs from tomorrow (Friday, 7/30) through Monday
8/2.  I don't have details handy here at work, but
Giuseppe Cimmino <0005533039 at mcimail.com> called Wooden Shoe
Books (Philly's major Anarchist center and the main organizer
of the gathering) and got the following info from them...
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-06-02 06:07:06
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: WH email petition. 
In general, I agree that petitions are a major waste of time and energy;
I'm also pretty convinced that this White House email link is a big scam.
Why are they any more likely to take your mail seriously just because it
comes over the phone lines and not in an envelope?  Seems like a pretty
transparent PR ploy (also an attempt to make it seem like the White House
isn't a bunch of dinosaurs now that everybody and her nephew has an email
But since it won't take much more than a couple of minutes of any of our
time, I can't see an electronic petition hurting our cause any--especially
because it'll certainly include the names of many esteemed professionals
and braniacs with fancy scientific, corporate, and academic credentials.
I think this could be a nice propaganda coup if it got publicised.
It could at the very least give a big black eye to the forces of evil.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-06-09 07:25:20
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Encrypting Cypherpunks mailing list postings 
But this is a PUBLIC LIST.  Our readers from the NSA/FBI/CIA will get the
messages along with everyone else--encrypted with their keys, of course, so no
spies can read them!  I just don't think any of this makes sense for a list
this large and this open.  Anyone can subscribe.  For smaller circles of
friends who know and trust one another, it would be more useful.
BTW, wouldn't this all be easier using the "multiple recipients" feature of
PGP anyway?  This is exactly the kind of thing it was designed for: Server
gets message, server multiply-encrypts to all subscribers, server distributes
message the same way it does now.  But again, I think this is pointless on a
list like this.
Yup.  Agreed.  This is exactly the kind of group that should be using PGP in
this way.
I do think that it would be a good idea to make an active effort to distribute
and certify keys.  This will also help to promote the use of encryption, which
should be one of our main goals. Also: Making a sub-list of people who are "known not to be spooks," on a list
like this, is dangerous.  Would be nice if we could really do it, but there
would almost certainly be agents getting included in the sub-list, as well as
exclusions of folks who aren't agents.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-06-18 05:51:38
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: "RSA sells out" hue and cry (fwd) 
I don't run my life based on a spreadsheet.  There are plenty of very profitable
things I could do that I don't because I think they're scummy.  The makers of
napalm didn't take "political rectitude" into account either; nor did those
bastards (Dow Corning?) who knew the truth about breast implants but hid it to
protect their bottom line.  Sorry, but I find this attitude extremely disturbing.
I'm not expecting anything of the kind.  I'm not a capitalist, so it's not my job
to work out these contradictions.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-05-21 11:29:14
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Proposed Cypherpunks FAQ outline 
An obvious addition...
c. Promote the use of encrypted communication, help spread PGP and
   other appropriate tools far and wide (both to help get a better
   foothold to thwart the Clipper monopoly and its ilk, and to work
   towards making crypto as commonplace as envelopes).
I guess this is a superset of b.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-05-21 11:38:32
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Proposed Cypherpunks FAQ outline 
...also, there should of course be information on anonymous remailers.
This could fit in both
     e. Secure anonymous remailers.
     d. Anonymity for whistleblowers and others desiring or requiring anonymity
        on the net.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-05-24 08:29:48
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: MacWorld Special Report 
There's a pretty solid Special Report in the new issue of Macworld (July,
1993) on the ever-increasing threats to electronic privacy.  Part One is
called  "Bosses with X-Ray Eyes: Your Employer may be Using Computers to
Keep Tabs on You"; Part Two is "Privacy in Peril: How Computers are Making
Private Life a Thing of the Past."
Highlights: The reporters performed a little test to see how easy it is to
get information on people electronically.  They managed to get stacks of
personal, legal, and financial data on, among others, Janet Reno, Clint
Eastwood, Edwin Meese, George Lucas, Joe Montana, William Hearst, and the
CEO of Bank of America with very little trouble.  A poll on employers'
invasions of workers' privacy found that 21.6% of companies search employees'
files.  There's also a sidebar on the insecurity of email.  Favorite quote:
"The U.S. is a laughingstock among privacy experts because we protect video-
tape-rental records, but not medical records." In the same issue, columnist Stephen Levy is harshly critical of the Digital
Telephony Bill.  He goes off on a tangent about cryptography, and, while he
doesn't mention Clipper, he speculates that if the bill is passed, the banning
of strong crypto would very likely be next.  He mentions PGP in passing.
These pieces are all very strongly pro-privacy.
It's nice to see this kind of coverage.  I think articles like these are a
tremendous help in furthering cypherpunk goals.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-05-28 21:35:12
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: forged Sternlight posting? 
I think the forgery was kind of primitive and obvious (OK, I admit I did
get a little chuckle out of it).  But if it wasn't already clear to everyone
that it was a fake, I'm sure Sternlight's and your responses made it clear.
I'm strongly opposed to being cops and "tracking down the culprit."  It was
just an innocent joke, and no one was hurt.  If Sternlight's ego was bruised,
then (as my mom used to say) "my heart bleeds for him."  It's not a big deal.
We've got better things to do than help David Sternlight fight his battles
(though I agree it's useful to have him around).
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-11-01 13:19:49
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Anonymous vs false IDs 
If you use five different identities, why waste your money paying for five
accounts, especially if some of them are used only infrequently?
Why have a full UNIX account (like my account on PANIX, say) for an
identity that won't need to do anything but send out a couple of email
messages now and then?
What if you create and kill off personas relatively frequently?
Having everything centralized seems like the most logical way to go--don't
forget, separate accounts would mean setting up separate .profile files,
copying code from one place to another all the time, keeping duplicate
copies of things, etc., etc.  The exception would be when you have
identities or "lives" that are truly separate, with little overlap, but
even then I'd prefer having full access to all my files and robots in one
place all the time.
If I had an Internet connection on my own box at home, sure, it might be
more convenient to segregate things in separate accounts, but most people
don't have that luxury yet.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-11-05 08:12:30
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: PGP BUG/FEATURE: multi-platform keys 
It's been a while since I beta-tested MacPGP 2.3, but I think that...
The problem with quitting out of the pass phrase prompt was a "feature."
When you pressed CANCEL, the interface told the pgp engine that you had
typed in a bad pass phrase.  I guess this was an easy quick and dirty way
to handle it.  The problem was, when you typed in a bad pass phrase, you
were given two more chances to get it right.  Therefore, when you pressed
CANCEL, you were also prompted two more times.  So, you had to press CANCEL
three times to quit from that prompt.  This was fixed in 2.3a, a beta version
of which I've got.  I guess the official 2.3a has been released by now, but
I haven't checked.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-11-12 09:09:33
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Politics on the List? 
I've always had problems with the slogan "Cypherpunks write code."
It's a cute pun (if it was intended that way), but I think too many
cypherpunks are techie-snobs.  Writing code is all well and good,
even crucial, but there are plenty of other things that can and should
be done to further cypherpunk goals.  Many many people have found out
about cypherpunk developments through sympathetic articles in Wired,
the Village Voice, etc.  I've done long interviews with Tim May and
Phil Zimmerman on my radio show.  (And Perry Metzger and I are going
to be giving a talk on crypto anarchy here in NYC in January.  This
is being sponsored by a local anarchist group.  More details on this
Everything helps.  I was moved to invite Tim May to be on my show
last year not because of any beautiful code he'd written, but because
I was inspired by some of his political/theoretical writing.  You
don't have to write cypherpunk code to be a cypherpunk.  You don't even
have to write code at all.  There are plenty of other things to do that
are just as important and just as exciting.
P.S.: I'm not being defensive.  I write code for a living, just not
cypherpunk code (yet).
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-11-16 06:41:26
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Info on L.Detweiler 
[handy info to help you ruin Detweiler's life deleted]
I'd just like to say that I think this sucks bad.  I don't like cops,
and you're being one, or worse.  And with a team of folks helping you
to dig even deeper?  This is ugly, vicious, and authoritarian, and I
can't believe that you would actually BRAG to hundreds of people that
you're doing it.  Sounds to me like you're a very frustrated person.
You are clearly an insensitive bastard.  I just hope that you encounter
this kind of sympathy if YOU go through a "difficult period" in your life.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-11-16 14:20:54
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Fun with Steganography on "Seinfeld" 
This is technically not a cypherpunk subject, but it's
related, and I've always wanted to mention it on the list.
On an episode of the TV show "Seinfeld" from a few years ago,
there's a scene where Jerry and Elaine are talking in Jerry's
apartment.  Jerry says something that Elaine doesn't like and
she grumbles something unintelligible in response.  He snaps
back, "What did you say?" and she says "Oh, nothing, forget it."
He says, "Are you sure?" and she responds, "Nothing, never mind"
(or words to that effect). Later on in the episode, the same thing happens with Jerry's
friend George: Jerry says something George doesn't like, George
mumbles in response.  Jerry then asks him "Did you say something?"
George says "No."  Jerry: "I'm sure you said something."  George:
"No, I didn't."
Innocent enough.  But if you turn up the volume REALLY loud, you
can hear what Elaine and George mumbled: "What a bunch of bullshit."
It's impossible to hear at normal listening level, but when the
volume is cranked, it's there as plain as day.
So, what we have here is the word "bullshit"--absolutely verboten
by any interpretation of FCC rules--actually smuggled in inside
the innocent conversation in a prime-time TV show.  Even if the
censorship police all sat around watching every minute of the
episode for forbidden material, they would never have caught
this (and obviously didn't).  This episode was shown just like
any other episode of the program, probably more than once.  Most
people are probably unaware of the hidden message.  But it's there.
(This is not an urban legend or a "Paul Is Dead" rumor--this has
been confirmed by many people.)
I've always thought this was an inspired and brilliant use of
steganography.  The producers of "Seinfeld" sneaking the word
"bullshit" right past the censors' nose on prime-time TV?
   --Dave.
P.S.: I forget which episode it is, but I can go search for it
if people insist.

@_date: 1993-11-24 06:38:46
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: strong crypto => increase in rubber-hose attacks? 
This doesn't change the need for strong crypto, though.  It's a lot easier
to simply intercept someone's (unencrypted) electronic mail from the comfort
of your home/office than to send thugs over to her house to kneecap her.
Why make it easier for them than we have to?
The people who I consider to be the bad guys (governments, corporations)
don't have the time or resources to use physical violence against all of their
enemies, though of course they do use it against some.  It's also bad PR (in
the USSR, this wouldn't have stopped them, of course).  So if the ONLY means
available to the forces of evil were physical attacks, I wouldn't worry too
much.  Not that physical attacks are pleasant, mind you, but that threat can
be addressed separately (as some folks have on this last have done in the last
few days).
It's also easier for us and harder for them if they're visible.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-10-01 11:23:38
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
At last!  I've always wondered that the mysterious "certain government
conventions for wiping files" in the Norton Utilities Wipe Disk program
referred to.  Glad I never selected that option.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-10-05 08:49:53
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: On Unsubscribing 
I'm certainly not encouraging anyone to unsubscribe, but
I'm continually surprised at how many people don't know
how to do it.  Folks, if you want to send a message to the
administrator of any list (this includes subscribes,
unsubscribes, address changes, etc.), please don't send
it to everyone on the list.
The administrator of
xxx at yyy.zzz
can almost always be found at
xxx-request at yyy.zzz.
If you don't get an answer right away, please be patient--
don't scream about it to everyone on the list.  Most list
administrators do it out of the goodness of their hearts,
not for pay, and they may not be able to get to it right
away.  It's funny seeing people who are complaining
about the high volume on a list increase that volume with
messages that don't belong there.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-10-25 06:20:05
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: A favor re Detweiler 
I agree.  I was just about to post a message saying the same thing.  At
this point, some of the anti-L.D. posts are becoming downright cruel, and
in my eyes amount to kicking a man when he's down.  Why don't you give it
(and him) a little rest?
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-10-26 07:14:56
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Net Regulation 
Yup, the state has been counting on this for years.  It's
hard to explain how people put up with the shit they put up with
any other way.  Wilhelm Reich talked about this many many years
ago (concept of "character armor," which is probably where WSB got
the idea.  To paraphrase WR: "The puzzling thing isn't why 2% of
people who are starving steal food, but why the other 98% *don't*."
(Forgive my anti-propertarian example, but I think you get the
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-10-27 08:52:41
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Security of PGP private keys 
1. Why take chances?  Once the evil intruder has the file, she can throw
test passwords at it from now till doomsday and might be able to crack it.
2. On shared machines, there are ways for users with the appropriate access
to read your keystrokes (like, for example, when you type in your pass phrase).
Anyone with that access should also be able to grab your secring.pgp with no
problem, and that's that.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-10-29 12:04:04
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: signing messages 
There are no recipients necessarily involved.  A signature with your
secret key is proof that the message (or file) came from you.  Anyone
with your public key can confirm its authenticity.  If you want to
sign someone's public key, you obviously need their key, but otherwise,
signing something involves only you and no one else.  (Many people's
public keys are on the public key servers, so that's a good place to
look if you need to find someone's key.  See the document in the PGP package for more information about the servers.)
If you want to sign a message intended for one person only, you sign
it and then encrypt with their public key.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-04 06:18:55
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: PHILIP ZIMMERMAN ARRESTED [NOT!] 
People have gotten anonymous death threats over the telephone and poison
pen letters by mail.  Are you against phone and mail anonymity?  And
this wasn't even such a destructive prank!  And it was perpetrated on
April 1.  Doesn't seem like such a big deal to me.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-07 13:33:53
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Dave Emory lecture Saturday, Bay Area 
For those of you in the NYC area, we've been broadcasting
Dave's tapes on WFMU (E. Orange, NJ, 91.1 FM) every Tuesday
evening from 6-7 p.m.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-12 13:19:58
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: alias in phone book 
It's definitely false, at least here in NYC.  A well-known alternative
to having an unlisted phone number (a privilege that the phone company
charges extra for, the crooks) is to have your phone listed under a
different name.  So, if I'm listed in the phone book as "Nick Drake,"
I'm still listed, and so I don't get charged for being unlisted.  However,
anyone looking for D. Mandl in the phone book won't find me, so I'm
_effectively_ unlisted.  Strange but true.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-21 13:17:42
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: The Spotlight 
Yep, that's right.  But not just anti-semitic.  It's an extreme
right-wing (read: fascist or crypto-fascist) paper affiliated
with Willis Carto's Liberty Lobby, an especially slimy racist
organization (I mean really racist, as in close pals with David
Duke, publisher of pamphlets on the "inferiority of the Negro race,"
promoters of so-called "holocaust revisionism," etc.).  They've
been making inroads into the hip marginal milieu recently because
of their sensational conspiracy theory reporting, but it's
important to keep in mind who they are and what their real agenda is.
I'm not telling anyone here whether the Spotlight should or shouldn't
be used to spread the anti-Clipper word, or whether you should or
shouldn't read it, merely pointing out who they are.  Like most
organizations of this type, they're less than honest about it.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-22 05:52:29
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Spotlight 
Far as I know, things haven't really changed.  What the Spotlight and
other papers/organizations like it have been doing recently is trying
to clean up their public image to gain respectability and a wider
audience (look at David Duke himself, for example).  They've been
fairly successful, unfortunately.  There's been an increased interest
in the last few years in conspiracy theories and the like (an interest
I share), and as a result the readership of papers like the Spotlight
has been growing.  I think that if you flipped through a copy of the
Spotlight today, you'd merely get the impression that they're healthy
skeptics trying to expose the misdeeds of the government and other evil
conspirators.  Fair enough.  But their real agenda hasn't changed.
My analysis:
The recent growth of these organizations shows that there's been a real
increase in interest in anarchistic ideas and distrust of authority
among the general public.  Good news.  The bad news is that there are
various vermin waiting in the wings to take advantage of people's
openness to new and "radical" ideas.  Caveat emptor.
Sounds dangerous to me.  I'd watch out.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-26 06:43:35
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
I would agree, but I'd add an important qualifier: "in this country"
(or "in this world," or whatever).  I think it's important to keep
in mind exactly how obedience to authority is inculcated in people
from birth.  _I_ don't think it's inborn.  The goal should be breaking
this pattern and, if it's too late for adults, at least try to raise
kids to think for themselves and not follow orders so unquestioningly.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-27 10:41:41
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Gee... 
See you in jail.
Anyone can get this stuff out of the country surreptitiously.
I think the point was to get it out _legally_, through the law's
_own_ loopholes.  Then they're completely powerless to stop it
or persecute the responsible parties in any way.  It also makes
any further attempts to stop the export of the algorithm
pointless (though I guess that wouldn't stop them anyway--the
government has spent billions of dollars protecting "secrets"
that have long since been leaked by renegade CIA agents.)
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-27 13:13:34
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Gee... 
First of all, the above was not my position (though I have no big problem
with it).  I was just explaining the point of this thread, which the
previous poster seemed to be unaware of.  Now, are you saying I'm wrong
about it being easy to get crypto software out of the country
illegally?  If so, you've got to be kidding.  This stuff has probably
crossed the border fifty times TODAY.  Everyone on this list knows that.
If simply getting crypto code out of the country By Any Means Necessary
was the goal, this thread would never have been started, Perry would
never have considering publishing code in machine-readable form, and
no one would have done the little test with Schneier's book (Hal?...I
forget who it was).  The point was to get it out in such a way that
no one had to hide from the lawman or pretend the code was written
overseas, and we could all walk in the sun.  Me, I have no problem
with people exporting it illegally to their heart's content.
Your point?  Sure, the government can do whatever they want.  So?
I have no interest in the Constitution and the "Law" (though I obey
the latter because I'm not keen to spend the rest of my life in jail).
I just don't care.  All I was doing above was explaining this thread
to someone who seemed to miss the whole point.

@_date: 1994-04-27 13:29:03
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: tcmay on wfmu-fm (nyc) 
New York City-area cypherpunks:
Tim May has graciously agreed to be on my radio show again
this Saturday (via telephone).  We'll be talking about the
Big Brother aspects of Clipper/Capstone, and maybe a bit about
Digital Telephony if we get to it.  The vital stats:
WFMU (East Orange, NJ)
91.1 FM
Saturday, April 30, 12 noon local time (my show runs from 11 to 1).
No, I won't be taping it.
Tell all your friends.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-04-29 05:30:25
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
[etc., etc.]
I think this is a very bad idea and not the purpose of the cypherpunks list.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-01 06:45:28
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Cypherpunk article in NY Newsday 
There's a decent cypherpunk piece in today's New York Newsday.
It was written by Joshua Quittner, who apparently attended the
most recent meeting out in CA.  It's more or less the usual,
very upbeat and supportive, with some quotes from Eric H.
and remarks on digibanking basics, Clipper, etc.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-04 06:50:04
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: CONTENT AND QUALITY NET DISCUSSION. 
So--another noisemaker complaining about noise on the list.  Why don't
you decide for yourself whether it's worth continuing your subscription?
Would you actually base your decision on the number of people who
tell you that it's worth continuing?  If you're new to the list, why
don't you stick around for a while and see what you think?  If not,
you're probably fully capable of deciding for yourself now whether this
is the place for you.
Related issue: The number of people unsubscribing because of excessive
noise who are so rude and clueless as to post their unsubscribe requests
to the entire list (thereby increasing noise) is really getting to me.
Almost no tangential or "off-topic" thread pollutes this list as much as
unsubscribe requests that everyone has to read.  The cypherpunks welcome
message clearly states that unsubscribe messages should be sent to
cypherpunks-request at toad.com.  Simple.  Again, the list administrator is
a human being, not a machine, so those requests may take a couple of days
to process.  Big deal.  Losing your patience and whining to the list is
as useful as pushing the elevator call button a hundred times, and has the
added disadvantage of getting hundreds of people really angry.  It also
makes you look like a clueless newbie.
I usually send these messages to individuals, not the whole list, but it
seems that there's been an increase in unsubs sent to all of us.
Again, folks, if you want to unsubscribe (which I'm not encouraging you
to do), it's
cypherpunks-request at toad.com
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-07 05:46:19
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Clipper "Above the Fold" 
Unfortunately, though, it was pretty soft on Clipper.  Significantly,
the piece was not written by John Markoff, who's been covering cypherpunk-
and crypto-related issues for the Times for a while now.  Markoff has been
very friendly to "our side."  This other guy (sorry, name escapes me)
seemed to swallow the USG's line much more uncritically.  I wonder why
Markoff didn't write Saturday's piece? I'm not subtly suggesting conspiracy theories here, though I'm certainly
open-minded about them.  Mainly, I'm noting the difference between the two
guys' approaches and how strongly they affect the coverage.  I did a mini-
rant about the piece on my radio show Saturday.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-09 10:37:24
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Cypherpunk forum in NYC, Thurs. 2/17 
I can't tape it, but anyone else is more than welcome to do so and
distribute tapes and transcripts to their heart's content.  I say
this partly because I'll be too busy concentrating on the talk and
partly because I've had many problems in the past getting people to
stick to their promises to transcribe tapes (notably the interview
I did with Tim May on my radio show last year, which was very good;
the guy who promised to transcribe the tape screwed me, and so it
never happened).
These messages should probably not be posted to the whole list.  If
anyone there next Thursday tapes the talk and wants to make copies
available, s/he can let me know and I can pass the address, price,
or whatever along to the list.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-11 08:00:30
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Clipper note in NY Newsday 
The following appeared in today's New York Newsday (2/11/94):

@_date: 1994-02-15 07:19:55
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
I disagree that this is censorship.  This is an issue that comes up
again and again in anarchist circles.  Censorship is understandably
a thorny issue, especially among anti-authoritarians.  However, I'm
certain that this isn't it.  Anarchy is all about decentralization (I'm
trying to give a definition that all the different types of  on this
list can agree with).  When some central authority like the state tells
you you can't publish something or say something in public, that's
censorship.  When I as a small publisher say "You're a Nazi, and I'm not
going to publish your stuff" (something like this came up with a book I
recently edited), that's me telling you that I'm not going to let you
use my resources to print your shit.  In a free, decentralized "economy"
people get to decide how they want to make use of their own facilities.
We are not obligated to let any lunatic in the world use the network that
we've painstakingly set up and nurtured to trash that network or smear
our names.  We can argue among ourselves about policies, etc., but I
don't think we need to show how anti-authoritarian we are by putting out
a welcome mat for saboteurs, provocateurs, or whoever.
All in all, I think people have been pretty tolerant of LD.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-23 06:41:41
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Mac encryption 
Cypherpunks do have an interest in all forms of crypto, but there are
very good reasons why public key is more desirable than symmetric for "our
purposes."  This is at the very root of the crypto revolution and the
cypherpunk ethos.  Have you done the basic reading?  (That's a serious
question, not sarcasm.)
PGP _does_ symmetric crypto.
And MacPGP comes with IDEA, which is at least as strong (as far as we know).
And of course, it does all the public-key encryption and key-management as
well.  A pretty incredible package, considering its size and cost.
I disagree.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-23 09:19:13
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Mac encryption 
The invention (discovery?) of public-key crypto changed the world, and
makes practical everyday use of crypto infinitely easier.  It also makes
the kinds of specific things cypherpunks are interested in much more
practical (or POSSIBLE).  If you correspond with hundreds of people on a
regular basis, including people you don't know and people you may send
something to once and never deal with again, it is impractical to say the
least to have to generate and exchange keys.  That's the basic argument.
Why was public key crypto invented at all?  Why are people interested in
using it?  Practically, it's really fundamentally different from symmetric
crypto, which is of very limited use in the situation we're all in now
(anonymous communication, the net, quick hit-and-run dissemination of
information, digital signatures, etc., etc.).  PGP also has the "web of
trust" structure built in.  This is worlds away from basic symmetric
This is really basic stuff, so I'm hesitant to discuss it on the list.
If you're relatively new to the list, try to get your hands on some of the
basic cypherpunk material, like tcmay's Crypto-Anarchy manifesto, the
cypherpunk articles in Wired or Whole Earth Review, etc.  There are many
different views represented on the list, but I think we all agree on the
significance and importance of pk crypto.
Symmetric is fine for hiding things from your boss.  PK is intended for
different purposes.
I didn't mean to insult PGP by claiming that it's worth the price ($0).  It's
actually worth much more.  I was just saying that for free it's an astounding
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-24 06:17:15
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Give me your privacy and I will protect you. 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Please, tell me this is a joke.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-02-25 05:30:16
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Infomercial 
I respectfully submit that this would be a BIG waste of money.
TV time is not cheap, and since most infomercials are run by
crackpots or scam artists (or that's the general view of 'em,
in my opinion), this wouldn't buy us much at all.  If people
are interested in a media barrage, a big ad in a major newspaper
would be money better spent (though I have my doubts about that,
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-01-04 06:29:12
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Risk and Opportunity 
Yes, this is a major security hole, but the Norton Utilities has included a
program to wipe these areas clean for a while now.  Of course, the Norton
Utils aren't freeware...
I've long thought that this was one of the greatest security risks in the PC
world.  People tend to be sloppy about keeping this "slack area" clean.  You
can easily give someone a copy of an innocent file that contains your secring
file for all to see at the end of it.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-06-02 07:01:08
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
More specifically, it was the TOP STORY in the Times.  Ha ha ha.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-06-17 09:05:11
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Bart Nagel in Mondo 
It's not that far-fetched, though.  There are filters for Adobe Photoshop
that will do this sort of thing right now--they'll imbed copyright symbols
in the image, for example (there was just a big discussion of this very
issue on the Photoshop list).  A more sophisticated technique might be hiding
an unspoofable signed message somewhere in the image.  This is just the flip
side of the LSB stego techniques cypherpunks have been talking about all
along. I wouldn't be surprised if this kind of practice becomes widespread
as electronic image manipulation becomes more universal.  It won't stop the
pirates, though.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-05-05 08:22:29
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Anonymous phone calls. 
Current theory here in Brooklyn: Freemasonic/Trilateral/Illuminati
connections (you know about Cecil Rhodes, right?).  Looks like Willy
was groomed for his present assignment from an early age.
This is as good a time as any to post the following, which is not much
less relevant to cypherpunk issues than a lot of other recent threads.
And it's hilarious.  As mentioned above, though, our current theory is
slightly different.  Enjoy.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-05-11 07:17:06
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Here they come... 
In today's New York Times: "Anarchy, a Threat on the Electronic
Frontier," by Peter H. Lewis.  It's kind of a scare piece on how
flame wars, abuse, and out-of-control sociopaths are destroying the
self-regulating Eden of the net.  The piece itself is more or less
"neutral," in classic NYT style, but it can also be seen as the first
rumblings of a call for some kind of "responsible regulation" of the
The pedophiles we all run into by the thousands every day are
mentioned in the piece, as are the "pornographic pictures [...] traded
in great volume."  Also, "virtually every network, large and small,
has crackpots and sociopaths who seek to bully others with obscenities
and threats."  Other quotes:
"In recent months, it has become difficult for even network libertarians
to argue that the network community can resolve its problems through
peer pressure alone."
"[...] 'What people will probably do is invent "site kill files,"' wrote
David Hayes, a Usenet regular who works for the National Aeronautics
and Space Admistration's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
[...] 'My fear is that this will be a cyber-revisiting of the blacklisting
that was prevalent in the 50's,' Mr. Hayes wrote.  'Eventually, I predict
that such site kill files will be used to censor politically unpopular
views (like mine, for example).'"
Think about that next time you put someone in your killfile.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-05-11 07:51:36
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Here they come... 
Yes!  I meant to mention this in my post, but in my haste I forgot.
Lewis seems like Markoff's dumber, more reactionary little brother.
I haven't seen anything good from him yet (not that I read the Times
every day).
NYT basher's note: I'm surprised at how "liberal" (in the good sense)
Markoff's articles have been.  Lewis's oblivious and lifeless writing
is more of what I expect to see in the Times.
   --Dave.
