
@_date: 2012-02-02 20:02:37
@_author: Daniel Margo 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fw: Concept for takedown-resistant publishing 
Let me try to explain what is and isn't technically difficult about this  idea. Feel free to pass it around. I have cc'd the liberationtech list.
Torrent is an open protocol. There are numerous open source torrent  libraries. Opera can download torrents natively, for Firefox there are  extensions to do this, and so far as I know every browser has some kind of plug-able framework for MIME type (Internet media type) handling. To have a browser download and then open a torrent of a page is totally realistic, and probably not that much code.
The problem is that this is not the actual technical challenge. The actual challenges are these:
1. Name resolution: How do I find the torrent file, and then the P2P cloud 2. Updates: How do I share a Web site as a living, updating document?
3. Server backend: Is it realistic to run a modern Web site without a  client-server relationship?
1. Name resolution comes in two parts: finding the torrent file, and then finding the actual P2P cloud. Web sites like The Pirate Bay function as name resolution services for finding torrent files, but obviously any single such server can be blocked. What I presume we actually desire is a name resolution service just like DNS for Web sites: you type in a URL, it gets resolved to a torrent file.
URLs have a hostname and a path, e.g.  " " is resolved by DNS to a server, and then "/path/to/torrent.file" is resolved by that  server. So unfortunately, you don't gain any takedown resistance by  hosting your torrent file at " because if  " is taken down, then "/my.torrent" can't be resolved. So what you would actually need is for DNS to provide hostname resolution directly into torrents. This is a sweet idea, but changing DNS is hard.
Even if you could do that, well, what's in a "torrent file"? A torrent  file contains information to get you joined into the P2P cloud;  specifically, it contains the address of a tracker, a central server that gates entry into the cloud. If the tracker is down or blocked by some technology, you can't enter the cloud. This is primarily a weakness of the BitTorrent protocol, and not the idea itself; there are extensions to BitTorrent and other P2P protocols that are resilient to this weakness. But fundamentally, finding your way into the P2P cloud is an act of name resolution to find other peers in the cloud, which is most easily done by a name resolution server, in this case the tracker. If we're going about making changes to DNS, probably the most technically sane (but politically unrealistic) solution would be for DNS itself to provide tracking capability for the cloud. Again, that is a sweet idea, but changing DNS is I don't mean to suggest these issues are insurmountable, merely that this is the actual Hard Part.
2.  In order to support dynamic content there has to be a cryptographic  distinction between updates coming from the legitimate publisher of the  site (Alice), and subterfuge coming from Evil Eve. Cryptographic  authentication might be authenticated by the data being shared (e.g. this data is signed by Alice, and everybody knows her signature) or by the P2P network itself (e.g. in addition to sharing the torrent, the servers also provide a distributed authentication service that will only accept updates signed by Alice). I am by no means an expert on this subject, so I will refrain from talking about it extensively, but I bring it up merely because cryptography is non-optional for any dynamic scheme, and I'm not aware of any update-able, cryptographically-secured P2P torrents. It sounds like maybe they should exist? It also sounds Hard, and Google isn't turning anything up.
Again, I'm not suggesting these issues are insurmountable; in some sense  Google Docs does all this. But they do it with a pretty sophisticated  backend that glues many technologies together (I guarantee Google has a  killer internal name resolution and authentication service), and I have no idea how Hard it would be to make those parts takedown-resistant (in the sense that there are no central servers. There are unquestionably central servers at Google).
3. The real elephant in the room is that modern Web sites are best thought of as programs, not files, and program distribution is infinitely harder than file distribution. When you visit a Wordpress blog, what you appear to receive is an HTML file: but in actuality that HTML was streamed by a PHP script running on the server talking to a MySQL database. The number of layers in this onion is arbitrary; it's anything you could run on a computer. Arbitrary code, or I could hook MSPaint up to the thing if I wanted it enough. Distributing *and executing* arbitrary code like this is Quite Possibly Impossible, and if it is possible it is Very Far Away. At any rate, BitTorrent can't do this.
The word "arbitrary" is important. In specific cases, you can certainly  find a case-specific resolution. Diaspora is building something like a  distributed social network "program", and I do honestly believe that with a lot of code and hard thinking, you could distribute a Wordpress blog's backend on P2P. It would probably require a total rewrite of Wordpress such that it wouldn't even be the same piece of software, and you would have to solve the other Hard Problems above, but I think it is technically possible at this time. But in the general case, you might have more luck working towards a Singularity and then asking the Machine-Gods for an answer.
What seems more realistic to me is taking snapshots of a Web site and  distributing those as files instead, rather than trying to distribute the actual Web site program. That's why we designed Mirror As You Link to work that way.
These are all the hard issues I can think of, as a technical person with  some distributed systems background. There may be others, since in some  cases we're really exploring uncharted waters here.
- Daniel Margo
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
