
@_date: 1995-08-10 11:53:21
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
I'd like to also volunteer to do the linux port, whether it be
coordination patches, hacking code, finding people, whatever.
Also, if other cypherpunk subscribers feel that this topic
is inappropriate for the list (not likely) or that it would
generate too much traffic for the list (?) I can create a new
majordomo list dedicated to the effort in 10 minutes.
The aforementioned 'To Do List' could be the signup message
you get when joining the list.
Just a suggestion,
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-08-11 15:09:17
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
It's closer than you think.  I've been messing with TI's Digital Signal Processing DSK.  For $99 you get a DSP
with audio in, audio out and 10k of memory.  Reference
implementations of : DTMF encoders/decoders; 300, 1200, 2400 baud
modem programs; and voice processing software already exist.
The TI Linear Products Transmission, Switching, Subscriber,
and Transient Suppressors Data Book is sitting on my desk
along with the Data Transmission and Control Circuits (etc)
Data Book.  Combined with the pinouts and software that
came with DSP DSK I've been painfully trying to piece
together how one might glue up a telephone interface.
Unfortunately, I'm a software guy and am still learning.
In any case, assuming Joe STUD Hardware Guy was willing
to make a daughterboard with a 64k memory module (10k is
just not enough) with an FCC approved telephone interface
(available from parts suppliers).  You could have a 25 MIPS
based personal STU.  I'm envisioning a 'black box' with
two RJ-11 jacks which daisy chained in with your phone
like a modern modem.  Triggering key exchange could be
a simple DTMF sequence.  Ultimately, the device could be combined into a single
board eliminating parts, reducing space, and lowering
power supply requirments.  The DSP DSK currently needs
~14 Volts AC.   I'd like to see that black box
portable and able to use some nine volt or AA batteries.
In any case, I'm trying to do it, but my efforts will never
realise a commericial result.  I just don't have the money
to buy parts in bulk, and without doing that units would be
$200-$500 each.

@_date: 1995-08-17 12:35:56
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: First known purchase of physical goods with cyberbucks 
I just had a wicked thought. What happens when people combine challenge key
cracking with e-cash?
Lesse -- 2^40 keys = 1,099,511,627,776 keys.  Damien was able to get
850000-1.3 million keys per second.  Let's go for the low-end and
use 8000 keys per second which is in the range of his sparcstations
(a very common machine on the internet).  We "only" need 38,178
machines to crack the key in 8 hours.   Each of those workstations
is going to test 28,800,000 keys and we'll assign a nominal value of
$1,000 to cracking the key.  (Most people have $1k of room on their
visa or m/c, no?)  Splitting the booty 50/50 gives someone $500 or about 1.79 e-cents per 100k keys tested. So, could 38,000 people be enticed into running a sparc-cycle
cracking daemon for a 1 in 38,000 chance at $500?  :-)

@_date: 1995-08-18 08:29:19
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Export policy change 
Same here -- I have an original Compaq "Sewing Machine" Portable with a 40MB hard card.  Of course the HD sticks and needs a good whacking
sometimes, and the last floppy came out of the drive smoking and
covered in grease.  (You DO have a 5 1/4" 360K floppy don't you?)
My service, however is $2.  That's because all keys are encrypted against
my key, which is unfortunately escrowed with the fellow listed above.
Sorry about having to pass along the extra costs. :-)
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-08-18 11:50:52
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
I suggested that very thing just yesterday in the list, but my message
seems to have gone awry.  In short, I suggested we use E-Cash payments
for cracking efforts.  This would establish a reward for participating
and an 'exchange rate' for e-cash at the same time.

@_date: 1995-08-23 22:54:02
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Brute SSL Challenge 
Just skip this silly little message if you know enough to
optimize the brutessl code.
Didn't know of a better place to put this, so please no flames.
Hopefully everyone on here is accomplished enough to know
optimizing the brutessl code helps immensely.  If not, well I used
gcc -O6 -funroll-loops -fomit-frame-pointer -finline-functions -c search.c
gcc -O6 -funroll-loops -fomit-frame-pointer -finline-functions -o brutessl \
                     brutessl.c search.o
To go from 5,000 keys per second to 10,100 keys per second.

@_date: 1995-08-25 19:41:46
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Auto-pgp for pine/elm/tin (fwd) 
Is that assumption based on the fact that most inet users are using
shell accounts?  Using a PPP or SLIP dialup and managing your mail
locally using POP is pretty easy.  Clients like Private Idaho
and PGPclip then make the PGP transition painless.
Here at USIS, we have 305 entries in the password file.  Subtract
10 entries for system accounts (root, news, majordomo, bin, etc)
Now of the entries left 80 are PPP, 48 SLIP.  There are shell
accounts for each slip/ppp user, thus we have 39 people left over
who are shell only.  So, 70% of our users have the ability to locally
manage and pgp encrypt mail.
Now that winblows 95 is out and ppp dialup into the i-net
is point and gruntable, I expect this disparity to worsen.
Why learn icky unix commands when you can follow some simple
instructions and have ras up and running ppp in 10 minutes?
Since people will _already_ be using windows mail interfaces,
the transition to PGP wil be quick and painless.  Hell, I
hear the latest version of Eudora has it integrated.
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-09-05 10:43:21
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: A recent article on Electronic Commerce 
In the August 28, 1995 issue of Communications Week, the editor
Mitch Irsfield briefly discusses electronic checking, and the
joint venture between Sun, BBN, IBM, et al.  He also references
an article explaining the venture on Page 5 of the same issue.
I dropped him a quick note thanking him for writing a non-hysterical
article on cryptography, and also briefly mentioned that some
of us would prefer electronic cash to electronic checking.  Since part of being a cypherpunk is political, I'd like to encourage
everyone to write a quick e-mail which expresses your own views to Mr. Irsfield (678-7017 at mcimail.com).  Speaking of talking to
the 'public' about crypto-cash, we really need a meme of our own.
Just as The Other Side invokes the specters of terrorism and
child pornography, we need something like 'traceable transactions',
'government approved checking', 'uncle sam's clearing house', or
'irs approved bill payments.'  Obviously the creative types on
the list can come up with much better.   But, I digress.
The Page 5 article doesn't go into much detail, but says in essence
that the system is an api layer and a smart card.  In the cases
of larger corporations, they may require a seperate processor.
This says 'encryption in hardware' to me.  Gee, wonder if someone
found a use for all those useless tessera cards after all? :-)
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-09-06 13:51:15
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Collection of personal info 
I sent this to the risks moderator some time back, but I guess
he didn't like it.  For those of you who think that perhaps
people advocating cybercash are just a bunch of paranoid lunatics.
TRW DISCOVERED
Some very smart people are uncovering exciting ways to increase response rates,
find profitable customers, and develop new market niches.  It's been a well
kept secret.  Now it's out.
It's TRW.
It all started with the search for more creative information solutions.
Solutions that help you discover hidden markets and unique ways of using
ordinary data to target qualified prospects.
The result: a proven and massive database in the hands of people with
real data management know-how.
So far the findings have revealed:
 o A database of 170+ million consumers
 o 100+ demographic, psychographic and geographic selects
 o A full range of computer services.
 o Comprehensive motor vehicle data
seasoned direct marketer.  One of these is called the TRW Smart Targeting Tools (SM).
It links 98 million households with the goods and services they are most likely
to buy.  Choose consumer names by 50 neighborhood or 3600 household level clusters,
by 56 broad product categories or by 516 specific product or brand preferences.
Looking at all the advantages, TRW may be the direct marketer's find of this
century.  And the next.
Energize your marketing.  Contact your TRW representative or call 800.527.3933
Ext 640.  You have a great find ahead of you.
TRW Target Marketing Services
Your one source for reaching all the right people.
701 TRW Parkway
Allen, TX 75002-3717
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-09-06 14:44:05
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Collection of personal info 
Well, I did say all typos were _mine_ -- That's 1995 folks, just for the
record and thanks to Tom Swiss for being the first in a long line
of people who will point this out. :-)
But back to the topic; am I the only one who gets the willies just
reading this?

@_date: 1995-09-06 20:35:35
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Collection of personal info 
Nor was I suggesting a legal solution (I know your comment
was triggered by Rob's request for legal recourse) but instead
suggesting that things are farther along than some people realize.
Someone suggested a rational, non-hysterical approach to
converting people.  Perhaps.  I certainly wrote a nice letter
to the editor of a magazine which published a piece about
electronic checking, and made sure to mention that e-cash
would be preferable to some.  On the other hand, The Gub'mint is certainly conducting a
campaign overt and covert to throttle unlimited and uncontrolled
use of cryptography.  That combined with how politicized
things are these days, it can be difficult to conduct a rational
debate or in fact find anyone who wants to talk. Personally, I'm of the opinion that we need to a pre-emptive
crypto strike.  But just as the 'Privacy Card' has been debated
here endlessly, so too reaching critical market mass w/a 'bump in the cord' product.
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-09-10 16:47:01
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Senate Bill 974? 
Haven't seen it discussed here, but the August 28, 1995 issue of Lan
Times covers Sen. Charles Grassley's (R-IOWA) Senate Bill 974.
Frankly, you should probably read the text of the bill itself,
because the article doesn't seem to get the facts straight.
The article asserts first that the bill may outlaw any non-GAK
encryption, but then quotes the senator as saying ``All my
bill does is say you can't use computers to steal, to threaten
others or conceal criminal conduct.''  Perhaps concealing
criminal conduct is considered using non-GAK.  The quote from
the bill itself reads like the ITAR; it is illegal to ``distribute
computer software that encodes or ecrypts electronic or digital
communications to computer networks that the person knows, or reasonably should know, is accessible to foreign nationals and
foreign governments, regardless of whether such software has been
designated as nonexportable."
The article also says that up to 64 bit keys may now be allowed
in exportable software, but that ``some experts'' suggest
that those keys may have to be GAK.  I've never heard anything
BUT the keys would have to GAK.
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish

@_date: 1995-09-10 17:25:06
@_author: David Neal 
@_subject: Senate Bill 974 
Senate Bill 974
The full text is difficult to interpret since it mostly just amends
other law. Essentialy the law makes illegal: using a computer for
racketeering purposes, threatening to destroy data, transferring
of unlicensed software, using any method to hide illegal funds
transfer, and exporting crypto software. (Relavent bits are included  below).
The law also expands wiretapping authority, and seems to allow electronic
evidence found during a search to be introduced as evidence.  You'll
have to insert the text of the bill into the real laws to get full
                `(2) to distribute computer software that encodes or encrypts
              electronic or digital communications to computer networks that
              the person distributing the software knows or reasonably should
              know, is  accessible  to  foreign  nationals  and  foreign
          governments, regardless of whether such software has been           designated as nonexportable;
                `(3) to use a computer or computer network to transmit a
              communication intended to conceal or hide the origin of money               or other assets, tangible or intangible, that were derived from
              racketeering activity; and
                `(4) to operate a computer or computer network primarily to
              facilitate racketeering activity or primarily to engage in
              conduct prohibited by Federal or State law.
            `(b) For purposes of this section, each act of distributing
          software is considered a separate predicate act. Each instance in
          which nonexportable software is accessed by a foreign government,           an agent of a foreign government, a foreign national, or an agent           of a foreign national, shall be considered as a separate predicate
            `(c) It shall be an affirmative defense to prosecution under this
          section that the software at issue used a universal decoding device
          or program that was provided to the Department of Justice prior to
          the distribution.'.
David Neal  - GNU Planet Aerospace 1-800-PLN-8-GNU
Unix, Sybase and Networking consultant. "...you have a personal responsibility to be pro-active in the defense of your own civil liberties." - S. McCandlish
