
@_date: 1995-08-07 14:19:36
@_author: Michael D. Hobbs 
@_subject: www remailer interface 
It has been stated, :I'm a bit uncomfortable about the hardwiring of a particular remailer into
:the chain, according to the Web page
:	"Select your remailers [...] Your mail will be automatically sent
:	 to the remailer hfinney at shell.portal.com and at least one other
:	 remailer that you choose."
:(Nothing personal, Hal :)
:Why was this done ?
The code was written to be used with a local remailer that
then sends it along the others that the sender chooses. I
modified it so that I don't need to establish my own remailer
by sending it to hfinney at shell.portal.com.
I think this might provide better security for the sender due
to the fact that you are forced to chain your letter thus
providing more security.  The argument can be made that if the
initial hardwired remailer is compromised that this removes all security.  I chose hfinney because 1. the turnaround time is good.  I wanted the first to be fast
because it is basically 'insurance' for the sender.
2. it was a remailer that I am familiar with and has been around
(in remailer server time) awhile.
3. it was the one that I personally felt most comfortable with
using as the hardwired mailer.
Granted these might not be the best reasons, but this is the
kind of response I was looking for.  I can solve the problem
by either
1. removing the hardwired
2. removing the hardwired and forcing you to chain
3. keep the hardwired in and use some 'established' remailer or
one the group can come to a consensus on.
Responses appreciated.  I will gladly distibute the code if
desired.  Like the page states, it was originally written
by Nate Sammons, but I can change it as needed.
dochobbs at wwa.com	M.D. Hobbs	mhobbs at rad.rpslmc.edu
		finger for my pgp key
I am human and nothing human do I count alien.

@_date: 1995-08-07 19:50:49
@_author: Michael D. Hobbs 
@_subject: MS Money password problem 
I'm not sure if this has been mentioned or will help, but this
company makes crakers for quicken, word and wordperfect (not
sure about M$ money though).
email: johnk at indirect.com
dochobbs at wwa.com	M.D. Hobbs	mhobbs at rad.rpslmc.edu
		finger for my pgp key
I am human and nothing human do I count alien.

@_date: 1995-08-14 13:03:24
@_author: Michael D. Hobbs 
@_subject: My pseudo-anonymous dream list 
Gary wrote,
what about...pine, pegasus, sendmail, airmail, news mail programs... I think would be up to the individual user or for someone to develop the perfect pgp
mail program.
how to
I don't know either if you chain your mail before it gets to the nym server. The idea of chaining is to keep the sender anonymous.  Maybe if the nym server send mail to your reply block every time your alias and password are
used to send mail.  Though it would have to be something like "your alias has
sent mail to the following xxx at xxx.xxx.
Why?  I think this would either
1) cripple the server from the load
2) make it easier to track back to the sender. If you are comparing 1 meg files    against 1000 byte files it would be much easier to filter out what you are    looking for.
3) give anon mailers the reputation of porn/warez/church of scientology document       distibuters and not privacy mailers which defeats some of the things that are    trying to get done.
Ouch.  I think that would be hard to manage :)  Can you imagine thousands of sending tens of thousands of messages a day and having more than one remailer to keep track of hundreds of thousands of 'chunks' of mail.  That would start to resemble tcp/ip in complexity.
The concepts are good, I just don't think the implementation would be very You should sign up on the nym server mailing list that was posted here a few
days ago if you are interested in pursuing these ideas.
dochobbs at wwa.com	M.D. Hobbs	mhobbs at rad.rpslmc.edu
		finger for my pgp key
I am human and nothing human do I count alien.
