
@_date: 1992-11-21 21:16:52
@_author: Don Bellenger 
@_subject: SUBSCRIBE 
Please add me to your mailing list at this address.
Don Bellenger
donb at netcom.com

@_date: 1992-11-27 08:30:05
@_author: Don Bellenger 
@_subject: Cypher Bank 
Does anyone know of a law, rule, regulation, or other restriction that would prohibit the establishment of a simple cypher based bank?
I can think of 3 basic areas that would have to be satisfied:
     1.  Federal law and agencies, Federal Reserve, etc..
     2.  State and local (California for me).
     3.  Internet "Appropriate Use" policy.
If the bank is operated on a not-for-profit basis  --as an experiment.  Then that should satisfy the appropriate use I could use some comments if anyone can cite specific federal or California regulations.  Please respond either to me directly, donb at netcom.com, or to this mail list.
The cypher bank would work like this: I would publish my physical address; and offer to accept deposits by cash, check, or what have
you.  With the deposit, write on it your PGP handle.  Email me your public key corresponding to the handle on the deposit.
I will maintain a public list showing handles vs. Amount received,
in collection, and in escrow.(Set Subject = "BANK" to get the list)
Funds will be paid out based on instructions encyphered with your private key.
Comments would be appreciated.
Don Bellenger
donb at netcom.com

@_date: 1992-11-27 08:55:12
@_author: Don Bellenger 
@_subject: ping 
This is a test.  I am seeing mail rejected due
to mail spool full @ newschool.

@_date: 1992-11-27 09:20:12
@_author: Don Bellenger 
@_subject: List is partially broken 
The message below was received in response to a ping sent
to this list.  However I know that it got some distribution
because Yanek answered it.
donb at netcom.com
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1992-11-27 13:33:24
@_author: Don Bellenger 
@_subject: More cypher bank 
No one else's account would be disclosed except to the owner.
Handle, hash, or the full key itself is all the same.
The point is that some shortened identifer is needed.
This is not a technical matter, the customer can cook up anything
he wants,  There is no relation to the mechanics of PGP,
I don't want to bother scanning in and verifying long
strings of codes, and I need some short I.D.  so the owner can identify
his balance for verification (checking balances). There are obviously plenty of fancy variations
on this, and I would be happy to set up whatever any body wants.
Maybe the easiest way is to setup mail addresses for each
depositor of the form:  handle_of_depositor at digibank.com.  So send signed
email to that address, and I will respond with your  balance.  A couple of other addressees would be used for overall bank
status report, and current operating rules.
The digital cash account is represented by the escrow balance.  If Sam
wants me to take his collected funds and turn them into digi-cash, I can
sign a voucher that I have segregated X amount of Sam's money into an
escrow account pending receipt of the digi-cash voucher and instructions
to move the escrow amount elsewhere.  This is all that any bank is going
to do.
Basically, this looks like a very good thing to do.  If handled
properly and within the banking regulations, it could be a great
advance.  Does anybody here remember pre-ATM days?  Standing in
line at the bank to get cash?  In 3rd world countries they don't even have checking.  This means you have to walk around every month
and pay your bills in cash. I haven't been in a bank in years since the ATMs came in.
And this is at another, much higher level of abstraction.
