
@_date: 1993-02-08 07:56:35
@_author: ALAN DORN HETZEL JR 
@_subject: *Private* E-Mail to White House 
Maybe we should suggest as a central theme to our first letter that the
White House should set up one or more PGP keys of their own.  The main
purpose being that then one could E-Mail someone in the administration
with reasonable certainty that the message could neither be intercepted
nor tampered with.  Of course, once they get around to responding via
e-mail, it works both ways....
Alan Dorn Hetzel, Jr.
dorn at indigo.mese.com
p.s. I'm not wired up with PGP yet because i'm using a VAX running VMS
     and DECUS UUCP.  Has anybody ported PGP to this platform?  Ideas?

@_date: 1993-02-28 22:45:09
@_author: ALAN DORN HETZEL JR 
@_subject: anonymity + untraceable digital money = potential problems 
Dear Group,
I believe that I see a potential serious problem with they onset of
truly unbreakable anonymous communication combined with untraceable
digital cash.
The problem is that crimes such as blackmail and extortion would become
absolutely impossible to defend against.  Kidnapping for ransome would
get a LOT easier.
One of the serious deterrents to crimes such as kidnapping is the probability that one will get caught attempting to communicate ones
demands or collect the payment.  If one can make TRULY anonymous demands
and receive payment which is TRULY untraceable, one can strike without
warning and then proceed virtually without risk.
I could send you an anonymous note threating to poison your dog, kill
your wife, burn down your house, whatever..., ... unless you pay me
$$$ in untraceable digital cash.  What can you do?  You pay and I go
my merry way with your money, or you assume I am bluffing and don't pay.
MANY PEOPLE WILL NOT CALL THIS BLUFF, and there is the serious problem...
I foresee a great way for jerks to "earn extra income in their spare time"
threatening hundreds of people in mass anonymous mailings.  Some of these
folks will be scared enough to pay off.  Where is the risk to the person
who commits these acts?  He's COMPLETELY anonymous!
Food for thought.
