
@_date: 1993-08-31 07:39:03
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: Commercial PGP: Verifying Trustworthiness 
Received: from relay2.UU.NET by mail.netcom.com (5.65/SMI-4.1/Netcom)
Received: from toad.com by relay2.UU.NET with SMTP Received: by toad.com id AA14781; Mon, 30 Aug 93 23:33:56 PDT
Received: by toad.com id AA14701; Mon, 30 Aug 93 23:31:26 PDT
Return-Path: Received: from Athena.MIT.EDU ([18.72.1.1]) by toad.com id AA14688; Mon, 30 Aug 93 23:31:23 PDT
Received: from OLIVER.MIT.EDU by Athena.MIT.EDU with SMTP
Received: by oliver.MIT.EDU (AIX 3.2/UCB 5.64/4.7) id AA14903; Tue, 31 Aug 1993 02:28:52 -0400
Marc Horowitz  said:
Stupid? Watch the flame bait...he merely overstated a touch. The back doors
weren't part of any of the full distributions, it's true, but they
were quite a bit more than proposals. Ken Thompson actually distributed
those back doors via a compiler update, warning of a security problem
and urging all sites to recompile. Most did, which inserted the back doors
into the programs. That's close enough to the original claim.
See the Ken Thompson & Dennis Ritchie Turing Award Lecture, which goes
into detail about this. The level of sneakiness involved was amazing.
Compilers are the ultimate security breach.

@_date: 1993-09-03 20:37:15
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: net.history (flashback) 
Sounds like he might be interested in cypherpunk topics; there's a connection
to off-shore banking that goes further than the obvious.
Anyone know anything about Schneider's firm or other such firms? I've
always wondered how that works, what's legal and what's not, etc.
Doug Merritt				doug at netcom.com
Professional Wild-eyed Visionary	Member, Crusaders for a Better Tomorrow

@_date: 1993-09-03 21:17:15
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: Remailer Reliability 
sameer at netcom.com (Sameer Parekh)
There are two problems here. One is that the remailer exposes itself
and defeats traffic analysis avoidance.
The other is a standard transaction processing sort of problem; the
posting to alt.remail might fail even though all else worked.
Although I've dealt with transaction processing problems, it's a tricky
area, and I don't have a good text on the subject. Any recommendations?
b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov (Samuel Pigg) said:
Depends on how it's done. As stated this analysis implies that traffic
analysis is *always* possible, since after all, the message must somehow
make it to its destination. In other words, I disagree.
Traffic analysers will have access to only some limited subset of
information. If a certain kind of blind remailing with multiple pathways
is practiced, then traffic analysis can be statistically defeated. The
bad guys might sometimes know that X sent a message somewhere.
Other times they might know Y received a message. Only improbably
(under ideal implementation circumstances) would powerful bad guys own
so many machines & networks that they would be able to deduce both
sender and recipient, and even then, if traffic were heavy (as it will
be in some years), it would be a statistical rather than certain deduction.
(This of course raises the (no doubt old-hat) problem that no single
remailer can be trusted, since it might be in the hands of the NSA or
KGB or something. In fact, since the NSA is famous for doing their job
well, this list must have NSA watchers, no question, even without paranoia,
and if I were them I'd be experimenting with remailers even now, to keep
up with trends. We'll never know how many remailers are trustworthy,
so we'll have to use statistical schemes to make compromise unlikely.)
This is all standard parallel remailing stuff. Add to this the possibility
that the different remailing paths may contain message fragments rather
than full messages, and it doesn't really change the security relative to
full message parallel remailing...unless it's done badly.
Badly would mean that some remailer is the one that finally recombines
fragments prior to final delivery. Better is if the recipient's host does the
recombination (and I worry about *that*, too).
This needs to be done in conjunction with other standard cypherpunk fare,
of course. The major design problem I've had is not with security, it's
with fault tolerance. Statistical fault tolerance is available, but I
prefer leaving that kind to the underlying base systems and networks,
and trying to find a top level algorithm that is 100% guaranteed to either
work or report failure, so long as the host systems/networks don't fail
undetectably. A handshake ACK of receipt would help, except that it might
not get back even if the original reached its destination.
Which is why I'm starting to think I need to research transaction
processing more thoroughly; some years back I'd heard that a centralized
server was still state of the art for 100% fail-safe/soft operation. Is this
still the case? If so, then we'll have to fall back on probabilistic
fault-tolerance, to avoid issues of central authority compromise.
This is actually less safe than an approach which requires multiple
pieces to arrive via multiple paths. Bad luck might leave your one
path completely in the hands of bad guys (posing as cypherpunks, let's
This I agree with; but the way that is done is critical.
Cool. More info?
Strongly agree.
BTW I consider this emphasis on batch mail to be short sighted. I'm
designing for interactive cyberspace. I have a complete algorithm in
mind, except I think it still needs some more OLTP wisdom added in.
People have been telling me for a long while that I should hook up
with cypherpunks; seeing traffic over the last week since I joined
shows me why I heard that from so many sources. Tip of the hat to y'all;
this is a much juicier forum than I had guessed.
I only hope I can continue weathering the storm of heavy traffic, on
top of other email lists. :-)

@_date: 1993-09-08 22:02:11
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: REMAIL: pasting 
hughes at ah.com (Eric Hughes) said:
Not only that, but it is woefully shortsighted. For instance, when
I reply to messages from email lists, sometimes I want to reply to
the list, and sometimes to the originator. The variations in
RFC-822 *compliant* email list headers are staggering; I have yet
to see any mail software that understands the variety of syntactically-
parseable signals that show that something is from a list, and allows
me to easily reply to either the list or the sender.
This is a technically trivial wish. It could be done, at least to the
95% mark, even as things stand. But NOOOOOoooo. :-)
Similar comments apply to saving things interactively. I'm about to
try procmail for non-interactive uses, but I still haven't seen a mailer
that lets me say e.g. "(save (from cypherpunks | to cypherpunks |
cc cypherpunks | Bcc cypherpunks | "From " cypherpunks) > savefile) & delete
Maybe I'm just email-challenged. Suggestions?

@_date: 1993-09-10 08:22:46
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: "Code Warriors" Article in "Metro" Newspaper 
tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) said:
Over lunch yesterday I was telling a friend (who had previously exhorted me
to find folks on the net more appropriate than sci.crypt to discuss
crypto schemes with) about discovering cypherpunks, and on our way out he
noticed this Metro issue, commenting "Zeitgeist." Quite. :-)
It quotes Tim, btw:
And Eric:
Nicely provocative article.
Doug Merritt				doug at netcom.com
Professional Wild-eyed Visionary	Member, Crusaders for a Better Tomorrow
Unicode Novis Cypherpunks Gutenberg Wavelets Conlang Logli Alife HC_III
Computational linguistics Fundamental physics Cogsci SF GA VR CASE TLAs

@_date: 1993-09-11 18:53:13
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: Spooks reading the list 
Liam David Gray  said:
Righto. If you're going to be paranoid, you may as well read more carefully.
The message in question was unambiguous; there were no Freudian slips
in it.
Like I said recently, the NSA wouldn't be doing their job if they weren't
following an obvious list like this. But you can trust them not to be
completely moronic. Information gatherers are likely to be complete
lurkers, and if they go for agent provocateurs, they'll likely be selected
and trained well enough to avoid IQ 80 slipups.
I've known NSA employees and contractors in the past and present. Nothing
regarding ultra secret work, else I'm sure I'd never have known about it,
nor gotten involved, etc. But still, it's just another government agency,
with a big budget, fingers in many pies, and with perhaps a higher than
average individual and collective intelligence (no pun intended) from what
I've seen. The NSA even goes to some open technical conferences; sometimes they
even host one (on more mundane computer matters, of course).
There's every reason to think that they're merely watching the situation
to see what happens. I doubt if they've even seen reason to put other
agencies like the FBI on alert. But if anything, if you want to be paranoid,
be paranoid about folks like the FBI and SS and Justice Department. They'd be
the ones to move in for the kill, you know, if anyone thought there was reason
to do so.
If you *must* be paranoid, just assume *I'm* from the NSA. I'll even
claim to speak for them. (I'm fairly sure I won't be contradicted. ;-)
Ok, here goes: "play nice, kids."  There, a pronouncement from the heart
of Evil Incarnate Central. :-)

@_date: 1993-09-14 12:45:01
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: authoritative definition of cryptography? 
Can anyone point me to (1) a reasonably authoritative legal definition
of what "cryptography" means, that can be used to help decide precisely
what does and does not fall under e.g. the export restrictions, and (2) a
similar definition from the technical literature, to use in conjunction
with Hopefully I won't have to fall back on "I know it when I see it" standards. :-)
        Thanks,
                Doug
