
@_date: 1994-11-22 13:57:06
@_author: Doug Shapter 
@_subject: Pentium bug and CRYPTO 
Not much crypto relevance, but ...
We've been concerned about this bug for precisely that reason-- serious scientific work. We are contemplating purchasing a Pentium and running FreeBSD on it to do scientific computation and while Intel has "fixed" the fp problem, I wonder if there are others that have yet to be discovered.
(As to why the bug slipped out from under Intel's quality control, another programmer here pointed out that default fp precision is 6 for a printf call and that the error occurs in the 7th decimal place. Coincidence? Chance? Grist for the conspiracy theory mill?)
Granted the bug won't affect PGP much, but you have to wonder about the integrity of a company that lets this kind of hardware slip out the door. Doug Shapter                dps at kafka.atinc.com         finger dps at kryten.atinc.com for PGP public key

@_date: 1994-09-24 08:07:37
@_author: Doug Shapter 
@_subject: OTA releases report on Encryption 
(please ignore typos)
_Delay Urged on Encryption Technologies_ by Elizabeth Corcoran
WP Staff Writer
today, suggests that Congress consider stopping the Clinton administration from using some the data encryption technologies that have aroused public criticism until legislators can review the policies.
adminstrations plan to rely on specific technologies for encrypting phone and computer messages since it was made public in early 1993.
spectrum of public policy recommendations. In contrast, those familiar with this report say it takes an unusually strong stand.
as "key excrow" encryption, a technique that would let the government crack scrambled phone and computer messages by putting the means for unlocking such communications into the hands of a designated grou, such as a government agency.
into place," said Joan Winston, who directed the OTA report. "Given the government's track record so far, the only place that debate can take place openly is in Congress."
Standards and Technology, said the OTA reports fairly portrays both sides of the encryption debate and that the adminstration "expects and welcomes" additional discussions. Even so, he added, " the administration needs to move adhead with the key escrow system on a strictly voluntary the adminsistration's encryption policies this year, sources said. Sen William V. Roth (R-Del.), who requested the OTA study, said in a prepared statement that he intends to call for hearings and offer admendments to the Computer Security Act, which comes up for review next year.
Doug Shapter
dps at kafka.atinc.com

@_date: 1994-09-28 05:32:17
@_author: Doug Shapter 
@_subject: Mandatory email verification 
Its my understanding that to be truly useful on multi-user
systems, digital signatures require some user input (eg, PGP
requires entering a pass phrase). Sendmail could be hacked
enough to append signatures and to even ask the user for the
requisite pass phrase-- or sendmail can append the signature
automagically, using an environment variable (yuch, just a touch
insecure?) or some other method (a root-owned and executed shell
The first method, having sendmail ask the user for the pass
phrase, is most secure, but also the most inconvienent. For
instance, at our site, we have several distributed
workstations. We send numerous mail messages to each other every
day, and signing each one would be a real pain. To prevent this
sendmail could be hacked to only require signatures on mail
messages addressed outside the domain. This still leaves us back
at the original problem-- one of us could flame the boss and
deny the authenticity of the message because it lacked our
The automagic method is frightfully insecure. Creating an
environment variable transparently requires that the pass phrase
be physically located on the system, instead of the user's
mind. (I wouldn't want to ask users to slip in their "pass
phrase" disk every morning when they log on). There is also a
question of trust-- a dishonest sysadm could easily break this
method. The dishonest sysadm could also easily break a shell
script method, as could anyone who got the root password.
Jim McCoy pointed out aptly that the hack could be done quickly,
but, laying technical issues aside, do we really want our
computers signing our mail for us (what about messages to
anonymous remailers-- a digital signature defeats that in short
order)? That's the real question.

@_date: 1994-09-28 13:41:12
@_author: Doug Shapter 
@_subject: No Subject 
A few months ago, Matthew Blaze posted a note to sci.crypt
announcing a filesystem encryption system. Does anyone have a
pointer to it.

@_date: 1994-09-29 07:32:09
@_author: Doug Shapter 
@_subject: (n!)modx ... 
Maybe, I'm late on this thread, but don't you mean
nth derivative of  x^n is (n!)x...

@_date: 1994-09-29 07:52:15
@_author: Doug Shapter 
@_subject: (n!)modx ... 
Ack, sorry about my differential dyslexia, you  are right
the nth derivative of x^n is n!.
My apolgies.
