
@_date: 1995-12-06 10:07:47
@_author: Daniel 'genius' Charpentier 
@_subject: PGP 
I've tried to find out the answers to my
questions myself but I haven't been very successful.
Actually, I haven't been successful at all.  First of all,
I've been using PGP on my computer but when I tried to port it
over to my unix account it didn't work.  I took the source code
and tried to compile it using the unix g++ compiler but it gave
me all of these errors.  Where can I find PGP that is already
compiled for unix or at the very least will compile for unix?
Secondly, if I create a program that makes using PGP more
user friendly can I let other people have it ( for FREE )?
Lastly, what is considered overkill with cryptography?
I don't believe anything is.  My programs accept what the user
inputs for how large prime numbers should be ( my public
key programs ) but I make them able to accept values that go
up to 30720 bits ( I don't believe a number can ever be large
enough ).  You can never be to safe...never.

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:07:07
@_author: DANIEL CHARPENTIER 
@_subject: PGP 
Now be practical.  You do have options.  Just because you have the capability to encrypt with a 30000 bit key does NOT mean that it is
mandated that you encrypt with a 30000 bit key.  The reason that cypherpunks
is even in existence is that sometimes privacy is a must.  Sometimes
you want to make sure that a common thief can not read your files and others you want to make sure the N.S.A. can not read your files.  This
is not in dispute.  We all know this.  Having the option is comforting ( in
my opinion of course ).

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:26:46
@_author: DANIEL CHARPENTIER 
@_subject: PGP 
Sorry...I was always taught that the user should not
be mandated to finish the job of the programmer.  Please,
do not take me wrong, PGP is a remarkable tool...but I
was not aware I had iron out the bugs.  That part is the
easiest to do compared with the genius of the program...
but I still should not have to do it.
       Well maybe they ( people on "unix-flavoured systems" ) should
expect a clean interface.  If the interface were more sound then
maybe the common man ( person ) wouldn't be so scared of it.  I have a lot of friends that gave up on cryptography because they could not
get the darned programs to work ( at least the good ones anyway ).
    I was not using 32k bit keys with PGP...but I'll look at the
code.  To tell you the truth I never thought about modifing PGP
to generate that large of a key.  When I finish it I'll post the
source here.  I'm sure someone here would like to at least have
the option.
    Thank you for the input.

@_date: 1995-12-06 12:38:15
@_author: DANIEL CHARPENTIER 
@_subject: PGP 
The how is referring to not double spacing isn't it.  Sorry,
I've been up for the last couple of days and didn't even realize it.
What do you mean what I write about?         I am not an idiot.  I must have downloaded PGP from about 20 million
different places.  They are all either missing files, some times the
darn code won't compile, or when I "tar xvf" half of the files bring
up an error and the computer says it can not create the file.  I'll try
the address that you've sent.  Hopefully I will have better luck.       In the persuit of constructing a stable cryptographic program
that uses PGP what features should be included.  Obviously all of
the ones that PGP has and encrypting/decrypting e-mail but what else?

@_date: 1995-12-16 02:06:34
@_author: DANIEL CHARPENTIER 
@_subject: Algorithims 
For information on Enigma try "APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY"
by Bruce Schneier page 11 and 364.  Page 11 gives a brief
summary of it and provides some info and other material
covering it.  Page 364 does the same.  In case you do not
have access to the book ( which of course is a sin ) here are
some of the references.
       "THE CODEBREAKERS" by D. Kahn    1983
       "CRYPTANALYSIS of the HAGLEN CRYPTOGRAPH" by W.G. Barker  1977
       "THE BLACK CHAMBER: A COLUMN; HOW THE BRITISH BROKE ENIGMA" by
    C.A. Deavours    Crptologia, v.4,n.3,Jul 1980,pp 129-132

@_date: 1995-11-18 18:59:41
@_author: Daniel 'genius' Charpentier 
@_subject: WRITTEN CODE 
In Raph Levien's
       Subject : Design proposal : crypto-capable generic interface
he mentioned his desire to see more cryptographic program code and
I didn't want to see this initiative die.  I am a new commer to
cryptography and I know I shouldn't be posting yet but that is
what I thought cypherpunk postings was supposed to be in the first
place ( program code, protocols, and algorithms ).  Please don't
flame me to badly for this message.  I am doing everything I am
supposed to before posting ( reading the FAQ's, the entire
cypherpunk archive, and APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY by Bruce Schneier )
but I could not let this slip by.  Let's talk more about the
cryptographic algorithms, program code, and chips than
politics.                       I hope this did not upset to many people

@_date: 1995-11-21 01:45:20
@_author: Daniel 'genius' Charpentier 
@_subject: WRITTEN CODE 
uncg.edu is in North Carolina.  uncg stands for University of North
    Carolina at Greensboro.
