
@_date: 2001-03-26 17:31:36
@_author: The Macromedia Dreamweaver Team 
@_subject: Welcome to Your 30-Day Download Trial! 
Welcome to Your Macromedia Dreamweaver 4
30-day Download Trial!
Dear Macromedia Dreamweaver enthusiast,
Thank you for your interest in Macromedia Dreamweaver 4,
the solution for professional Web site design and
production. We hope you enjoy your 30-day trial!
Please note that Macromedia 30-day software trials begin
only after you have successfully downloaded the software
and OPENED the program.
Let Macromedia Help Get You Started -- for FREE!
Free Dreamweaver Tutorials from Industry Experts:
Master the new features in Dreamweaver 4 with FREE tutorials
from industry-experts Garo Green and Lynda Weinman.
Taken from the CD-ROM "Learning Dreamweaver 4," these FREE
tutorials will help you get started with the new features
in Dreamweaver 4, such as:
   *  Dreamweaver 4 Assets,
   *  Dreamweaver 4 Layout,
   *  Creating Flash Buttons,
   *  Dreamweaver 4 Styles, and
   *  Creating Flash Text.
To begin using these tutorials, visit:
To learn more about the CD "Learning Dreamweaver 4," visit:
Consider the Dreamweaver 4 Fireworks 4 Studio -- it comes
with the FREE Professional Quick Start Collection!
Introducing the Professional Quick Start Collection from
Macromedia! The Professional Quick Start Collection is
yours free when you purchase and register the Dreamweaver 4
Fireworks 4 Studio by March 31, 2001.
The Quick Start collection includes:
   *  10 Macromedia Dreamweaver 4 templates to automate
        your workflow;
   *  250 Macromedia Fireworks graphics, including catchy
        buttons, attractive navigation bars, pop-up menus,
        logos, and fancy rollovers;
   *  150 pages of tutorials from Joseph Lowery, author
        of the Dreamweaver 4 Bible; and
   *  25 of the most popular Dreamweaver extensions!
To purchase the Dreamweaver 4 Fireworks Studio from the
Macromedia Online Store, visit:
Visit the Macromedia Dreamweaver home page at:
Ask questions, get answers, and share solutions in the
numerous Macromedia forums -- visit:
Check out the Dreamweaver Exchange -- the source for free,
easy-to-install extensions that add new features to
Dreamweaver -- visit:
Buy Anytime -- Purchasing Options
   *  Click the "Buy Now" button (on the trial screen).
   *  For delivery anywhere in the world, purchase the
        boxed or downloadable version(s) from the
        Macromedia Online Store at:
           *  Order by phone by calling:  1-800-457-1774
        (Monday-Friday, 6 a.m. - 5 p.m., PST, in the
        U.S. and Canada).
   *  For other INTERNATIONAL purchasing options, visit:
                Or, call:  +1-425-222-3201.
   *  For VOLUME discounts (10 or more licenses), and for
        your corporate account manager's e-mail address:
                Or, call:  1-888-649-2990 (U.S. and Canada).
   *  For EDUCATION discounts (for teachers and full-time
        students), visit:
                Or, call:  1-800-457-1774 (U.S. and Canada).
   *  For GOVERNMENT discounts, visit:
                Or, call:  1-800-690-3906 (U.S. and Canada).
Thanks again for downloading the Macromedia Dreamweaver 4
30-day trial version. For even more resources and the
latest Dreamweaver news, visit us at:
Best regards,
The Macromedia Dreamweaver Team
Macromedia, Inc.
dreamweaverdownload at macromedia.com
Having Problems with Your Trial?
If you have any problems downloading Macromedia programs
from the Internet, please visit our Download TechNotes page:
If troubleshooting is unsuccessful, or if you have
additional questions or comments, please REPLY to this
e-mail with a request for Macromedia support.
If your trial version expires before the 30 days have
passed, or if you are having a problem unlocking the trial
version (to try or buy), please contact Release Software at:
support at releasesoft.com -- or call them (in North America):
1-800-210-5517 -- any time, day or night.
Your Questions, Comments, and Wishes
Your REPLY to this e-mail will be immediately forwarded
to the applicable Macromedia software team. Send wishes
for future Macromedia Dreamweaver features to:
wish-dreamweaver at macromedia.com
Macromedia University and Online Training
Macromedia University is an online training center that
makes learning Macromedia products and other Web
technologies convenient, effective, and affordable.
Macromedia University offers introductory and advanced
courses for most Macromedia Web publishing software.
For more information, visit the Macromedia University at:
Macromedia Support and E-mail Information
For Macromedia support resources, visit:
For Customer Service and all Macromedia contacts, visit:
Thank you for your continued interest in Macromedia
products. If you'd rather not receive future e-mails about
classes, product information, parties, or updates, send an
e-mail to:  remove at macromedia.com -- then, type: REMOVE ME
in the Subject line.
Macromedia:  Online Store:  Macromedia Dreamweaver:
Thank you again!
Copyright 2000 Macromedia. All rights reserved. Macromedia
and Dreamweaver are trademarks of Macromedia, Inc.
