
@_date: 1999-06-06 18:37:40
@_author: drinkenergy5573s35@yahoo.com 
@_subject: Miraculous Health productTo Benefit Millions. 7825lbEv2-036uzrd-16 
If I could show you how YOU can repair your body from the cellular/DNA level by just drinking water, would you be interested?
What if you could hear testimonials from people who are using this product and have seen phenomenal results in a short period of time, simply by drinking this water, providing their body the means to repair itself.  Can you take 30 minutes out of your day to LISTEN to a call?
Many have reported that simply drinking this water has had a positive impact on
degenerative diseases in record breaking times, from cataracts to obesity, diabetes, ulcers, acne, arthritis, high blood pressure, baldness, wrinkles, gray hair, scars, acne, tooth decay, eczema, emphysema, snoring,  removes PLAQUE FROM ARTERIES like Chelation therapy, and is great for plants and gardens, as it even keeps grass green in the winter! This product is BRAND NEW to the United States.  It was developed out of the country and has been used very successfully for 8 years with a 99% reorder rate.  Once you try this product, you WILL reorder!
This product is in the beginning stages of sweeping the nation very quickly!  Whether or not you are interested in building a business with these products, you MUST try this product for your health.  Want to build a business?  It doesn’t get easier than this.  RESULTS!  Once you see results, you HAVE to tell others.  PLUS, because of the fact that people DO reorder, should you decide to become a distributor, there are NO monthly requirements!  AND you will still receive commissions.  It doesn't cost to listen, you'll be sorry if you don't.  Take a few minutes to change your life NOW!
New To The USA!  Be First To Join and one of the first to try this miraculous product!  Don't Miss Out!
For more information, send an e-mail to: bodyenergy4 at yahoo.com SUBJECT:  WATER – MORE INFORMATION
Thank you!
To be removed please send email to delete_mailings4 at yahoo.com with "Remove" in the subject line
