
@_date: 1993-08-11 14:32:06
@_author: David Sobel 
@_subject: Clipper trapdoor? 
Clipper trapdoor?
This raises an interesting question and I draw a totally different
conclusion.  If, as we have been told, the only way for an agency to
obtain the escrow keys is to present a court order, than NSA needs
to obtain such an order to decrypt *any* communication it intercepts.
I don't really understand what Peter means when he says that "NSA has rarely had trouble in the past exercising either its explicitly granted legal authority  or its implied authority. The phrase 'national security'
is a powerful pass phrase around Washington and there is no reason
for me to believe that the NSA wouldn't get all of the access
to the escrow database that it needs to do its job."
Does this mean NSA would, in fact, obtain a warrant in order to "get all of the access to the escrow database that it needs to do its job"?  If so,
this would represent an unprecedented change in the way NSA does "its
job."  NSA has no domestic law enforcement authority, so it would
obviously never be in a position to obtain a law enforcement wiretap
warrant under Title III.  The only possible way for NSA to obtain a warrant
would be under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA).  But the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which issues warrants under FISA,
has ruled that FISA's provisions
   limit the authority to conduct electronic surveillances to the U.S.
   in a geographic sense as defined in sec. 101(i).  The drafters left
   to another day the matter of "broadening this legislation to apply
   overseas ... because the problems and circumstances of overseas
   surveillance demand separate treatment."
In the Matter of the Application of the United States for an Order
the Physical Search of Nonresidential Premises and Personal Property (1981),
footnote 1 (citations omitted).
Consider the following hypothetical: Iraqi agents smuggle Clipper phones
out of the U.S.  Saddam Hussein uses them to communicate with his military
commander in Basra.  NSA intercepts the communications.  Question:  How
does NSA decrypt the messages?
Note that neither Title III (law enforcement) nor FISA (U.S.-based) apply
to this situation, so we have to assume that NSA will not have a court order
to obtain the escrow keys.  I have to conclude that NSA would not be putting
this technology out into the world *unless* it did, in fact, have some way
decrypt messages *without* access to the escrow keys.
Am I missing something?
David Sobel
CPSR Legal Counsel

@_date: 1993-08-12 11:12:51
@_author: David Sobel 
@_subject: >Clipper trapdoor? 
RE>>Clipper trapdoor?
Marc -
As you (and others) noted in response to my posting, there is either a
trapdoor *or* a "national security exception" to the warrant/escrow
arrangement.  As your comment suggests, NSA has heretofore been
able to act unilaterally in exercising its "legal authorization" to
intercept communications overseas, but with the Clipper scheme must
obtain assistance from a third (and fourth?) party -- the escrow
agents.  I think the question you raise is a critical one -- under what
guidelines will the escrow agents determine the validity of an NSA
request for the key without a FISA warrant?
- David

@_date: 1993-08-13 09:08:49
@_author: David Sobel 
@_subject: NSA Seeks Delay in Clipper 
NSA Seeks Delay in Clipper Case
     The National Security Agency (NSA) has asked a federal court
for a one-year delay in a lawsuit challenging the secrecy of the
government's "Clipper Chip" encryption proposal.  The suit was
filed by Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility (CPSR)
on May 28 and seeks the disclosure of all information concerning
the controversial plan.
     In an affidavit submitted to the United States District Court
for the District of Columbia on August 9, NSA Director of Policy
Michael A. Smith states that
     NSA's search for records responsive to [CPSR's] request
     is under way, but is not yet complete.  Because the
     Clipper Chip program is a significant one involving the
     participation of organizations in four of NSA's five
     Directorates and the Director's staff, the volume of
     responsive documents is likely to be quite large.
     Moreover, because the Clipper Chip program is highly
     complex and technical and is, in substantial part,
     classified for national security purposes, the review
     process cannot be accomplished quickly.
     CPSR called for the disclosure of all relevant information
and full public debate on the proposal on April 16, the day it was
announced.  While NSA has insisted from the outset that the
"Skipjack" encryption algorithm, which underlies the Clipper
proposal, must remain secret, the Smith affidavit contains the
first suggestion that the entire federal program is classified "in
substantial part."  In the interest of obtaining timely judicial
review of the agency's broad classification claim, CPSR intends to
oppose NSA's request for delay in the court proceedings.
     In another case involving government cryptography policy,
CPSR has challenged NSA's classification of information concerning
the development of the Digital Signature Standard (DSS).  The
court is currently considering the issue and a decision is
expected soon.
     CPSR is a national public-interest alliance of computer
industry professionals dedicated to examining the impact of
technology on society.  CPSR has 21 chapters in the U.S. and
maintains offices in Palo Alto, California, and Washington, DC.
For additional information on CPSR, call (415) 322-3778 or
e-mail .
David L. Sobel
CPSR Legal Counsel

@_date: 1993-12-09 09:30:59
@_author: David Sobel 
@_subject: CPSR Letter to Clinton 
CPSR Letter to Clinton
     On December 6, the Digital Privacy and Security Working
Group, a "coalition of over 50 communications and computer
companies and associations, and consumer and privacy advocates"
coordinated by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, sent a letter
to President Clinton concerning cryptography policy.  The letter
states, "In our discussions with Administration officials, we have
expressed the Coalition's tentative acceptance of the Clipper
Chip's encryption scheme (as announced on April 16, 1993), but
only if it is available as a voluntary alternative to widely-
available, commercially-accepted, encryption programs and
     The Washington Office of Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility (CPSR) has sent the following letter to the
President.  We believe that the position stated in this letter
continues to represent the views of the vast majority of network
users, as reflected in the overwhelmingly critical comments
submitted to the National Institute of Standards and Technology in
response to its recent solicitation of public comments on the
Clipper proposal.
                                     December 8, 1993
The President
The White House
Washington, DC  20500
Dear Mr. President,
     We are writing to you regarding the Clipper cryptography proposal now under consideration by the White House and a letter you may have received about the proposal from a group called the "Digital Privacy and Security Working Group."
     This group wrote to you recently and expressed their "tentative acceptance" of the Clipper Chip encryption scheme.  We disagree with their views.  This group has made a grave mistake and does not speak for the many users of computer networks and developers of network services who have vigorously opposed this proposal.
     We are very much concerned about the Clipper proposal.  At its core is the dubious premise that the government should have the authority to design communications networks that facilitate wire surveillance.  The plan was developed in secret by the National Security Agency over the objection of U.S. firms, professional associations and public interest organizations.  Key details about the proposal remain      This proposal must not be endorsed.  The development of open, unclassified standards is critical for the future of the nation's communications infrastructure. Progress and innovation depend on the free exchange of scientific and technical information.  It is essential to the integrity of the scientific process that standards are openly created and available for public review.      There is also a great need to ensure that future networks are designed with the highest levels of privacy and security possible.  As our country becomes ever more dependent on the high-speed network, the need for secure systems will only increase.  The Clipper proposal purposefully cripples the security of the network and reduces the privacy protection that users could otherwise obtain.
     There is another still more serious problem with the Clipper proposal.  An agency with the authority to conduct wiretaps must not be allowed to impose technical standards to facilitate wire surveillance.  The threat to Constitutional
democracy is clear.  A system of checks and balances is
essential to ensure that the powerful investigative tools of
government are properly controlled.       We have followed the development of this proposal with great concern.  We have testified before Congressional committees.  We have appeared before agency panels, provided reports on wire surveillance, and debated the former FBI Director on national television.  We have also sponsored conferences with full participation from across the federal government.  We believe that the best policies will result from an open and unrestricted exchange of views.       It is our assessment that you must not permit adoption of the Clipper technical standard, even on a voluntary basis.  At a time when the country should be moving toward open standards designed for commercial networks, the Clipper proposal asks future users of the nation's information infrastructure to accept a standard intended for the Cold War era.  It is a backward-looking plan that serves neither the interests of the American people nor American business.      The adoption of the Clipper proposal would also ratify an unlawful process that has undermined the authority of Congress and weakened the mechanisms of government accountability.  The proper authority for the development of this standard never rested with the NSA.  Under the Computer Security Act of 1987, it was a civilian agency that was to develop appropriate standards for the nation's commercial networks.  Through a series of secret executive orders, the NSA usurped the authority of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, substituted its own proposal for those of NIST, and effectively derailed this important policy process.
     When the computer user community had the opportunity to voice its position on this proposal, it rejected the plan overwhelmingly.  The notice and comment process conducted by the Department of Commerce earlier this year resulted in nearly uniform opposition to the Clipper proposal. It would be hard to find a technical standard more disliked by the potential user community.
     While we support the relaxation of export controls on cryptography, we are not willing to concede to the NSA the right to develop secret standards.  It is only because the National Security Agency also exerts influence on export control policy that the Digital Privacy coalition is prepared to endorse the Clipper standard in exchange for new opportunities to market products.  It may be a good deal for
the coalition members, but it is a terrible outcome for the rest of the country.
     We very much appreciate your efforts on behalf of open government, and your work with the Vice President and the Secretary of Commerce to develop the nation's information infrastructure.  We believe that these efforts are sending our country in the right direction, helping to develop advanced technologies appropriate for a democratic nation and to preserve open and accountable government.
     But the Clipper proposal was not a creation of your administration.  It is a relic from a period that is now moving rapidly into the history books, a time when secret agencies made secret decisions and when backroom deals with powerful, private interests sustained these arrangements.
     It is time to end this cynical form of policy making.      We ask you to reject the deal put forward by the Digital Privacy and Security Working Group. The Clipper proposal should not go forward.
     We would be pleased to meet with members of your administration to discuss this matter further.
                              Sincerely yours,
                              Marc Rotenberg, Director
                              David Sobel, Legal Counsel
                              Dave Banisar, Policy Analyst
                              CPSR Washington office
      Secretary Ron Brown, Department of Commerce       Anthony Lake, National Security Council
      Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board

@_date: 1993-11-12 13:43:44
@_author: David Sobel 
@_subject: "Root Canal" questions 
"Root Canal" questions
The Hatch Act applies only to "partisan" activity (i.e., electoral).
There is, however, a very real question as to whether or not the
activity we've uncovered might violate 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1913, which
prohibits the use of "appropriated funds" for lobbying purposes.
I'm in the process of looking into that.  There's no way to read this
material without concluding that the Bureau was undertaking an
orchestrated, agency-wide lobbying campaign in support of the
"Root Canal" initiative.
BTW, anyone have ideas about that name!?
David Sobel
CPSR Legal Counsel

@_date: 1993-09-23 14:23:59
@_author: David Sobel 
@_subject: NIST Explains Clipper "Revi 
NIST Explains Clipper "Review"
     The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has clarified the role of five experts selected by the agency to evaluate the government's Clipper Chip proposal and the underlying SKIPJACK cryptographic algorithm.  In a recent letter to the CPSR Washington Office, NIST asserts that the panel was not established to provide "advice or recommendations" to the government.  Rather, according to NIST, the reason for convening the group was "to provide the opportunity for independent experts to satisfy themselves as to the strength and effectiveness of the algorithm in order to encourage widespread acceptance of it in the marketplace."  NIST concludes that the panel's evaluation therefore falls outside the scope of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, which opens the work of advisory panels to public      In response to CPSR's request for documents relevant to the panel's review, the agency reveals that
     NIST has no records which were made available to or prepared
     for the five experts for the purpose of enabling them to
     evaluate the Clipper Chip proposal.  Any such records would
     be in the possession of the National Security Agency, where
     all activities related to the work of the experts were
     conducted.
This disclosure provides further confirmation that NSA, and not NIST, is the driving force behind the Clipper proposal, despite NIST's public role as the "proposing" agency.
     The only NIST document released to CPSR is a copy of the invitation sent to the five experts who participated in the evaluation.  That letter describes the "key escrow" system and states that the escrowed keys will be made available "only to authorized government officials under proper legal authorizations, usually a court order."  This language -- "usually a court order"
