
@_date: 2000-10-05 14:37:22
@_author: Doug Solomon 
@_subject: CDR: ADV: Free Search Engine Placement Report - Get Yours Today 
Complete list REMOVAL instructions outlined below message.
                            F R E E   R E P O R T  Is your website at the top of the major search engines?  It needs to be!  If
it is not, you are missing out on serious amounts of web traffic and business!
Did you know that 85% of web traffic originates from search engines?  AND
did you know that 98.2% of searches do NOT go past the third page of search
results? (from the GVU 10th WWW User survey, Oct-Dec 1999)
As a means of introduction we are offering you FREE a one time, no
obligation, report of your website`s rank on the major search engines.  You
must know whether or not your website is achieving top rank on the major
search engines.  If you are not within the first 30 results you loose a
distinct advantage over your competition.  Obviously the higher the better.
Click the link below and find out immediately if your website has the
ranking that will make you money.
          If you have any questions or comments either before or after you have
received your free report, please don`t hesitate to write us at
          info at adnetwork.cc
Thank you for your time
Your search engine Placement Specialists
          Creating Positive Solutions for Your Internet Business
We apologies if you are not interested in internet traffic building
technologies.  E-mail is the fastest method of distributing this type of
timely business information.  If you wish to have your e-mail address
removed from our business  information update data base simply click on the
hyperlink below:
          This message is being sent to you in compliance with the Federal legislation
for commercial e-mail (S.1618-SECTION 301) This letter is not considered
spam as long as we include contact information and a remove link.
Doug Solomon Inter-Networking Promotions Specialist
                            Removal Instructions To unsubscribe from the Ad Network ( emailing list, please
browse to the following URL:
      This page is secured by a 40 bit SSL Encryption for your protection and email
privacy.  You may list as many emails you wish to be removed from this and all
sequent messages.  We keep an extensive and complete database of removes that
is cross referenced before any new promotions are broadcast.
You may also email with "UNSUBSCRIBE" in the Subject Line:
          removes at adnetwork.cc
This email is in complete compliance to Opt-Out mailing practices as stated in
the Rules under California Business & Professions Code Section 17538.45
