
@_date: 1996-02-07 11:26:33
@_author: Philip L. Dubois 
@_subject: Zimmermann Legal Defense Fund 
MESSAGE FROM ZIMMERMANN DEFENSE TEAM
FOR IMMEDIATE WIDE DISTRIBUTION WITHOUT MODIFICATION
I write on behalf of Philip Zimmermann and his legal defense team for two reasons:  to offer thanks and to make an announcement.  First, we offer our thanks to all the generous souls who donated money and services to the Zimmermann Legal Defense Fund.  Without you, we could not have mounted the defense that we did, and we would not have achieved the result that we did.  Your contributions
were made from a commitment to the causes of privacy and justice,
and we are grateful.
The announcement:  as you may know, I am the only lawyer who was not working pro bono, i.e., without expectation of being paid.  Three of our lawyers-- Ken Bass in D.C., Eben Moglen in New York, and Curt Karnow in San Francisco-- devoted hundreds of hours of time and substantial expenses for which they've not been paid.  Tom Nolan in Palo Alto and Bob Corn-Revere in D.C. also spent a great deal of time on this case for which they were not paid.  And, of course, Joe Burton in San Francisco toiled in obscurity on behalf of the other person who was also targeted by
the federal investigation.
I agreed up front not to bill for all my time, and judging from the rate of current contributions, it now appears that the Defense Fund will cover the fees and costs that I billed.  I would like to see these other lawyers receive some compensation for their efforts.
Accordingly, all donations to the Zimmermann Legal Defense Fund mailed, authorized, or generally "made" (as opposed to "received") after midnight local time on 14 February 1996 will be distributed
among these other lawyers to defray their costs and, if possible, to compensate them for a little of their time.
I make this announcement because people contributing to the Fund have a right to know that Mr. Zimmermann's actual defense costs are now covered and that additional donations will go to lawyers who agreed to work for free and who were absolutely essential to the defense.
Again, my thanks.
Philip L. Dubois
Counsel for Philip Zimmermann
Philip L. Dubois, P.C.
2305 Broadway
Boulder, CO  80304-4106
voice:  303-444-3885
fax:  303-444-1051
email:  dubois at dubois.com

@_date: 1996-02-10 09:02:10
@_author: Philip L. Dubois 
@_subject: Zimermann Legal Defense Fund 
I've received reports that the signature on my recent Cypherpunks post did
not check out.  I have no idea why it didn't check out, but I've re-signed
the message and now append it to this one.  -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
MESSAGE FROM ZIMMERMANN DEFENSE TEAM
FOR IMMEDIATE WIDE DISTRIBUTION WITHOUT MODIFICATION
I write on behalf of Philip Zimmermann and his legal defense team
for two reasons:  to offer thanks and to make an announcement.
First, we offer our thanks to all the generous souls who donated
money and services to the Zimmermann Legal Defense Fund.  Without
you, we could not have mounted the defense that we did, and we
would not have achieved the result that we did.  Your contributions
were made from a commitment to the causes of privacy and justice,
and we are grateful.
The announcement:  as you may know, I am the only lawyer who
was not working pro bono, i.e., without expectation of being
paid.  Three of our lawyers-- Ken Bass in D.C., Eben Moglen in New
York, and Curt Karnow in San Francisco-- devoted hundreds of
hours of time and substantial expenses for which they've not been
paid.  Tom Nolan in Palo Alto and Bob Corn-Revere in D.C. also
spent a great deal of time on this case for which they were not
paid.  And, of course, Joe Burton in San Francisco toiled in
obscurity on behalf of the other person who was also targeted by
the federal investigation.
I agreed up front not to bill for all my time, and judging from
the rate of current contributions, it now appears that the Defense
Fund will cover the fees and costs that I billed.  I would like to
see these other lawyers receive some compensation for their efforts.
Accordingly, all donations to the Zimmermann Legal Defense Fund
mailed, authorized, or generally "made" (as opposed to "received")
after midnight local time on 14 February 1996 will be distributed
among these other lawyers to defray their costs and, if possible,
to compensate them for a little of their time.
I make this announcement because people contributing to the Fund
have a right to know that Mr. Zimmermann's actual defense costs
are now covered and that additional donations will go to lawyers
who agreed to work for free and who were absolutely essential to
the defense.
Again, my thanks.
Philip L. Dubois
Counsel for Philip Zimmermann
Philip L. Dubois, P.C.
2305 Broadway
Boulder, CO  80304-4106
voice:  303-444-3885
fax:  303-444-1051
email:  dubois at dubois.com

@_date: 1996-01-13 14:45:05
@_author: Philip L. Dubois 
@_subject: News Release 
Yesterday morning, I received word from Assistant U.S. Attorney William Keane in San Jose, California, that the government's three-year investigation of Philip Zimmermann is over.  Here is the text of Mr. Keane's letter to me:
"The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California has decided that your client, Philip Zimmermann, will not be prosecuted in connection with the posting to USENET in June 1991 of the encryption program Pretty Good Privacy.  The investigation is closed."
The U.S. Attorney also released this to the press:
"Michael J. Yamaguchi, United States Attorney for the Northern District of California, announced today that his office has declined prosecution of any individuals in connection with the posting to USENET in June 1991 of the encryption program known as "Pretty Good Privacy."  The investigation has been closed.  No further comment will be made by the U.S. Attorney's Office on the reasons for declination.
Assistant U.S. Attorney William P. Keane of the U.S. Attorney's Office in San Jose at (408) 535-5053 oversaw the government's investigation of the On receiving this news, Mr. Zimmermann posted this to the Cypherpunks
