
@_date: 1994-04-02 15:19:47
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Secure deletion 
Mr. Mike Watson, who writes an encryption
program named "Enigma 2.2" based on DES
also writes a really nice deletion program
for the Macintosh.  Burn 2.0 is FREEWARE,
and will overwrite with 0's, with 1's,
with random 1's and 0's...even with your
own pattern.  You can also erase all
free space on the HD...and you can choose
the number of passes.  If you want a copy,
I'll be glad to send you one...and, if you want me to upload a copy to a site,
please pass on any suggestions.  I don't
know about ITAR restrictions, so I probably
won't go outside the US and Canada;  what
the rest of you do is your biz...

@_date: 1994-04-04 21:14:59
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Burn 2.0 file deletion 
My Apologies!  Mia Culpa!
I've come across a really great
freeware program called burn2.o
for the Mac.  I offered to send it
to anyone who was interested...
two people responded...and I
promptly lost the e-mail addresses.
Please e-mail me and I'll do
better...this is a great little

@_date: 1994-04-05 18:54:50
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Jamie Lawrence 
I regret that I'm not able to read your
metashell messages...would it be possible
to send me your email address otherwise..
a plain text type perhaps?  I think you're
looking for a copy of Burn 2.0...but I
can't send it until I can find an (Sorry for the waste of bandwidth...)

@_date: 1994-04-10 13:23:24
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Export Restricitons of Crypto 
Take a look in International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)
(22 CFR 120-130), Department of State, Office of Munitions Control,
November, 1989.  See Part 121 - The United States Munitions List, Category XIII - Auxiliary Military Equipment, paragraph (b), quoted as
cryptographic devices and software (encoding and
decoding), and components specifically designed
or modified therefore, ancillary equipment, and
protective apparatus specifically designed or modi-
fied for such devices, components, and equip-
Dave

@_date: 1994-04-12 14:54:28
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Aliases (general case) 
Actually, it is legal to use an alias for any
number of things, including the phone book,
*_so long as the purpose is not to defraud_*;
thus, using Mother Teresa Charities might be
so construed, while using Sam Jones probably
would not be.  There are prohibitions against
using false ID...driver's lic., passport,
and so forth...but not against using an
alias.  This is all after consultation
with my attorney...
As a side note, it is possible in Texas to
file an "assumed name" at the courthouse
of the county(ies) wherein you plan to
do business...costs about $15, including the
notary fees, and lasts 10 years.  You can
have almost anything for a name....and what
would be more natural than having your new
"business name" in the phone book?  Nice,
legal...and cheap (except a business line
is a bit more expensive).  Can this be done
in other states?

@_date: 1994-04-13 20:41:31
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Soldier of Fortune magazine. 
(with apologies for snipping this excellent idea...)
This is a great idea...much has been said about getting crypto
software into the hands of the masses;   this is a marvelous
way to proceed!  Those willing to write such articles could
probably even get paid (a little) for doing so!

@_date: 1994-04-24 15:10:08
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Warrentlesss SEarches 
[snip] 	
  [excellent points all]
  [Bravo!  Would that more people took personal responsibility!]
  [snip...with regret]   [And, even in the finest 'burbs, the police cannot be everywhere!
   Indeed, if you study police doctrine, it very clearly states that
   police and DETER crime, they can APPREHEND criminals, but they
   cannot PREVENT crime.  Even a 5 minute response time will not solve
   the problem.  Indeed, a 1 minute response would not...because
   someone must call them first!  Still more significantly, the criminals
   are not stupid.  They go where the money is...and if it is easier to
   steal Rolex's and 'Benzs in Suburbia...guess where they'll go?  The
   city manager (!) here in San Antonio found this out when he was
   robbed in the driveway of his house.  ]
  [Elegant!  My apologies for the bandwidth, but this quote needs to
  be repeated daily by the administration ]
   [I'm as xenophobic as the next guy ;-), but I don't think the problem
   is necessarily suburbia;  rather, it often seems that people in general,
   and irregardless of socioeconomic status, are eagerly discarding
   rights in order to escape personal involvement.  Merely voting is
   (seemingly) too tedious; and anything more demanding is (again, seemingly)
   completely out of the question.  Who was it who said "He who would
   trade a little liberty for a little security deserves neither"?]

@_date: 1994-04-24 18:45:58
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: warrentless searches 
Adam appears to be of the opinion that we are
a democracy...technically, we are a representative
republic.  A minor quibble, perhaps, but it leads
to larger issues.
The entire purpose of the structure of our
government (seperation of powers, varied
election schedules, powers reserved to the
states, the bill of rights and so forth) is
to prevent the suppression of the rights of
a minority by the majority.  At least, that
is the ideal!  Guarantees of freedom are not required for popular positions.  Is freedom of
the press required for journals extolling the "lovely weather here in our most perfect of all
possible worlds!"?  Hardly.  Such things could
be safely written in the most authoritarian society.
The majority of the people in the projects wants
warrantless searches....it seems so very reasonable
to say, ok, the gangs are out of control, the majority
wants these searches, lets just go ahead!  But, remember,
you still have a minority of people who *_don't_* want
these searches and seizures.  Are we, in the name of
expediency, to abandon the rights of this minority?  A
minority neither of race nor of money, but of opinion?
If the majority of people decide that ownership of
firearms is counter to the interests of society,
will we take away this option?  If the majority
feels that safety will be enhanced, are we to be
required to carry "papers" everywhere?  This is a
slippery path...if the same majority decides that decent people don't need privacy, then the days of
the Clipper debates will remind us of what we have
lost.  Let's really bring this home...if society decides
that "old people", say those over 75, cost too much to
keep alive, will we let the same majority invoke
forced euthanasia?  Why not, the *_majority_* is all
for it!
No Adam, I'm not accusing you of anything, save the
most terrible action of all...the willing subordination
of liberty for an elusive safety that probably won't come
anyway.  Keep in mind that there are antisocial acts even
in totalitarian states.  And, if the North Koreas of the
world have less gang violence...are we ready for such a
trade?  Again, the elimination of hard won freedoms is
a terrible price.  I predict that within a decade we will
all regret the first step we take toward abolishing the
rights our founders willingly gave their all to win.

@_date: 1994-08-08 11:42:05
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: PGP 2.6 for UNIX 
I've been having difficulty compiling
PGP 2.6 for UNIX V, Release 4.0.
There *_were_* some compiled
executables out there for 2.3,
but I've failed to find the same
for the 2.6 version.  Any ideas?

@_date: 1994-08-13 14:37:23
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: pubring 
I just abused the school computer by
downloading the public keyring for
pgp at ftp.demon.co.uk.  It's
dated July 30, which is fine...
but they have a caution about
it no longer being updated
automatically.  Will anyone
be starting a new public
keyring after Sept 1?

@_date: 1994-08-23 20:30:22
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: 1984 
[Not at all!]
[Indeed yes!]
[Does 'the death of a thousand cuts' come to mind?]
Certainly NOT a flame, but I guess I see it differently...
the 'simple' crime bill is not simple..quite the contrary,
it is a complex piece of legislation!  Quite aside from the
AW provision, there are big reasons to question it.  For
example, I just learned that the bill only pays for 25,000
police officers;  the other 75,000 officers are *_mandated_*
expenditures for local governments.  However, if the funding
is NOT used for police officers, then the funds don't impose
a mandate!
Going to guns;  originally, they wanted to limit magazine
capacity to 5 rounds;  they compromised to 10.  It is a
slow grinding away of rights.  May I quote Lenin?
"Probe as with a knife.  Press forward when you feel
flesh, withdraw when you touch bone."  Apologies to Lenin,
since I don't happen to have his books at hand!   :-)
I suspect part of the problem is a steady increase in regulations.  Not so long ago, you could buy a firearm
through the mail..not any more.  Waitresses weren't
targeted by the IRS for failure to report tip income...
they are now.  Scanners weren't at risk of being banned;
clipper wasn't even imagined; warrants were required for
searches (they aren't in public housing, now)...I think
I perceive a trend!
As for inner & outer circles...well, I suspect that the
folks who donate $10,000 per year get a *_tad_* more
respect than I do!!

@_date: 1994-08-26 19:22:31
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Anon Remailers 
Some time back, Xenon maintained a list of anonymous remailers, along with what records
were kept, i.e., simple counter, to & from
addresses, full text for some time period,
etc.  I know the list is available via
finger (Many compliments to those involved
in that!!!), but was wondering if the record-
keeping aspect was reported anywhere?
And no, I've never written to whitehouse.gov,
don't intend to, and wouldn't on a bet!!!

@_date: 1994-12-28 17:04:06
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman???? 
I saw an earlier post discussing problems that Phil Zimmerman
was facing.  Is there any information about what those might

@_date: 1994-02-01 11:50:36
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: PGP 
I was wondering if anyone has an answer to
a question on PGP....
About how many calculations does it take
to crack a 1024 bit key?  If someone
has limitless time, money, etc., they
can break it...but how many calculations
does it take?
Also, there is a password used to protect
the keyrings.  Assuming a strong password
how many calculations does that take to
If there isn't some special method, an
assumption that leads nowhere, just how
much "brute force" effort is really required?
Thanks, Dave

@_date: 1994-02-07 21:36:33
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: keyservers 
I just downloaded the demon.co.uk
 public keyring...but, since I
don't have mosaic or WWW and can't
use the ai.mit.edu server, how would
I add my public key to such a keyring?
Thanks for any thoughts.

@_date: 1994-02-16 20:00:26
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: The L. D. persona... 
The other day, I noticed that MacPGP seemed
to give credit to a person with the initials
L. D.  He certainly seems unpopular...was he at one
time a more positive force?  Or is this a
dumb question on my part?

@_date: 1994-02-20 14:51:27
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Blacknet worries 
With all due respect....the U.S Government has PLENTY
of tools to go after those deemed to be violators of
various rules and regs...with or without Blacknet,
with or without encryption.
For the purposes of discussion, let's assume perfect,
unbreakable encryption, all undistinguishable (even
in principle) from noise.  Yes, I admit, that is a
big assumption.
What other tools can be used, well...
1.  Imputed income.  If you live well, and don't show
    enough reportable income, the IRS can determine how
    much you are _Really_ making, and figure your tax
    thereon.  You disagree?  Prove it in tax court.
    By the way, the burden of proof is on ...YOU.
2.  Criminal conspiracy.  Elements are
   a.  two or more people
   b.  a prepatory act
    So...if we were talking about any number of possible
    illicit activities, conspiracy is a really viable
    charge.  Even if nobody ever commits the  act.  Think
    about this one next time you talk with anyone
    you don't know really well about anything much
    more controversial than the *_Lovely_* weather
    we've been having!
3.  CCE (Continuing Criminal Enterprise).  Did you
    know that the statute of limitations is suspended
    under this law?  And, testimony from third
    party *_unidentified_* informants is admissable?
4.  IRS-1040, Schedule B, Part III, Foreign Accounts and Trusts.
    Except for one relatively minor loophole, if you fail to
    report a foreign bank account, it is considered prima
    facie evidence of tax fraud.  Sound like a really bad
    day in the making?
5.  If you have more than $10,000 in US Dollar value in
    an offshore account, you are required to fill out a
    special form for the IRS giving your account numbers;
    unless you want to declare that you have more than
    20 such accounts, aggregating to more than $10,000.
6.  RICO.  They got Mike Miliken using this...indeed, Barron's
    magazine did an interesting report on RICO, with the
    conclusion that a determined Federal Prosecutor could
    use the law to convict a ham sandwich.
7.  Did you know that Federal prosecutors have a better than
    90% conviction rate?
8.  HOW does one spend "magic money"?  If you have bunches of
    cash offshore, and bring it in, records are created.  If
    you buy something, potential witnesses are created.  Can
    you really expect that the clerk in wire transfer at XYZ
    bank (who makes $6.50/hr) won't tip off someone when you
    wire in the $20,000 to buy ...whatever?
9.. Spies, criminals, and others often get in trouble due to their
    own and others' lack of discretion.  Can we really expect
    users of a hypothetical blacknet would never drink too much,
    never wish to impress someone, never trust someone unwisely?
NO, I'm not an attorney...by all means, check out what I've
said;  and, wherever you find errors, please correct them.
Hopefully, I've not given offense.  I enjoy encryption, and
I'm all for more of it;  but, I really don't think it will
be anything more than a minor inconvenince for law enforcement
and prosecutors if people engage in wholesale criminal acts.
The rather silly efforts in Waco, where those inside used
assault rifles to shoot at battle tanks; comes to mind as
analogous to use of encryption to stave off prosecution.
Now...your turn.  Let the Flames begin!
Dave

@_date: 1994-01-17 18:03:34
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Internet Banking 
As a recent subscriber, I'd like to ask a question or
two regarding banking...
1.  Such a bank would clearly need to be
offshore, and in a location with no banking
or taxation treaties with the US.  Some of these
are available, but, the record of quality
accounting and regulation isn't always the best.
What is the feeling about what depositors would
want from such a bank before they "did business".
2.  What is the minimum list of services a bank
should provide?  Deposit and transfer between
inhouse accounts would be easy...wire transfer
elsewhere would not be a problem...even handling
some investments could be done.  On the other hand,
things like unsecured loans, credit cards, and immediate
access to someone in "account services" would be a lot
more difficult to implement.
3.  What minimum account size would be appropriate?
Domestic branches of offshore banks (i.e., Union Bank of
Switzerland) generally require 100M, but the branches are
subject to US record keeping requirements.  Offshore,
$1,000 or less is common.  Would such levels, in your
opinion, work?
4.  Statements.  Generating statements is time and
accounting intensive.  Generating statements on
checking accounts is NOT cheap.  Would accounts
have to have scores of small transactions (i.e., $25
bucks for the xyz bill), or would it be possible to
merely feed a domestic account from the offshore 5.  Currency.  US dollars?  Swiss Franks?  Other?  Foreign
currency is a nice option, but would up the costs for a
startup bank.
6.  Yield.  Would depositors demand a yield?  Current low
rates at US banks seem to make this unimportant, but is it
really unimportant?
7.  Fees.  What level of fees could the bank charge?  A
regular US checking account for a small business can cost
$10 a month...
8.  Any thoughts about marketing?  Offshore banks, as I
understand it, cannot lawfully advertise their services within the US.
9.  Other thoughts?  What do YOU think would be needed, unneeded,
nice to have, in such an entity?  What would frighten potential
customers away?  Thanks for any thoughts you might have.

@_date: 1994-01-27 09:42:12
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: remailer? 
Nice as remailers are, I wonder if it might be
better to simply create a "message drop".
Various anon ID's would be created, with
suitable passwords. If Sam wishes to mail to Joe, he sends
to the account.  It sits for up to a week
before auto-deletion;  prior to that time
Joe can check his account for messages,
retrieve as appropriate, leave other messages, and leave.
The primary 'phone number would be in
one location, with the remailer at a
different physical location connected
via non-toll call forwarding.  Hence, no
LD toll records of the calls to the device.
Individuals would place calls, so their records might "give them away";  but
there would be no return calls from the Finally, if someone wanted to use methods
other than PGP this would seem to support
such methods.
Any thoughts, or am I hopelessly clueless?
Regards, Dave

@_date: 1994-07-08 19:12:32
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Whew! The dangers of posting to Usenet 
[Snip]
I did a telnet to the full address (less her name), and logged in
as guest.  She appears to be legit, so one could conclude she
doesn't care...although, truth be told, her message strikes me as
a reasonable example of 'obscurity'.
I was rather impressed by the services Mindvox offers...you might
want to take a tour...

@_date: 1994-07-09 16:35:36
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: As long as we're voting, Me Too! 
[snip]
At the risk of 'me-too-ism'....I cannot improve on
Mr. Williams position!  So...Me too.

@_date: 1994-06-21 08:22:14
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: DE-crypting (trivial case) 
Fellow C'punks:
I was wondering if anyone knew of software that
does decryption of weakly encrypted messages,
i.e., similar to ROT13, but perhaps ROT(x) where
0<x<26?  Or maybe a bit more sophisticated, but
not even at the single DES level?
Also...anyone know of any histogram software?
i.e., I input a file, it counts how many
letters of each type, and outputs it in a
table and/or a graph?
If not, I'll have to (horrors!) write code!
Kindest regards,

@_date: 1994-06-22 10:53:28
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Thanks! 
First, thanks to everyone for some *_super_*
guidance on decrypting weak cyphers...I
have some (enjoyable) homework to do now!
Secondly, I seem to have come across a minor
bug in the majordomo software;  and I thought
others might be having a similar problem...
I subscribed...'domo accepted...then I got
duplicate mailings.  I did a 'who', and
found I was listed under 2 slightly different, equally valid, addressess.  I
canceled one, and it required manual approval,
which came (apparently) quickly...and BOTH
addresses got taken off!  Anyway, after
fiddling with it a bit, I'm getting the
one copy of each posting I wanted...but,
I wonder if somehow the duplicate address
problem might be related to the crash

@_date: 1994-03-01 20:20:32
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Corporations 
Mr. May mentioned corporations;  I'd like to
hear comments on a concept....
Let's suppose an offshore corp. is established
somewhere;  perhaps Grenada, perhaps Belize,
or where ever.  You work for this corporation;
the corporation produces a product or service.
Now, here is where the potential seems to be:
the corporation generates bills from the offshore
location.  Customers pay to the corp., mailing to the offshore location.  Constructive receipt,
then, is offshore.  My understanding is that corporate earnings are subject to the host country's tax, NOT U.S. tax.  And, tax waivers
are not difficult to get from these other countries.
If one wishes to take some risks, the corp. then
makes a loan to the individual, at a fair market
rate of interest.  This would be in addition to
whatever miserly wage the corp. paid to it's
employees.  Of course, the person would be obligated
to declare a forgiven loan as income;  they would
be on their honor to do so, since there would be
no paperwork....
Any thoughts?  Or is there a gigantic hole in my

@_date: 1994-03-10 07:04:25
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: money... 
I'd appreciate any opinions/info available
on whether a rumor I heard is true or not.
I just learned that US bills, $20 and above,
have a magnetic strip embedded in the bill, on
the left hand side.  Looking at the front of
the bill, under the "U" in United States,
it's clearly visible on those bill printed
in 1990 and thereafter.  Supposedly, bills
in the $5 and $10 amounts have started being
fixed in such a way.
Now...the interesting part.  The rumor is
that it is possible to detect, at a modest
distance, the existance of and the amount
of currancy being carried.  Thus, if a person
boarded an airplane carrying $12,000 in cash
in a money belt, it would be possible to detect that fact.  The rumor expands that
this has in fact already been implemented at
one airport (at least).
Any thoughts?

@_date: 1994-03-16 08:50:59
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Radio networking 
Why worry about unliscensed?  I believe I've seen a laser (low power
Helium/Neon), possibly in the Edmund Scientific catalog, that you
can modulate.  You'd have a nearly impenetrable, highly directional
signal.  Failing that, stick to 250mw or less;  unless I'm mistaken,
that's almost completely unregulated, and certainly doesn't require
a license.  Lots of hand held CB units, and the Maxon headsets fall in this For higher powers, you might consider getting a Ham license, probably
at the technician grade.   It's true that you aren't permitted to
send encrypted messages...but did you know that many hams use
SSTV (Slow scan Television) to send still photographs around the
*_World_* on long wave (i.e. 10 meter) bands?  Of course, only a
shamefully irresponsible person would think of violating their
duties as a Citizen-Unit (per Mr. May) and use Stegonography to include an encrypted message...
You can also legally send unencrypted
teletype messages over the Ham waves.  Darn
modems...sometimes we all have a "bad modem" day when everything
comes out garbage.  Must be the cables.

@_date: 1994-03-24 18:27:05
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Clipper (again) 
This is probably erroneous logic but...
1. Mr Davis of The New Republic sends parts of his
   article via modem.  The article (unencrypted)
   is intercepted by persons unknown.  Mr. Davis
   receives a cryptic (pun intended) call in his
   room about the transmissions.
2. The Clinton Administration wants Clipper to
   facilitate monitoring of communications.
3. The Government would escrow clipper keys.
4. What keeps someone in a high government office
   from misusing these keys?  Especially since
   item 1 is illegal due to antiwiretap laws
   anyway?
I e-mailed a copy of this to Rush...since a
lot more people are excited about Whitewater
than about Clipper, it seems like it might make
a decent tie-in...

@_date: 1994-05-02 17:54:35
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: the value of money 
BRAVO!  Magic Money is a grand idea, but I've never been able to make it work;
for me, at least, it was not "user friendly";  and I like to think I'm
not totally clueless, since it looks as if I'll pass Assembly Language
this semester ;-).  Can't a derivation of MM at least as easy to use
as PGP and/or UNIX be developed?  And, if we REALLY want it to take off,
how about something that is menu based that a typical commercial online user could learn to use at a minimal level in a few minutes?  No, I don't
have the skills to take on such a project...but if widespread use is the
goal, and if there are still fewer than 4000 hard-corps PGP users with
their keys on a keyserver, then it appears that someone needs to come up
with a program no more complex than PGP...preferably much simpler.

@_date: 1994-05-02 21:44:07
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Virtual Cash 
But, don't we have a good model?  Pre 1929, didn't most banks issue
their own version of US currency, backed by their own reserves?  If
an easily usable program existed to generate the tokens (please, in
decimal units, not in farthings, shillings, and binary!) any issuer
could distribute them.  Assuming the token signature couldn't be forged,
each issuers "reputation" would determine the fair market price of a
token.  Thus, 1,000,000 Rubles = $550 (US);  The market has determined
that the Russians don't have a strong financial reputation.  In the
cypher world, someone who issued tokens and redeemed them for pure gold
at 100 tokens per oz. would quickly have a very strong rep., while those
who turned out billions of the things backed by nothing wouldn't have much of a rep.  Merchants might (or might not!) accept tokens from an
unknown source, or from a known weak source.  This could even lead to
"central clearing houses", who would issue tokens under their own name
in behalf of others, based on a balance of good funds (i.e., gold, silver,
US Dollars, or whatever).  They might charge a fee for such services...
of course, in an unregulated environment, there would be risks of fraud.
If I might suggest, the key is widely ported, inexpensive, easy to use
software to generate the tokens.  Let people start to mint, distribute,
buy, sell, and redeem the things.  A market (with market values) will
develop....just as it does in countries that wind up using cigarettes
for currency.  Would it not be possible to have a program that 1.  Accepts a strong password
1.a Accepts an identity and address
2.  Accepts a denomination preference
3.  Accepts a quantity preference
4.  Generates tokens with a signature as in PGP
or, when tokens are received,
1.  Shows the issuer id and address
2.  Shows denomination and quantity of each
3.  Verifies signatures
4.  Stores tokens (perhaps with no way to extract or duplicate  them?)
5.  Displays storage by category, denomination, issuer, and so forth
6.  Can DESTROY tokens (i.e., take them off the market)
and, perhaps most importantly,
there has to be a way to prevent copied tokens from being
distributed without restriction.  (i.e., Sandy sends Dave 5 of
his tokens.  Dave, being unethical, copies the 5 tokens and
sends the same 5 tokens to everyone on the C.Punks list.  Now
Sandy has *_hundreds_* of people with the same counterfeit
tokens!  It would be as if anyone with a copier could
counterfeit US currency)  Can a program prevent such behavior?
Has this already been done with Magic Money?  Or is the
program still waiting to be written?

@_date: 1994-05-11 20:29:33
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Bad debates... 
Mr. May wrote an excellent piece regarding the lack
of in-depth discussion of code...and, I believe he's
put his finger on the problem when he mentions that
the majority don't feel capable of adding to the post;
indeed, I fear I may be guilty of hubris for commenting
on the posting of someone who clearly knows far more than do I about crypto.
Continuing the theme, I've just bought a copy of
applied crypto...and even after Data Structures II
and Assembly Language I, it's tough sledding.  I
still can't fix the PGP makefile to compile for the Sun4 machine at the university (although, thanks to
this list, I was able to find an already compiled
version).  The problem, if I may say so, is that
code at this level of complexity may be achievable for full-fledged
cypherpunks...but it is not yet for those of us who
remain mere "wanna-be's".  This is, I suspect, why
cryptography is not spreading as rapidly as we would
prefer.  Keep in mind that the better programs, while
technically elegant, just aren't user friendly.  As
as example of what is being dealt with, I have a
friend with a new 486DX 50Mhz machine with a 300 Meg
drive...and he only uses it for one application.  Word
Perfect 5.0.  I just installed Compuserve for him.  And,
this is a really intelligent person, he's just not computer oriented.  He needs PGP, SecureDrive, and so
forth, but he doesn't understand how to use them.  How
many others are out there, just like him?  I suspect a
bunch.  To get crypto 'out there' it is going to have
to be very, very easy to use...and with instructions
equal to a single double spaced page (or less) ...
all of this is just MHO. So, I probably won't be reasonably able to make
intelligent comments on the in-depth posts for
*_at-least_* a year;  but, I DO know how to delete
the more tedious posters!  ;-)  Since I do pick up
a lot from the posts, I do hope Mr. May (and others)
won't get TOO discouraged...

@_date: 1994-05-18 16:27:51
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Caller ID info... 
Steve, in the case of Southwestern Bell ( and, I believe, the other
local phone companies as well) per line blocking will not work at all
     1-700 numbers
     1-800 numbers
     1-900 numbers
       976 numbers
       911
(and some other special purpose numbers too).  For that matter, the
*XX option won't block such calls either.  It gets worse...the long
distance companies have the _policy_ that when a number appears on
your phone bill, the person being billed gets to know who it goes to.
So...when you dial an 800 number, not only is it VERY possible they
see a display with your number therein, but they can go to their
monthly billing and get info about who you are despite having line
blocking, call blocking, and non-published number status.  Nice, huh?

@_date: 1994-05-26 10:16:55
@_author: David L Womack 
@_subject: Unicorn vs.... 
I have to support Black Unicorn's use of the courts.
Really, what choices were available?
a)  Do nothing.  Eat the losses.  Suffer destruction
    of his reputation.  Does anyone really advocate
    this?  Even the religiously inclined don't advocate
    turning the other cheek ad inifinitum...
b)  Mail bombs or other amusements.  Not only does one
    join the target in the same figurative gutter, there
    are real questions of efficacy and legality.  Simply
    because one side foreswears the legal system, there
    is no guarantee both sides will.  And, there is     absolutely no guarantee that a sys. admin. won't seek
    criminal prosecution under a tampering with the computer
    theory.
c)  Hire some fool(s) to break the target's hands.  Not only
    do you risk prosecution, ala T. Harding, but I rather
    doubt we want to enter this still lower gutter.
d)  Pursue a criminal indictment.  Nice in that it really
    gets the target's attention, but it can be difficult to
    do.  And if people object to civil litigaton, I suppose     criminal charges would be even more objectionable.
e)  Sue the guy.  It's legal, it's easy, and it get's people's
    attention.  So, I, for one, think Black Unicorn took the best and most
reasonable approach.  I'd be very interested in which course
(or some other undefined course I didn't think of) that
the anarchists feel would be reasonable...

@_date: 1994-09-28 07:13:12
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: Sufferance remailers 
Great idea, but IMHO going offshore is a bit difficult...
it might be easier to arrange with a `useful idiot` to
get an extra phone installed in their closet, which would
then call forward to a local (and changeable) phone
number, where the computer would be physically located.
The computer itself would be transportable, and ideally
everything would be enclosed in a self-contained unit
with just two outlets...one for electricity, and one for
the telephone connection.
A further security step would be to trap the box such
that if it were opened improperly, the disk drive would
be physically destroyed.
The local phone calls don't create toll records, nor will
a tap or pin register, since the forwarding occurs in the
phone co. central office.
An important element would be to move the machine around,
both physically and electronically, so that there was a
moving target...and, if you were willing to accept the
phone costs, you could set up offshore.
Comments?  Any flaws in this?
Dave

@_date: 1995-01-06 11:35:16
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: Carol Anne - C'Punk Poster Person? 
It occurs to me that Carol's problem may well be of
considerable interest to c'punks and free speechers
everywhere.  Not that I favor spam or it's derivatives -
but Cancelmoose and others define spam as *_50_* or
more groups, esp. without crossposting.
My basis for saying that Carol's situation is
of interest is ---- as the net becomes more vulnerable
to regulation, who among is immune to a quick
cancellation of account?  For something such as,
say, the irresponsible (and antisocial?) advocacy
of crypto?  If an account can be chopped for 10
posts, where is the bottom limit?  5 perhaps? 2 maybe?
1 post that the sys-admin disagrees with?
Developing the idea, and combining it with for-profit
remailers...what would be wrong with a provider offering
a unix shell based account, with the option of registering
the account under a nym - and with finger user switchable
from on to off and back again?  The login ID would also
be unconnected to the name.  Frankly, none of this seems
that radical...our friend, America On Line has some of
these characteristics!  Various  'anti-true spam'
strategies could be used to prevent massive postings
of Make Money Etc...But instead of a remailer, an
actual *_system_* would be used.  Payments could be
by electronic invoice and money orders...
Any thoughts on this?
