
@_date: 1994-04-12 17:12:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Yet more number theory 
Well, I'm the person posting all the number theory stuff anonymously.
Well, not too anonymously since I am signing each post... ;)
I thought I'd try out Matt Ghio's service.  I'm not sure exactly what
will happen, but hopefully you will able to reply to this message and
reach me!
Anyway, I got my copy of "Elementary Number Theory and its
Applications" by Kenneth Rosen just now, and checked Miller-Rabin
primality testing, and pseudoprime primality testing.  Eric pointed
out some recent work (by Pomerance I presume) and it does indeed junk
the notion that for pseudoprime testing, the failure rate is 2^-n, n
being the number of trials.
However, Miller-Rabin isn't susceptible (it uses strong pseudoprime
testing) - and what it even better is the latest bound is 4^-k!  That
is, if you pick k integers and perform M-R on n for each, the chance a
composite will pass is less than (1/4)^k.
And, there is no analogy of a Carmichael number for strong
So I guess the bottom line is M-R is the way to go.

@_date: 1994-04-12 20:28:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MATH: number theory 
All right, more people have joined the number theory fun!
Somebody other than myself posted:
To which Peter Murphy asks:
I can, and I'm sure the original poster can as well.  Any book on
number theory should have Wilson's theorem; the second theorem isn't
too difficult to prove.
The first part of the above statement is a direct result of Wilson's
theorem, which I posted in an earlier statement.  A recap:
Wilson's theorem: for any prime p, (p-1)! = -1 mod p
==> (p-1)! + 1 = 0 mod p
See "Elementary Number Theory and its Applications" page 185.
As a consequence of Wilson's theorem:
  for a composite number n, (n-1)! = 0 mod n, except for n = 4
  (for n = 4 you get 2)
==> (n-1)! + 1 != 0 mod n
For a proof, see "Number Theory and its History" page 261.
Hm. hope nobody is getting confused between the factorial notation and
C language "not equals" operator.
More extensive bibliographic information is available (authors,
publishers, etc.) if you want.

@_date: 1994-04-13 07:33:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: response to tmp 
tmp offers some thoughts on a "position" paper by Hal Finney:
I don't think Hal is implying all the new people that acquire net
access will harass and cause trouble.
But see, you are taking things to extremes.  Anonimity has its
purposes; in some situtations it is valuable, in others it isn't.
I should be able to be anonymous if I so desire.
1. Do you want a real life where identity is permanent and accessible
to everybody?  Where you carry an assortment of cards totally indexing
your life and all activities, so in case you meet new people they can
quickly be brought up on the sum total of your existence?
2. Identity is instrinsic.  How true; by the way, what is yours?  I
find it incongruous for you to be railing against anonymity and
privacy when you yourself hide behind them.
3. Anonymous remailers are just PARTS of a solution; the rest involves
digital signatures and reputation systems.  I say anonymity is
valuable, and to this end, anonymous remailers are valuable.
Part of the reason I am loathe to get involved in a detailed
discussion with you is that I suspect you are like David Sternlight or
Larry Detweiler
** of course, not that I am implying you are either of these people
but I have found in the past the both have a tendency to ignore
various questions they find "inconvenient"
for example, I once cited several instances of real life cases of
pseudonymous activity (whatever Mr. Detweiler called them) and another
that demonstrates the value of anonymity.  Mr. Detweiler swept these
under the rug and by and large ignored them! Of course, since I am not implying you are Mr. Detweiler, after all,
he is of a philosophical camp in which anonymity and identity hiding
is bad.  He certainly wouldn't rejoin this list under a name any other
that his real one.
Thus I conclude you aren't familiar with my previous examples.
I think you are confusing censorship with association.  Just because I
no longer wish to read Mr. Detweiler's rants and raves, and report
activity such as various threats to his sysadmin, doesn't mean
You need to get off your extreme analogies.  For certain interactions,
dividing the world into "trusted" and "non trusted" partitions is
necessary; for others, it isn't.  I don't see the cypherpunks vision
as dividing everything into the extreme case.
Hah, you should examine some of your opinions, I find them just as
extreme in the other direction.  Always citing the worst case
scenario, the extreme position, etc.
I agree with this summary, these are concerns all of us have (privacy,
The point of anonymity is to allow you to express these "unpopular"
views without fear of reprisal.

@_date: 1994-04-15 09:53:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dolphin Encryption Tutorial 
I just received this encryption "tutorial", which is really a thinly
disguised sales pitch for Dolphin Encryption software.  The sales
pitch seems aimed toward less knowledgable users of PGP.
What PGP is built on (IDEA, MD5, RSA) are all available
for public inspection.  Same for RIPEM.  Available for free.
Are you somehow implying the Dolphin Encrypt withstands critical
examination?  Be real.
??  PGP uses MD5 to hash the passphrase to create a session key.  It
uses the session key to encrypt data, and uses RSA to encrypt the
session key.  It does not perform full blown RSA encryption on the
What follows is a wondrous statistical analysis designed to frighten.
A "weak" system is used to encrypt 2048 bytes, showing statiscal
skewing.  Fortunately, Dolphin Encrypt produces a flat distrubution when
encrypting a 60201 byte file.
Dolphin encrypt versus a 60201 byte file is superior to another system
versus a 2048 file.  Thank god.  I just wonder what kind of data these
two files are: 2048 bytes of ascii text versus 60201 bytes of a jpeg,
zip archive, random noise?
The comparison, fairly useless as it is, is even more useless without
this further information.

@_date: 1994-04-18 12:24:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dolphin Encrypt 
Is what you are saying, Mr. Davidson, that "Prof. Cipher Deavours" is
sufficient critical examination?
This argument boils down to "well, we had this one group look and it
and they couldn't break it, therefore, it is secure."
This is not Eric Hughes.
What did I misunderstand about the statistical test?  I read about a
weak system versus a 2000 byte file, and Dolphin Encrypt versus a
60000 byte file.  No description of what the files were was evident.
If the authors have such high cryptographic skills, then perhaps they
can show the results of differential cryptanalysis (or linear
cryptanalysis, etc.) on Dolphin Encrypt, rather than some completely
bogus statistical test like the one displayed.
