
@_date: 2006-04-22 02:08:46
@_author: Ethan Ackerman 
@_subject: [IP] more on CIA /renditions - EU member formally admits 
to it
Greetings Dave,  (as always - for editing/posting if you see fit)
Victor Marks' email brought up interesting news about the European
Parliament investigation into US/EU 'rendition' cooperation,
especially in light of some of the other rather explosive testimony &
findings heard last week.  It turns out that at least one EU member
state has FORMALLY (though not yet publicly) admitted to illegally
turning suspects over to the CIA for rendition.  The Council of
Europe's rendition investigation, one of two currently running in
parallel, has formally determined renditions did occur.
The Council of Europe's Secretary General Terry Davis' statement
Tuesday perhaps says it best: " I am now in position to say that we no
longer need to speak about 'alleged' cases of rendition. ... we have
received official acknowledgment..." from at least one member country.
or (the major German paper) Deutsche Welle
Mr Marks' email discusses the parallel European Parliment (EP)
investigation - the one more covered in the US media. The ongoing EP
committee holding hearings on EU cooperation with CIA rendition
flights has heard a LOT of testimony.  On Thursday they heard from,
among others, Gijs de Vries, the EC anti-terrorism coordinator.  It
should be noted that Mr. de Vries' position is 'non-operational,' - he
does not interact with the secret services of individual states.  A
good US analogy would be a politically-appointed head of an advisory
His carefully worded testimony has been almost the only testimony to
dispute US-EU cooperation in such a program. Specifically, he
testified "It [cooperation] does not appear to be proven beyond
reasonable doubt."  This carefully chose wording refers to proof of a
level high enough to win a criminal conviction.  News articles
covering his testimony are pointing out his unwillingness to deny
cooperation, and his insisting instead that it 'can't be proven' to a
standard sufficient for criminal conviction.
The testimony preceding Mr. deVries may be much more enlightening.
Ex-UK ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray testified that western
secret services, including the US, UK and Germany, were using
intelligence obtained under torture from renditioned detainees in
Uzbekistan. Mr. Murray testified he had reviewed the classified and
official US and UK policy papers deciding that, while the US and UK
would not torture, intelligence gathered by 3rd party torturers,
including Uzbekistan, would be used. "I say this with great pain but
with absolute certainty," the ex-ambassador stated.
Excellent summary and links at the (excellent for legal news) UPitt.
Law news website JURIST:
for more MSM coverage (here and in the EU):
 or
   or
    or
Meanwhile, it turns out the UK government has also admitted _in
writing_ to cooperating with US seizures and renditions, though not
necessarily in the EU.  The UK did an about face, admitted to passing
false info to the US that led to a CIA seizure and rendition of 2 UK
nationals in Gambia.  It turns out that the UK now wants them back -
one was apparently a MI5 informer.
    and
I wholly agree with Mr. Marks on the last (and possibly most
important) point: Final EU Parliament findings will (hopefully) be
released in June.
-Ethan Ackerman
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-13 03:35:59
@_author: Ethan Ackerman 
@_subject: California Supreme court prohibits recording Californians 
without their consent - regardless of where you are.
Greetings Dave,
Many people, especially reporters, are familiar with state laws
prohibiting phone conversations from being recorded without the
consent of one or both parties to the call.  Some states, and federal
law, require only 1 party to consent, other states require both or all
parties to consent.  California is one such 'all-party' consent state.
(Think Linda Tripp recording Monica Lewinsky talking about her boss,
or the floridian couple recording Newt Gingrich coordinating his
ethics probe with John Boehner, as past examples of this distinction.)
Well today, the California Supreme Court found that Georgia-based
employees of the Solomon Smith Barney brokerage who were taping
California customers with out notice or consent violated California
laws, even if they might have been complying with Georgia's '1 party'
consernt laws.
While the court refused to fine the brokers, finding their reliance on
Georgia law reasonable, it did enjoin them from taping Californians in
the future.
Case is here:
This decision will likely have a large impact on investigative
reporting, and has definite impacts on other areas of privacy and
consumer protection law as well.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-06-18 04:44:14
@_author: Ethan Ackerman 
@_subject: Yet another Court of Appeals upholds 4th Amendment rights in   
Greetings Dave,
Today a very significant opinion was decided by the 6th Circuit
(Warshak v. US,
 ) upholding
4th Amendment protections for emails.  The 6th Circuit ruled, agreeing
with an amicus brief filed by EFF, that "A [government] seizure of
e-mails from an ISP, without either a warrant supported by probable
cause, notice to the account holder to render the intrusion the
functional equivalent of a subpoena, or a showing that the user
maintained no expectation of privacy in the e-mail, amounts to" a 4th
amendment violation.  This case is doubly important because the
government primarily argued that the 4th Amendment shouldn't matter,
as it complied with most (but not all) of the relevant administrative
subpoena statute, with its lesser standards of proof.
Details: US statutes offer some privacy for emails, based on
distinctions like 'sent' vs. 'in transit' vs. 'stored' vs. 'read or
unread.'  These categories, their standards of proof and the
protections they offer, are hotly debated themselves - see a past
debate on IP between the current Administration's Stewart Baker and
professor Petwer Swire -
 Because the US has several statutes (the Wiretap Act, ECPA, etc.) that
protect some emails and computer uses, most cases never have to
address the 4th Amendment issue.  The case can be decided just based
on whether the statute was followed.  A recent case, Councilman, may
be familiar to readers as an example of a case that involved the
intricacies of these statutes.   But the issue has always been lurking
as to whether or not there is additional 4th Amendment protection
above and beyond the statutes - especially as amendments (like the
Patriot Act) have pared back the protections or standards in these
statutes.  The
court today signaled there clearly is independent 4th Amendment
protection, and ruled that some portions of ECPA were constitutionally
Coverage on legal blogs has just started, I suspect there's more  coming -
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-05-08 02:02:32
@_author: Ethan Ackerman 
@_subject: [IP] Verizon says phone record disclosure is protected   
free speech
Greetings Dave,
If I understand correctly, Verizon is now arguing in the NSA spying
cases that turning over records to an arm of the government is
protected 1st Amendment speech, even if the process of turning them
over was of questionable legality.
Maybe they want to run that by their co-defendants AT&T first, because
AT&T has argued just the opposite...
A little over a year ago, AT&T employee Mark Klein turned over
proprietary records to the US District Court (an arm of the
government) hearing the NSA spying cases brought by EFF.  AT&T
strongly objected, asserting trade secret claims and that the process
of turning them over was of questionable legality.
Maybe AT&T's proposed solution in its case should apply here as well:
"The Confidential Documents were taken outside of the discovery
[[[FISA]]] process. They contain confidential and proprietary AT&T
[[[US citzen caller's]]] information. AT&T therefore has filed the
Confidential Motion requesting that the Court order plaintiffs
[[[NSA]]] to return the documents and make no further use of them
unless and until they are obtained by proper [[[FISA-compliant]]]
from    bracketed comments mine, obviously.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
