
@_date: 2013-01-14 16:23:50
@_author: Edward Bender 
@_subject: [HSF] Freedom of speech takes a back seat to Title 17 of the US 
The next paragraphs might be blasphemy.
Let me say first that I don9t buy into that whole 3you didn9t build that2
Obama-type rhetoric.  I think that was really a Freudian-slip on his part,
allowing the listener into the workings of his thoughts and attitudes.  I
think that what is paid for is a settled account, and that we can not
ascribe future debt to individuals or businesses as an excuse for levying
taxes (redistributing wealth).
Having said that, let me state that my thesis is that, through direct and
indirect means, state sponsored research is made possible by all of us.  It
is the fuel that allows the ideas and theories of authors to travel into the
light of day.  It is proximate support.  That support allows the geniuses
among us (many on this forum) to 3push the human race forward.2
Please examine the life cycle of a scholarly paper.  It starts with an idea.
It is supported by the hierarchy of the academic department, funds are
found, experiments performed or data collected.  It is written and
re-written, and submitted to a journal for publication.  How much do you pay
to the publisher for the right of publication?  It is reviewed by a panel of
3experts2 and given thumbs up or thumbs down with the potential for
acceptance after revision.  Those interested in the subject read the paper,
perhaps comment on it, perhaps being inspired to do their own experiments or
collect their own data.
What role does a publisher play?  They certainly collect the money.  I did a
pro forma for a presentation I wanted to but never gave to a company in
Silicon Valley, looking at how much Elsevier made annually on the Annals of
Thoracic Surgery.  It was impossible to say exactly, but I think it is
somewhere between $825,000 and $3.2 million, depending on the number and
type of subscriptions and advertising.
So here is where I blaspheme.  Why do we need publishers? Why can9t we as
experts self-publish our journals?  What added value does a publishing house
provide to science and medicine?  They hold knowledge hostage.  They silo
and segment knowledge making it more cumbersome to access.  They suck up
huge sums of money.  Is there still a Journal of Mechanical Circulatory
Support?  If not, why.  If so, then why aren9t I seeing its articles?  What
are/were the pressures that caused success or failure?  Were you given equal
footing with other publications? Was it a victim of the impact factor?
I propose that we do to scholarly journals what Steve Jobs did to music
publishers: make an iTunes-like store.  Articles are songs, journals are
CD9s, and publishers become much less important and influential - yet they
still live.  There are no more paper journals, only files.  And, breaking
free of paper, we can routinely add rich media to our articles to enhance
clarity and understanding.  No more extra payment to Lippincott for a color
photo in the article.  The cost of digital storage is so cheap, that a
year9s worth of a journal9s content would cost less than $1 per month.  If
you subscribe then you get full text access.  If you don9t, then you buy an
article for $1.00.  Sometimes even a heart surgeon needs an article from the
Annals of Internal Medicine, and, believe it or not, many doctors do not
have access to an 3institutional2 subscription.  There is a lot of
healthcare provided in towns with populations < 50,000 people and not in a
university.  The new 3apps2 put forth by publishing houses are attempts to squelch
evolution, not enhance it.  It is a middle aged parent trying to be 3hip2
but it just doesn9t fly.  It is your father9s internet, and it is the same
old crap.
In case your wondering, I have the infrastructure all worked out.  You will
love it more than getting a fresh new JTCVS in the mail every month.
Ed Bender, MD
OpenHeart-L mailing list
Send postings to:
 OpenHeart-L at lists.hsforum.com
To UNSUBSCRIBE, to CHANGE email address, or to view archives:
All messages transmitted by the OpenHeart-L are subject to the policies and
disclaimers posted at:
