
@_date: 2013-02-26 09:24:48
@_author: Edwin Chu 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Looking for collaborators for free-range 
I would argue that voting backed by re-countable physical paper is
more reliable than pure electronic voting in an official election.
However, I think that an electronic voting is still very useful under
some specific situations.
In Hong Kong, the Chief Execute are not elected by citizen through
universal suffrage. The CE is instead chosen by a Election Committee
consist of about a thousand of persons mainly appointed. The demands
for an universal suffrage is clear, but the progress is hindered by
the CCP of mainland China and the vested interests. On the 2012 CE
election day, some people from the University of Hong Kong set up a
mock poll, dubbed "civic referendum", to allow the citizen to express
their views on the CE election. The mock is funded by public
The mock poll provided 15 physical polling stations, and online voting
via its website and smartphone. However, shortly after the mock poll
began, the online voting server were overwhelmed by huge amount of
requests from attackers and legitimate voters. It completely brought
down the online voting. Many people went to the physical stations,
which may be far away from their home, to cast their vote. Despite the
difficulties, a total of 222,990 votes are still casted in the
physical stations and online voting combined.
The goal of this "civic referendum" is never to officially elect the
governor. By providing an unofficial election result which has higher
creditability and legitimacy than the official result from the
Election Committee, we hope to discredit the elected CE and the
Election Committee, demonstrating the demand for a truth universal
suffrage, and to push the democratic development forward.
Because the mock poll is funded by the community, we have no way to
set up enough physical voting stations and voter registry comparable
to the election organized by the government. Indeed, it is difficult
to prevent double voting in such "poor man's election". Some
supporters of the CCP criticized the mock poll for lack of
creditability with these reasons.
Due to the lack of resource, internet voting might be one of the only
means to allow most Hong Kong citizen to participate in a mock poll.
What we need is a deployable solution to allow people to vote
anonymously, either online or offline, at the same time provides
enough creditability and verifiability. A perfect solution is not
necessary because the goal isn't to replace the official paper votes.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at
