
@_date: 1993-08-13 17:48:48
@_author: Edward Elhauge 
@_subject: On The Inherent Evil of Electronic Democracy 
An alternative to courts would be the using the concept of free association so
that if a decision you couldn't agree with was made in a group you
participated in, you could withdraw from the group and join another whose
decisions were more to your liking. Certainly there would be some actions like
dumping toxic wastes that are of society wide concern, but many other
questions such as how much money to spend (taxes) on roads and infrastructure
could be handled on a group commitment basis. Computers could be used to
implement the voting and keep track of accounting procedures that would
otherwise be impractical. Such as, how many people voted (bought shares in) the
space shuttle project and the corresponding benefits; access to the
information, status reports, etc.
I agree totally about the elitist assumptions of representative democracy. I
would prefer a combination of direct voting and an issue by issue proxy
system. For instance I have no problem giving Barbara Boxer my proxy on
health care, but am totally unwilling to give her my proxy on gun control.
This proxy system would also eliminate the winner take all system that
disenfranchises minorities. For instance blacks who are 10% of the population
in a district often get no representation; then there are gerry mandered
districts where a black is guaranteed to win. But you might have a
conservative black businessman representing a district where 30% of the blacks
are more radical. The winner take all system is just a way of diluting and
ignoring non-mainstream ideas and groups.
PS. I wish the From: or Reply-To: header came from the cypherpunk list. I had
meant to reply to this post to the group but accidently sent it to L.
Detweiler instead, only.
       Edward Elhauge -- ee at lever.com -- Lever Industries, San Francisco
"The goal of the working class is liberation from exploitation. This goal is
not reached and cannot be reached by a new directing and governing class
substituting itself for the bourgeoisie. It is only realized by the workers
themselves being master over production." -- Anton Pannekoek

@_date: 1993-10-13 11:26:43
@_author: Edward Elhauge 
@_subject: pornography & the ``cypherpunk cause'' 
A counter-example might be:
there is a REBUTABLE PRESUMPTION (embedded in statutory law) that my life is
in danger and that deadly force is justified. Consequently, my response to the
situation is ruled justifiable homicide.
of mine shouts out "I don't think he's armed." Consequently, the police find
that the man is either not armed or had a water pistol. I might do 5-10 for
manslaughter or 2nd degree murder.
Your example doesn't involve a law that requires knowledge or a state of mind
to be guilty. Laws about the transport of illegal information do!
  Edward Elhauge  |  "The only thing worse than being talked about
 Lever Industries |   is not being talked about."
   San Francisco  |              -- Oscar Wilde
   ee at lever.com   |

@_date: 1993-10-14 18:07:03
@_author: Edward Elhauge 
@_subject: pornography & the ``cypherpunk cause'' 
No the door breaking down is good enough.  The legislature explicitly said
that that was good enough regardless of what common law might say. The
phrasing refers to a "tumultuous" entry, so breaking through a window or wall
would count too. This does not apply if a family member is involved. Back to
the relevance to knowledge of illegal info; the presumption is REBUTABLE. For
instance if the person was searched before entering the property and it can be
proven that you knew that they were unarmed you would be guilty of some level
of murder.
A less jarring example might be the protection couriers such as UPS have. If
in the normal course of business they can't know what they are handling they
are not responsible for the contents.
Both these protections and the email protection revolve around letting people
carry on business in a routine way, without being second guessed latter.
Society needs common carrier like transport of mail and objects and it isn't
feasible to check each package so a cut and dried protection is extended.
Society realizes that most of the time a person breaking down a door is a
danger and that there is no time for the defender to research the situation if
they are going to protect their lives. Occasionally the rule of thumb turns
out wrong (what if my neighbor breaks down my door because they see a fire in
my house that I am not aware of). That is why we need these protections.
Exactly right. We are assumed to be knowledgeable of the law no matter how
unreasonable it is. [It is physically impossible for one person to keep up
with all law]. In certain cases ignorance of facts or actions is a protection
I would rather not have seen the EFF warning and I never looked for those
files; it isn't my responsibility.
       Edward Elhauge -- ee at lever.com -- Lever Industries, San Francisco
"At every stage of history our concern must be to dismantle those forms of
authority and oppression that survive from an era when they might haave been
justified in terms of the need for security or survival or economic
development, but that now contribute to -- rather than alleviate -- material
and cultural deficit." -- Noam Chomsky

@_date: 1993-10-18 15:12:29
@_author: Edward Elhauge 
@_subject: ANON: _The Economist_ on South Korea 
My first reaction to this post was, "Are we supposed to feel sorry for these
people?" But then I realized that the real problem was giving other people
enough power over you that you depend on them to be honest.
  Edward Elhauge  |  "The only thing worse than being talked about
 Lever Industries |   is not being talked about."
   San Francisco  |              -- Oscar Wilde
   ee at lever.com   |
