
@_date: 1997-07-30 04:47:00
@_author: EFF 
@_subject: Libertarians for whom Jim Bell tolls... 
From: XXXXXXXX      To: YYYYYYYY
Nancy Lord has had a lot of success in cases like this, and was
in helping Bell's public defender file briefs challenging a lot of the
charges and behavior, on First Amendment grounds. She tells me the
defender never even returned her calls.
More or less. The big fuss, and the reason for holding without bail, was
supposedly that his web postings constituted evidence he was planning to
assassinate IRS agents. Yet, curiously,  he was never charged with
like "conspiracy to solicit murder." Instead, people go to jail for
for the equivalent of pouring skunk urine on someone's welcome mat, and
"using false SS numbers."
Funny, I thought the folks who gave us SS numbers swore they'd always be
confidential between us and our SS retirement fund manager, and would
"never be used as a national ID number." Since I'm sure the SocSec
Administration would never confirm or deny for the IRS Mr. Bell's REAL
number, I wonder who they knew which ones were bogus?
Are we to believe SocSec has never made a mistake, and issued one person
two numbers?
Anyway, was Mr. Bell accused of using the bogus numbers to fraudulently
extort wrongful benefits from the SocSec Administration? Apparently not.
So. since money will be withheld from your paycheck no matter WHAT SS
number you file, the only possible "fraud" can have been to work
jobs under different numbers -- with no chance of ever collecting any
"benefits" from the "bogus" accounts. An odd kind of "fraud," that pays
money to the government with no hope of ever getting any back.
Hi --
It would probably be considered (by overzealous pro-government
a violation of some bogus new enactment if I proposed that it would be a
good idea for someone to widely and publicly post the names and home
addresses of every employee of the IRS ... and possible the FBI, DEA,
ATF, to boot (after all, those people have no problem accessing the
intimate details of OUR personal lives, on a moment's notice. We all
in more or less constant fear of THEIR midnight knock on the door.) So I
won't suggest that.  I don't suggest that. I hope no one ever does that.
And if anyone ever does, I CERTAINLY hope such lists are not widely
downloaded and disseminated.

@_date: 1997-11-12 08:34:10
@_author: EFF 
@_subject: Some IDIOT called CRYPTO CZAR INTERNATIONAL 
Nope. The EFF are just helpless victims of this rude asshole.
Please send the $50.00 you were planning to give to Nonookie
for his Musky source code to the EFF instead, so that we can get drunk
and heal our fragile egos.

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:52:13
@_author: Electronic Forgery Foundation 
@_subject: [Fwd: [cpe:4980] Factoring a 2048 bit key] 
Mr. Hettinga,
  The Electronic Forgery Foundation's legal counsel informs us that,
as hypocrites, we have a right to sue you for elevation of character
for forging posts in our name (even if we did it ourselves when we
were drunk and later forgot about it).
  If our legal counsel confirms this opinion once she sobers up, you
can expect to hear from us upon her graduation from law school. (She
is currently in Grade Six, so there is no rush for you to consult your
own attorney on this matter.)
Jess Fission
Robert Hettinga Alternate Persona Appointee,
Electronic Forgery Foundation
Delivered-To: mailing list cypherpunks-e at htp.org
Mailing-List: contact cypherpunks-e-help at htp.org; run by ezmlm
Organization: "Electronic Forgery Foundation"
Reply-To: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
Reply-To: eff at dev.null
Sender: cypherpunks-e-owner at htp.org
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
I factored it and got:
Go figure...

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:30:53
@_author: EFF 
@_subject: [Fwd: Fwd: Engineers]Fwd: Engineers 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 1297
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-11 08:58:16
@_author: EFF 
@_subject: Arachelian wins Nobel Peace Prize 
[EFF-Bienfait, Saskatchewan]
September 11, 1997
  RAY ARACHELIAN, a member of the soon-to-be-outlawed CypherPunks crypto-military organization was presented with a forged Nobel Peace Prize early this morning in recognition of providing proof for his long held Kaos=Keraunos=Kybernetos theorem.
  In response to a question by Russian double-secret agent Igor Chudov, who asked, "How do you generate 'chaos'?," Arachelian responded:
"If you're the FBI, you simply say you're gonna push laws to ban all non-escrowed crypto, and that causes imemdiate chaos on the cypherpunks lists. You then get a bunch of SHA1 digests of the messages and you've got plenty of random numbers. :-)"
  EFF decided to award Arachelian a forged Nobel Peace Prize, not for the originality of his idea, but for the fact that he had the audacity to steal the idea from fellow CypherPunk, Tim C. May, who would have suggested it in the 1989 CypherPunks archives, if the legendary mailing list had been operational at that time.
  The award was presented by a rather disheveled looking fellow who couldn't remember his name, but who told Arachelian, "I'm a very important man." before pausing to pick something out of his teeth, and continuing, with two raised fingers, "Peace."
  Asked for comment, Arachelian stated "I thought he'd never leave. Did you get a load of his _breath_? Whooeee!"

@_date: 1997-09-12 11:41:11
@_author: EFF 
@_subject: Government promotes strong crypto!!! 
[Electronic Forgery Foundation]
[Washington, DC]
  In a startling turn of events, the U.S. government has come out in
support of the use of strong encryption.
  In order to give incentives to criminals to use strong encryption,
the government has announced that the penalty for using weak encryption
in the commission of a crime will be an extra five years in prison.
Lying Nazi Fuck Freeh stated, "Theoretically, the law applies to those
criminals who use strong encryption, as well, but in practice, we will
not be able to prosecute, because if we can't break it, then we have
no way to prove it is being used for criminal purposes."
Dog-faced Child Murderer Reno stated that the high level of publicity
given to the effective use of encryption in crime has served the
government's aim of making certain that the vast majority of criminals
will recognize the value of using encryption to hide evidence.
Lying Nazi Slut Dying FineSwine stated that she opposed the use of
strong encryption by child pornographers because she and the vice
police had grown so accustomed to high-quality computer graphics of
child pornography, that they just couldn't get off on photographs any
Marked for deletion SwineSwine said that she would like to comment more
on child pornography, but talking about it made her hot, and she then
rushed of to the ladies room.

@_date: 1997-09-20 08:16:50
@_author: EFF 
@_subject: Bill Gates gives 1 Billion to EFF! 
[EFF - Bienfait, Saskatchewan] News Release:
         Gates Gives Gargantuan Gift to Gullability Grifters!
         ----------------------------------------------------
 In a suprise announcement this afternoon, Bill Gates announced that he
would be donating a billion dollars over the next ten years to the
Electronic Forgery Foundation, for use in promoting CypherPunks Action
 Gates emphasized that this plan had been in preparation for quite some
time, and was not a response to the publicity-seeking Ted Turner's
challenge to the rich and notorious. He also pointed out that he, unlike
Turner, had nothing but the most self-serving of intentions.
 "I have asked that none of the money go directly to the projects, but
only toward the administration of the CypherPunks Action Projects." he
stated. "I expect that the CAP's will become rather top-heavy and, being
overseen by the Electronic Forgery Foundation, will be able to compete with the sheer volume of lies that the government uses to suppress free
speech and liberty in the U.S.
  Chief CypherPunks Spokesperson, TruthMonger, thanked Gates profusely for the gift, babbling and drooling at times, while accepting the first
check and handing Gates an envelope about the size needed to contain
photographic negatives. Gates immediately burned the envelope.
  TruthMonger stated that he had met with the EFF Board of Directors,
including ? the Lunatic, Toto, The Real Guy, and A Player To Be Named
Later, and that all of them had been anonymous in agreeing that the
first order of business would be to purchase a liquor store from which
to run the CypherPunks Action Projects.
  TruthMonger then put on an aluminum foil hat and, addressing the
crowd as ? the Lunatic, said, "We will naturally be replacing the
staff of the liquor stores with people more in tune with the goals of
the CypherPunks.", adding that he had already put out some 'feelers'
at local tit-bars in this regard.
  Bill Gates explained that a top-heavy disorganization, such as he
envisioned with the EFF running the CAPs, would stand a good chance
of becoming a self-feeding monster which could promote strong crypto
at the same time as bending the multitudes to do his bidding as the
year 2000 elections approached.
  When asked by a reporter if he was the Anti-Christ, Gates grinned
and replied, "I could tell you...but then I'd have to burn you in
Hell, forever."
  Reporters were quick to ask the EFF directors how they planned to
protect their forseen rise in power and influence from being sabotaged
by veteran CypherPunks who might use strong encryption to thwart the
attempts of Big Money to harness their reputation capital to promote
their own agenda.
  Taking off the aluminum hat and whipping out his dick, The Real Guy
stated, "Well, of course we will have to forbid use of non-GAK'ed cryto by EFF employees, in the interests of Foundation Security. Or,
alternatively, we may limit the use of encryption by our employees to
8-bit crypto products." Smiling sheepishly, he added, "We're not real
good at math."
  At this point, shots rang out from the window of a nearby building,
as well as from a grassy knoll and several other places, dropping many
of those gathered at the press conference like flies.
  As Gates and TruthMonger made their getaway in an armored limousene,
several CypherPunks were heard arguing on the grassy knoll as to whether
it had been a mistake to shoot the lawyers first.
  A later memo to the press from MicroSoft indicated that the official
announcement of the donation would be released in an upcoming chapter
of "InfoWar (Part III of the True Story of the InterNet), written by
Bill Gates, himself.
  When asked about the possibility of Gates having presented the EFF with a forged check, sources at MicroSoft merely giggled.
