
@_date: 1995-11-11 05:30:33
@_author: eli@GS160.SP.CS.CMU.EDU 
@_subject: Lotus Notes RSA Implementation Question 
In article <+cmu.andrew.internet.cypherpunks+kkcsTXG00UfAE0ynIq at andrew.cmu.edu>
512-bit RSA is exportable?  I'm surprised.  It would be interesting
to CJR a known-secure binary for 512-bit RSA, attempting a little
differential cryptanalysis on the NSA's practices.  A fair test would
require that you have the political clout of Lotus/IBM, though.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+ at cs.cmu.edu

@_date: 1997-10-16 02:24:31
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: FCPUNX:PGP Key Escrow and Congress 
Non-technical point: the NSA (reportedly) has no intention of using
GAK for classified information.  They know that it weakens security.
Do the privacy of the nation's data and the security of its
information infrastructure deserve the same consideration as the
Pentagon's "Confidential" memos?  When you're planning to build in a
single point of failure, this is a question you have to ask.

@_date: 1997-10-17 06:37:51
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: FCPUNX:proposal: commercial data recovery 
The value of this security model escapes me -- if the receiver's
machine is insecure, you lose, period.  Please, let us assume that
neither endpoint is controlled by an attacker.
You are concerned that the recipient is re-encrypting with a key whose
access characteristics are unknown to the sender.  Now, for all the
sender really knows, the recipient may be storing the message in the
clear, or maybe putting it on a Times Square billboard.
This is not a cryptographic failure.  In your CMR system as well, the
sender has no choice but to trust the recipient's integrity and data
hygeine -- or to not send the message.  The headers could contain a
request as to the eventual disposition of the message, but there are
never any guarantees.
Forget bus-struck colleagues, think unreliable messaging -- if you do
this and your e-mail is lost in transit, your "critical data" is lost.
So don't do this.
I'm not seeing how transit time figures in here.  Are you proposing to
bypass it by sending in an emergency team to acquire the in-transit
message from the AOL machine room?  If you find this practical, you can
even retrieve an un-CMRed message by putting the recipient on this
emergency team.  But as I said, this situation should never be allowed
to arise.
Data recovery means you can get the data.  It doesn't specify which copy
you get decrypt.  For reliable transmission over an unreliable medium,
the sender must not destroy the original until receipt has been
confirmed; for stored-data recovery, "receipt" involves appropriate
re-encryption.  (A reliable medium simply involves shoving all of this
down into the messaging protocol.)  So reliable transmission can support
data recovery, from one end or the other, without message recovery.
You might ask what happens if both endpoints are struck by meteorites.
If the data is critically important, it will have been replicated off
the sender's disk.  The bottom line is that no such data can be trusted
solely to an AOL mailserver (of all things).
I'm no protocol designer, but I'd have more respect for this system if
explanations for its necessity seemed to have been fully thought through.
The issue of communications keys versus storage keys has been discussed
before; I don't believe I'm raising any novel issues.  Did PGP Inc.
consider and reject stored-data recovery (if so, what were the good
reasons?), or are we seeing a retroactive explanation here?

@_date: 1997-10-28 04:20:29
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: FCPUNX:puff pieces vs tough crypto issues (Re: Singapore TOILET 
Key detail lost: what the white paper says is that we don't know how
to do it *right*.

@_date: 1998-01-24 00:56:23
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: FCPUNX:Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
"The Internet Junkbuster Proxy(TM) gets rid of stuff you don't want
 while surfing the Web, such as banner ads and cookies. It's free."
