
@_date: 1996-05-23 17:54:35
@_author: Michael Elkins 
@_subject: PGP MIME INTERNET DRAFT considered harmful. 
However, this method does not allow for any verification of the content-type
headers for that part.
Your last two comments really illustrate the divison that we've previously
seen on the pgp-mime list.  On the one side you have those who want to
include the MIME headers in the digital signature, and on the other are those
who want the signature to be over the data in it's "binary" (unencoded)
form.  I _do_ see merit in the latter.  However, that was not the goal of
my draft.  What I've been trying to get across is that my draft does not
preclude you from writing your own draft on how to transmit detached
signatures along with your message (perhaps something like
When this occurs, I will glady remove that restriction.
Complex migration path?  How so?  Implementations that accept both
7-bit and 8-bit PGP messages but only generate 7-bit messages will
not suffer in the least if one day we decide it's ok to generate 8-bit
signed messages.  They will still accept either.  Newer versions of
the software can make use of the 8-bit path and it will interoperate
perfectly with older versions.
This argument, which while true, doesn't make your approach any safer.  Any
software used is a proxy, and no matter how brilliant or naive the user
is, it's still a proxy.  There is some amount of trust that the software
is doing the "right thing."  It doesn't matter if I'm signing a PGP/MIME
message in my e-mail client or running PGP to encrypt a .gif or .jpg.
No, we haven't stopped listening.  We've just heard these arguments arguments
over and over again for the past six months and nobody from that camp has
proposed an alternative.  Again, I do not believe the two methods are
mutually exclusive.  PGP/MIME is not meant do what I term "object security,"
it's meant for "transport security."
I think perhaps it's not so much PGP/MIME that you don't like, but the
whole multipart/security architecture in general.
