
@_date: 1995-07-21 05:48:05
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Netscape the Big Win 
We may bypass them altogether (see below).
I still maintain that an approach based on SOCKS would be more flexible, adaptable to any TCP-based application. Here's what I'm thinking about:
1. Windows apps: a general purpose socksifier, intercepting Winsock API
calls by *unmodified* applications and opening a single TCP connection to the port 1080 of a sockd server. The good news is: some good folks at NEC are already working at this project, and are looking for beta-testers.
2. A "SOCKS en/decrypting relay": a sockd server that, on a per-site/per-port basis depending on a configuration file, may either  a) open TCP connections on behalf of its clients;  b) relay a plain SOCKS connection to a remote peer;
 c) open a SSL connection to a remote peer on, say, a port 1180 reserved
    for "SSL-ized SOCKS" connections)
Of course, that beast should also listen at the ports 1080 and 1180 and take the same actions a) b) or c) as appropriate.
The SOCKS en/decrypting relay could be written both as MS-Windows DLL and as UNIX daemon. The chain would be:
- From a Windows client machine:
 Standard app -> Socksifier DLL by NEC -> encrypting relay ----->   ---> Internet -----> decrypting relay -> server
- From a Unix client machine:
 Socksified (recompiled) app -> encrypting relay ------>
  ---> Internet -----> decrypting relay -> server
I'm assuming here that the encrypting relay should live close to machine
(the same, or, at least on the same network) as the client app, and the
decrypting relay close to the server. A single daemon could do both jobs, allowing chaining "a` la remailer", but I'm using here two different names for sake of clarity. Besides, the Windows version probably wouldn't need decrypting ability.
Great advantage over Netscape: we could use EAY's free SSL implementation,
and all the server administrators could generate and sign their own
certificates. The present trouble with Netscape is that NS-Navigator
refuses to accept certificates not signed as "Netscape compatible". Our
en/decrypting relay could be more forgiving :-) As the SSL stuff built in
Netscape would be unused, we could also improve the protocol (plugging
security holes) ignoring compatibility issues. The administrators of
secure servers should just advise the users to configure their local
encrypting relays to pass through their decrypting relay (that would boil
down to a line added to the encrypting relay configuration). It would all be beautifully modular, relatively simple to code (as someone
else has done, or is doing, most of the hard work) and independent from
big-brother certifying authorities.

@_date: 1995-07-22 04:47:59
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Netscape the Big Win 
I can only quote the original posting to the SOCKS mailing list - I answered their call for beta-testers, but I haven't heard back from them, yet:
------------------ 8< ---------------------------------------
I'm afraid we'll have to live with async socket calls for a while...
Well, a config file would be necessary for the windows one too. For example, we could want to socksify only connections to some sites/ports, socksify+encrypt some others, and open direct TCP connections to others yet, such as servers on the same net (I presume that NEC's DLL will attempt to socksify all the connections, so we should de-sockisfy some of them intoducing sockd functionality.
Oh yes, I actually meant that it should only be able to issue, and not also
accept, "client hello" requests (as per SSL model).
RSA patents (I mean RSA, not RSADSI's) are only valid in USA. If I set up a certifying authority, say, here in Hong Kong, using EAY's code written in Australia, how could RSADSI complain? Server operators would import data created under perfectly legal conditions.
That should be investigated. Is RSAREF's licence only valid for some entry points? In any case, I suppose that SSLREF may be used with any certificate, unlike Netscape (am I wrong?).
Well, the same problem exists for illegal uses of the present remailers, but hasn't stopped their operators.

@_date: 1995-07-25 21:19:20
@_author: Enzo Michelangeli 
@_subject: Banks on the Net (Was: Re: Questions about Conferences) 
No such bank or domain: maybe you mean Security First Network Bank ( In any case,  contains a list of banks in USA, Canada and UK sporting Web pages.
