
@_date: 1995-11-24 06:12:43
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: crypto for porno users 
As I recall, the courts have sent the message to the LE community that it's entrapment if they entice someone into doing something that they normally wouldn't do.  If you're a kiddie porn dealer, and I as a LE officer entice you to sell me some pictures of that cute 8-year-old doing some geezer, then that's not entrapment.  If I, on the other hand, try to pressure you (assuming you are a law-abiding citizen) into buying such by either misrepresenting the article in question or by threatening you with dire consequences if you don't buy, etc. - in other words, forcing or enticing you to do something you normally wouldn't do - *that's* entrapment.

@_date: 1995-11-25 00:02:42
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: establishing trust 
Because I don't have a real UUCP connection at the moment.  Khijol is expected to get back on the net as khijol.org in the next few days.  Just trying to get by until then :)
Yes, but that only establishes that I was the one who wrote the post, not that I am to be trusted...
I've met a fair number of people in person that I've met over the net, and
I'm here to tell you that a lot of people I've met are totally different
in person than they are over the net.  People that I thought I could trust
gave me the willies in person, and I eventually found out that I couldn't
trust them at all.  Get burned a couple of times like that, and you learn
to suspend trust until you really meet someone in person. Just my $0.02.

@_date: 1995-10-29 13:01:14
@_author: Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin] 
@_subject: 1995-10-27 Members Named to Nat Security Telecom Committee (fwd) 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                     Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                                   October 27, 1995
     President Clinton today announced his intent to appoint the following
individuals to the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee
     Dr. Vance D. Coffman is the president of Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Previously, he was president of the Space Systems Division of Lockheed
Missiles and Space Co. and vice president of the corporation.  Dr. Coffman
was responsible for the Hubble Space Telescope, MILSTAR, Follow-on Early
Warning, and the worldwide mobile commercial cellular phone system,
Iridium.  He holds a B.S. degree in aerospace engineering from Iowa State
University, and masters and doctoral degrees in aeronautics and
astronautics from Stanford University.
     Mr. Paul E. Wright is chairman of Chrysler Technologies Corporation
(CTC), the aerospace and defense electronics arm of the Chrysler
Corporation.  He was president and chief operating officer of Fairchild
Industries prior to joining CTC.  Mr. Wright guided the company's focus
toward spacecraft, defense electronics, and selected industrial products.
Mr. Wright spent 28 years with RCA Corporation, during which time he rose
to senior vice president.  He was responsible for developing and
administrating the strategic plans for RCA.
     Van B. Honeycutt is president of Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC),
the largest independent provider of information technology consulting,
systems integration, and outsourcing to industry and government.  He began
his career with CSC in 1975, serving as a regional marketing manager for
Infonet, the company's timesharing and value-added network, which CSC sold
in 1989.  In 1983, Mr. Honeycutt became president of CSC Credit Services.
He was later promoted to corporate vice president and president of CSC's
Industry Services Group in 1987.  He led CSC's advance into the growing
outsourcing market, negotiating the industry's largest outsourcing pact, a
10 year, $3 billion agreement with General Dynamics Corporation.
     The President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory
Committee (NSTAC) provides the President with information and advice from
the industry's perspective regarding specific measures to maintain,
protect, and enhance the nation's telecommunications resources that
support national security and emergency preparedness capabilities.  The
Committee addresses telecommunications issues throughout the year and
periodically reports directly to the President, and also to the Secretary
of Defense in his capacity as the Executive Agent for the National
Communications System.
