
@_date: 1992-12-23 11:57:58
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
I would like to argue for a weaker ascii text signature function in
PGP in addition to the current one.  It would canonicalize a file by
turning all sequences of white space into a single space and trimming
leading and trailing whitespace from the file before computing the
hash.  This clearly involves some major changes to the file, allowing
many files to hash to the same value, but a human would presumably
consider all of those files to have the same information content.  The
only case that I can think of where the information content of the
message could be changed with the signature remaining valid is if
information was contained in the pattern of whitespace in the file.
This should make the signature robust to most of the changes that a
mailer could make.  I would not advocate extending this to any
non-whitespace characters.

@_date: 1992-12-23 19:01:52
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
mark at coombs.anu.edu.au resopnded:
The important part here is that the collapsing of whitespace would
only affect the message digest, not the text as seen by the user.  Two
texts which read the same, but differ in whitespace, would have the
same signature.  If you recieved both files, you could see the
difference in spacing, yet the same signature would be valid for both
files.  The main vulnerability is that a message whose meaning is
partially encoded it its whitespace (like an ascii graphic, map, or
chart) could have its meaning altered, without affecting the validity
of the signature.  Clearly one would not want to use this signature
method on such texts.  It would be a good feature for the signature
algorithm to warn the user if it detects a pattern of whitespace that
might convey information.  I am not sure how to detect this reliably,

@_date: 1992-12-28 11:19:24
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Signing ascii text 
This seems to be the correct solution to me.  If PGP did this
automatically in text signature mode, then it would be up to the
reciever to decide if spaces were significant or not, and they would
be prompted to think about this when the verbatim signature
verification failed.  If one often recieved messages with mangled
spacing, one could become desensitized to this, but there's not much
to be done about that.

@_date: 1992-12-29 14:06:03
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Self Addressed Stamped Envelopes 
and came up with an interesting idea.
The problem:  anonymous replies.
Under the current system, the solution is simple:  create an
`envelope' which implements a path back to you.  You include this
envelope with your outgoing message, and the respondant places the
envelope at the front of any messages to be sent back to you.  The
envelope is a nested encrypted set of Anon-To: lines that remailers
strip off as the message is routed back to you.
This system has at least two weaknesses for future use, however.  The
most serious is that the body of the reply is not altered by the
remailers, allowing the message to be more easily traced.  The second
is that there is no provision for remailers to charge for the service.
If postage is included in the envelope itself, it becomes a single use
device; it is useless for posting to a newsgroup, for example.
Both of these problems can be solved by having each remailer forward
the message *with*postage*due*.  What that means is that the remailer
encrypts the message before sending it on, and saves the key used in
an account file along with a message id and the amount due.  The body
is thus altered on each hop, complicating the process of tracing the
message.  You also are unable to read the message until you have paid
the postage on it, which you do by sending a message to yourself via a
similar envelope.  That message contains stamps which get removed at
each step by the remailers, and replaced with the necessary key for
reading the mail.  When you recieve the second message back, you have
the necessary info to read the first, and have paid for its delivery.
A variation would allow the respondant to include the necessary
postage (you need to specify how much, thus compromising at least the
hop count of your route).  To keep each remailer's postage seperate,
key pairs could be generated, with the public portion kept outside the
envelope, and the secret portion sealed within the envelope, openable
only by a single remailer.  The postage would be wrapped up in
successive keys as specified on the outside of the envelope.  The
envelope would then specify the keys to be used by each remailer to
transform the body.
All of this requires defining a message as containing an envelope and
a contents.  The envelope must be able to specify how the contents are
to be encrypted at each hop. Perhaps the envelope could be placed in
the header of the message as a single field.
Details still need to be worked out.  Comments?

@_date: 1993-01-05 01:01:56
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: RFC-822 header processing in perl 
I've written a perl script to parse RFC-822 style headers.  It was a
good deal harder than I had thought it would be.  Since it's over 300
lines (with comments) I won't post it, but will mail it to anyone who
wants to play with it.  It has the following features:
Doesn't touch anything unless you ask it to.  Leaves the ordering and
whitespace/folding of header lines unchanged.
Allows you to replace any header line (which appears only once) with
an arbitrary value, which is appropriatly folded on output.
Allows you to delete any header line, or add a header line to the end
of the header.  These are special cases of replacing a header line.
Allows you to access the value (stuff after the :) of any header line.
Given a list of addresses, returns an array of canonicalized addresses.
The last item is the hard part.  It correctly parses the sample
addresses in the RFC-822 paper, as well as some really gnarly looking
junk that I threw at it.  It correctly handles the various types of
quoted strings, and backslash quoting, not splitting addresses at
quoted commas.  It removes nested comments from addresses.  It deletes
the group name from a list of addresses without screwing up quoted
It should be useful as a first step in alias processing.  That's what
I'll be adding next, when I figure out exactly how I want to do it.

@_date: 1993-01-13 18:07:53
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Details on return envelopes 
This is a long, complicated, and information dense message.  You've
been warned.
I've been working out details of what would be required of an
anonymous return envelope.  To make sure I've thought of everything,
I've filled in a matrix with the types of information that might need
to be passed between the various participants during the sending of a
message.  The person who created the envelope is the ultimate
recipient of the message (recv).  The envelope has somehow been
transmitted to a person (send) who wishes to send a message to recv.
The message will be transmitted via several remailers, collectively
referred to as hops.  This results in nine potential transmission
channels, several of which need not be possible for various reasons.
Clearly, the sender does not need a special channel to communicate
back to herself, and likewise the receiver does not need special
provisions to communicate to herself either.  The sender should be
unable to receive information from the various hops, as that would
compromise the path that the message takes.  The various hops already
communicate directly with their following neighbor through headers,
and we want to prohibit communication back towards the sender.  The
remaining five cases are listed below:
		from
	send	recv	hops
to	recv |	msg	-	pdue
pneed is cleartext on the outside of the envelope.  This leaves us
with the message, and three parts of the envelope: the delivery
address, postage paid, and postage due.
Note that information other than what I'm describing here could be
sent along these channels; I am simply using postage as a concrete
example of information that might need to be transmitted.
And now, let's trace a message through to its delivery.  Being stuck
with ascii, the notation is not wonderful.  Groups of letters
represent sets of similar things.  Case is significant.  Lower case
letters r and v-z are public keys.  Upper case letters preceded by &
are the machines that know the associated secret keys (from the C
address of operator).  So machine &Y can decrypt something encrypted
with public key y.  Upper case letters A-F are conventional keys.
Keys A-C are generated by the sender, keys D-F by the receiver.  The
symbols P, S, Q, $, and # are followed by lower case letters
indicating who the item is associated with.  Q and # are conventional
keys, P and S form a public key-secret key pair, and $ is a digicash
ABOUT PADDING:
K(stuff, pad) can be transformed into stuff by decrypting with key K.
Since stuff has a length associated with it inside the encryption, an
external viewer cannot tell the length of stuff.  It is also possible
to turn K(stuff) into K(stuff, pad) without knowing K.  The encryption
packet contains an external length as well as the internal length.
The external length must be adjusted to cover the added padding, which
is just a random bitstream appended to the cyphertext.  Once this
padding has been performed, it is impossible to determine the length
of stuff without decrypting with K.  In this manner, a portion of a
message can be either lengthened or shortened at every step along the
way, as long as a decryption is performed at each step.  This is the
motivation for the keys A..F in the exchange that follows.
PGP should be augmented with a function to pad a message, and should
explicitly accept padded data.  I have tested PGP2.1 on Unix and it
accepts padded data that I manually added.
OK, here we go...  The envelope provided by the receiver to the sender
looks like this:
Addr: &X, x, x(...)
Pneed: [Px, Amt_x], [Py, Amt_y], [Pz, Amt_z], [Pr, Amt_r]
Everything except the encrypted segment x(...) is considered public
knowledge.  The keys Px, etc... pose a slight problem: One of the hops
can identify which envelope a message is associated with by comparing
the postage key sealed inside the addressing info with this public
string of keys.  It's not clear how serious of an issue this is.
The sender decides to send the message through hosts &V and &W before
using the provided envelope.  She sends the following message to &V:
Addr: v(A), v(Sv, Qv, B, &W, w(B), w(Sw, Qw, C, &X, x(C), x(...)), pad)
Post: A(Pv($v, Pw($w, Px($x, Py($y, Pz($z, Pr($r)))))), pad)
Pdue: A(pad)
Message: A(M, pad)
She has created keys A-C, Pv, Sv, Pw, Sw, Qv, and Qw.  She obtains the
specified postage stamps and wraps them in the various postage keys.
The keys and addresses get wrapped in public keys for the address
field, and all of the other elements of the message are sealed with
key A.  The address field consists of two public key encrypted
segments because the sender must create key C, but cannot seal it into
the packet that the recipient has provided for host &X.  If C were
public knowledge, host &X could be monitored, and the plaintext of M
revealed to an external watcher.  As it is, M still occurs in
plaintext within each remailer, so it should be protected by the
recipient's public key (i.e. M = r(the real message) ).
&V decrypts the v() encryptions to find all of the keys necessary for
it to process the message.  The padding is removed from the address
field.  The key A unlocks the message M, allowing the stripping of the
padding, which is replaced with new padding before being encrypted
with key B.  It notes that the Pdue field is empty.  Sv allows it to
extract its postage stamp $v, and strip the padding.  The message it
sends to &W looks like this:
Addr: w(B), w(Sw, Qw, C, &X, x(C), x(...), pad)
Post: B(Pw($w, Px($x, Py($y, Pz($z, Pr($r))))), pad)
Pdue: B(pad)
Message: B(M, pad)
&W does likewise, and sends the following to &X (we have revealed the
encrypted part of the original envelope at this point):
Addr: x(C), x(Sx, Qx, D, &Y, y(D), y(Sy, Qy, E, &Z,
Post: C(Px($x, Py($y, Pz($z, Pr($r)))), pad)
Pdue: C(pad)
Message: C(M, pad)
Postage rates have gone up since the envelope was first issued, so &X,
&W, and &Z will need to use the Pdue field.  It works like this:
Addr: y(D), y(Sy, Qy, E, &Z,
Post: D(Py($y, Pz($z, Pr($r))), pad)
Pdue: D(Qx(Due_x), pad)
Message: D( pad)
&Y then sends the following to &Z:
Addr: z(E), z(Sz, Qz, F, &R, r(junk), r(junk), pad)
Post: E(Pz($z, Pr($r)), pad)
Pdue: E(Qy(Due_y, Qx(Due_x)), pad)
Message: E( pad)
&Z sends the following to &R:
Addr: r(junk), r(junk, pad)
Post: F(Pr($r), pad)
Pdue: F(Qz(Due_z, Qy(Due_y, Qx(Due_x)), pad)
Message: F( pad)
Now, &R (the receiver, who created the envelope in the first place)
knows F, Sr, Qx, Qy, Qz, and thus finds out Due_x, Due_y, Due_z,
 [the message, with postage due], and gets a stamp $r.
&R then generates a message that is designed to deliver   and
 and sends it to &X:
Addr: x(C), x(Sx, Qx, D, &Y, y(D), y(Sy, Qy, E, &Z,
Post: C(Px($x, Due_x, Py($y, Due_y, Pz($z, Due_z, Pr(junk)))), pad)
Pdue: C(pad)
Message: C(pad)
&X unwraps it and sends  along:
Addr: y(D), y(Sy, Qy, E, &Z, z(E), z(Sz, Qz, F, &R, r(junk), r(junk)), pad)
Post: D(Py($y, Due_y, Pz($z, Due_z, Pr(junk))), pad)
Pdue: D(Qx( pad)
Message: D(pad)
And again:
Addr: z(E), z(Sz, Qz, F, &R, r(junk), r(junk), pad)
Post: E(Pz($z, Due_z, Pr(junk)), pad)
Pdue: E(Qy( Qx( pad)
Message: E(pad)
And back to &R:
Addr: r(junk), r(junk, pad)
Post: F(Pr(junk), pad)
Pdue: F(Qz( Qy( Qx( pad)
Message: F(pad)
So &R now knows   and  and so can recover M.
To keep &Z from knowing it is the tail of the path, extra postage
stamps are required of the sender.  These are cashable by the
receiver.  The sender thus has no way of knowing the length of the
path, but only has an idea of the upper bound on it.  If the sender
does not include sufficient postage on the steps she prepended to the
path, the receiver will not be able to read the message, as there is
no way for the receiver to find out Qv and Qw.  Perhaps these could be
affixed to the innermost stamp, along with &V and &W, but this is
probably not a good idea.
Since remailers wouldn't add extra encryption to the header fields of
a postage due message (it would make paying the postage due a lengthy
process), the postage due concept could be circumvented by placing the
message in the Post or Pdue headers disguised as postage info.  To
discourage this, remailers would only allow postage due deliveries for
a fixed period after a rate increase, and would still require the
older rate be paid.
Another use for postage due would be to disguise the use of an
expensive remailer.  Such a remailer would forward with postage due
when paid the prevailing rate.
Well, I've beaten this thing bloody now and can't find any more flaws.
I admit it's a bit of a monster, but most of it goes away if you don't
require postage.  I think the system needs to be designed with postage
in mind from the start, however.  Anyway, it's time for you people to
start ripping it apart.  Perhaps we can have a discussion of this at
the physical meeting this week if Eric Hughes can fit it into the
-eric messick

@_date: 1993-01-15 01:40:12
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Details on return envelopes 
As per Hal's suggestions, I've come up with a simpler example.  I've
also hardened it against an attack that he noticed, which has
considerably changed the protocol.
While thinking about this weakness, I realized that everything gets a
lot easier if each (re)mailer knows the public key of the next.  This
is public knowledge, so there's no need to hide the key once the next
destination is known.  If there was a complete database of public keys
of remailers that each remailer had, the key could be found from the
address.  Since that database might not be up to date, the public key
is transmitted along with the address.  Consequently, I was able to
remove all of the conventional keys from the protocol.  All
encryptions are now done with public keys.  Of course, there is still
the conventional encryption done for each public key encrypted packet.
The protocol is strengthened against this attack by fresh encryptions
at each stage which hide the constant string.
Note that the remailer itself can still identify the set of messages
that were sent using the same envelope.  It would be nice to fix this,
but it seems unlikely at this point.  Any ideas anyone?

@_date: 1993-01-15 01:40:12
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: Details on return envelopes (padding) 
It may not be at all obvious or intuitive, but &V *CAN* put padding
into the w(...) block.  I'm no longer trying to do this (see my
previous posting), but it could still be useful in some situations, so
I'll try to explain it more clearly.
PGP uses binary structures for all of this, but I'm going to pretend
that it's all ascii, just so we can see what's going on easier.  That
block w(...) looks something like this:
CTB: RSA			<-- that's *C*ypher *T*ype *B*yte
Length: 12345 bytes
Key_ID: w
IDEA_key: RSA(w, random_key)
CTB: IDEA
Length: 12315
To add padding to this, simply append some cryptographically strong
random bytes to the end, and adjust the unencrypted lengths by that
much.  No one can tell that your new bogus lengths don't match the
length on the plaintext packet without actually being able to see the
plaintext packet length field.  The decryptor believes the plaintext
packet length, and automatically throws away the bogus bytes that were
While writing this, I realized that when I tested this, I may have
only changed the outermost length.  It is possible (but I think it is
highly unlikely) that PGP would get sick if you changed the second
length value.  Since I no longer need to do this, I don't have any
incentive to check this out again.  It's not that difficult, but I
hate editing binary files...
-eric messick

@_date: 1993-01-15 15:45:21
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: random remailers 
I've been thinking about random remailing paths for a while now, and I
must admit that I don't know if it's on the balance a positive or
negative thing.  My view is: give the user the option.
The positive points:
Traffic analysis *MAY* be more difficult.  If you are receiving a
large quantity of traffic, it won't all follow the same path, so it
won't show up as a big spike in traffic between any two hosts.  On the
other hand, it will all need to converge on you anyway.  You just need
to hide the incoming traffic with bogus outgoing traffic.  If you
intend to receive a large amount of anonymous mail, it would be wise
to run a popular remailer.
New remailers get up to speed faster.  With the remailer network
handling the addition of new remailers automatically, an announcement
of a new remailer could result in sufficient cover traffic quickly.
If you have to wait for PEOPLE to decide to use the new remailer, it
will ramp up much more slowly.  On the other hand, cover traffic could
be handled randomly, even with real messages always being staticly
routed by people.
Negative points:
Your messages travel through more hosts, increasing the likelihood of
having them encounter a compromised host.  This is more pronounced
since it is difficult to evaluate the reputations of hosts when you
have only indirect control of their selection.  On the other hand, we
would like our systems to be immune to the compromise of even a
moderately large portion of the remailers.
A difficult question to be sure.  That's why I advocate giving the
choice to the user.
-eric messick

@_date: 1993-01-21 13:32:16
@_author: Eric Messick 
@_subject: random remailers 
The problem with this is that every site along the way has to know the
final delivery address, at least of this subset of the address chain.
Better to just send it directly, and add some load balancing traffic.
-eric messick
