
@_date: 2000-12-04 11:57:11
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
Was this missed by everyone?  Or did it appear
in another form?

@_date: 2000-11-08 20:29:31
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Lawsuit filed <sigh> 
This outrage is dubious at best.  After all, the re-election will
probably be one of the most closely supervised election in a long
In any case ...
If the people care enough, they can supervise the historically
fraudulent election districts.  The problem is that most people
don't give a hoot what happens if it's not in their back yard and
it does not hurt them in an obvious manner.
The only interested parties here ARE the Parties.  Everyone else
will whine a little, and then forget about it next week.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Wednesday, November 08, 2000 3:38 PM
Well a lawsuit has been filed for a new election to be held in Palm Beach
Jessy Jackson and the rest of the Carpetbaggers need to get out of our
An interesting tidbit:
Escambia Co., FL 71% of registered voters voted, 20% higher than the
country average. :)

@_date: 2000-11-08 20:57:45
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
"distort the forces ..."   Lord!  No!  Don't let them do that!
Geez, Tim.  What happened to personal responsibility?  Who gives two
bits what "forces" will be upon them.  They will ultimately still
have to cast a vote which they were casting just days earlier.  Who
cares if idiots spend billions to sway a few thousand votes.  That's
THEIR problem.  It's free speech, as you have claimed in the past.
I still don't get this uproar over re-doing something that was fishy.
Who's rights are being trampled upon by this?

@_date: 2000-11-08 21:46:11
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
Well, Tim, maybe I'm just part of a huge conspiracy to piss you
Or maybe you utter lots of theoretical purity of process without
being the least bit accomodating to the fact that often times, in
a large distributed process, things don't go as smoothly and as
perfectly as you would prefer.  You really should try managing a
large organization or process and try to be able to claim that
you can make it perfect.
And, of course, to get to YOUR point ...
What is different this time?  Will their evil twins to be doing
the voting?  What?  What is the problem?
It's the same damn vote.  One for one.  If someone does not feel
like "fixing" his/her vote, he shouldn't have to.  If the second
pass is a clean slate, then he/she can vote the same damn way
I really don't get it.  Do they get TWO votes this time?  Are
they now FORCED to vote even if they did not the first time?
Let's face it, if there are "forces", then they'll be there this
time around as well.  These people weren't objective one day,
and the next day, they were suddenly sheeples toppled over by
political ads.  So what's the difference?
Just spit it out, Tim.  You just aren't talking substance, but
you love insulting me ...
What a way to communicate ... but maybe that's not your goal.
Ern -----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, November 08, 2000 9:28 PM
You're a complete idiot if you don't understand this point.
I made my points, briefly, above. This would not be a matter of the same voters simply recasting their same ballots. Think about it.
(I'm not convinced you can, Ernest. In reading hundreds of your posts I have concluded that you're just part of Vinge's "Slow Zone.")
--Tim May

@_date: 2000-11-09 09:43:41
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Close Elections and Causality 
Thanks Tim.  (First, I genuinely appreciate the
specificity.  Now we can discuss just where we
Given your points, one would have to argue that
the proper election would have to be extremely
simultaneous (e.g. everyone votes within 1 hour
or whatever will most likely beat any realistic
attempt to predict voter results before the vote
is actually finished).
I can see your point.  However, it ain't gonna
happen precisely because people have normal life
concerns that truly are 24x7 and simply cannot
work around them.  (e.g. kids, certain kinds of
jobs, etc ...).
A reasonable level of flexibility is required.
"Reasonable" appears to mean opening polls for
most of the day, but I would hate to have some
faceless fed tell me what reasonable is.
Tax day is another example.  Shit.  Why should
the Post Office do anything extra special for
you if you don't get your forms filed in time?
Why should they set up special lines and special
times on the night of April 15?
Because it's a compromise.  It's pragmatic.  The
goal is to get people to file and to file on
Same thing here.  The goal is to give people a
chance to vote.  Otherwise, national elections
should have national rules, according to your
reasoning.  States should not be allowed to set
up their own mechanisms to vote on national
But in fact, the states ARE granted such
flexibility because that's the tradition.  It
does not fit yours or someone else's absolute
ideals, but then it's such a huge process and
who knows what level of flexibility each state
or local region needs.
So on the issue of extending hours:
If each district, county, township, neighborhood
should decide to open the polls LONGER, I can't
see a problem with that.  If they close it
earlier, it's probably not a problem either
unless someone felt they did not have a chance
to get to the polls.  Then someone will have to
decide whether that person had a fair chance to
vote.  But you don't want some no-name federal
government bureaucrat deciding what constitutes
a fair and reasonable chance to vote in your
circumstances, right?
Yes, I know, you can probably name all sorts of
extreme and clearly abusive behavior that this
would allow.  But surprisingly, most people do
not abuse the system.  Most people don't if it
is too inconvenient to be a pain-in-the-ass.
On the issue of re-voting:
The causality and the hinge issues are irrelevant
if ANY state, county, district, whatever can go
to a judge and argue (not demand arbitrarily) for
It's exactly YOUR argument:
Just because county X is demanding a re-vote does
not suddenly make that county the hinge vote.
They obviously do not know or care if county Y
also demand a re-vote.
Same flaw.
Because every area of the country have the same
right (as Palm Beach) to demand a re-vote.
But "reasonableness" and "compromise" will
usually demand some upper bound on how much of
this can occur to correct for any problems that
My personal view is that it is obvious that the
election is close, period.  Therefore, any
particular place where it's winner-take-all, a
reasonable request to re-vote should be granted.
Lots of places here and abroad have the concept
of run-off elections for precisely the same
Let's see what the voters really want.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, November 09, 2000 9:02 AM
[ Long educational rant about causation and how
some people are not clued in. ]

@_date: 2000-11-09 13:06:09
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
Um ... this is a good technical argument, but it does not address
the basic premise that what the voters wants is what the voters
should get.  There is no question what the voter wants.  They
knew ahead of time that they would be voting for a dead man's wife.
The appointment may be technically flawed, but for a judge to throw
this out would require finding a serious problem.  Technicality is
probably not a serious enough problem to go against the electorate.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Thursday, November 09, 2000 9:13 AM
Even more significant is that a dead man cannot take the oath of office.
If he can't take the oath of office he can't occupy the office.  The
governor only has the power to replace a senatoratorial position if the current office holder dies.
Since Carnahan died before he took office, the office remains unfilled.  The
governor does not have power to appoint senators willy-nilly. The office
must be held before it can be filled.  The correct solution would be to hold a special election so that the public has a chance to know who they are voting
into office.  What the democrats are afraid of is that his wife might be
less fit to hold that office than her husband in some democrat's minds
(after debates etc).
Here is a question?  Would it be vote fraud to run one person's name on the
ballot and replace him with someone else when he won?

@_date: 2000-11-09 14:28:39
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
Are you arguing that there were people who did not know
that they were voting for someone who was dead?
Yes.  I agree that the appointment may or may not be
considered legal, depending upon how the law is interpreted.
However, what is abundantly clear to me is that most,
if not all, of the electorate know that the guy is dead.
It was in the news for weeks.
If anyone is suggesting that there is some bait and switch
going on, let's see the evidence.  Was there a news black
out?  Where the news papers destroyed?  Radio stations cut
off?  TV frequencies jammed?
Please note that it is not clear yet whether this particular
corner case of the law is well-defined.  The courts will
decide that.  The courts may very well be required to void
this appointment for some important Constitutional reason.
Who knows?
My original point is that even if the courts find that the
law is technically being violated, it may not necessarily
void the appointment because the court may find that the
violation is not serious enough to tell voters they cannot
have what they want.
Your statement about letting the voters have anything they
want is clearly extreme and irrelevant in this case.  This
case is decided on subtleties of the law and the exceptional
circumstances, not the extremes you are alluding to.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Thursday, November 09, 2000 11:05 AM
Let me re-state what you have just said.  The 'people' should get what the 'people' want irregardless of the law.  Unfortunately
what the people want is unclear here.  If the people wanted the
dead governors wife for senate they should have put her on the
Playing the bait and switch game distorts the election outcome.
What the people are getting is what the governor wants.
Welcome to the people's paradise of Misery.
If the people really want her, a special election should clear
that up very quickly.  It would be above board and not more
Jefferson City scamming and corruption.
I've seen first hand the intent and demeanor of St. Louis
politics and its not pretty.  This probably had much to do
with his election.

@_date: 2000-11-09 16:30:18
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
Hmm ... I'm thinking on an empty stomach (no lunch
yet), so I am not quite sure, but my gut feeling (no
pun intended) is that you have a point ...
I can sympathize with that viewpoint, but I assert that
it is just one viewpoint among many legitimate ones.  I
do not believe this was actually written into the law,
but if someone proves conclusively to the courts that
the intent was already in the law, I have no problems
with that.
Um ... actually no.  I assert that the bulk of the
people voted for his wife, because they were assured
that she would take the seat.
If someone else was appointed instead of her, I would
say that there was bait and switch, and no matter how
popular that person might be (perhaps even more popular
than she was in the election), this change would fraud
for sure.
I agree with your statement here except that I did not
make that specific claim of the generic vote for

@_date: 2000-11-09 17:27:49
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
Tim, I most certainly am not recanting, and you know it.
(Well, perhaps you don't, but I would think better of you
despite your negativity.)
If you read the part I did think carefully about, you
would know exactly what I was referring to.
But feel free to spit out 90% venom, and 10% substance.
It's clearly your style.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Thursday, November 09, 2000 2:05 PM
You seem to do this a lot: shoot from the hip with some flaky and ill-presented ideas and then concede that others have raised points you haven't thought about.
While none of us expects others to share all or even most of our views, a certain minimum of knowledge in how government works is Please go find some high school-level textbooks on our federal republic system, on the electoral college, and on basic issues about why changing voting hours at the last minute, changing the voting rules, and allowing "do overs" are just not permissable.
Get some education.
--Tim May

@_date: 2000-11-10 00:51:05
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
As I said earlier, a court may very well find some Constitutional
issue or something else very serious about the appointment.  But
I would think that, in that event, there will be some other way
found to work around the necessity for an appointment.  Special
bill passed in the state legislature?  Who knows.
My original point still stands.  The voters should get what they
want, unless they want something clearly illegal.  That's a clear
principle in our pseudo-democracy.  Every principle has a point
where it must be compromised to appropriately coexist with other
principles.  But it is clear that if the voters have spoken,
there has to be a strong counter argument before their wishes can
be voided in effect (not just in procedure).
I am quite certain this principle will have a strong impact on
the outcome, should should the issue go to trial.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Thursday, November 09, 2000 8:18 PM
Well, if it is an unconstitutional election-appointment combination,
then technicalities *do* count, if only to keep some respect for that
tattered document alive.
I don't care much about that election, and it is big of Ashcroft to
step aside, but the law turns on what you dismiss as mere

@_date: 2000-11-10 10:28:06
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: Rants and sour grapes ... 
It is abundantly clear to me that much of the ranting
going on here on this list is at least 50% sour grapes.
Not to pick on Tim, but he just seems like a convenient
example; it is clear in Tim's mind that he does not
want the possibility of Gore being the next president.
He may have some procedural reasons to back this rant
up, but he definitely does not like Gore.
The same can be said of the rants about the dead guy.
The same can be said of the disgruntled voters of Palm
The same can be said of Republicans and Democrats
desperately trying to manipulate the rules to gain some
tiny margin of hope of winning.
Yes, in all of these cases, the interested party can
cite many legal issues and keep lots of lawyers fed and
happy.  But if the opposing party was the one who might
stand to gain from the same procedural maneuvers, these
rants and whines would never have come from the same
I know Tim will be offended because I am accusing him
of being less than objective, but I really have trouble
believing he would hold the same position so firmly if
his favorite candidate might stand to gain from the
post-election-day legal challenges.
(Like I said, Tim, I'm sorry it looks like I'm picking
on you, but you've made yourself so easy to pick on.
Perhaps you would just think about what would happen if
your candidate was the one who WOULD stand to gain from
the legal challenges.)
It's just sour grapes.

@_date: 2000-11-10 12:42:01
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Rants and sour grapes ... 
1.  I still find it funny that bozos like you assume that I
would vote for Gore.  But that's one thread that will probably
not lead anywhere with your type.
2.  I did not say that the right resolution for Palm Beach
County was to let them vote.  I simply stated that the goal is
of an election was to figure out what the electorate wanted,
not whether the electorate was good at using or abusing any
particular voting technique or process.  Tim and company (and
perhaps you) seemed to be quite absolutist in the notion that
whatever shit happens on election day, that's the way it is,
and no one ever get a chance to correct anything.  I don't
subscribe to that absolutist view.  I also did not say that
any flexibility or compromise resolution is only for Palm
County or any other Gore-leaning counties.  YOU and Tim and
the rest made that assumption (hence, probably item  above).
3.  Unlike many of you nuts, I do not subscribe to the notion
that violence is the next step (even if you claim that YOU
yourself wouldn't do it, but someone else will ... that's just
a lot of chicken shit BS).  If you want powder keg and ammo
and Ryder trucks, you are on a different planet than mine.  It
is not impossible for me to ever pick up a gun, but it is not
anywhere near top-10 on my list.  I may agree with you and Tim
on crypto, but I certain loath to meet either of you in person
on the streets.  Your anti-everything and get out of my hair
anger is just too much for my tastes.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 10, 2000 11:08 AM
You arrogant pinhead. It is you who have been whining that these
poor dimwitted voters in Palm Beach County must be allowed to vote
again; after all, "the voters should get what they want."
In any case, if they did hold a revote in Palm Beach County, what
happens after that?  What if Bush is still ahead and there are more
spoiled ballots?  What if Gore is ahead, but there are spoiled
ballots?  Or, is the objective to just allow them to re-vote again
and again until you and Gore get the outcome you're looking for?
And what about other states?  There were spoiled ballots in every
state and probably every precinct, and I have no doubt there was
some idiot confused by the ballot in every such case.  What is the
threshold at which we allow that state or precinct to vote over
I'm beginning to think Tim is right:  The fuse on this powder keg
is lit.  The NAACP and its ilk, along with Gore partisans like you,
will never accept the outcome of this election.
And holding a re-vote is the beginning of the end.  Republicans
aren't likely to let the Dems get away with stealing it back.  In
the end, I guess Slick Willie will just have to declare himself
dictator-for-life and invoke martial law to "maintain order".
Better stock up on ammo, folks.  (Maybe Y2K was just a few months
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-11-10 12:56:46
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
I'm sorry, but we just clearly disagree.  Every voter had enough
opportunity to know that the guy was dead, and that the wife was
to succeed him.  If some voters did not know, I'm sorry to them.
It was all over the news.  Every person has a right to be hermit
or to be generally clueless.  But I cannot help those people.
In the original message, the central issue was whether it was
legal for the governor to appoint the wife.  I spoke to that
issue assuming that the voters had enough opportunity to know
what was going on.
To believe your assertions, you would have to assume that the
voter walked into the booth never picking up on any news and
never spoke to anyone, and just had no clue who he/she was
voting for.  This behavior is clearly legal.  But just as Tim
cannot be concerned about inner city welfare mothers ("maggots"?
what word did he use?), I simply cannot be concerned about this
uninformed segment of the electorate.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Friday, November 10, 2000 7:14 AM
No, your original point was muddled. It's not clear that every voter
who chose the dead guy knew that his widow would take the slot. Since
the election is so close, that matters.
If you want to make sure the voters are getting what they want, put
the non-dead-guy's name on the ballot.

@_date: 2000-11-10 13:03:58
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Looking for statistically-unlikely surges in absentee ballots 
And would you be so upset if it were a county full of people that
share YOUR political persuasion, but similarly configured?
Probably not.
Therefore, you are not quite the objective guy you claim.  You just
have a lot of vocal people on this list who share YOUR views.  There
are a lot of people in Palm Beach County who share some other views.
They feel cheated.  They are angry.  They are using the legal system
to do something about it.  They may not succeed.  (Who cares.)  All
I claimed was that they have a right to pursue the issue precisely
because the goal of elections is to see what the voters want, not
whether the voters meet some intelligence criteria or can decipher
some level of complexity.  I may personally dislike the notion that
such idiots are voting, but they have every right to vote.  I also
am well aware that real people in real situations make mistakes.
That is why there are lots of recourses to help fix election process
problems.  Of course, the ideal would be that everyone votes exactly
at the same time, with informed intelligence, etc ..  Real life is
much more complicated than that, and unlike you, I do not pretend to
know every complication (and have an proper solution) that could
happen to such a huge process.
Ern, President and CEO, PinHead Inc.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 10, 2000 12:48 PM
I just heard Karen Hughes of the Bush Campaign express concern about the status of absentee ballots being mailed AFTER the outcome of the election was shown to be so close. In particular, after the legal cut-off date.
This fits with what I just posted about concerns that Florida dual-citizenship residents of Israel, or tourists in Israel, sending in absentee ballots they had neglected to send in by the cut-off date. (Or, more ominously, ZOG conveniently postmarking them to match the law in Florida.)
[By the way, I think in my ZOG piece I mentioned Palm Beach County. This is not the point, as the closeness of the vote is Florida-wide. This is what I meant to say.]
The thing to look for is a _surge_ in ballots arriving in Florida absentee ballots as compared to other states. While other states may also have some degree of "after the fact absentee ballots," the incentives are higher in a razor-thin state like Florida. A surge of absentee ballots arriving two or three days after the controversy became obvious would be compelling evidence to justify further --Tim May

@_date: 2000-11-10 13:09:56
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
Ok ... so we are now splitting hairs on language.  Fine.  Have
it your way.
My statement that every voter actually knew was improper.
However, you are just going off on a tangent ...
I am sure that months or years after JFK was assasinated, you
can find someone who didn't even know he was in office.  There
is just no way to deal with this level of cluelessness.
In these days of mass media, Internet, etc ...  If you didn't
know the guy was dead, and his wife was to take his place, you
aren't trying.  I don't care.  It's not my state.  I still had
no choice but to be bombarded with that news.
Sorry.  My point still stands.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Friday, November 10, 2000 10:01 AM
As a working journalist writing about politics, I get lots of feedback from voters. Many are, sadly, clueless.
But it is a stretch to assert, as you blithely do, that every voter knew that the guy was dead. My own experience shows otherwise.

@_date: 2000-11-10 13:35:31
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: Another mental exercise for the absolutists ... 
New Mexico appears to be having a problem ...
Some ballots are not found.
What would YOU do about it?
A computer glitch left out 60K+ ballots.
What would YOU do about it?
For the violently anti-Gore types:  This state
appears to be the opposite of New Mexico in
terms of political pursuasion.  A re-count or
a re-do could very well put Bush ahead.

@_date: 2000-11-10 14:56:34
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Another mental exercise for the absolutists ... 
Mis type ... opposite of "Florida".
Are we talking about the equiv bulb burning out on the card
reader? Is there any error in the ballot?  Is there a chain of
evidence, wrt where they have come from?
Yes, no, yes: let them in.
New Mexico is the opposite of New Mexico?

@_date: 2000-11-19 08:56:31
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: Conspiracy Theory #187389 (RE: Carnivore All-Consuming) 
What is the likelihood that the public just ignores this
given the ruckus over the election?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, November 17, 2000 10:46 PM
EPIC FOIA...
WASHINGTON--The FBI's controversial e-mail surveillance tool, known as Carnivore, can retrieve all communications that go through an Internet service -far more than FBI officials have said it does -a recent test of its potential sweep found, according to bureau documents

@_date: 2000-11-20 04:44:33
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: The cause of uncertainty in the election outcome. 
Well, that's not entirely true either.  The judicial system is
generally pragmatic, in the sense that they do not address
issues not brought before the court.  For instance, if someone
commits a crime, a prosecutor must bring up charges.  Yes,
this concept seems rather obvious and trivial, but what it
means is that it is very easy for the body of laws which
affect any particular situation (e.g. Presidential election)
to become contradictory and for the accepted practice to
deviate significantly from what the law strictly allows.  It's
not necessarily a bad thing that the system works this way,
but it's definitely a side effect, and most people don't want
to fix what ain't broke.  Clearly, the Florida situation
demonstrates that something is likely broken.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Sunday, November 19, 2000 11:24 AM
Because the vote is so close, the outcome depends entirely on a multitude of judgment calls about which votes count, and which are counted, and how they shall be counted.
The normal procedure in England and the democracies descended from England, or imposed by English troops, is that the major parties reach agreement before and during the vote count, on how the votes shall be counted.  In the US however, you have a multitude of laws, laws which contradicted each other, and contradicted actual practice.  For example a lot of perfectly good absentee ballots that were presented by the military in accord with the usual military practice were rejected this time because they did not comply with the letter of the law, even though they complied with custom and practice.
The cause of the uncertainty is judicial imperialism.
It is often said that Americans are litigious,but the cause of this destructive litigation is judicial willingness to unpredictably overturn existing practice.

@_date: 2000-11-29 14:38:17
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Arthur Anderson black-bagged, NIPC now spooking 
Probably true.  Just take a look at the publically advertised info from
AST and other NSA supplies, and Carnivore really is just a toy.  The claim
that this is just a way to test the legal waters (which NSA is generally
protected from) has a lot of merit.  If this is really the best the FBI can
do, I want my tax dollars back.

@_date: 2000-09-13 18:11:04
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Why? 
No it's not a viable possibility except for those who see conspiratorial
agents around every corner.  Try running a large organization some time
and you will see just what kind of stupid shit you have to deal with.
You may well turn into one of those evil union-busting executives.  There
are a lot of incentive issues to deal with as well as contractual issues
if you are working with unioned employees.  Are you suggesting that the
unions may have been complicit in putting a daycare there?
This is total horse shit, and it is definitely NOT viable.
This sort of suggestion really makes this list look like it's inhabitted by
a bunch of loonies.  It's your right to suggest any shit you want, but it's
way out in left field.

@_date: 2000-09-26 09:56:09
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: Frenchelon: The Next Generation ... 
France Telecom to build American fiber network
NEW YORK (Reuters) - France Telecom said Tuesday
it will invest $200 million to build a 15,000-mile
fiber optics network connecting 28 major cities in
North America by the end of 2001.
The network will be connected to France Telecom's
pan-European backbone network, opened in October
1999, with international submarine cables.  ...
Gee ... This wouldn't be used for commercial ...
er ... I mean ... national security espionage ...
er ... I mean ... surveillence, would it?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, know what I mean ?

@_date: 2000-09-26 11:30:08
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Olympic email snooping -- FBI-style 
Too funny ... not ...
I remember in Taiwan when I was a kid,
there was a nice little informative
"truth-in-advertising" sticker right
on the rotary dialer on the phone
telling us not to talk about politics
because the police was listening ...
Hey, at least they didn't bother to
hide or ofuscate the situation.
Maybe NSA was "practicing" there too.
For the crap we dish out about the bad
evil ol' Soviet Union and the other
"oppressive" governments, at least
they were up front about their tactics.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, September 25, 2000 11:50 AM
[From: For the second disturbing fact we jump to the Olympics -- not this year's
games in Sydney -- but the 2002 Winter games in Utah. Given the 1996
bombing at the Atlanta games and the 1972 hostage crisis in Munich, I
really, really wouldn't want to be responsible for public safety at an
Olympic games anywhere. So it isn't surprising that the security plans for
Salt Lake in 2002 are very robust - perhaps too robust for some people,
including me.
