
@_date: 2001-09-13 22:00:06
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
Well said ... and I would imagine that May and Co. have very logical,
reasonable and laudible goals.  The problem here, is that the
moderates on the list does not want to be defined by the extremes.
(I am quite certain there will be some flaming to follow, as the
indignations let loose.)
The one question I would ask those who spout "XXX needs killing" is
whether you really want to make a difference or just stand up for an
isolated principle?
You just might be right, but maybe no one noticed, and the ignorant
masses (a.k.a. sheeples) just walked right over you (and your rights)
Even in your world, it is not acceptable to point a gun at someone
and demand that they act with reason or even enlightened self interest.
Ernest (dusting off my flame proof vest) Hua
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2001 6:26 PM
My post was not "bait." The reason we have anything left of the amendments
so frequently talked about in here is due to the independence of the
judiciary. While you can question aforesaid independence, threatening the
judiciary is beyond the pale.
There are some posts in here that give me 'pause for psycholinguistic
analysis.' As such, I worry that they could be misconstrued (Type 5...Type
6, compulsive or possible syndicate bombers even...) by some hypersensitive,
uneducated people not intimately familiar with the history and quirks of
this list -- in what has become a hypersensitive environment.
Bell's "Assassination Politics" put cypherpunks on some protective
intelligence agendas. It would not be implausible to assume you were being
monitored to see if you "run" with the seeded assassination memes, if only
for analytical purposes. These matters are taken seriously by those charged
with the care of protected persons. (Contrary to what some here would have
you believe, subtlety can get you a much higher threat-rating than overtly
threatening correspondence.)
Baiting? Provocation? No, a caveat. Do not tolerate behavior of that nature.
It subjects you all to scrutiny and mischaracterization.
What about Mr. K-S that hides behind his hushmail jacket and asks for names
and addresses.....why doesn't somebody cuss him out?

@_date: 2001-09-13 22:09:51
@_author: Ernest Hua 
@_subject: A Call for a Chorus of Voices 
It seems like every bozo in Congress is leaning toward the
"you can't do crypto" solution, which we know, just by the
laws of nature, cannot work.
Why is it, that no one has even suggested taking off the
figurative handcuffs on what the NSA can or cannot use
without court orders?
The more cynical side of me says that they are already
using it (yes, this means that they are already collecting
it), and so it's not worth fighting for because that would
only legalize something they're already doing.
The more innocent side of me says that maybe they are
jockeying to compromise on this:  They already have huge
sorting and correlation engines just waiting for Congress
critters to say, "Okay, now you can legally turn on these
toys ...".  (Oh, ok, sir ... actually, we already did ...
and you'll be proud of us, sir ... we caught every last
one of dem fern'ner's ... oh ... you did, eh ... well,
just remember to ask for permission next time ...)
