
@_date: 1996-12-27 13:06:07
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: "Deeyenda" E-MAil virus alert!!!!!! 
whoops, you been caught hook, line and urban legend  :-)  check cert alerts for email viruses and how they are closely related to the loch ness monster
--- eric
Eric S. Johansson       ka1eec          esj at harvee.billerica.ma.us
This message was composed almost entirely by DragonDictate. k9 wisdom as translated by DD: "look homeward wrong aroma"
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo at ai.mit.edu
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB at ai.mit.edu

@_date: 2001-06-09 11:36:11
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: [camram-spam] long commentary from a knowledgeable outsider 
I wanted to try and get a rough approximation of hardware costs and
performance for a hardware based attack against hashcash postage.  So I
wrote to Nicko van Someren.  I chose Niko because I heard him speak that
the digital commerce society of Boston on some of the scaling issues
regarding a micromint[1] based currency system.  A nutshell, he pretty well
demolished the feasibility of micromint.
In general, Nicko is not a fan of proof of work systems for a variety of
reasons but he has some really good information that he gave me permission
to share with the hashcash group.  In my opinion, the content convinced me
that hashcash will provide a degree of defense against Spam.  On the
downside, there are some serious issues regarding theft of service and bulk
generation of stamps but I don't consider them a mortal wound, it's just a
wound that bleeds real heavily...
Please read the entire message before commenting because I may have
addressed some of the points further on.
--- eric
my question to Nicko was:
"""My primary concern is that there is a risk that someone could define a
hashcash coin generator using relatively cheap hardware (e.g. FPGA) and
enable the at home spammer to generate lots of coins. I'm wondering if you
would be willing to do a first-order approximation analysis on the cost
versus speed curve for hardware generating hashcash coins? """
to which he replied:
my reply was:
to which he replied to my reply...
to which I replied (yes folks, this is the last bit)

@_date: 2002-10-25 18:15:03
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: [camram-spam] very close to done 
I've checked in all of my recent changes and this is what you have:
Camram filter that seems to work.  Occasionally it falls over and dies.
  Do not use if you care about receiving your e-mail.
Jail management tool that lets you look at your jail and do a minimal
amount of white list additions.  It looks ugly because this is a
"temporary" feature.
I'll probably finish the jail tool and make the system fully operational
on the receive side sometime this weekend.  Then I will start on the
outbound proxy (unless somebody beats me to it).
The receive side filter is almost ready to go live except for one thing.
  I'm still stuck on the old format hashcash definition because I do not
have a Java applet to use in conjunction with the autoresponder bounce
This is what I want: a really simple applet that will work with Java
engines back as far as Netscape 4.6 and works on Windows, Macintosh,
Linux.  No fancy GUI or messages.  Just a simple crank out the stamp
type application.  If folks think it's a good idea, it should just
generate and send the stamp as soon as it is invoked and not wait for a
human to do anything.
simple, portable, working.
I don't need write once-debug everywhere.
if this had been an actual release announcement, the actual release
readme would follow:
Camram is an antispam system predicated on making spam more expensive
for the spammer that it is for the recipient.
This is the first barely functional release of the camram antispam
filter.  It should provide a reasonable degree of protection for an
individual against Spam intrusion as well as give you manual control
to handle the cases where generates a false positive.
Camram generates false positives when ever there is no one or no thing
at the senders address to respond to the challenge message.  Only
under those circumstances do you need to go to the jail and pullout
the innocent message.
major subsystems:
create the owner and group camram.  I usually make it 499. yimv
build hashcash executable according to instructions and install it in
make the following directories
change the local camram directory group ownership to camram
chgrp -R camram ~/.camram
copy all of the src/*.py files into /usr/local/camram/bin
change "release_URL" in camram_filter.py to reflect your URL.
change to sgid directory and build camram and jail.cgi sgid wrappers.
change the group ID of both wrappers to camram
copy the camram sgid wrapper to /usr/local/camram/bin
configure your Web server to have a /camram/ CGI directory
place jail.cgi and the contents of webstamp into that directory.
copy the sample configuration file from the ancillary directory into your
~/camram/ directory.  Change the e-mail address definition to be your
e-mail addresses for this account.  for the time being,
use sample procmail script (adjusted for local parameters) in your
personal .procmailrc.
send yourself a test message from another account and and you should
get a bounce message back.  If there is no bounce message, check the
procmail log for python exceptions.
If you do get a bounce message back, check the .camram directory to
see if you have three files containing the string "white_list" and
that they are owned by group camram with permissions 660.
respond to the bounce message appropriately (i.e. calculate a stamp
with the browser) and see if the jailed message is released to your
mail box.  Again, if it doesn't release check the procmail log.
if it doesn't work at this point, then, send me a bug report and
remove the .procmailrc from your home directory to disable camram.
if everything is working at this point, then turn off autoresponder
messages by setting block_autoresponder to true in the local
configuration file.
periodically examine the jail and approve messages either by
user/subject markers or by some other marker (IKWTFID) internal to the
message.  Once the proportion of Spam starts climbing to the 80
percent mark, turn on the autoresponder by setting block_autoresponder
to 0 (i.e. false) in the local configuration file.
