
@_date: 2002-07-07 20:24:42
@_author: Ed Stone 
@_subject: DRM as a Smart Contract 
If a large set of content providers adopt, as a cartel, a specific, single form of smart contract that requires the same specific form of hardware that they approve, and such adoption freezes out non-approved hardware from maintaining commercial scale, then questions of monopoly and collusion arise, and the question of greed seems to shine strongest on the cartel, in my view.
Regardless, to look at the entertainment industry and cypherpunks as a group, some might suspect the greater greed is not among the cypherpunks. The largest single cost was distribution. Digital communications can make that essentially free. When may we expect a price reduction that parallels the cost reduction? Or are they greedy?

@_date: 2002-06-01 19:36:38
@_author: Ed Stone 
@_subject: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
Looks like it is the position of the Department of Justice of the United States of America that the 2nd Amendment to the Constitution conveys rights, as against potential Government powers to the contrary, for an Individual not in the military to keep and bear arms, albeit subject to reasonable regulation thereof.
The Justice Department's urging of continued prosecution of the men looks like DOJ views a blanket proscription of an individual's possessing or bearing a firearm to be a reasonable regulation of firearms.
Assuming that the current position of the DOJ is that it believes the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess firearms, then if a municipality can prevail in requiring that only police officers may posses guns, and pass Constitutional muster, can that municipality prevail in requiring that only police officers may enjoy free speech? Or petition the Government for redress of grievances? Or refuse to testify against themselves? Why not?
Cases in which the United States Governmnent has found an individual's rights found in the United States Constitution essentially voidable by a city council are rare, I hope? Unusual? So pre-9/11?

@_date: 2002-06-03 09:43:17
@_author: Ed Stone 
@_subject: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
The Executive is part of the "national government" that Cruikshank says is restricted by the 2nd amendment, yes?
Then Cruikshank didn't mean to include the President as part of the "national government" that it found to be restricted by the 2nd amendment?
Again, Presser says the 2nd amendment restricts the president from such an executive order, yes?

@_date: 2002-06-03 11:23:24
@_author: Ed Stone 
@_subject: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
And in 1908 in Twining, the USSC found that the 5th amendment was similarly a limitation upon the national government, not the state governments, i.e., the states are not required by the fifth amendment to abstain from requiring a defendant to incriminate himself in testimony. But the first 8 amendments have been progressively extended to the states by application of the 14th amendment.
For example, the fifth circuit, just eight months ago, finds the invididual model prevails not only over the national government, but also the states, and it declares that Cruikshank fails to "establish any principle governing any of the issues.." regarding the 14th amendment's extension of the Bill of Rights to limit the power of the states.
"13. In United States v. Cruikshank, 23 L.Ed. 588 (1875), the Court held that the Second Amendment "is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the National Government."
Id. at 592. In Presser v. Illinois, 6 S.Ct. 580, 584 (1886), the Court, reaffirming Cruikshank and citing Barron v. Baltimore, 8 L.Ed.
672 (1833), held that the Second "amendment is a limitation only upon the power of congress and the national government, and not upon that of the state." And, in Miller v. Texas, 14 S.Ct. 874 (1894), the Court held, with respect to "the second and fourth amendments" that "the restrictions of these amendments operate only upon the federal power, and have no reference whatever to proceedings in state courts," citing Barron v. Baltimore and Cruikshank. As these holdings all came well before the Supreme Court began the process of incorporating certain provisions of the first eight amendments into the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, and as they ultimately rest on a rationale equally applicable to all those amendments, none of them establishes any principle governing any of the issues now before us."

@_date: 2002-05-26 20:45:29
@_author: Ed Stone 
@_subject: PGP - when you care enough to send the very best! 
And I prefer key generation when not online to a facility that may implement various operations like:
"The "Internet X.509 Certificate Request Message Format" Internet-draft
that defines certain functions between a Certificate Authority (such as
VeriSign) and the user's machine that generates the key pair, including
certain options for "Proof of Possession of Private Key" (POPOPrivKey)
during the online session to generate keys and obtain an X.509 S/MIME
"POPOPrivKey ::= CHOICE {
     thisMessage       [0] BIT STRING,
     -- posession is proven in this message (which contains the private
     -- key itself (encrypted for the CA))"
  .. and ..
"PKIArchiveOptions ::= CHOICE {
     encryptedPrivKey     [0] EncryptedKey,
     -- the actual value of the private key
     keyGenParameters     [1] KeyGenParameters,
     -- parameters which allow the private key to be re-generated
     archiveRemGenPrivKey [2] BOOLEAN }
     -- set to TRUE if sender wishes receiver to archive the private
     -- key of a key pair which the receiver generates in response to
     -- this request; set to FALSE if no archival is desired."

@_date: 2003-05-02 10:18:38
@_author: Ed Stone 
@_subject: patriotism considered evil 
The bias of the US news media is most clearly demonstrated by the general absence of questions or discussion along the lines of "For months the US sought a resolution from the UN authorizing an attack to 'disarm Saddam of his weapons of mass destruction'. Now where are the weapons of mass destruction? Has the US done the equivalent of shooting a man holding his ID instead of a gun, but on a scale of tens of thousands? Wasn't WMD simply a pretext for starting a war of aggression that had been long planed and
