
@_date: 2000-10-31 16:49:43
@_author: eventseries@match.com 
@_subject: CDR: Seattle Match.com Gallery Mixer 
Dear Joe3058
Attention Seattle: We have an exclusive event for you!
Match.com and NextMonet.com invite you to fall in love through art at their Seattle Gallery Mixer.  The event will take place on Thursday, November 9th from 6-8pm at the Ballard/Fetherston Gallery, 818 E. Pike Street (corner of E. Broadway and E. Pike).  Members and their guests can enjoy fabulous art, food, drinks, and interesting people and conversation.  This is definitely a don't miss event, so RSVP today -  at match.com/seattlemixer.  Space is limited, so be sure and get your RSVP today (please fill out all the information and RSVP yes to ensure that you are on the list!)
Lara Duncan
Community Marketing Manager
Thank you for choosing Match.
Where you're always just a few clicks away from meeting thousands of interesting,intelligent, and successful people just like you!
For billing inquiries, email us at: billing at match.com
For general questions, email us at: customercare at match.com
Wanna make the most of your city? Citysearch it!

@_date: 2001-02-16 11:07:48
@_author: eventseries@match.com 
@_subject: Match.com has a special U2 offer 
We have a special offer for all of our Match.com users in the Seattle/Tacoma area.  It's the hottest ticket of the year...it's sold out...it's U2...and you're invited! That's right, U2 is coming to Tacoma for the hottest concert of the year, and Match.com, in conjuction with ETS/Concert Caravans, is inviting you to be a part of the concert event of the year.  Through this special offer, you will receive General Admission tickets to the Sold Out U2 concert on April 12th in Tacoma, admission to the wildest pre-party in town and bus transportation to and from the Tacoma Dome for only $129.95.  The pre-party will be from 3:30-7:00 at Jillians in Tacoma - just a short ride away from the Tacoma Dome - complete with a cash bar and complimentary appetizers.  Buses will leave for the concert when the gates open at 6:30.  Be sure to enjoy the party, but remember to catch the shuttle bus to the Tacoma Dome in plenty of time to get a fabulous place to witness this once in a lifetime eve!

@_date: 2001-02-22 10:21:54
@_author: eventseries@match.com 
@_subject: U2 is coming to Tacoma and Match.com has tickets! 
We have a special offer for all of our Match.com users in the Seattle/Tacoma area.  It's the hottest ticket of the year...it's sold out...it's U2...and you're invited! That's right, U2 is coming to Tacoma for the hottest concert of the year, and Match.com, in conjunction with ETS/Concert Caravans, is inviting you to be a part of this concert event.  Through this special offer, you will receive a General Admission ticket to the sold out U2 concert on Thursday, April 12th in Tacoma, along with admission to the wildest pre-party in town and bus transportation to and from the Tacoma Dome for only $129.95 per person.  The pre-party will be from 3:30pm - 7:00pm at Jillians in Tacoma, just a short ride away from the Tacoma Dome, complete with a cash bar and complimentary appetizers.  The buses will begin pulling away from Jillians when the gates open for the concert at 6:30pm.  Be sure to enjoy the party and remember to catch the shuttle bus to the Tacoma Dome in plenty of time to get a fabulous spot to witness this once in a lifetime event.
Call (888) 881-8981 today to order your tickets for the concert and all of the festivities that go along with it. Be sure to let them know you're with Match.com. We have a very limited number of seats available and they're going fast!  Tickets will only be available for a very limited time, so don't miss out on your chance to see U2 live!
Thank you for choosing Match
Where you're always just a few clicks away from meeting thousands of interesting, intelligent, and successful people just like you!
Wanna make the most of your city? Citysearch it!

@_date: 2001-03-13 17:58:47
@_author: eventseries@match.com 
@_subject: Match.com Exclusive Academy Awards Watching Party 
Match.com presents our ACADEMY AWARDS VIEWING AND POST PARTY in Seattle.
Join us, and hundreds of other Match.com singles, for the biggest movie night of the year at the Match.com and Jillians Academy Awards Viewing and Post Party! Why sit home wondering what celebrity filled parties are like?  We've got our own event filled with enough fun and excitement to give those Hollywood folks a run for their money - complete with food, drinks, and enough incredible prizes for everyone to go home a winner!  You can cast your votes for Best Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor and Actress and Movie to win fabulous prizes such as movie passes, limo rides, videos and all kinds of gift certificates.
For those of you who have never been to a Jillians, it's filled with tons of interactive games, bowling, billiards and a dance club for you to dance the night away.  Did we mention that Jillians is filled with huge screens so it will seem like your favorite stars are right there with you!
When: Sunday March 25th 5:00pm
Where: Jillians 731 Westlake Avenue N
Seattle, WA
Cost: No cover - you only have to pay for drinks and games
Questions?  Please call 206.223.0300.  RSVP by clicking on the link below:  at match.com/jilliansseattle Our Match.com events fill up fast, so be sure to get your RSVP in today! See you there!
Your Friends at Match.com
Thank you for choosing Match
Where you're always just a few clicks away from meeting thousands of interesting, intelligent, and successful people just like you!
Wanna make the most of your city? Citysearch it!
