
@_date: 1996-10-13 03:51:00
@_author: everheul@mail.rijnhaave.nl 
@_subject: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to 
To  explain the backround of "binding cryptography" once more; with
respect to (interoperable, worldwide) security in the information
society socities/governments have to achieve two tasks: 1. stimulating the establishment of a security structure that protects
their citizens, but which does not aid criminals. 2. Coping with the
use of encryption by criminals outside of this framework.
An inherent problem with these tasks is that different
socities/governments have different views on the matter. So to achieve
the first task you'll need a concept behind the security structure
that is flexible enough to incorporate *any* crypto policy, i.e. from
liberal (Japan) to non-liberal (France). We believe that  "binding
cryptography" is flexible enough to achieve this: a liberal crypto
policy might use no Trusted Retrieval Parties at all, while a very
non-liberal country might want one (government controlled) TRP, a
compliance check on all network traffic and a ban on other crypto.
With binding cryptography the issue on a crypto policy becomes
non-technical and politically debatable: which features does a country
want and what implementation?
No it is not. Among other things: it is a international solution, it
is based on Pub. Key. Enc. and it is flexible enough to follow
private-sector developments. It is not a key-escrow solution, as *you*
have (in principle) a very large choice in who to trust with your
We offered a solution for the *first* task not for the *second*; the
point is that criminals(!) do not gain any real advantage from using
the system in that way as they - among other things - still face the
key-management problem. The above dicussions are only relevant in
countries where the use of crypto outside the structure would be
prohibited. BTW, it is by such discussions that I believe such a ban
is ineffective and in fact counterproductive.
The information society is international by nature; we want to
securely communicate with Singapore. If Singapore, a democratic
country!, has such a crypto policy that they want the above control,
then so be it. Don't blame "binding cryptography" for making that
possible, but start a dialogue with your politicians on what features
of the proposal are acceptable in your country.
Some countries seem to have the philosophy that "law-abiding" citizens
should have nothing to "hide" from their government, so should not use
encryption at all. I think that that is not acceptable. The concept
behind the third-party checking is that no "law-abiding" citizen
should have any problem that abuse - and only that - of a *voluntary*
system can be "seen" by     many parties. If and *how* checking is
done, is a matter of each society. The same concept holds for many
things in life and is well accepted. For instance that is why cars
have registration plates: if a car drives through after an accident on
a *public* road, then by-standers (third parties) can observe that. I
for one don't the information society to be the wild west, where
anything goes.
Of course, people are rightfully worried that such a checkable system
might be abused by a totalitarian regime to control their citizens.
However, as long as such a system is voluntary I see no problem. Signs
in the USA indicate (cf. the NRC study & remarks of the president)
that use of other systems will always be possible. Also, the above
discussions already showed that if such a system is voluntary, then
there are lots of way to go around it.
Point a) can be circumvented too easily.
How do you envision point b? Sending all keys (or a selection) to the
recipient for checking is: impractical & dangerous (you want the
distance between the actual communication and the guy that can
decypher as large as possible). If you don't send keys, then abuse
will only show up during a warrant. But that abuse will show up
anyway.. So what is the use? Point c is a nice suggestion. Although I
for one have no problem that anyone can see that I comply with the
rules (..unless of course it is a non-voluntary system etc..).
Bring in to action your politicians ("the voice of the people") to let
the regulation on Trusted Retrieval Parties be as liberal as you find 1) They get *one* system set up by governments that will make it
possible to securely communicate (and do with business) with the whole
(democratic) world. Instead of several partial systems set up by
private companies where responsibilities will be vague. I consider a
certified public key as a digital passport; setting up the structure
for passports is a task of governments. 2) Only during a warrant
policemen will see that; what then happens must every society on his
own decide. Probably nothing happens, as otherwise the investigation
will probably be to disturbed.
Best regards, Eric

@_date: 1996-10-18 03:57:45
@_author: everheul@mail.rijnhaave.nl 
@_subject: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to  ke 
Our original is on: At the end of that (also available as
 there is a
technical description of one implementation of Binding Cryptography. They are mentioned  in the final paper.
In fact our technique is inspired on that technique (that is being
used by several other as well). In this technique users' encrypted
messages basically consist of three components:
1. the (actual) message encrypted with any symmetric system, using a random session
2. the session key encrypted with the public key(s) of the
3. the session key encrypted with the public key of a
Trusted Retrieval Party (TRP). With the TIS scheme a TRP is called Key
Escrow Agency (KEA), but that is just a name.
When a law-enforcement agency is conducting a lawful intercept and
strikes upon an enciphered message, they take the third information
component to the TRP. If shown an appropriate warrant, the TRP
decrypts the information component and hands over the session key, so
that the law-enforcement agency has access to the message. The TIS commerical Key Escrow (CKE) leaves it at that. So unilateral
(i.e without help of the recipient) fraud is easily possible; just
send another (or none) session key in the thrid component. Nobody is
going to know; the three packets look OK. Only when there is a
law-enforcement agency is conducting a lawful intercept then they will
know fraude is committed. (BTW "fraude" means using something
(voluntarily) without complying with the *AGREED* rules. Hence fraude
in voluntary systems is possible. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE let us not have
that discussion again!). Not willing to jeopardize the investigation,
the LEA is then probably not going to do much about it.
In the "TIS software key escrow paralleling Clipper" this unilateral
fraude has been made impossible: as the recipient knows the session
key (from decrypting the second component), he is capabel to
recalculate the third session key and compare it with it the actual
sent to him. Of course this comparison is incorperated in the software
of the recipient; if the comparison fails then the decryption of the
first component will not take place (in France your monitor might
explode (-;) Although preventing unilateral fraude, this does not
prevent colluding of frauders. Indeed, by a conceptually simple
manipulation in the decryption software the outcome of the comparison
can be made "positive" all the time. So in this fashion, without
anybody knowing (seeing) about it colluding people will use the
security benefits of the system, but not it "law enforcement"
We liked the general techinque as it is rather liberal and
internationally useable (you don't have to escrow any secret keys, the
choice of TRPs is very flexible), but we did not like the colluding
property. The idea in our scheme is that the colluding fraude is still
possible, but must be at least *detectable* by third parties that have
access to all data anyway (network operators, internet service
providers). Moreover, for this detection no secret information is
needed (or gained), so user' privacy is not jeopardized by it. With
respect to this; I was surprised to read in the papers that Bangemann
(European Commision) proposed to make Internet Service Provides
responsible for checking the authenticity of certain types of sent
In resume: we believe that our scheme is the middle of key-escrow
(Clipper III) and the TIS scheme and is flexible enough to form a
worldwide security infrastructure, where each participating country
can implement its *own* crypto policy with. In particular, if, how
(random, offline?) and by who checking is done is a matter for each
country to decide on his own. Also the organization of TRPs is a
matter of each country of its own.
Splitting the session-key in binding data can be done by the sender
(sending all shares to different TRPs); this can be checked by anyone.
More importantly, in our ElGamal implementation of binding
cryptography the splitting of the secret keys of TRP can be done in a
very elegant way, that seems to be put there for (controlled) LEA-use. We will put
that in the technical paper as well.
Best regards, Eric

@_date: 1997-01-08 23:42:32
@_author: Eric Verheul 
@_subject: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
Actually, on microscopical level *all* condoms have holes in them; the holes are just small enough for you not to worry bout it. The same applies to (good!) Key Recovery cryptography: there are holes but not big enough for you to worry about!
