
@_date: 1996-07-18 10:33:46
@_author: EVERHART@Arisia.GCE.Com 
@_subject: Making encoding out of an authentication cipher 
Had an interesting thought, maybe worth passing on for commentary.
(...since "authentication" ciphers are considered "harmless" by
those interested in spying on your info...)
Suppose you have a secure hash function H(msg) that delivers a random
long period set of hash bits for msg, which is computationally infeasible
to invert and such that the value of H(msg) depends very sensitively on
all bits of msg. These things are used for authentication and tend to be
all over the world.
Now suppose I have a key and apply the following transform, where "+"
will mean binary exclusive OR.
H(key) + M(1)	   = C(1)
H(key+M(1)) + M(2) = C(2)
H(key+M(2)) + M(3) = C(3)
and so on where M(n) is the message and C is the enciphered message.
H(key)      + C(1)  = M(1)
H(key+M(1)) + C(2)  = M(2)
H(key+M(2)) + C(3)  = M(3)
and so on.
If the hash function is cryptographically strong, is this or is this not
a strong cipher? Are there fast hash functions around?
Note that in doing disk encryption, one has also the disk block number
available, and even the offset in block, to be stuffed into the hash function
if one wants. In a serial message one has offset in message also. The only
piece of nontrivial software needed to implement it is the hash function
itself, which has been claimed to be useful only for authentication. If this
scheme is at all strong, the distinction is shown to be fairly useless.
I thought of this a couple days ago...thought I might ask if anyone knows
any of the answers. I do not, and am not knowledgeable in this area, save
VERY casually.

@_date: 1996-07-19 13:15:13
@_author: EVERHART@Arisia.GCE.Com 
@_subject: Cookies etc... 
On VMS, I have an applique which can be used to control completely what
can be opened by apps you don't trust. It is perfectly capable of
ensuring that nothing you haven't authorized is opened behind your back,
mainly by telling you before the open proceeds what is being tried and
giving you the ability to prevent it. Forcing use of some other disk
(or scratch area) instead is of course also possible, selectively.
The problem of things like cookies being left around without explicit
permission (or other covert actions) would seem to be that there is no
basis for assuming that the app is doing any of this as the agent of
the person running the app. With EACF I can completely control this
sort of thing; native out-of-the-box VMS has some facilities for partial
control as well, which can be adequate. In doing so, they step outside
the normal paradigm of assuming the "subject" is the user.
I would contend that the "subject" should in fact be considered much more
complex than user ID. At minimum, use of a tuple containing userid,
program being run, location of user, privileges present, time of day,
and identifiers ("group memberships") would seem to be needed for serious efforts, so that "subject" has some relation to what actually
happens. The ability to treat certain actions as dynamically altering
security or integrity levels is important too.
Apps that leave files on your system without telling you are doing covert
functions; these should be treated with great suspicion.
So where are the critics of this? Does leaving such files constitute
unauthorized computer use? I would say so. Anyone see the marshals
coming to Netscape or Microsoft to haul anyone off to jail? Leaving
files around would seem to deserve INFORMED consent. Do we get it?
If your OS isn't as secure as VMS, maybe you want to think about this. ;-)
Everhart at gce.com

@_date: 1996-07-19 13:17:46
@_author: EVERHART@Arisia.GCE.Com 
@_subject: Opiated file systems 
I can set up a cryptodisk on a not necessarily contiguous file on
another cryptodisk; the software is free. The second cryptodisk
would appear to be just a binary file on the first; would it not
be an obscured filesystem? (The drivers have been given away for years
public domain for vms, vax or alpha, in source. My old rsx11d driver
was published similarly back in 1977 or 78.) In fact, though, the
containing file of a cryptodisk does not have to have any specific
name or location, and can be hidden away as though it were, say,
a sound file or something else among the rest of the system store.
Before someone comes demanding your keys, they first have to realize
that something might in fact be encrypted. My approach would be to have
lots of these obscured cryptodisks for the stuff I wanted private,
if I wanted to hide a lot, and have the usual assortment of cleartext
stuff of all sorts lying around. The default operation mode forgets
the keys automatically once you log off...or even at dismount. If you're stuck with a whole partition being hidden, this is harder to
do. When any file of over a few kb can be a separate filestructure
when the proper magic is applied, locating the keys can be impossible.

@_date: 1996-07-21 09:28:08
@_author: EVERHART@Arisia.GCE.Com 
@_subject: Info War 
If the government should happen to be serious about wanting to prevent
some possible info war scenarios, one might expect a number of things
to be seen.
* I'd expect that there would be at least some statements about the
unwisdom of standardizing on MS operating systems or unix versions
which have little or no security, building an infrastructure with security
holes one can drive a truck through.
* I'd also expect that the anti-crypto campaign to be at least scaled WAY
down, so as to encourage more open use of crypto components in security
solutions. (Crypto won't help if your OS comes with a backdoor that allows
anyone on the Internet to get r/w access to your disks...this has been
reported to me in all Microsoft OSs they currently have, though with NT
it's under certain common but not completely ubiquitous circumstances. The
others are wide WIDE open. Other bugs doubtless exist.
* I'd expect some comments on the automatic running of downloaded images
and how to secure them. Java? Reported at Princeton to be totally unsecurable....no models exist. I believe you can run the thing securely,
but by having some security in its environment., I'd expect a lot more
about what is needed, and where it can be found, encouraging development
of such features.
If on the other hand this is a ploy to justify violating people's privacy
and in fact is not concerned with improving our posture, I would expect
more Clipper chips, etc., and nothing seriously beneficial. (I consider
that freedom of speech & the press means that I can choose not only what
to say, but how to say it. If I use a language (crypto) that is hard
for some not spoken to to understand, I regard this as an essential part
of the freedom. Last I looked, this is still written.
(BTW, if you think that the Supreme Court is supposed to be the
arbiter of constitutionality, your reading of Marbury vs. Madison
is seriously flawed. Congress and the President (& other federal
employees) take an oath of office and are supposed to be deciding
that what they do is Constitutional before doing it. Alas that
they generally don't take this seriously...)
We'll see what actually happens. I'd like to hope for the real effort
to avoid problems. I fear we will get the bogus one, suitable for control
freaks but not useful ultimately in dealing with the threats.
Glenn Everhart
