
@_date: 2011-12-29 18:11:20
@_author: Evgeny Morozov 
@_subject: [liberationtech] IGP Blog :: Technology as symbol: Is 
My problems with Milton Mueller's argument are manifold:
1. I'd argue there is no "budding movement" engaged in "resistance" to
"surveillance technology"; Mueller is attacking strawmen here. There are a)
reporters who are interested in how and why some Western companies keep
breaking the export laws (would we prefer them not to report on such stuff,
even if the laws are stupid?) b) technology activists who oppose much of
this technology in principle, regardless of whether it's used in
democracies or autocracies c) politicians, NGOs and activists - many of
them dedicated to a particular issue (e.g., free speech or corporate social
responsibility) or country (e.g. Iran) who see surveillance trade as an
opportunity to advance their own agenda and attract media attention to
whatever cause they are fighting.  Yes, there are moments when agendas of
all these groups overlap but to treat this as a movement that somehow aims
to ban these tools instead of addressing foreign policy issues to me seems
unfair. Yes, there is always a danger of succumbing to techno-fetishism, of
assuming that "fixing internet freedom agenda" = "fixing freedom agenda"
(didn't someone write a book about it?) but I'm yet to see anyone involved
with surveillance trade posit anything along these lines. As has already
been pointed out on this list, people who actually go to these fairs and
get us all these wonderful corporate brochures are on the record as fierce
critics US foreign policy (which may explain their occasional travel
problems!). I also think it's a bit misguided to expect people concerned
with CSR and making sure that tech companies behave ethically to switch
careers midstream and become critics of US foreign policy; these are not
mutually exclusive pursuits but I don't know why we should deny validity to
one of them.
2. I think that Mueller himself misdirects his anger; the root of the
problem is in US domestic policy towards surveillance, it's not in its
foreign policy. But to backtrack a bit: the technologies that are up for
export go far beyond DPI (see this list by Bugged Plant -
 Many of them are
actually single purpose, despite all the hot rhetoric on this list - and
yes, many of them do look like weapons to me. (Well, some are in theory
dual purpose if you count fighting terrorism from, say, Saudi Arabia or
Tehran a valid government activity). So if one really wants to do something
about them, one has to inquire about why there is demand for such tools
among Western law enforcement agencies, how it all ties to FBI's Going Dark
problem, FBI's plans for CALEA-2, and so forth. (I touched upon some of
these issues in my keynote at 28C3 two days ago). To imagine that we can
kill the market in these tools if we can only straighten the US policy on
Saudi Arabia (good luck on that front) seems naive to me. I'll concede that
the media coverage did not get into the domestic angle - but it's an
opportunity for the future. Media-wise, the big task ahead is to actually
making local media - newspapers in Italy, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Israel,
etc - excited about this narrative, so that they can chase both local
suppliers and the extent to which these companies first came into being
thanks to domestic demand.
3. I take issue with the anti-regulation skepticism  (defeatism?) expressed
both by Mueller and others on this list. Yes, some sanctions are too broad
and they end up hurting ordinary uses but it's not a given that ordinary
users will be hurt if the new sanctions are kept narrow and target
individual companies and actually learn from the unintended consequences of
earlier rounds of sanctions on Syria and Iran. No one is arguing that
sanctions will solve the problem; they will only raise the costs (btw, this
WaPo articlequotes
a State Department rep saying exactly this - no one is starry-eyed
about the effectiveness of sanctions). Likewise, I am not fully convinced
that requiring tech companies to a) verify where their gear is used b) turn
it off if it's used in Syria or Iran or Country X is such a terrible idea.
What's the argument against? That a bunch of hackers will break into, say,
Jordan's censorship system and turn off the country's Internet filtering
system remotely? Well, great - let's celebrate. Similarly, I don't think
that requiring Western tech companies to verify that the gear they sell is
used in the countries where it's been shipped to (by checking IP addresses,
for example) somehow constitutes pervasive surveillance. And even if it
does, what's so bad about watching a bunch of authoritarian governments? I
understand that Mueller's cyberlibertarian philosophy does not allow for
any censorship or surveillance, no matter how beneficial, but I'm not sold
on this in the context of tools sold to dictators.
4. I'll be the first to acknowledge that some of the media reports on
surveillance trade have been a) populist and anti-corporatist b)
technologically illiterate (DPI in Israel was a good example of this) c)
lazy (Bloomberg, in particular, has a soft spot for quoting the same set of
people). And yet compared where we were in 2010 or 2009 - with all the
silly reporting about "Twitter Revolutions" in Iran - that's still a sea
change (for the better) in media coverage. Next frontier for Bloomberg, WSJ
and others is to make a more explicit connection to why these tools are
made in the first place, thus linking foreign policy to very mundane issues
of domestic surveillance.
So those are just a few of my problems with Mueller's argument.
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-11-29 19:42:14
@_author: Evgeny Morozov 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Not another Haystack right? 
I was intrigued by two issues on this thread:
1) Brian Conley's question about why BBG's support to Tor does not seem to
undermine Tor.
2) Jillian York's statement that the Berkman Center has only received
funding for research, which, pushed one step further, means that research
of circumvention tools is somehow inconsequential to the broader debate
about USG's support of such tools.
To Brian's question: I'm also very intrigued by this. The common
explanation that I heard many times is that Tor was conceived as a tool for
protecting one's online anonymity , not for circumventing government
censorship; the latter was something that users discovered and embraced on
their own. While I found this explanation plausible in the past, I'm no
longer sure I can buy it without some further evidence. Were Tor's
developers really that narrow-minded as not to understand that the tool can
also be used for circumventing censorship? We are talking some of the
smartest guys out there - and they couldn't anticipate it? Something here
doesn't compute. Or was the anonymity talk just a strategic rhetorical
device to deflect attention from the intended use? I haven't read all
the relevant mailing lists and am just articulating common wisdom so it
would be good if some people who have been involved with Tor for a long
time would comment.
Secondly, there is another common explanation for Tor's resilience: the
fact that instead of going after a particular country, they try to be
comprehensive and guard against any threats to users' online anonymity
regardless of their location (this is obviously my understanding - please
correct if I don't get it right). By this logic, tools that take USG
funding and go after a particular country (as, say, Haystack did) make
themselves vulnerable to certain conspiracy theories. But this argument,
too, doesn't convince me anymore now that Iran has been going after Tor
quite systematically and the Tor team have been modifying their product to
ensure it works there. My question is: for how long can Tor continue being
seen as neutral and not targeting country X if so much of their resources
is spent on making sure their tool works in country X?
As for Jillian's assertion that research of circumvention tools is somehow
conceptually and ethically different from tool-building or training, well,
allow me to disagree. One doesn't need to get in bed with Foucault to grasp
that a detailed study of circumvention tools - e.g. ranking of their
security features and their choice of tools that they won't study or
speculate upon (hello, Haystack!) - is not only performative but is also
intricately implicated in the *production *of those very tools (and I'm
using the word production here rather loosely).
Are we really naive enough to believe that a "Tool X, as certified by
Harvard University" is the same as a "Tool X, as certified by The State
University of Ubeki-beki-beki-beki-stan-stan"? I'd venture that, all things
being equal, a tool that is funded by USG and endorsed by Harvard is likely
to be less suspicious (to local users) than a tool that is funded by USG
and not endorsed by anyone. (There are, exceptions, of course). So I'd
rather not spare the well-meaning researchers the scrutiny deserve
Please note that this is not some meta-point about the ethics of taking
(and offering) USG money to activists and NGOs; my views on this quite
complex. It's simply an expression of my continued besument at some folks
at the Berkman Center who keep pretending that none of this matters and
that "they are only here to help".
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-02-19 10:41:38
@_author: Evgeny Morozov 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Assange's claim about Tor losing US government 
Those of you who've read Assange's recent interview with The Rolling
have noticed this claim (in response to a question about forms of
pressure that US government exerted on WikiLeaks and their supporters):
The Tor Project, which protects people around the world from being spied on
I was a bit puzzled by it. So were people at
who asked Tor about it. Here is what Andrew Lewman (who's on this list)
wrote to them:
I read this statement as well. It is news to me that we were penalized
for Jacob. Maybe wikileaks has unreleased information from one of our
USG funders. If so, they should publish it for all to review.
Now, Andrew's statement is carefully worded, i.e. it does allow for the
possibility that Tor lost the USG money but they think it was not
So it would be good to know whether a) Tor did lose some or all of USG
support between late 2010 and early 2012? and b) there is any evidence to
link this to WL, as Assange did?
Whatever the motivation, USG cutting support to circumvention tools is a
big news item all in itself, regardless of the link to Assange. I wonder
why it wasn't more widely reported, if true - perhaps, by Tor project
itself?-  because ultimately this would all be visible on Tor's financial
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
