
@_date: 1996-08-06 22:47:39
@_author: Erik E. Fair (Time Keeper 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
Just FYI, there is at least one other full-time Apple employee on this list.
The previous digital signature stuff from Apple was part of PowerTalk, our
own attempt to do an E-mail system as part of the base OS. We licensed the
crypto stuff from RSA (as did Lotus and a bunch of others at about the same
time). PowerTalk had good goals (full digital signatures, encrypted mail,
etc), but an exceedingly bad plan for getting there (completely proprietary
file formats and protocols, and incompletely fleshed out APIs for getting
at them).
Needless to say, it was a flop in the market, and we've let everyone know
that we've stopped development of it. Fortunately, we still have that RSA
license, and we may yet be able to do something useful with it before
either the license or the patent expires. I keep pressing people about
these issues when I get the chance, internally.
I haven't made any of the face-to-face meetings of the Cypherpunks because
I have been busy frying other fish since I got on the list. I post from
this odd return address because I prefer to use my private system and
domain for cypherpunks. At work, I'm
        Erik E. Fair         Apple Research Labs (nee Advanced Technology Group)

@_date: 1996-08-13 13:50:22
@_author: Erik E. Fair (Time Keeper 
@_subject: "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches 
I wonder how well the imager works through mylar or gold lame' clothing (or
other high-metal content clothing)?
        curious,
        Erik

@_date: 1996-08-21 06:22:09
@_author: Erik E. Fair (Time Keeper 
@_subject: Securing Internet mail at the MTA level 
SSH, while a quite useful tool, is not the right long-term solution for
transport layer security - IP security is.
It's also clear to me that for E-mail, you don't want transport level
security for the system; you want "object" security, that is, digital
signature and encryption of the mail message. That way, no matter how many
MTAs the message passes through (and pretty much regardless of how
trustworthy they are) you have end-to-end authentication, integrity and
        Erik Fair

@_date: 1996-08-21 08:52:55
@_author: Erik E. Fair (Timekeeper 
@_subject: Securing Internet mail at the MTA level 
While I agree in general, I think I'd rather see effort spent on
getting everyone on message security first, and worry about traffic
analysis later. My fear is that, having attempted (since it's unlikely
we'll ever manage to get 100%) to secure the transport, people will
stop worrying about message security, and let that slide.
To put it another way, the first order of business is to prevent
everyone from reading the mails. We can afford to worry about second
order effects like traffic analysis after message security is well
under way (say, 50% of all nominally private message traffic is
Or, put it yet another way: time for everyone to host a PGP key
signing party for your friends, neighbors, and co-workers!
