
@_date: 2005-10-28 19:19:25
@_author: Gus Noble 
@_subject: Do You Love Low-Priced St0cks? 
Gulf Biomedical Corp (GBIC)
Current Price $0.63
Is this an Undiscovered  Gem that is Positioned to Go Higher? Pleasee R e a d the Following Announcement in its Entirety and Consider the Possibilities... Watch This One Trade FRIDAY!
Breaking News!!
Oct. 27, 2005--Gulf Biomedical Corporation (GBIC) is pleased to announce the formulation of their anti-depression product is moving ahead of schedule. Management anticipates this new product to hit the market in early November. The product will be sold and marketed underneath a new name which will replace the former projected name "MoodMagic". One of the ingredients in our product to be named shortly is St. John's Wort, or Hypericum perforatum. Over 25 double blind controlled trials have demonstrated that the herb possesses strong healing properties similar to those of popular pharmaceutical drugs Prozac, Paxil and Zoloft. Unlike these well known drugs, Gulf Biomedical has been able to combine compounds which are virtually a|| n at tura| and contain no known side-effect. Scientists believe St. John's Wort acts as an inhibitor of serotonin reuptake. Even conservative members of the medical profession now recognize the effectiveness of many herbal treatments. Don West, President of Gulf Biomedical stated, "Millions of people suffer from depression everyday and face the unfortunate side-effects of drugs. Our a|| n at tura| no known side-effect product will be specially designed to help restore the normal optimistic view on life for the general public." Mr. West further stated "We will continue to create and release a|| n at tura| remedy products through out 2005 and 2006 with the anticipation of global manufacturing and distribution. These products will help drive in month to month residual revenues". The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is GBIC Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade Wednesday! Go GBIC.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors.  This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.  If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to
