
@_date: 2001-01-04 08:21:17
@_author: Fenton420@hotmail.com 
@_subject: Get Paid Just to Get E-Mail! 
Dear cypherpunks ,
Get Paid To GET E-mail!
	
using the Internet.  I'm sure you're used to receiving SPAM, those annoying advertisements that you didn't want for items that you would never want. Well, how would you like to be PAID for simply receiving e-mail advertisements?  Sound to good to be true?  Trust me, this is an opportunity you don't want to miss.
targeted e-mails.  Advertisers pay them to send the ads and they pay you to read them.  This is completely FREE, you don't spend any money at any time.  Most of these programs simply send the e-mail, you click on a link included in the message and your account is credited.  You don't even need to read the ad if you don't want to.  As an added benefit, most of these companies will ask you what you're interested in, so you receive ads of interest to you.
purpose, so you don't clutter your existing account.  It only takes a few minutes a day to get through all the ads sent to you.  The payout rates may seem small for these companies, but to really make money out of this opportunity, there is one more step.  These companies will not only pay you to receive e-mail, they also pay you when someone you refer receives their advertisements.  The key is referring as many people as possible.  This may seem difficult, but most of the work has already been done for you.  address of a web site to send potential referrals to.  When anyone signs up using your site address, your account is credited every time they receive an advertisement.   Simply copy this e-
mail, then either include a section with all your referral addresses or, if you know how to, build a small website with the addresses on it, like I did.  Then send this e-mail out to those you think will appreciate a good money making opportunity.  How ever you choose to do it, generate as many referrals as possible.  This is the key to making real money.  You get out of these programs what you put into them.
then a table that has the program names, the amount of money you get per e-mail, the amount of money you get when a referral gets e-mail, the minimum balance that your account must be at before you receive a check and how often checks are sent.  Simply click on each program name to go to the site to sign-up, sign-up for the programs and you will receive your unique referring address in your e-mail, then start referring.  Don't forget to keep clicking on the links to credit your account in each advertisement.  This is not a scam or a get-rich-quick scheme.  This is a real opportunity that only takes a little effort and WILL put some extra cash in your pocket.  You've got absolutely nothing to lose, so just give it a try.  Best of luck referring! Get Paid To GET E-mail!
This message is not spam.  It is sent in compliance of the new email bill HR 1910 Under Bill HR 1910 passed by the 106th US Congress on May 24, 1999, this message cannot be considered Spam as long as we included the way to be removed. Per Section HR 1910.You are receiving this email because your name was given to me as someone interested in money-making opportunities. If you wish to be removed, please simply send an e-mail with REMOVE as the subject to Fenton420 at themail.com.  Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.  :-)
