
@_date: 2012-08-12 20:46:10
@_author: Gary Mulder 
@_subject: [ZS] Gauss Cyber Espionage Threat Targets Banking Info 
Gauss joins the ranks of Stuxnet, Duqu, and Flame as an apparently
state-sponsored tool ofcyber espionage. This latest threat appears to
be built from the same code foundation as Flame, and specifically
targets bank credentials and financial data.

@_date: 2012-08-14 14:25:01
@_author: Gary Mulder 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin @ $1000 - unlikely any time soon 
Some pondering:
I've been thinking about the recent super-bull market in BTC. Let's assume
for a moment that BTC goes to $1000. That would mean with around 10M BTC
issued, the Bitcoin economy would be the $10B in size. That is a
very sizeable and noticeable event that governments would likely start to
take notice and act, similar to Wikileaks, Piratebay, etc. Remember,
Bitcoins compete directly against central banks' monopoly as a
currency issuer, which is the most powerful financial tool all governments
use manipulate their fiat currency and economies.
Any major governmental reaction and the resulting negative publicity and
loss of confidence would likely knock back the price of
BTC significantly. Therefore it is unlikely under the present governmental
and financial conditions that we'll ever see BTC at $1000, or at least not
for long. It is much more likely that the for either dying lack of interest
in Bitcoin or way too much of the wrong interest the price of BTC will
hover a bit above the marginal cost to mine BTC at best.
So what is the marginal cost of mining Bitcoin? At 50BTC per block mined it
was estimated to be $3-4 about 6 months ago, depending on the
local electricity costs of running GPUs. The difficulty has increased by
about 30%, and the rate of Bitcoin mining will halve to 25BTC/block in
about November 2012. I don't think fees make up any significant amount of
mining profits, yet. The major destabilising unknown is the marginal cost
of mining using FPGAs. It would be very interesting to determine the ratio
of GPU to FPGA miners. Let's however assume the worst case GPU costing, and
we get a marginal cost of around $8 to mine a BTC. This doesn't
include the capital costs of buying, maintaining, and housing the GPUs or
FPGAs. It looks like people are paying a 50% premium at the current price
of $12/BTC.
Your thoughts?

@_date: 2012-12-17 15:23:40
@_author: Gary Mulder 
@_subject: [ZS] Two criticisms of ZS, and solutions... 
However, a BTC address can be used as a unique, distributed, verifiable,
but still semi-anonymous identity. I just read the following interesting
blog post which also looks at trust and reputation online:

@_date: 2012-07-01 16:10:19
@_author: Gary Mulder 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Bitcoin, Empire of void* 
My Google Galaxy Nexus already has NFC, and being 6 months old is close to
obsolete. It is very likely the next iPhone will support NFC as well.
Not even considering the future possibilities of Bitcoin, it is fairly
clear that everything in your wallet, credit cards, photo id (retina or
thumb scans using your phone's camera, anyone?), tickets,  cash, etc. will
be integrated into your smartphone within the next 5-10 years.
Peer to peer decentralisation  and strong encryption is the way to keep big
brother out of all of it.

@_date: 2012-03-21 16:19:28
@_author: Gary Mulder 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin Seeks New Life In Africa 
Are there any bitcoin exchanges that take PayPal or credit/debit cards?
One key feature of Bitcoin is that a transaction is non-revocable. Once you
send Bitcoins to a Bitcoin wallet address, the Bitcoins are irrevocably
sent.  PayPal supports charge backs, so someone who buys Bitcoins could
then file a charge back request with PayPal and get PayPal to refund his
payment. Therefore nobody accepts PayPal for Bitcoin purchases. Credit
cards also have identical issues. Also, get the destination Bitcoin address
wrong and the Bitcoins sent can never be recovered by anyone.
If you want to confirm GBP into Bitcoins you need to use a Bitcoin
exchange. The guys at  accept SEPA and bank
transfers to their Lloyds TSB account. The funds usually show up in your
exchange account around 1 business day later. I know the guys running
Intersango, and they are legit. and are based in London and Poland. Having
said that they've had to change from HSBC to Lloyds as HSBC was giving them
a lot of problems, so don't make any large deposits.
 the other large exchange which is based in
France and Japan. The major
weakness in Bitcoin are the exchanges, as they're they interface between
normal currencies and the Bitcoin ecosystem, and so suffer all the problems
and risks of both systems, i.e. regulation, security, and technical issues.
Caveat emptor - this is the Wild Wild West of currency.

@_date: 2012-10-01 16:39:17
@_author: Gary Mulder 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin - A Means for Redistribution of Wealth 
I sent this to the resident Pirate Party UK economist:
Hi Harry,
foreseeable need to ever use Bitcoins. Given that there are no charge-backs
and therefore absolutely no financial protection (caveat emptor), it is
unlikely it will be adopted by the mainstream for the majority of
transactions any time soon. For obvious reasons even I *currently *trust my
debit card more than my Bitcoin wallet. Of course the same could have been
said about making secure purchases online in the 90's.
electricity costs expended to "mine" Bitcoins. The secure Bitcoin
transaction system is designed around a form of decentralised digital
signing of Bitcoin transactions through this Bitcoin mining operation. The
payment for mining is currently 50BTC per block of transactions
successfully signed. This Bitcoin inflation will half in about a month to
25BTC per block, and continue to reduce in the rate of inflation until 21M
Bitcoins are mined in 2020, or so. After all Bitcoins have been mined the
financial reward for mining will be very small per transaction fees, but
potentially still significant per block.
Due to this distributed digital backing there is no way to link issued
Bitcoins to a commodity such as gold, which would require some form of
centralised repository like GoldMoney.com. Another way to think of it is
that everyone who mines Bitcoins is part of the "decentral bank of
Bitcoin". I understand that most Austrian economists don't like Bitcoin, as
Austrian definitions of money require it to originate as a commodity. In my
not so humble opinion this is a philosophical economic question, as there
are things you can conveniently buy with Bitcoins that you can not buy with
gold, cash, or credit cards. However, for now the primary driver of Bitcoin
adoption is the black market and speculation.
Many Bitcoin enthusiasts currently range in attitudes from garden variety
nerds (like myself) to crypto-anarchists and anarcho-capitalists. This
group likely includes Assange, the various members of Anonymous, and quite
possibly the guy who fixed the problem that caused NatWest customers unable
to access their bank accounts for a week. Plenty of them are Pirates too as
both Bittorrent and Bitcoin have much in common both philosophically and
technically. The majority of enthusiasts are however very naive about
economics and the realities of politics.
I guess history will decide whether it will be evolution or revolution of
the current system. I read enough contrarian commentary on the state of the
world economy to wonder when the current experiment with fiat currencies
will end, and I don't expect the end to be evolutionary. The UK was quite
graceful in its relinquishment of empire. The USA is unlikely to follow:
