
@_date: 1998-01-11 08:43:47
@_author: Gary Harland 
@_subject: Nervous Nellies at the PO 
Came across this by chance...having never heard of this 'disgruntled'
web site, I'm curious as to how the PO managed to learn about the
offending story...if they fired him because of an explicity fictional
article expressing a fantasy shared by vast hordes of Americans then
it kind of looks like the Post Office 'went postal' on one of their

@_date: 1998-01-25 13:08:34
@_author: Gary Harland 
@_subject: Uncle Sam's Sticky Fingers 
For a general run-down on just how much of your privacy the Feds have
access to, take a look at the GAO's Investigator's Guide to Sources of
Information ( It's under 'Special Publications and
Photocopies of any postal money orders you've bought? Your Amtrak train
reservation history? Uncle Sam's got sticky fingers baby! He doesn't
throw anything away.

@_date: 1998-01-27 11:36:21
@_author: Gary Harland 
@_subject: Latest Clinton Dodge? 
It seems to be some sort of 'southern thing'. Of course a good Catholic
boy from Detroit would never swallow (opps!) a sleezy end-run around
the moral goal-posts of life like that. I can think of no better authority
to invoke than Kinky Friedman, the immortal bard of Kerrville, Texas and
notorious ring-leader of the band known as "The Texas Jewboys" ( famous
for such country & western hits as "They Don't Make Jews Like Jesus
Anymore", "I'm Proud To Be An Asshole From El Paso", "The Ballad of Charles
Whitman", and many others - all available on his recently released CD).
Hit it Kinky!...
  Waitret, Please, Waitret
  (Kinky Friedman, Major Boles, Roscoe West)
   Well, I pulled into Dallat on a cold December day
   Bought coffee and a doughnut at the Greasy Spoon Cafe,
   Spied me a pretty young waitret standing by her tray,
   But she couldnt believe her sweet young ears when the waitret heard me
   say:
   Oh, waitret, please, waitret, come sit down on my fate,
   Eatin aint cheatin, Lord it aint no disgrace.
   Oh, bring me a Lone Star, make it, make it a case
   Waitret, please, waitret, come sit down on my fate.
   Well, I walked up to the jukebox feeling kind of mean,
   The waitret said, Hey, stupid, thats a, thats a cigarette machine!
   Well, look-a here, young waitret, would you care to make a bet,
   And if that there aint a jukebox, you can smoke my cigarette!
   Oh, waitret, please, waitret, come sit down on my fate,
   Eatin aint cheatin, Lord it aint no disgrace.
   Oh, bring me a Lone Star, make it, make it a case
   And waitret, please, waitret, come sit down on my fate.
   Youre the prettiest thing in Dallat, is Dallat your home ?
   No, I come all the way from Houton and I feel so all alone.
   I used to live in Autin then I moved up to big D
   In hopes to get my big break on national TV.
   Oh, waitret, please, waitret, come sit down on my fate,
   Eatin aint cheatin, Lord it aint no disgrace.
   Oh, bring me a Lone Star, make it, make it a case
   Waitret, waitret, waitret, waitret, sit down on my fate.
It's even funnier with the music of course. Kinky Friedman
( was kind of a 70's cult figure.
He now writes mystery novels. According to Willie Nelson, ...the best whodunit writer to come along since Dashiell
What's-his-name." As for Clinton, what can I say? What a pathetic, third-rate
dickhead. Somebody flush the White House. It's starting to

@_date: 1998-01-31 15:17:08
@_author: Gary Harland 
@_subject: County Mounties Spit on the 4th Amendment 
The Washington Post reported Jan. 30th that Prince George County (where dat?) police are collecting spit and fingerprints, not only from every suspect they interview in connection with the rape and murder of a nurse-
administrator, but also from all 400 male hospital employees at the hospital the victim formerly worked at.
The spit's for DNA testing and the fingerprints are just for the helluva
it I guess.
It's just a request mind you. If you refuse, you won't necessarily be con-
sidered a suspect but the information you supply 'would certainly be under
scrutiny' according to the Chief Thug of Prince George County.
Oh! The 4th amendment? That dusty old thing? When the scumbags are kicking
in your door which would you rather have protecting you: a raggedy old
piece of paper or a Prince George County Mountie SWAT team in full ninja
dress and the latest high-tech law-enforcement goodies? Thought so. Cup's
at the end of the counter comrade. Have a nice day.

@_date: 1998-01-31 15:17:18
@_author: Gary Harland 
@_subject: RIP, Carl Gorman, Code Talker 
Mr. Carl Gorman, one of the few remaining Navajo 'Code-Talkers' of WWII fame, died yesterday of cancer at the age of 90. Along with
his fellow Navajo, he encrypted military voice communication by using his native language over the radio in the Great American Imperialist Struggle against the Great Japanese Imperialist
Just a few thoughts:
- when asked why he helped America after all the abuse he took growing up as a Navajo, he basically said (my interpretation
here) he was fighting to protect the Navajo, not particularily
America, from the Japanese. A geographical dilemma.
- aside from the NSA sucking up everything in sight relating to
languages, doesn't Chomsky's theoretical 'Universal Syntax' (all
human languages have an identical fundamental syntax) negate the effectiveness of the Code-Talker approach in the long run? - on the other hand, the lovely ambiguities of natural language
would seem to be capable of effectively obscuring the meaning of
the message even if the plaintext were revealed. For example,
President Clinton's reference to 'blowjobs' not actually being
a sexual act. While the President is innocently asking a normal
person to provide him with a urgently needed act of personal hygiene, that person mistakingly would be thinking he wants oral sex. An effective obscuration of the Prez's message.
- now-a-days of course, if the shoe were on the other foot, the
Navy's NOSS satellite constellations would trianglate on the
radio signal and feed the coordinates to one of the TDRS sat-
ellites to target the crusie missles we just launched, effectively
ending the conversation prematurely without regard to syntax. [Sexy Hi-Tech Option]. Using radio for passing encrypted comm
seems to require a few non-traditional approaches. For example,
using a repeater system that would present the NOSS satellites
and any RDF equipment in the neighborhood with 'a thousand
points of...' RF energy - the 'needle-in-the-haystack' approach. The source would be difficult to find amongst its
many (presumedly cheap) clones.
Oh well. Good bye Carl. Thanks for the help. Sorry we were such
jerks. On the bright side - we're such third-rate fuckups it's
a sure thing the Navajo will out-live us if they just hang in
there a little bit longer. Your living to 90 was a fine example. Survival is always the best revenge.

@_date: 1998-02-01 13:31:47
@_author: Gary Harland 
@_subject: RIP, Carl Gorman, Code Talker 
Tim May responded on Sat. January 31, 1998....
 >>- aside from the NSA sucking up everything in sight relating to
 >>languages, doesn't Chomsky's theoretical 'Universal Syntax' (all
 >>human languages have an identical fundamental syntax) negate the
 >>effectiveness of the Code-Talker approach in the long run?
 >>   >  "All crypto is economics." One doesn't have to jump to theoretical
 >  mumbo
 >  jumbo about a putative "identical fundamental syntax" to know that the
 >   Navajo code talkers were not using an unbreakable system.
