
@_date: 2011-12-13 15:40:27
@_author: Fouad Bajwa 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Has anyone heard about this? 
Here is a face to this discussion: We have a bit of coordination with playful minds at my end to. We
actually evolved a culture of hacking in Pakistan during the last
decade and this involved a lot of grassroots efforts:
I have spent a few hours occasionally with various groups around the
world. The latest was with the Hackerspace in Budapest
 it was a wonderful experience. In the past I was also
part of various efforts to educate activists, journalists, developers
from nearly 40 countries to design advocacy campaigns using open
technology. I also got the opportunity to lecture during my visit to
Central European University in June this year on how to design online
advocacy campaigns using simplistic open source tools.
On the other hand, I have been working with multilateral institutions
to impart Linux and FOSS knowledge in developing countries since 2004.
I just completed two training missions to Kabul Afghanistan and
Islamabad training trainers using Ubuntu Desktop, Ubuntu Server, other
distributions, Open Standards, Open ICT Ecosystem, various tool kits
and shared the opportunity in sustaining Freedom and Common Good
offered by Open Source! I covered 35 participants/trainers from 10
organizations, govt departments, regulators and universities. Here are
pictures from Kabul and the guy in black is you know who:
I sustain the Ubuntu Linux LoCo Team for Pakistan since 2004. Here is
the link to it:
I very much have access to people and communities, one thing we lack
is access to a physical space and lots of internet but lacking funds
remains the only issue. I have funded myself nearly 10 events,
campaigns, 50,000 live cds etc but its hard to sustain the effort
especially in the conditions like my region but yes, the effort has
been here on the ground for quite some time now.
In the west, there are just so many small and easy ways to raise funds
through sites like  and Kiva and so forth. Its
not the case in regions like Pakistan. Only single faces have access
to support from a particular class. We on the other hand contribute on
our own as much as we can and the efforts do move on.
I take you advice and will stay in touch.
