
@_date: 2012-08-06 22:19:44
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
Hey guys,
   I appreciate the importance and depth of this discussion. But I also
   wish to underscore that most of the people who are at risk are not
   using any tools whether they be CrytoCat, PGP, GChat or others for the
   simple reason that they either cannot figure them out, or don't have
   time to figure them out, or both. And I am talking about people at risk
   in many different nations.
   No doubt the functional security of tools is an indispensable,
   essential concern. Ignoring any vulnerabilities is dangerous, indeed.
   But the usability of the same tools and making them accessible to
   non-technologists is just as big a concern, in my view. I know you guys
   think that many such users including Western journalists are simply
   lazy. But many, if not most of the available tools are simply not
   intuitive, or not as much as most technologists who already know how to
   use them seem to think.
   How many people on this list have spent time asking non-technologists
   and other users who have tried, but have since given up even trying to
   use tools like PGP? Or have examined how new users interact with such
   tools? I have a great deal of respect for this community. But to be
   honest it seems to me that neither the technologists nor the donors
   have spent much time asking such questions.
   If a novice user make a mistake in PGP, for example, it's over. Options
   are not intuitive if you don't already know them. And if you hit the
   wrong button, you can end up at a deadend with no guidance how to get
   back on track. Trust me. I know. And I am not trashing PGP. I know well
   and fully appreciate it's value and I have used it and continue to use
   it hostile environments. And I also know that users and only users can
   make crucial choices during use for their own security. I get that,
   too. But most digital security tools still do not do a good job of
   laying out, let alone explaining the options. And I say that with
   respect for the value of the tools and options themselves.
   Cryptocat is one of the most user-friendly tools out there, and I think
   Nadim deserves credit for the effort. Of course, the vulnerabilities
   must be fixed before anyone should use it in a hostile environment.
   Although the level of vulnerability might also depend on the nature of
   the threat in any particular environment. But I also think we need to
   spend as much time making tools accessible as we do making them secure
   if we are going to reach the people who really need them. And right now
   few if any of these tools are having the reach that we all agree is
   needed. And that is an issue largely of usability.
   I think with more constructive collaboration we would achieve both. We
   need to. Thanks.
   Best, Frank
   Frank Smyth
   Executive Director
   Global Journalist Security
   [1]frank at journalistsecurity.net
   Tel.  + 1 202 244 0717
   Cell  + 1 202 352 1736
   Twitter:     Website: [2]
   [3]PGP Public Key
   Please consider our Earth before printing this email.
   Confidentiality Notice: This email and any files transmitted with it
   are confidential. If you have received this email in error, please
   notify the sender and delete this message and any copies. If you are
   not the intended recipient, you are notified that disclosing, copying,
   distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this
   information is strictly prohibited.

@_date: 2012-12-04 14:13:23
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] NYT: For Syriabs Rebel Movement, Skype Is a Useful and Increasingly Dangerous Tool 
This piece from NYT over the weekend should be of interest here, and,
unless I missed it, I don't think it's been yet posted.
Excerpt: "If the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt were Twitter
Revolutions, then Syria is becoming the Skype Rebellion. To get around a
near-nationwide Internet shutdown, rebels have armed themselves with
mobile satellite phones and dial-up modems."
Quotes CL and EFF's Eva on risks. Main news here that sticks out for me
is that Syrian activists largely seem aware of the risks, yet many are
still using Skype due to a lack of alternatives.
For Syriabs Rebel Movement, Skype Is a Useful and Increasingly
Dangerous Tool
By AMY CHOZICK
Published: November 30, 2012
In a demonstration of their growing sophistication and organization,
Syrian rebels responded to a nationwide shutdown of the Internet by
turning to satellite technology to coordinate within the country and to
communicate with outside activists.
When Syriabs Internet service disappeared Thursday, government
officials first blamed rebel attacks. Activist groups blamed the
government and viewed the blackout as a sign that troops would violently
clamp down on rebels.
But having dealt with periodic outages for more than a year, the
opposition had anticipated a full shutdown of Syriabs Internet service
providers. To prepare, they have spent months smuggling communications
equipment like mobile handsets and portable satellite phones into the
bWebre very well equipped here,b said Albaraa Abdul Rahman, 27, an
activist in Saqba, a poor suburb 20 minutes outside Damascus. He said he
was in touch with an expert in Homs who helped connect his office and 10
others like it in and around Damascus.
Using the connection, the activists in Saqba talked to rebel fighters on
Skype and relayed to overseas activists details about clashes with
government forces. A video showed the rebelsb bare-bones room, four
battery backups that could power a laptop for eight hours and a
generator set up on a balcony.
For months, rebels fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad have
used Skype, a peer-to-peer Internet communication system, to organize
and talk to outside news organizations and activists. A few days ago,
Jad al-Yamani, an activist in Homs, sent a message to rebel fighters
that tanks were moving toward a government checkpoint.
He notified the other fighters so that they could go observe the
checkpoint. bThrough Skype you know how the army moves or can stop
it,b Mr. Yamani said.
On Friday, Dawoud Sleiman, 39, a member of the antigovernment Ahrar
al-Shamal Battalion, part of the Free Syrian Army, reached out to other
members of the rebel group. They were set up at the governmentbs Wadi
Aldaif military base in Idlib, a province near the Turkish border that
has seen heavy fighting, and connected to Skype via satellite Internet
Mr. Sleiman, who is based in Turkey, said the Free Syrian Army stopped
using cellphone networks and land lines months ago and instead relies
almost entirely on Skype. bBrigade members communicate through the
hand-held devices,b he said.
This week rebels posted an announcement via Skype that called for the
arrest of the head of intelligence in Idlib, who is accused of killing
five rebels. bA big financial prize will be offered to anyone who
brings the head of this guy,b the message read. bOne of our brothers
abroad has donated the cash.b
If the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt were Twitter Revolutions, then
Syria is becoming the Skype Rebellion. To get around a near-nationwide
Internet shutdown, rebels have armed themselves with mobile satellite
phones and dial-up modems.
In many cases, relatives and supporters living outside Syria bought the
equipment and had it smuggled in, mostly through Lebanon and Turkey.
That equipment has allowed the rebels to continue to communicate almost
entirely via Skype with little interruption, despite the blackout.
bHow the government used its weapons against the revolution, that is
how activists use Skype,b Mr. Abdul Rahman said.
bWe havenbt seen any interruption in the way Skype is being used,b
said David Clinch, an editorial director of Storyful, a group that
verifies social media posts for news organizations, including The New
York Times (Mr. Clinch has served as a consultant for Skype).
Mr. Assad, who once fashioned himself as a reformer and the father of
Syriabs Internet, has largely left the countrybs access intact
during the 20-month struggle with rebels. The government appeared to
abandon that strategy on Thursday, when most citizens lost access. Some
Syrians could still get online using service from Turkey. On Friday,
Syrian officials blamed technical problems for the cutoff.
The shutdown is only the latest tactic in the escalating technology war
waged in Arab Spring countries.
But several technology experts warned that the use of the Internet by
rebels in Syria, even those relying on Skype, could leave them
vulnerable to government surveillance.
Introduced in 2003, Skype encrypts each Internet call so that they are
next to impossible to crack. It quickly became the pet technology of
global organizers and opposition members in totalitarian countries. And
while Skypebs encryption secrets remain elusive, in recent months the
Assad government, often with help from Iran, has developed tools to
install malware on computers that allows officials to monitor a userbs
bSkype has gone from in the mid-2000s being the tool most widely used
and promoted by human rights activists to now when people ask me I say,
bDefinitely, donbt use it,b b said Ronald J. Deibert, director
of Citizen Lab, a research group at the University of Toronto that
monitors human rights and cybersecurity.
Using satellite phone service to connect makes Skype potentially more
dangerous since it makes it easier to track a userbs location, said
Eva Galperin of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil liberties
group in San Francisco.
The Syrian government has bgone from passive surveillance to more
active surveillance in which theybre gaining access to dissidentsb
and opposition membersb computers,b Ms. Galperin said.
The pro-government Syrian Electronic Army has largely led the response
to early cyberattacks by rebels and overseas sympathizers. At
checkpoints in government-controlled regions, Assad forces examined
laptops for programs that would allow users to bypass government
spyware, several activists said. In cafes where the Internet was
available, government officials checked usersb identification.
Rebels are starting to suspect that the governmentbs efforts are
paying off. A media activist in Idlib named Mohamed said a rebel
informant working for the government was killed in Damascus six months
ago after sending warnings to the Free Syrian Army on Skype.
bI saw this incident right in front of my eyes,b Mohamed said. bWe
put his info on Skype so he was arrested and killed.b
In August, an activist named Baraa al-Boushi was killed during shelling
in Damascus. Activists later circulated a report saying that a Saudi
Arabian claiming to support the revolution was actually a government
informant who determined Mr. Boushibs location after a long
conversation on Skype.
A Skype spokesman, Chaim Haas, said calls via the service between
computers, smartphones and other mobile devices are automatically
encrypted. But just like e-mail and instant messaging can be compromised
by spyware and Trojan horses, so can Skype.
bTheybre listening to the conversation before it gets encrypted,b
Mr. Haas said. bThat has nothing to do with Skype at all.b
Liam Stack contributed reporting from New York; Hala Droubi from Dubai,
United Arab Emirates; and Hwaida Saad from Beirut, Lebanon.
A version of this article appeared in print on December 1, 2012, on page
A12 of the New York edition with the headline: For Syriabs Rebel
Movement, Skype Is a Useful and Increasingly Dangerous Tool.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-13 13:10:02
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] SpyPhone: Pentagon Spooks Want New Tools for Mobile bExploitationb 
This piece is from Wired.
SpyPhone: Pentagon Spooks Want New Tools for Mobile bExploitationb
BY SPENCER ACKERMAN12.13.122:56 PM
A U.S. soldier takes a picture with his cellphone, December 2010. The
Pentagonbs spy corps is looking for better tools to collect and sift
through data from mobile devices. Photo: U.S. Army
The Pentagon wants to upgrade its spy corps. And one of its first jobs
will be finding out whatbs on your iPhone.
If the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) gets its way, itbll send an
expanded cadre of spies around the world to scope out threats to the
U.S. military. And it wonbt just be a larger spy team, itbll be a
geekier one. The DIA wants btechnical exploitationb tools that can
efficiently access the data of people the military believes to be
dangerous once their spies collect it.
Thatbs according to a request for information the DIA sent to industry
on Wednesday. The agency wants better gear for btriage and automation,
advanced technical exploitation of digital media, advanced areas of
mobile forensics, software reverse engineering, and hardware
exploitation, reverse engineering, and mobile applications development &
engineering.b If DIA runs across digitized information, in other
words, it wants to make rapid use of it.
One of the emphasized cases here is bcaptured/seized media.b Think,
for instance, of all the flash drives, hard drives and CDs that Navy
SEALs seized during the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. Flynn wants to
understand both the text theybd contain, through bautomation support
to enable rapid triage,b and their subtexts or metadata, using
bsteganographyb tools to decipher coded messages and bdeep
analysis of malicious code/executables.b And thatbs on top of
bdeep hardware exploitation of complex media with storage capacityb
and reverse-engineering tools bto discover firmware artifacts.b
As data goes mobile, in peoplebs pockets and backpacks, so goes the
DIAbs focus. The agency wants bcustom solutions that allo[w]
exploitation of mobile devicesb like cellphones and tablets bnot
commonly seen or devices not supported by commercial kits or tools.b
All this is part of an overhaul the DIA is experiencing under the new
leadership of Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn. Flynn spearheaded a similar
push when he was the chief intelligence officer for the Joint Special
Operations Command, pushing its operatives to focus as much on snatching
a dead terroristbs hard drive as on killing him in the first place. At
DIA, Flynnbs part of the creation of an enlarged spy corps called the
Defense Clandestine Service, which is supposed to work alongside the CIA
to cultivate networks of snitches. Itbs already meeting some
Internally, the DIA is heavily bureaucratic: About half of its 17,500
employees arenbt out in the dangerous parts of the world, theybre
based in and around Washington. Flynnbs hired six private security
contractors to train his employees in self-defense, rugged living and
other necessities of an expeditionary lifestyle, an effort worth $20
million. Just as substantially, Flynnbs congressional overseers are
dubious. The Senate version of next yearbs defense bill, approved last
week, prohibits the Pentagon from hiring any additional spies until it
can bdemonstrate that it can improve the management of clandestine
HUMINT,b a term for human intelligence.
But the technical exploitation tools DIA wants donbt have to wait for
any such demonstration. The current Defense spy corps can use them just
fine. And in keeping with Flynnbs history of rapidly pushing
information from the special operators who collect it to the analysts
who make sense of it, the wish list seeks tools to integrate all this
data binto local and national databasesb& and made readily available
to analysts from the tactical to national levels.b
If all of this sounds broad, that may be the point. The wide net DIA is
casting pertains to bcollection, transmission, prioritization,
analysis, and dissemination of collected/captured materiel, and advanced
technical exploitation tools application, configuration support, and
training functions to units worldwide.b Even if the Pentagon canbt
yet hire more spies, it can make the ones itbs already got much
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-17 10:49:33
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Forbes recommends tools for journalists 
If anyone here has any thoughts about the tools recommended in this
Forbes piece, please speak up. The piece gets specific with
recommendations form Ashkan Soltani, a technologist who I do not think
is on this list, about half way down. Again, any thoughts would be
welcome. Thank you! Frank
TECH | 12/07/2012 @ 1:33PM |24,858 views
Dear Journalists at Vice and Elsewhere, Here Are Some Simple Ways Not To
Get Your Source Arrested
You forgot to scrub the metadata, suckers.
Computer security millionaire John McAfeebs surreal flight from
Belizean law enforcement came to an end this week when he was detained
(and then hospitalized) in Guatemala, as has been widely reported. A
piece of the story that hasnbt been included in much of the reporting
is how authorities figured out that McAfee b who was wanted for
questioning in the shooting death of his neighbor b had fled Belize
for Guatemala. McAfeebs location was exposed after he agreed to let
two reporters from Vice Magazine tag along with him. Proud to finally be
in the thick of a story rife with vices b drugs, murder, prostitutes,
guns, vicious dogs, a fugitive millionaire and his inappropriately young
girlfriend b they proudly posted an iPhone photo to their blog of Vice
editor-in-chief Rocco Castoro standing with the source of the mayhem in
front of a jungly background, saying, bWe are with John McAfee right
now, suckers.b
With that posting, they went from chroniclers of vices to inadvertent
narcs. They left the metadata in the photo, revealing McAfeebs exact
location, down to latitude and longitude. McAfee tried to claim hebd
manipulated the data b a claim that Vice photographer backed up on
Facebook in a posting hebs since deleted b but then capitulated,
hired a lawyer, and tried to claim asylum in Guatemala. Guatemalan
authorities instead detained McAfee for entering the country illegally.
All of which was dutifully reported by the Vice reporters, with no
mention of their screw-up. Mat Honan at Wired excoriated Vice for its
role in events:
This was deeply stupid. People have been pointing out the dangers of
inadvertently leaving GPS tags in cellphone pictures for years and
years. Vice is the same publication that regularly drops in on
revolutions and all manner of criminals. They should have known better.
And they have the resources to do it better. Vice is a $100 million
Then, it followed up this egregiously stupid action with a far worse
one. Vice photographer Robert King apparently lied on his Facebook page
and Twitter in order to protect McAfee. Like McAfee, he claimed that the
geodata in the photo had been manipulated to conceal their true
location. b&
But the coverup, as always, is worse than the crime. In claiming the
geodata had been manipulated when it had not, Vice was no longer just
documenting. Now it was actively aiding a fugitive wanted for
questioning in the murder investigation of his neighbor Gregory Faull,
who was shot dead at his own home.
Via How Trusting In Vice Led To John McAfeebs Downfall b Wired.
It was indeed deeply stupid. Journalists are professional dealers in
information but many are terrible about protecting it. While willing to
go to jail to protect their sources, journalists may wind up leaving
them exposed instead through poor data practices. In a New York Times
editorial last year, Chris Soghoian, now chief technologist at the ACLU,
warned that bsecrets arenbt safe with journalistsb explaining that
b the safety of anonymous sources will depend not only on
journalistsb ethics, but on their computer skills.b
There are three very basic things journalists should be doing to shield
their sources:
Scrubbing metadata from photos, documents and other files.
Resisting the desire to save copies of everything.
Encrypting communications.
Technologist Ashkan Soltani walked me through some simple tools for
doing this. Theybre not foolproof, but theybll make it a little less
likely that your blog post will wind up sending the person youbre
profiling to jail (unless thatbs your intent).
1. Scrubbing metadata.
bAll files b photos, Word docs, PDFs b include some kind of
metadata: author, location created, device information,b says Soltani.
If you leave the metadata attached, you run the risk of exposing private
information about the person who gave you the file, or, in the case of
Vice, the location of the person trying to keep his location under
Before you share a Word doc with the world that a source sent you, run
it through a scrubber. Otherwise, it may reveal where the doc was
created, who authored it and anyone who has ever made changes to it.
Therebs Doc Scrubber for Microsoft Word.
For PDF docs, use a tool like Metadata Assistant. Or use Adobe
Acrobatbs bExamine Documentb tool which will scan the doc for
hidden information.
For photos, think about turning off geotagging on your phone or digital
camera so that the information doesnbt get included in the first
place. Youbll usually do that in your phonebs bLocation
Settings.b Instructions here.
You can run your photos through a metadata scrubber. Or, if you donbt
care much about the resolution, you can just take a screenshot of the
photo and use that metadata-free version.
Some photo-hosting services do you the favor of scrubbing metadata.
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram all have this privacy-protective measure
in place.
2. Resisting the desire to save copies of everything.
We live in a time when itbs easy to save everything, meaning webve
all become digital hoarders. Why delete an email or chat when you can
just archive it? It could come in handy later. Or it could come back to
bite you later.
bDisable chat logs in whatever program youbre using, Gmail or
Skype,b says Soltani. In Gmail, that means switching chats to boff
the record.b In Skype, it means turning off the feature that
automatically saves your chats to anywhere you log in. (Added privacy
bonus: That could keep your boss from winding up getting his hands on a
sexy chat you had on your home computer.)
If you need to keep a record of a chat, save it as a Word file on your
own computer, and encrypt it.
bDonbt keep emails around for years and years,b says Soltani.
bPractice better data hygiene.b
Soltani says journalists and sources might consider setting up temporary
email accounts to communicate about a story, and then to delete the
accounts after the storybs complete. He compares it to using a burner
cell phone.
3. Encrypting your communications.
This may be the most labor intensive of the recommendations from
computer security professionals, but if itbs important that your
communications with someone not be compromised, itbs worth it. This
means your emails will appear as gibberish to anyone you donbt want
reading them. Had David Petraeus and Paula Broadwell encrypted their
emails to one another rather than saving them in a drafts folder, their
exposing themselves to each other wouldnbt have been exposed to the
world. bThis allows you to communicate securely and protects your
messages if your account is compromised,b says Soltani.
For chat, consider using Adiumbs OTR.
Use a Virtual Private Network or create your own SSL.
Take 30 minutes (more or less, depending on your savvy level) to set up
SMime or PGP for Gmail so that the emails you send from whichever
provider you use are encrypted. The only limitation here: you need to
get the person youbre communicating with to enable encryption as well.
Rather than calling someone from your landline or cell phone, use Skype
or Silent Circle.
A journalistbs job is to bring information to light. Using these
tools, youbll retain some control over which information gets lit.
10 Incredibly Simple Things You Can Do To Protect Your Privacy
Password Protect Your Devices
Choosing not to password protect your devices is the digital equivalent
of leaving your home or car unlocked. If you're lucky, no one will take
advantage of the access. Or maybe the contents will be ravaged and your
favorite speakers and/or secrets stolen.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-17 16:38:21
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Forbes recommends tools for journalists 
But if
Where would you suggest we get information security advice from? Many
here are quick to point out what people should not rely upon. But
relatively few seem to want to assume the responsibility to suggest what
people should use. We are gleaning material including on concepts from
the Information Security chapter written by Danny in CPJ's Journalist
Security Guide (full disclosure: I wrote the chapters on physical
safety). We are looking for guidance on tools from Security-in-a-Box by
Tactical Tech. And we are reviewing and closely following the discussion
over the new Internews guide which covers both concepts and tools. We
are also looking at relevant guides by Small World News by Brian and
others, and Mobile Active by Katrin and Alix.
It seems to me that the above comprise the best available sources out
there. Would you agree? Of course, if you or anyone has any other
suggestions, we are all ears. The discussion itself over the Forbes blog
and other material is all helpful. But backhanded snipes without the
benefit of positive alternative suggestions are not.
Most people on this list and in conferences seem to be agreeing, at
least lately if not also before, that if people who need to use the
tools don't use them, then that becomes a security problem in and of
itself. And that the overwhelming majority of people in places like
Syria really do not understand the risks or practice best measures.
Would you agree? Getting over these obstacles requires training, and
also more transparency within this "Open Source" community about what we
should be teaching people.
I am also learning not to take gratuitous snipes here personally. As it
seems to be all too common within this group. But I do think we would
serve a great many more people if we had more constructive
conversations. Isn't that what this list is for?
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-18 07:26:18
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Online journalist fatalities, 
Speaking of the need, today CPJ released its journalist killed figures
for 2012.
Two records: A record number of online journalists killed in 2012. And
more journalists killed in combat situations in 2012 than in any
previous year that CPJ has been keeping records. Syria is the main reason behind both trends, as Syrian citizen
journalists filing to online outlets like Shaam News Network dominated
this year's fatalities.
Combat deaths at a high, risks shift for journalists
By Frank Smyth/Senior Adviser for Journalist Security
Ambulances carry the bodies of Marie Colvin and RC)mi Ochlik, who were
killed in government shelling in Syria. (Reuters/Khaled al-Hariri)
Murder is the leading cause of work-related deaths among journalists
worldwide--and this year was no exception. But the death toll in 2012
continued a recent shift in the nature of journalist fatalities
worldwide. More journalists were killed in combat situations in 2012
than in any year since 1992, when CPJ began keeping detailed records.
CPJ Special Report
b" Journalist deaths
spike in 2012
The 23 journalists killed in combat-related crossfire make up 34 percent
of the worldwide death toll this year, about twice the historical
average. And beginning in 2010, the number of journalists killed while
covering street protests or similar dangerous assignments has risen well
above the rates recorded since 1992. Journalists carrying cameras--still
photographers, television cameramen, and videographers--paid an
unusually heavy price in recent years. Freelancers and online
journalists have also composed an increasing proportion of fatalities
during this timeframe. Many of those killed during combat and dangerous
assignments were relatively inexperienced, with some of the victims in
Syria still in their teens.
So what does this say? It's worth keeping in mind that the risks to
journalists change with the news, and the conditions of 2012 won't
necessarily be replicated in 2013 or in the future. But a few things
stand out from the recent death tolls that demand the attention of the
Technology has allowed individuals to cover and disseminate news on
their own, without having an affiliation with a news organization. The
proportion of online journalists in CPJ's annual death tolls has been
rising since 2008, but the 25 online journalists killed worldwide in
2012 represent a record. In Syria, the government worked hard to block
the international press, prompting numerous Syrians to pick up cameras
to document the violence and upload hours of their footage to online
collectives such as Shaam News Network. During the political uprisings
that swept the Arab world, domestic and international freelancers were
similarly called to action. Individuals with cameras were more likely to
be in harm's way as they sought to cover the tumult--and they were also
more obvious targets for violence.
"I think we have to differentiate between local citizen journalists who
report on what is happening in their own country and to their own
people, and Western freelancers who go to places like Syria to report on
the conflict," said Peter N. Bouckaert, emergencies director at Human
Rights Watch who leads a Facebook group composed of conflict journalists
and others.
Citizen journalists "are part of a seismic shift in the media business,
and we are just beginning to understand how we can use the materials
they collect, and how we can work together to report better," Bouckaert
said. "The role of Western freelancers is totally different. In a
shrinking, increasingly risk-adverse media environment, it is all too
often freelancers who end up going to the places where the big media
won't send their reporters."
Many inexperienced, young freelancers can be "lulled" into "a sense of
false comfort," Bouckaert noted. "The smartest ones who went through
Libya took a step back, and went to take a first-aid course and hostile
environment training." But many media organizations that rely on
stringers for news also need to step up, he added. "If we want to talk
seriously about safety, we need to start getting the media organizations
to start contributing more toward safety training and safety gear for
The annual death tolls in Iraq during the peak of that nation's violence
still exceed that of Syria: 32 journalists were killed in Iraq in both
2006 and 2007. But the large majority of deaths in Iraq, especially in
the later years of the war, were not combat-related. They were murders.
Local journalists working for Western news organizations and those
working for local news outlets with perceived sectarian viewpoints were
targeted for their affiliation, hunted down, and murdered by the dozen
in Iraq. Murder has been the leading cause of death in Afghanistan as
Any conflict, including the war in Syria, could evolve in ways that
would make journalists more vulnerable to targeted attacks than
crossfire. That is what has happened, in effect, in Somalia. Government
and allied troops largely ousted the militant group Al-Shabaab from the
capital, Mogadishu, in 2011, but journalist murders have spiked in the
aftermath as remnants of the insurgents and political factions jockey,
violently, for control. All 12 journalists killed in Somalia in 2012
were murdered.
The 2012 death toll in Syria reflects the range of combat dangers. Many
died in government artillery or aerial attacks on populated urban areas.
Four were killed in crossfire between government and rebel forces. Four
more were shot at close range, according to witnesses, during military
operations by either government or rebel forces. Three were murdered
outright in non-military circumstances. One journalist died in an
explosion. Long-range snipers from either government or rebel forces
killed three more. (The last time sniper fire claimed so many
journalists' lives was in Bosnia, in 1992 and 1993.)
Many combat-related deaths are hardly faultless. In many instances,
armed forces act recklessly in firing upon civilians such as
journalists. In other cases, they appear to have targeted journalists in
violation of international law. Lebanese cameraman Ali Shaaban, who was
working just over the border in Lebanon, was killed in a hail of 40
bullets fired by plainclothes Syrian security forces. U.S.-born
correspondent Marie Colvin and French photographer RC)mi Ochlik were
killed in government shelling that struck their makeshift media center
in Homs; journalists who survived believe the shelling was precise,
indicating government forces had targeted the center.
Unfortunately, there is little accountability for attacks on journalists
in Syria or elsewhere. "Most of these abuses remain unpunished," the
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization said in
a March 2012 report on journalist security. "States must therefore
ensure that the perpetrators of crimes and acts of violence against
media professionals and associated personnel are brought to justice,
while also taking preventative measures to ensure that such crimes are
not committed in the first place."
Here is one more statistic from CPJ's year-end analysis of journalist
fatalities. The rate of accountability for journalist deaths in 2012?
Frank Smyth is CPJbs senior adviser for journalist security. He has
reported on armed conflicts, organized crime, and human rights from
nations including El Salvador, Guatemala, Colombia, Cuba, Rwanda,
Uganda, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Sudan, Jordan, and Iraq. Follow him on
Twitter Tags: Al-Shabaab, Ali Shaaban, Blogger, Homs, Internet, Killed, Marie
Colvin, RC)mi Ochlik, Shaam News Network
December 18, 2012 12:00 AM ET
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-06-20 13:51:43
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] CPJ blog building on EFF, 
I am grateful to Eff and Morgan, Eva, and Citizen Lab and Seth Hardy
   for allowing us to build on their fine work and help spread the
   message. If anyone knows whether any of this information has yet
   appeared online in Arabic please let us know. Thank you. FS
   [1]
   journalists-ac.php
Skype Trojan targets Syrian citizen journalists, activists
   By [2]Frank Smyth/Senior Adviser for Journalist Security
   The Russian manufacturer promises results. The software can be used to
   control your own or, say, a customer's computer by making it a remote
   software client. Or it could be used for spying on others.
   "BlackShades Remote Controller also provides an [3]efficient way of
   turning your machine into a surveillance/spy-device or to spy on a
   specific system," reads one line of the online product description. The
   software [4]sells online for $40 (an additional $12.60 brings premium
   support) through the Canadian E-Commerce reseller [5]paypro, and it can
   surreptitiously record keystrokes and screen views while giving the
   intruder clandestine remote access to the target computer.
   The [6]terms of service include several disclaimers. Purchasers must be
   "of legal age to use our services and are not a person barred from
   receiving services under the laws of Russia or other applicable
   jurisdiction." Purchasers must further agree to not use BlackShades to
   "harm people in any way," or "upload, post or otherwise make available
   any Content that you do not have a right to make available," or
   "provide material support or resources...to any organization(s)
   designated by the Russian government as a foreign terrorist
   organization."
   The spyware has been embedded into what looks like just one of many
   .pif video files being circulated by Syrian activists on Skype to help
   document attacks and human rights abuses by Syrian government and
   pro-government forces, according to a report [7]posted yesterday by the
   University of Toronto's Citizen Lab. North American-based forensic
   experts dissected the Trojan spyware embedded in the video file
   circulating on Skype, which ends with the extension "new_new.pif."
   The digital workings of the latest Skype Trojan are similar to those of
   a prior YouTube video Trojan that also targeted Syrian activists,
   according to a [8]report yesterday by the San Francisco-based nonprofit
   Electronic Frontier Foundation. The EFF report includes screen shots to
   help Syrian activists and other users identify the specific harmful
   files.
   Yet merely deleting the files or using anti-virus software "does not
   guarantee that your computer will be safe or secure," added EFF. The
   remote control access that BlackShades provides could allow intruders
   to install other spyware on one's computer. What's the safest bet? EFF
   suggests re-installing the computer's Operating System and changing all
   passwords to any accounts that one has logged into since the infection.
   [userpic-26-100x100.png]
   Frank Smyth is CPJ's senior adviser for journalist security. He has
   reported on armed conflicts, organized crime, and human rights from
   nations including El Salvador, Guatemala, Colombia, Cuba, Rwanda,
   Uganda, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Sudan, Jordan, and Iraq. Follow him on
   Twitter [9]
     * [10]Cyberattack,
     * [11]Internet,
     * [12]Skype
   June 20, 2012 3:25 PM ET
   Frank Smyth
   Executive Director
   Global Journalist Security
   [13]frank at journalistsecurity.net
   T.  + 1 202 244 0717
   C.  + 1 202 352 1736
   Twitter:     Website: [14]
   Please consider our Earth before printing this email.
   Confidentiality Notice: This email and any files transmitted with it
   are confidential. If you have received this email in error, please
   notify the sender and delete this message and any copies. If you are
   not the intended recipient, you are notified that disclosing, copying,
   distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this
   information is strictly prohibited.
   1.    2. file://localhost/blog/author/frank-smyth
   3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10. file://localhost/tags/cyberattack
  11. file://localhost/tags/internet
  12. file://localhost/tags/skype
  13. mailto:frank at journalistsecurity.net
  14. liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-10-23 21:38:16
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Federal interception of CIA emails to journalists, 
This case seems to be of value to the list. Ex-CIA Officer John Kiriakou
on Tuesday pleaded guilty to disclosing the name of a CIA figure to
former ABC News journalist Matthew Cole. The indictment against
Kiraiakou released in April indicated that Federal authorities had
obtained emails between Kiriakou and three journalists including Cole
and another ABC News journalist along with Scott Shane of The New York
Times. The indictment also indicates that authorities intercepted a
subsequent email by Cole (with information from Kiriakou) to a defense
investigator with attorneys for terror suspects being held in
No case better underscores the need for U.S. journalists covering
national security to start practicing digital security. More information
may or may not become available. I'd welcome any thoughts here. Thank
you. Frank
Frank SmythExecutive DirectorGlobal Journalist
Securityfrank at journalistsecurity.netTel. + 1 202 244 0717Cell + 1 202
352 1736Twitter:  Public KeyPlease consider our Earth before printing this email.
Confidentiality Notice: This email and any files transmitted with it are
confidential. If you have received this email in error, please notify
the sender and delete this message and any copies. If you are not the
intended recipient, you are notified that disclosing, copying,
distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this
information is strictly prohibited.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-01-22 16:38:54
@_author: frank@journalistsecurity.net 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Bloomberg: Spies Fail to Escape Spyware... 
Spies Fail to Escape Spyware in $5 Billion Bazaar for Cyber Arms -
The intelligence operative sits in a leather club chair, laptop open,
one floor below the Hilton Kuala Lumpurbs convention rooms, scanning
the airwaves for spies.
In the salons above him, merchants of electronic interception
demonstrate their gear to government agents who have descended on the
Malaysian capital in early December for the Wiretapperbs Ball, as this
surveillance industry trade show is called.
As he tries to detect hacker threats lurking in the wireless networks,
the man who helps manage a Southeast Asian countrybs Internet security
says therebs reason for paranoia. The wares on offer include products
that secretly access your Web cam, turn your cell phone into a
location-tracking device, recognize your voice, mine your e-mail for
anti-government sentiment and listen to supposedly secure Skype calls.
He isnbt alone watching his back at this cyber-arms bazaar, whose real
name is ISS World.
For three days, attendees digging into dim sum fret about losing trade
secrets to hackers, or falling prey to phone interception by rival
spies. They also get a tiny taste of what theybve unleashed on the
outside world, where their products have become weapons in the hands of
regimes that use the gear to track and torture dissidents.
bIbm concerned about my calls or Internet being monitored, because
thatbs what they sell,b says Meling Mudin, 35, a Kuala Lumpur-based
information-technology security consultant who takes defensive measures
as he roams the exhibits. bWhen I make phone calls, I step out of the
hotel, I donbt use my computer and I also donbt use the wireless
services provided.b
bWe Meet Againb
ISS, which convenes every few months in cities from Dubai to Brasilia,
is the hub of the surveillance trade. In recent years, countries such as
Syria, Iran and Tunisia bulked up their monitoring by turning to some of
ISSbs corporate sponsors, such as Italybs Area SpA and Germanybs
Utimaco Safeware AG (USA) and Trovicor GmbH, a Bloomberg News
investigation showed.
Business is booming, with annual revenue of $3 billion to $5 billion
growing as much as 20 percent a year, ISS organizer Jerry Lucas
Lucas, 68, an American with a PhD in physics, is perfectly cast for the
part of spyware convention mastermind. With sweeping eyebrows and a bare
pate that make him a look-alike of Democratic strategist James Carville,
he greets an uninvited journalist at his Prague event in June with,
bWebve been expecting you.b
On the second encounter, in Kuala Lumpur this month, he descends an
escalator from the convention floor and intones: bWe meet again.b
Warning Attendees
Lucas, whose conference company TeleStrategies, Inc., is based in
McLean, Virginia, makes the point that his marketplace serves police who
conduct criminal investigations and intelligence services that prevent
terror attacks. Virtually every communications network in the world
includes wiretapping for prosecutors, or location tracking to rescue
people in emergencies. And customers at ISS also include phone company
Still, Lucas describes Spy vs. Spy intrigue that emerges when he
convenes ISS (short for Intelligence Support Systems). The potential for
hacking has led him to warn attendees to comply with the law of host
bWe tell them, bDo not bring in radio equipment that is not allowed
by the government,bb says Lucas, who started ISS nine years ago.
Some gear can intercept mobile-phone or Internet transmissions,
impersonating legitimate networks by sitting in the middle of the data
bThese guys can be your base station,b Lucas says.
bHide Your Laptopb
Attendees routinely guard against hacking, says Nikhil Gyamlani, a
Munich-based developer of monitoring systems who has attended several
ISS events. He says being in close contact with competitors versed in
the dark arts gives them a chance to secretly copy documents saved on
hard drives or sent via e-mail. He advises preventive measures.
bAbsolutely no use of wireless networks, and hide your laptop in a
safe,b says Gyamlani, 34, the founder of a new surveillance company,
GlassCube. bThe fear is very justified.b
Some who havenbt taken such precautions have learned to be more
At ISS in Prague this year, an employee of an African telecommunications
regulator was cruising Facebook on his Archos (JXR) tablet computer when
he found his every click being projected on a screen at the front of the
room, he recalled afterwards in the lobby. Hebd been using the
hotelbs wireless Internet.
Watching The Detectives
While ISS is closed to journalists, a Bloomberg News reporter dropped in
on two 2011 installments, walking hotel corridors, sitting in bars and
haunting lounges.
In Prague, at a hotel connected to a shopping mall food court, potential
buyers included Thailandbs Department of Special Investigation and the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. In the lobby, contingents from
Greece and Turkey sat on opposite sides of the room.
Many conventioneers carried black canvas tote bags from Utimaco, whose
systems were used in a Syrian surveillance project that was exposed this
year by Bloomberg News and shut down before it could become operational.
Approaches by a journalist at ISS only triggered more paranoia among
some executives. At a fourth-floor conference room rented by Trovicor in
Prague, an employee, Jesper Mathiesen, not only declined to talk, but
declined to trust the reporterbs business card as reliable
Rock Star
bAnyone can print a business card,b he said, as another employee led
a delegation from Serbia into the room.
In the Prague hotelbs elevators, an employee of Andover, U.K.-based
Gamma International rode up and down, escorting government delegations
to back-to-back, appointment-only demonstrations of Gammabs FinFisher
intrusion system, conducted in darkened rooms.
Once secretly planted on a targetbs computer, FinFisher allows remote
control of the device. The tool became widely known early this year when
a copy of a FinFisher proposal turned up in Egypt after the February
revolution and was posted online.
The notoriety helped make the German hacker-turned- executive behind
FinFisher a rock star of the ISS circuit.
Listed in the conference agendas only by his initials, MJM, he is Martin
J. Muench, 30, the managing director of Gammabs German unit. One of
his talks in Kuala Lumpur is titled, bOffensive IT Intelligence
Information-Gathering Portfolio bAn Operational Overview.b
Saudi Arabia, India
At this gathering of real-life James Bonds, Muench most resembles 007
himself, as played by Sean Connery: just over six feet tall, in a trim
black suit and skinny black tie.
Spotted at ISS this month, Muench declines to comment, while lighting a
For the Malaysia event, which has 871 invited attendees from 56
countries, the Hilton lobby hosts a parade of ISSbs various tribes and
their telltale markings. Buyers from Saudi Arabiabs interior ministry,
Indiabs cabinet secretariat and the 5-month-old state of South Sudan
brandish yellow nametags that peg them as government officials. Vendors
are identified by red tags.
Employees of Munich-based Trovicor are easy to pick out: each is dressed
identically, in a dark suit and a red necktie, which is custom made,
marketing director Birgitt Fischer-Harrow says.
Barring Syria
bIt is a Trovicor corporate identity. The company colors are black,
white and Pantone 202c red,b she says, referring to the precise shade
of burgundy.
Trovicor is a former intelligence unit of Siemens AG and Nokia Siemens
Networks. The chain of companies supplied and maintained eavesdropping
systems for Syria, Bahrain, Tunisia and other countries that have
battled rebellions this year, a Bloomberg News investigation showed.
Fischer-Harrow says the company canbt comment on contracts or clients.
Lucas says hebs barred Syrian or Iranian government representatives
from ISS.
Still, that hasnbt stopped surveillance gear from reaching those
countries, and the controversy has attracted crashers to ISS seeking to
expose how the technology can be abused by repressive regimes.
In an empty hotel restaurant after lunch, Eric King, the human rights
and technology adviser at London-based Privacy International, is poring
over conference presentations hebs obtained and tallying a growing
list of suspicious technological glitches. When he tries to send an
e-mail from his Apple Inc. laptop, he gets a message that his encryption
wonbt work.
Seeking Hackers
His paranoia builds as he also realizes that more secure 3G networks,
used for phones and wireless Internet, are unavailable in the hotel.
King, 22, jetlagged and wearing a wrinkled, blue button-down shirt, has
a hypothesis: Someone has blocked the 3G to force everyone to use
methods that would be easier to intercept.
He consults the ISS program and finds a possible culprit, bLive
Demonstration of Tactical GSM Interrogation and Geo- Location System.b
bWebve got to get us some hackers,b he says, eager to untangle
what may be a nest of surveillance.
A few hours later, King heads to Kuala Lumpurbs art deco Central
Market to meet a Privacy International volunteer. Over a noodle dinner,
she puts him in touch with a hacker who agrees to meet up the next day.
Recruiting Spies
Back at the hotel, the night is young and the paranoia is deep.
Unlike typical trade shows, this one has no social events. No
corporate-sponsored cocktail parties. No hospitality suites. Clients and
suppliers donbt want to be seen with each other in public, and some
countries bar their agents from mingling at the event because itbs a
recruiting ground for spies seeking sources, organizer Lucas says.
In some delegations, bTheybll send four or five people and have one
here just to watch the rest,b he says.
At the Hiltonbs wine bar, Vintage Bank, three men from Milan-based
HackingTeam are talking among themselves, drinking from brandy snifters.
Because HackingTeam sells programs that can spy on a computerbs
contents and activities, maybe they know something about the 3G
blackout. All three say that they, too, have noticed, and also suggest
an interception effort may be afoot.
In the morning, Kingbs hacker arrives at the Hilton lobby, toting a
backpack filled with wireless Internet gear and wearing a black T-shirt.
Intelligence Operative
They set up shop on a coffee table. After an hour of performing many of
the same tests the intelligence operative had done at the start of the
convention, the network activity comes up clean.
The hacker suggests the 3G problem might just be a spotty phone system.
Later, ISS organizer Lucas says any drop in service may have been caused
by heavy usage by convention-goers.
Upstairs, the operative is back in the leather club chair, this time
using an iPad. Asked if this isnbt risky, he says itbs just for
browsing websites, not e-mail or anything involving passwords. And
hebs got no files saved to it.
Does he have e-mail access?
He holds up a BlackBerry, and says hebs running nothing sensitive
through it. Then he does a double-take. The screen saver is a photo of
him and his wife.
The bad guys could do face recognition, he says, looking at the picture.
Kicking himself for the lapse, he walks off, the paranoia having got the
best of him.
b Editors: Marcia Myers, Melissa Pozsgay
To contact the reporter on this story: Vernon Silver in Rome at
vtsilver at bloomberg.net;
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Melissa Pozsgay at
mpozsgay at bloomberg.net
Enlarge image  Conference organizer Jerry Lucas (back to camera) attends the ISS World
trade show at the Hilton in Kuala Lumpur. Source: Bloomberg
Enlarge image  A convention floor display being dismantled is shown at the ISS World
trade show at the Hilton in Kuala Lumpur. Source: Bloomberg
Enlarge image  A conference participant holds name tag during the ISS World trade show
at the Hilton in Kuala Lumpur. Source: Bloomberg
Enlarge image  A convention floor display being dismantled is shown during the ISS
World trade show at the Hilton in Kuala Lumpur. Source: Bloomberg
Enlarge image  Eric King, a human rights and technology adviser at London-based Privacy
International, has a meal at Kuala Lumpurbs Central Market to recruit
a hacker to test for surveillance at the ISS World trade show. Source:
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
