
@_date: 2012-06-09 23:07:20
@_author: Jack Byer 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] Resurrecting Mojo Nation 
Hello, all. My name is Jack and I am a non-coding Linux geek with an
interest in economics. I was an avid Slashdot reader when the Mojo
Nation project was announced and was very excited by the idea. My
takeaway from the project was that it was about using market economics
to allocate computing resources. Unfortunately it didn't work out but
parts of it still live on, such as this project.
Recently on the Bitcoin forums the idea came up to form a digital
currency-based filesharing network and that thread
( reminded me of MN,
leading to a discussion of whether or not it would be practical to
bring back the idea of a market-based computing resource allocation.
This isn't the first time a combination of Bitcoin and tahoe-lafs has
been suggested but I'd like to ask a different question than just
whether or not is makes sense to use bitcoins to pay people for
storage. Is it practical to go back to the original goal of MN instead
of a limited subset if the reasons for the project's failure are
addressed? From what I can tell the pricing mechanism of MN was broken
because it didn't really have a market. A market needs independent
decision-making agents bidding against each other to resolve
conflicting goals and MN didn't have that. It's not realistic to
expect users to sit in front of a screen all day and daytrade Mojo in
order to achieve price discovery. Now, ten years later, automated
trading algorithms are common so perhaps it would be possible for a
network to use dynamic pricing to allocate hard drive space,
bandwidth, and CPU power.
Are there any fundamental reason why a system like Mojo Nation
couldn't work now that certain capabilities are available that weren't
a decade ago?
tahoe-dev mailing list
tahoe-dev at tahoe-lafs.org

@_date: 2012-06-11 20:04:22
@_author: Jack Byer 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] Resurrecting Mojo Nation 
(This is a cross-post from: A market mechanism for buying and selling hard drive space would look
a lot like the commodity markets. If you express a contract in a
standard form they can be traded on an exchange to achieve price
discovery. The following is not a complete specification but just an
example of how such a system might work.
Contract trading could be done on  or a similar platform
(including the reputation function). Contracts will be priced in
bitcoins. Storage is expressed in blocks of 1 MiB and the base time
interval is one increment of the Bitcoin block chain.
Block servers (nodes that sell space) can list the contracts they are
willing to accept in human and machine-readable form as something like
this: "BLOCKSTORAGE,O,10,10000,144,0.001,0.0005,0.00025"
This means that the node is offering (O) to contract with any node
with a reputation of 10 or more. Up to 10000 blocks are available for
144 time units. The total cost of the contract is 0.001 BTC per block.
Of this total cost 0.0005 is due up front and 0.00025 is due at the
completion of the contract. The remainder is due in periodic intervals
(perhaps as often as every time increment).
When a node that is looking to sell storage can express the contract
it is looking for as a bid (B). It could either work as both the block
server and the client can scan the order book to look for a matching
contract or the exchange can handle the matching. There would need to
be a means to express what should happen to the data at the end of the
contract. It can either be deleted (the client no longer needs it) or
it can be transferred to another block server or it can be returned to
the client.
At the end of each contract the client and the block server both leave
feedback on each other which will either increase or decrease their
respective reputations. Block servers with high reputations will be
able to charge more up front because the clients can be more confident
they will actually be able to get their data back at the end of the
contract. Clients with high reputation won't need to pay as much up
front because the block servers can be more confident they will be
paid at the end of the contract. In general a higher reputation will
lead to better prices for both a client and a block server.
The client should have a method of verifying that the block server
actually retained the data instead of just tossing it into the
bitbucket. One possible way to do this is to periodically transmit a
block number and two offsets and ask for the hash of the data between
the two offsets. The client could pre-select this verification blocks
before transmitting the data and have enough hashes stored ahead of
time for the number of verification it expects to need.
This is just a rough draft and probably still has holes that need to
be filled in but how does it look as a basic outline?
tahoe-dev mailing list
tahoe-dev at tahoe-lafs.org

@_date: 2012-06-12 10:45:07
@_author: Jack Byer 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] Resurrecting Mojo Nation 
I agree. That is why price discovery should be automated by software agents.
tahoe-dev mailing list
tahoe-dev at tahoe-lafs.org
