
@_date: 1996-02-28 09:48:14
@_author: James M. Galvin 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I debated about responding since you are entitled to your opinion.  After
thinking about it for a while I decided I need to say a little something.
It's my impression that MOSS suffered from lack of representation at this
workshop.  I got that view from at least 6 different people, so I believe
it to be true.  That said, I think it's unfair to declare its demise.
Further there is a good implementation of MOSS.  It was even announced at
the workshop.  Did you miss it?  TIS has done an implementation that is
available for anonymous FTP, albeit only within the US.  It's integrated
with MH, not the most favored mail user agent, but the current version has
shell scripts that perform minimal MIME functions to facilitate integration
with other agents.
Finally, multipart/signed and multipart/encrypted are not MOSS.  They are a
framework independent of any particular secure email technology.  True,
MOSS depends on them, but I regard that as a feature not a bug.

@_date: 1996-02-29 01:15:47
@_author: James M. Galvin 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder I'm told.
TIS will happily license their source code to you.  In this case you get
the advantage of seeing and actually trying what you will get in advance
with no hassle whatsoever.  As to whether that is a better choice than
writing the code yourself, well, you get the idea.

@_date: 1996-02-29 01:22:45
@_author: James M. Galvin 
@_subject: [ Death of MOSS? ] 
Allow me to make a contentious statement:
        MOSS is the only secure email protocol integrated with MIME.
You see, integrated to me means that the base is security aware.  MIME is
only security aware when the security multiparts are used.  In all other
cases, MIME is not security aware.
The use of the application content-type with experimentally defined
subtypes gives the appearance of MIME being security aware, but it provides
nothing more than a mechanism for carrying a protected object.  In
addition, the fact that the security service itself must do a callback in
order to support recursive services, unlike MOSS which uses the security
multiparts framework and thus lets MIME do all the work it was designed to
do, further supports my position.

@_date: 1996-02-29 01:43:34
@_author: James M. Galvin 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Your comment seems to suggest that the only way to meaningfully contribute
to a discussion of technologies is via face to face meetings.  While I
agree there is a certain expediency to face to face meetings, insofar as
we're talking about email shouldn't we be able to use the technology for
our deliberations?  I'm reminded of my participation in X.400 implementor
meetings where I derived great pleasure from the fact that you couldn't
communicate with most of the members via email at all, let alone X.400.
In response to your question, I don't think there is any one answer any
more than I think there is any one reason why PEM failed.  However, I don't
think the question is moot, since no decision has been made yet and at
least I haven't given up yet, although I know it's uphill from here.

@_date: 1996-03-01 08:15:38
@_author: James M. Galvin 
@_subject: [ Death of MOSS? ] 
Russ, since you weren't present at the workshop I'll repeat the very first
words I said in the presentation I gave there.
Functionally, from a user's perspective, there is for all practical
purposes no difference between any of these technologies.  Today I would
add that we could pick one out of hat and just move on.
However, there are differences in the technologies.  Some are easier to
implement, some are more flexible, some perform better, and the list goes
on.  We need to explore those differences to develop a criteria for
evaluating the technologies so we can provide the best possible solution to
the user community.  I proposed one possible criteria in my presentation,
by no means the only one and by no means complete.
