
@_date: 2001-09-12 11:53:53
@_author: Garnet Jackson 
@_subject: ARE YOU SERIOUS? OR ARE YOU JUST LOOKING?!! 
Dear Fellow Advertiser!!
Too often you have seen the ads FREE FREE NOTHING TO PAY and you try to sign up and taa daa there is a pop up screen that tells you for a limited time only pay $39.95 and then the price goes up by midnight. What the heck that wasn't what you said. So once again you are turned off.
If I pull that stunt on you, you reserve the right to report me to whoever.
Listen to this for ABSOLUTELY!! ABSOLUTELY NOTHING down you can dream of making a five figure salary and a six figure soon after. How soon it depends on your willingness to act What did I say? Yes you heard me correctly! You can do it and all for FREE. If you can answer the following questions then you are ready.
Do you think that you can find five persons who are in need of making some serious income? Is there a friend who is always needing your help but they have a computer and internet access?
Do you have any 2 hours daily to read and send emails or other small tasks?
Well I am looking for you.
Send me your FULL NAME and email address if different to this one and the information will be sent to you. YES FREE of charge. Not the usual, well a $20 deposit is needed to weed out the thril seekers. I know when you respond to this email you are serious about making money so that's fine by me. Click the link below:
mailto: cuatdtop2 at zwallet.com
(Remember that email address it is significant)
If everybody pool their efforts, after 100 persons a check of $500 will be mailed to you. With less than 3000 persons you would have qualified for approximately $10000 per month. ABSOLUTELY NO PAYMENTS!! As a matter of fact they PAY you to JOIN.
Mark Twain said: "If YOU want to be SUCCESSFUL then YOU MUST first help others to be successful". With this system you are doing just that. Finding YOUR 5 persons and helping others to find five because all in all you will then be receiving that five figure income in a shorter period than imagined. This does not stop you from marketing your other opportunities but this will definitely assist along the way because you now have the funds to advertise.
What is your verdict? Do you think it is possible? If you do then make that critical first step NOW!!
Send me your FULL NAME and email address if different at:
mailto: cuatdtop2 at zwallet.com
cuatdop2 at zwallet.com  and will I Really See You At The Top Too?! (cuatdtop2)
PS. In marketing there is a phrase that says SW - SW - SW - N.
Translation. Some Will, Some Wont, So What, NEXT!
What will it be in your case?
PPS Any other questions let me know. I will keep you up to date as to the progress of the group as a whole but the Company keeps their own electronic record for your direct payments. Minimum check $500.
REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS
Please send a reply with REMOVE A-4 in the subject heading.
