
@_date: 2011-02-22 20:22:18
@_author: Gavin Andresen 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Bitcoin version 0.3.20.01 released 
Binaries for Bitcoin version 0.3.20.01 are available at:
  There were several changes and additions to the JSON
remote-procedure-call interface;
there are no significant user interface changes.  See:
  ... for details.
This version does fix one significant denial-of-service attack
(earlier versions of
bitcoin could be caused to crash due to running out of memory by a remote
SHA1-checksums for the binary files are:
7dfbc05b36112f59886a29f044cfd21c6c253169  bitcoin-0.3.20.01-linux.tar.gz
3fe4c5f2a5406322a2f116b30aefbd402b079940  bitcoin-0.3.20.01-win32-setup.exe
dffb709a90a7abcff08c2ef1e79d3f9b54751786  bitcoin-0.3.20.01-win32.zip
b540825d864e7561cc21465ad072fb299e0d817a  bitcoin-0.3.20.01-macosx.zip
Gavin Andresen   gavinandresen at gmail.com

@_date: 2011-11-21 18:57:54
@_author: Gavin Andresen 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Bitcoin-Qt and bitcoind version 0.5 released 
Bitcoin version 0.5.0 is now available for download at:
The major change for this release is a completely new
graphicalinterface that uses the Qt user interface toolkit.
This release include German, Spanish, Spanish-Castilian, Norwegianand
Dutch translations. More translations are welcome; join theproject at
Transifex if you can help:
Please report bugs using the issue tracker at github:
If you cannot or do not want to run Bitcoin-Qt, a bug-fix-only
Bitcoin version 0.4.1 is also available at sourceforge.
MAJOR BUG FIX  (CVE-2011-4447)------------------------------
The wallet encryption feature introduced in Bitcoin version 0.4.0did
not sufficiently secure the private keys. An attacker whomanaged to
get a copy of your encrypted wallet.dat file might beable to recover
some or all of the unencrypted keys and steal theassociated coins.
If you have a previously encrypted wallet.dat, the first time yourun
bitcoin-qt or bitcoind the wallet will be rewritten, Bitcoin willshut
down, and you will be prompted to restart it to run with the
new,properly encrypted file.
If you had a previously encrypted wallet.dat that might have
beencopied or stolen (for example, you backed it up to a
publiclocation) you should send all of your bitcoins to yourselfusing
a new bitcoin address and stop using any previouslygenerated
Wallets encrypted with this version of Bitcoin are written properly.
Technical note: the encrypted wallet's 'keypool' will be regenerated
thefirst time you request a new bitcoin address; to be certain that
thenew private keys are properly backed up you should:
1. Run Bitcoin and let it rewrite the wallet.dat file
2. Run it again, then ask it for a new bitcoin address. Bitcoin-Qt:
Address Book, then New Address... bitcoind: run the 'walletpassphrase'
RPC command to unlock the wallet,  then run the 'getnewaddress' RPC
3. If your encrypted wallet.dat may have been copied or stolen, send
all of your bitcoins to the new bitcoin address.
4. Shut down Bitcoin, then backup the wallet.dat file. IMPORTANT: be
sure to request a new bitcoin address before backing up, so that the
'keypool' is regenerated and backed up.
"Security in depth" is always a good idea, so choosing a
securelocation for the backup and/or encrypting the backup
beforeuploading it is recommended. And as in previous releases, if
yourmachine is infected by malware there are several ways anattacker
might steal your bitcoins.
Thanks to Alan Reiner (aka etotheipi) for finding and reportingthis bug.
MAJOR GUI CHANGES-----------------
"Splash" graphics at startup that show address/wallet/blockchain
"Synchronizing with network" progress bar to show block-chain downloadprogress.
Icons at the bottom of the window that show how well connected you
areto the network, with tooltips to display details.
Drag and drop support for bitcoin: URIs on web pages.
Export transactions as a .csv file.
Many other GUI improvements, large and small.
RPC CHANGES-----------
getmemorypool : new RPC command, provides everything needed to
constructa block with a custom generation transaction and submit a
listsinceblock : new RPC command, list transactions since given block
signmessage/verifymessage : new RPC commands to sign a message withone
of your private keys or verify that a message signed by the privatekey
associated with a bitcoin address.
GENERAL CHANGES---------------
Faster initial block download.
Thanks to everybody who contributed code or helped test this release:
Alan ReinerAlex BAlex WatersAng Iong ChunCelilChris HowieChris
MooreDavid Joel SchwartzDavid PerryForrest VoightGavin AndresenJanne
PulkkinenJeff GarzikJoelKatzKhalahanLuke DashjrMatt
CoralloMisbakh-Soloviev Vadim ANils SchneiderPieter WuilleVictor
LeschukWladimir J. van der

@_date: 2011-09-23 12:31:30
@_author: Gavin Andresen 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Bitcoin 0.4.0 released 
Bitcoin version 0.4.0 is now available for download at:
  The main feature in this release is wallet private key encryption;
you can set a passphrase that must be entered before sending coins.
See below for more information; if you decide to encrypt your wallet,
WRITE DOWN YOUR PASSPHRASE AND PUT IT IN A SECURE LOCATION. If you
forget or lose your wallet passphrase, you lose your bitcoins.
Previous versions of bitcoin are unable to read encrypted wallets,
and will crash on startup if the wallet is encrypted.
Also note: bitcoin version 0.4 uses a newer version of Berkeley DB
(bdb version 4.8) than previous versions (bdb 4.7). If you upgrade
to version 0.4 and then revert back to an earlier version of bitcoin
the it may be unable to start because bdb 4.7 cannot read bdb 4.8
"log" files.
Notable bug fixes from version 0.3.24:
Bitcoin supports native wallet encryption so that people who steal your
wallet file don't automatically get access to all of your Bitcoins.
In order to enable this feature, chose "Encrypt Wallet" from the
Options menu.  You will be prompted to enter a passphrase, which
will be used as the key to encrypt your wallet and will be needed
every time you wish to send Bitcoins.  If you lose this passphrase,
you will lose access to spend all of the bitcoins in your wallet,
no one, not even the Bitcoin developers can recover your Bitcoins.
This means you are responsible for your own security, store your
passphrase in a secure location and do not forget it.
Remember that the encryption built into bitcoin only encrypts the
actual keys which are required to send your bitcoins, not the full
wallet.  This means that someone who steals your wallet file will
be able to see all the addresses which belong to you, as well as the
relevant transactions, you are only protected from someone spending
your coins.
It is recommended that you backup your wallet file before you
encrypt your wallet.  To do this, close the Bitcoin client and
copy the wallet.dat file from ~/.bitcoin/ on Linux, /Users/(user
name)/Application Support/Bitcoin/ on Mac OSX, and %APPDATA%/Bitcoin/
on Windows (that is /Users/(user name)/AppData/Roaming/Bitcoin on
Windows Vista and 7 and /Documents and Settings/(user name)/Application
Data/Bitcoin on Windows XP).  Once you have copied that file to a
safe location, reopen the Bitcoin client and Encrypt your wallet.
If everything goes fine, delete the backup and enjoy your encrypted
wallet.  Note that once you encrypt your wallet, you will never be
able to go back to a version of the Bitcoin client older than 0.4.
Keep in mind that you are always responsible for your own security.
All it takes is a slightly more advanced wallet-stealing trojan which
installs a keylogger to steal your wallet passphrase as you enter it
in addition to your wallet file and you have lost all your Bitcoins.
Wallet encryption cannot keep you safe if you do not practice
good security, such as running up-to-date antivirus software, only
entering your wallet passphrase in the Bitcoin client and using the
same passphrase only as your wallet passphrase.
See the doc/README file in the bitcoin source for technical details
of wallet encryption.
Full changelog ("git shortlog --no-merges v0.3.24..")
Abraham Jewowich (1):
      Fix bug with accessing vchData[0] when vchData is empty.     Fix
typo in CBase58Data::CompareTo
Alex B (2):
      Romanian translation added
      Spanish translation update
Alex Waters (1):
      Updated readme file
Daniel Folkinshteyn (1):
      Update the list of seednodes.
Dawid Spiechowicz (1):
      added polish wallet encryption messages
Dean Lee (1):
      Update to the Chinese Simp translation
Dev Random (4):
      Linux gitian config with separate wxWidgets build
      Mingw gitian with separate wxWidgets and boost
      Mingw gitian build with deterministic bitcoin.exe by use of faketime
      Add Gitian Build descriptors for Boost and wxWidgets.
Doug Huff (1):
      Make mlock() and munlock() portable to systems that require the
address to be on a page boundary.
Dylan Noblesmith (1):
      mlock() all private keys in memory
Eric Hosmer (1):
      Added crypter to makefile.vc.
Fabian H jr. (1):
      Updated checkpoints, maybe Tx fee should be reduced to 0.0001
from 0.0005 and maximum minimum tx should be 0.0010.
Gavin Andresen (24):
      Do-nothing MapPort() ifndef USE_UPNP.  fixes       Don't std::advance past beginning of transactions array.  Fixes       Remove unused ScanMessageStart function
      Compile with DEBUG_LOCKORDER to detect inconsistent lock
orderings that can cause deadlocks
      CHECKMULTISIG unit tests.
      Highlight mis-matching locks
      Fix rpc-hanging deadlocks
      Fixed potential deadlocks in GUI code.     Also changed
semantics of CWalletTx::GetTxTime(); now always returns the time the
transaction was received by this node, not the average block time.
And added information about -DDEBUG_LOCKORDER to coding.txt.
      Fix typo ("you own security")
      SetCrypted() obtains keystore lock, to be safe.
      Logic running with -keypool=0 was wrong (empty keys were being
returned). Fixes       Fix RPC call name in error message.
      obtain cs_wallet mutex to protect vchDefaultKey
      Fixed regression I introduced: wallets with lots of transactions
were unusable in GUI.
      Fix bad merge: getaccountaddress was broken for new accounts
      Give hard-coded seed nodes a random last-seen time, to randomize
order they're tried.
      Do not try to download blockchain from 0.3.23 nodes
      If compiled -DDEBUG_LOCKORDER and run with -debug, print out
every mutex lock/unlock (helpful for debugging
something-is-holding-a-mutex-too-long problems)
      Stay connected to seed nodes; disconnecting causes problems if
you are trying to make the initial blockchain download.
      Versions 0.3.20 THROUGH 0.3.23 have trouble with blockchain
downloads; avoid them
      Bumped version numbers to 0.4.0rc1
      Optimize database writes for transactions with lots of TxIns.
 Patch from ArtForz, who discovered the problem.
      Fix AddAddress cs_mapaddresses/db transaction deadlock
      Fix QA email address
Giel van Schijndel (15):
      fix warning on 64bit systems: cast to pointer from integer of
different size [-Wint-to-pointer-cast]
      fix warnings: expression result unused [-Wunused-value]
      fix warnings: using the result of an assignment as a condition
without parentheses [-Wparentheses]
      fix warning: comparison of unsigned expression < 0 is always
false [-Wtautological-compare]
      fix warning: X enumeration values not handled in switch [-Wswitch-enum]
      fix warning: unused variable 'X' [-Wunused-variable]
      fix warning: unused function 'SigIllHandlerSSE2' [-Wunused-function]
      fix warning: variable bnMinDepthb set but not used
      fix warning: control reaches end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
      Make some global variables less-global (static)
      Cleanup makefiles such that diffs to them are smaller
      Move func 'REF' from util.h to serialize.h
      Start moving protocol-specific code to protocol.[ch]pp
      Move CAddress to protocol.[ch]pp
      Move CInv to protocol.[ch]pp
Han Lin Yap (2):
      Comment "deprecated"
      Add a note to only include .po file
Jay Weisskopf (4):
      Add logos/branding currently found on bitcoin.org into NSIS installer.
      Set default compression for NSIS installer to LZMA.
      Remove NSIS branding from bottom divider.
      Increase resolution of Windows icon.
Jeff Garzik (8):
      Update CWallet::LoadWallet for proper return type.
      Bump version to 0.3.25
      doc/README: word wrap into something readable
      CAddrDB::LoadAddresses: properly initialize CAddress
      src/makefile.unix: remove -DFOURWAYSSE2
      Add reference python miner, in contrib/pyminer/
      README.md: word wrap text file
      Revert "Define MSG_NOSIGNAL to 0 on platforms where it is unavailable."
Jeroenz0r (1):
      Translation from "Open Bitcoin" to "Verstuur Bitcoins"
JoelKatz (1):
      Fix UNIX-specific thread handle leak.
Johannes Henninger (1):
      Identify as "Bitcoin + version number" when mapping UPnP port
Luke Dashjr (7):
      Update nTime after nExtraNonce to avoid potential race
(extraNonce being reset due to just-occurred time change after nTime
is set)
      Reset extraNonce only every 15 seconds, just in case some miner
is updating time himself and stuff
      Reset extraNonce only when prevBlock changes, so miners can
continue updating the time on their work until it's stale
      Support for boost filesystem version 3
      ignore stuff
      Save coinbase, not just extraNonce
      Bugfix: Use timestamp in coinbase rather than "bits", needed to
ensure coinbase txn is unique even if address is the same
Matt Corallo (35):
      Add minversion to wallet.
      Add wallet privkey encryption.
      Set the number of SHA512 rounds based on the speed of the computer.
      Push unlocked_until in getinfo.
      Dynamically remove/insert the Options for encryption in the menus.
      Add the walletlock RPC method to lock the wallet manually.
      Add Wallet Encryption section to README
      Use DB Transactions when encrypting wallet.     This speeds up
the encryption process significantly.
      Make an invalid addrIncoming so that old clients crash.
      Update makefile.linux-mingw to work with crypter and UPnP fix.
      Fix makefile.linux-mingw
      Fix crashes when a wallet is locked and GetReservedKey() is called
      Generate Warning when using default key.
      Fix Build in GetReservedKey() in wallet.cpp
      Fix bad return values in LoadWallet.
      Actually use mapAlreadyAskedFor.
      Fix EncryptKeys crash introduced by a9ba4710, identified by TD.
      Check for duplicate txins in CheckTransaction.
      Make it clear that setting proxy requires restart to fully apply.
      Don't listen if on TOR (resolves       Add missing include to serialize.h
      Add file for transaction tests.
      Cleanup test suite output to be more useful.
      Unify copyright notices.
      Missed a 'password' should be 'passphrase'.
      Fix incorrect RPC error messages
      Add specific wallet encryption details to doc/README
      Upgrade dependancies and tweak build process.
      Update binary mos to latest translations.
      Fix build process to actually work.
      Add binary mo for new translation.
      Update gitian build descriptors to produce proper builds.
      Update bitcoin icon to make nsis setup exe deterministic.
      Update binary mo to match latest po translation.
      Restructure gitian files and add download config files.
Michael Bemmerl (4):
      Basically some grammatical fixes of the German translation.
      Added German wallet encryption messages translation.
      Changed Russian translation according to comment in issue 395
      Updated German translation
Michal Zima (1):
      Updated czech translation
Nils Schneider (2):
      log low-level network messages only when fDebug is set
      missed printf in AbortMessage(); merged printfs in EndMessage
Patrick Varilly (1):
      Single DB transaction for all addresses in a message
Pieter Wuille (11):
      Prepare codebase for Encrypted Keys.
      Do not use obsolete CPrivKey for passing keys around
      Bugfix: add autogenerated addresses to address book
      get rid of mapPubKeys
      Use CBitcoinAddress instead of string/uint160
      split off CBase58Data from CBitcoinAddress
      Fix for small change outputs
      Bugfix: don't overuse limited ExtractAddress
      avoid strAddress + validity checks
      SocketHandler thread can be detached
      Updated dutch translation
StC)phane Gimenez (1):
      Single DB transaction for addresses from DNS seeds
Vegard Nossum (6):
      Add missing includes to key.h
      Add missing include to script.h
      Add missing includes to net.h
      Fix testing setup
      Add prototype for EvalScript() to script.h
      Add a file for script tests
Venkatesh Srinivas (4):
      Test for SO_NOSIGPIPE rather than assuming all BSDs support it.
      Qualify make_tuple with boost:: namespace.
      Use 'unsigned char' rather than 'char' for pchMessageStart.
      Define MSG_NOSIGNAL to 0 on platforms where it is unavailable.
Wladimir J. van der Laan (2):
      remove magic number: change threshold for nLockTime to constant
      make SetHash160 return a value (as specified in the function signature)
cjdelisle (1):
      wxWidgets needs to be at least version 2.9.1 because wallet
crypto uses ToStdString() which is not in 2.9.0
ovdeathiam (1):
      Edited locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/bitcoin.po via GitHub

@_date: 2012-05-08 19:57:14
@_author: Gavin Andresen 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Bitcoin version 0.6.2 available 
Bitcoin version 0.6.2 is now available for download at:
  This is a bug-fix and code-cleanup release, with no major new features.
NOTABLE CHANGES
Much faster shutdowns. However, the blkindex.dat file is no longer
portable to different data directories by default. If you need a
portable blkindex.dat file then run with the new -detachdb=1 option
or the "Detach databases at shutdown" GUI preference.
Fixed  a bug that
could cause long-running nodes to crash.
Mac and Windows binaries are compiled against OpenSSL 1.0.1b (Linux
binaries are dynamically linked to the version of OpenSSL on the system).
CHANGE SUMMARY
Use 'git shortlog --no-merges v0.6.0..' for a summary of this release.
Source codebase changes:
- Many source code cleanups and warnings fixes.  Close to building with -Wall
- Locking overhaul, and several minor locking fixes
- Several source code portability fixes, e.g. FreeBSD
JSON-RPC interface changes:
- addmultisigaddress enabled for mainnet (previously only enabled for testnet)
Network protocol changes:
- protocol version 60001
- added nonce value to "ping" message (BIP 31)
- added new "pong" message (BIP 31)
Backend storage changes:
- Less redundant database flushing, especially during initial block download
- Shutdown improvements (see above)
Qt user interface:
- minor URI handling improvements
- progressbar improvements
- error handling improvements (show message box rather than console exception,
  etc.)
- by popular request, make 4th bar of connection icon green
Thanks to everybody who contributed to this release:
Chris Moore
Dwayne C. Litzenberger
Gavin Andresen
Jeff Garzik
Luke Dashjr
Matt Corallo
Philip Kaufmann
Pieter Wuille
R E Broadley
Timothy Redaelli
Wladimir J. van der Laan

@_date: 2012-05-14 13:09:55
@_author: Gavin Andresen 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Critical denial-of-service vulnerability 
Hash: SHA512
CVE-2012-2459: Critical Vulnerability
A denial-of-service vulnerability that affects all versions of
bitcoind and Bitcoin-Qt has been reported and fixed. An attacker
could isolate a victim's node and cause the creation of blockchain
Because this bug could be exploited to severely disrupt the Bitcoin
network we consider this a critical vulnerability, and encourage
everybody to upgrade to the latest version: 0.6.2.
Backports for older releases (0.5.5 and 0.4.6) are also available if
you cannot upgrade to version 0.6.2.
Full technical details are being withheld to give people the
opportunity to upgrade.
Thanks to Forrest Voight for discovering and reporting the vulnerability.
Questions that might be frequently asked:
How would I know if I am the victim of this attack?
Your bitcoin process would stop processing blocks and would have a
different block count from the rest of the network (you can see the
current block count at websites like blockexplorer.com or
blockchain.info).  Eventually it would display the message:
"WARNING: Displayed transactions may not be correct!  You may need to
upgrade, or other nodes may need to upgrade."
(note that this message is displayed whenever your bitcoin process
detects that the rest of the network seems to have a different
block count, which can happen for several reasons unrelated to
this vulnerability).
Could this bug be used to steal my wallet?
Could this bug be used to install malware on my system?

@_date: 2013-02-20 15:36:49
@_author: Gavin Andresen 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Version 0.8.0 released 
Bitcoin-Qt version 0.8.0 are now available from:
  This is a major release designed to improve performance and handle the
increasing volume of transactions on the network.
Please report bugs using the issue tracker at github:
  How to Upgrade
This release no longer maintains a full index of historical transaction ids
by default, so looking up an arbitrary transaction using the
RPC call will not work. If you need that functionality, you must run once
with -txindex=1 -reindex=1 to rebuild block-chain indices (see below for
Mac and Windows binaries are signed with certificates owned by the Bitcoin
Foundation, to be compatible with the new security features in OSX 10.8 and
Windows 8.
LevelDB, a fast, open-source, non-relational database from Google, is
now used to store transaction and block indices.  LevelDB works much better
on machines with slow I/O and is faster in general. Berkeley DB is now only
used for the wallet.dat file (public and private wallet keys and
relevant to you).
Pieter Wuille implemented many optimizations to the way transactions are
verified, so a running, synchronized node uses less working memory and does
much less I/O. He also implemented parallel signature checking, so if you
have a multi-CPU machine all CPUs will be used to verify transactions.
New Features
"Bloom filter" support in the network protocol for sending only relevant
transactions to
lightweight clients.
contrib/verifysfbinaries is a shell-script to verify that the binary
at sourceforge have not been tampered with. If you are able, you can help
everybody's downloads more secure by running this occasionally to check PGP
signatures against download file checksums.
contrib/spendfrom is a python-language command-line utility that
how to use the "raw transactions" JSON-RPC api to send coins received from
addresses (also known as "coin control").
New/changed settings (command-line or bitcoin.conf file)
lockunspent / listlockunspent allow locking transaction outputs for a
period of time so
they will not be spent by other processes that might be accessing the same
addnode / getaddednodeinfo methods, to connect to specific peers without
importprivkey now takes an optional boolean parameter (default true) to
control whether
or not to rescan the blockchain for transactions after importing a new
private key.
Important Bug Fixes
Qt 4.8.3 (compiling against older versions of Qt 4 should continue to work)
Thanks to everybody who contributed to this release:
Alexander Kjeldaas
Andrey Alekseenko
Arnav Singh
Christian von Roques
Eric Lombrozo
Forrest Voight
Gavin Andresen
Gregory Maxwell
Jeff Garzik
Luke Dashjr
Matt Corallo
Mike Cassano
Mike Hearn
Peter Todd
Philip Kaufmann
Pieter Wuille
Richard Schwab
Robert Backhaus
Rune K. Svendsen
Sergio Demian Lerner
Wladimir J. van der Laan
