
@_date: 1997-04-04 17:59:28
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Jim Bell warrant, affidavit, return 
This is the way to get copies of court filings in far-away places:
Call the court. Tell the person who answers the phone that you want to get
a copy of pleadings (or whatever it is you want a copy of) filed in a
particular case, giving them as much information as you have about the
case. When you're looking for a search warrant, that information will
usually be the address of the property searched and the date/time that the
search began. In other cases, it's the case number/file number, (or, more
annoying for the clerk, the name of the plaintiff and/or defendant). If the clerk can find the file based on the information you had, and the
contents aren't sealed, they'll give you the name/phone number of a
messenger service or copy service who will pick up copies from the court
and then FAX or mail them to you. They usually charge somewhere in the
neighborhood of $1 per page plus costs (like postage or phone) for this
In Jim's case, the copy service's phone number is 206-383-1791. I received
FAX copies of the search warrant, supporting affidavit, and
return/inventory today. They're billing me for the charges incurred, which
I expect will be in the neighborhood of $25. I'm planning to scan them
tonight and make them available via the web, modulo personal information
which I will black out. Comments about a good way to balance public interest/privacy when making
the docs available are welcome. Have thought about publishing the documents
as images (not text) to foil indexing, about eliminating "personal" info like SS numbers, address, and serial number(s) of seized items. I think the text
of the affidavit is especially useful and instructive in terms of the
understanding it provides into the law enforcement view of
cpunks/anonymity/Internet issues. [Also received the Wassenaar Arrangement in response to my FOIA request,
along with the Secret Service's response ("no records") and a denial of my
appeal from the SF FBI office's "no records" response. Am planning to scan
those, too.]
Greg Broiles
gbroiles at c2.net
510-986-8779 voice
510-986-8777 fax

@_date: 1997-08-23 10:36:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Breaking Legal News.... (fwd) 
According to the Mercury-News, the suit has been dismissed.
Greg Broiles
gbroiles at c2.net
510-986-8770 x 309 voice ** please note phone number has changed **
510-986-8777 fax

@_date: 1997-01-09 15:21:58
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Trade secrets / moderator liability 
As reported by Michael Froomkin's correspondent, the Uniform Trade Secrets
Act  (enacted with local
modifications in, as I understand it, 40 states, among them California)
says that third parties may be held liable for misappropriation of a trade
secret where the third party knows or has reason to know that they are
doing so.
For example, California Civil Code section 3426.3 says:
3426.3.(a) A complainant may recover damages for the actual loss caused by
misappropriation.  A complainant also may recover for the unjust enrichment
caused by misappropriation that is not taken into account in computing
damages for actual loss.
   	(b) If neither damages nor unjust enrichment caused by misappropriation
are provable, the court may order payment of a reasonable royalty for no
longer than the period of time the use could have been prohibited.
exemplary damages in an amount not exceeding twice any award made under
subdivision (a) or (b).
And misappropriation is defined in California Civil Code section 3426(1)(b)
(1) Acquisition of a trade secret of another by a person who knows or has
reason to know that the trade secret was acquired by improper means; or
(2) Disclosure or use of a trade secret of another without express or
implied consent by a person who:
   (A) Used improper means to acquire knowledge of the trade secret;
   (B) At the time of disclosure or use, knew or had reason to know that
his or her knowledge of the trade secret was:
   (i) Derived from or through a person who had utilized improper means to
acquire it;
   (ii) Acquired under circumstances giving rise to a duty to maintain its
secrecy or limit its use; or
   (iii) Derived from or through a person who owed a duty to the person
seeking relief to maintain its secrecy or limit its use; or
   (C) Before a material change of his or her position, knew or had reason
to know that it was a trade secret and that knowledge of it had been
acquired by accident or mistake.
My other concern about moderator liability for approving/distributing trade
secret material is in the criminal context. For example, the Economic
Espionage Act of 1996 (HR 3723, now found at 18 USC 1831 et seq,
 ) says that some trade
secret violations are now a federal crime; and California Penal Code
section 499c(b) also criminalizes some wrongful acts relating to trade
secrets. Specifically, I think it's feasible to find aiding & abetting
(and, more remotely, conspiracy) liability where a moderator knowingly and
substantially contributes to public disclosure of a trade secret. It seems to me that there's a murky middle period, where the trade secret
is known to some wrong people, but is still substantially a secret, where
third party liability is present. But once a wide distribution of the
secret is made, I don't think it's meaningful to talk about further
distribution as misappropriation. If there's no common-sense "it's no
longer a secret" safety valve, trade secret would provide time-unlimited
protection to publically available information, which I think would be
preempted by (or frustrate the purpose of) Congress' limited grants of
protection to information via patent and copyright. But this is only my
conjecture about how things ought to work, given the responsibilities
created for third parties by statutes like the UTSA; I don't know of cases
on this issue and given my work/bar review schedule, won't have time to
find them any time soon.
Also, as I mentioned in my previous message, I think there are good
arguments that neither of the prominent trade secret disclosures I'm
familiar with that have occurred (in part) via the list would create
moderator liability. I'm mentioning moderator liability (and writing what's
turning into a long message about it) not because I think it's an
especially big danger but because I think it's an interesting public policy
issue. I don't have the teeniest clue how other nations' laws might treat third
parties who assist or enable the wide dissemination of trade secret
materials. Perhaps other list members can offer a local perspective. Greg Broiles
gbroiles at c2.net
510-986-8779 voice
510-986-8777 fax

@_date: 1997-05-19 17:55:13
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Crypto use to foil law enforcement? 
I ran across this entry in the Congressional Record which discusses several
examples where encryption was discovered in the course of a law enforcement
investigation. [Congressional Record: September 18, 1996 (Senate)][Page S10882-S10886]
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I'm pleased that the Senate has passed the eonomic espionage bill. This is an important measure that I believe will save American business significant amounts of money. The theft of confidential information from American businesses is a serious problem, and this bill takes important steps in the right direction.
  I am particularly pleased that the Senate has accepted the amendment I offered with Senator Kyl. This amendment commissions the first-ever study on the criminal misuse of encryption technologies. Under the Grassley-Kyl amendment, court officers who prepare pre-sentencing reports will include information on the use of encryption to conceal criminal conduct, obstruct investigations, and commit crimes. The sentencing commission will then collect and collate this information and include it in its annual report to congress.
  In this way, I am hopeful that Congress and executive branch will have reliable data on whether the criminal misuse of encryption is actually a problem and, if so, what response to this problem would be   As chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee on the Judiciary Committee, I did an informal survey of state-level law enforcement concerning the criminal misuse of encryption. This informal survey, while not scientific, provides valuable insights into the actions of the criminal element in our society.
  Here are just some of the responses my subcommittee received.
  In one case involving John Lucich of the New Jersey attorney general's office was involved, a computer was seized pursuant to a warrant in a serious assault case. Examination revealed that approximately 20 percent of the hard drive files were encrypted. Investigators sought the assistance of two different Federal agencies. Both of these agencies were unsuccessful in decrypting the files. Finally, a third Federal agency was successful in decrypting the files after expending considerable resources. The Decrypted files did not contain evidence of the assault but rather contained evidence of child pornography. The encryption type likely used was ``DES.''
  And Officer Tim O'Neill of the Roseville, California Police Department reported to the subcommittee that he participated in a search involving a complaint against a subject who was on probation for solicitation/annoyance of minors. The subject had a hidden encrypted file on his personal computer. In the ``slack'' area at the end of the file the officer found names, addresses, school, grade, and phone numbers of 4-5 young teen girls. The encryption type used was known as   Officer Mike Menz of the same department advised the subcommittee that he was working on a joint State/Federal major check fraud case where part of the potential evidence was encrypted.
  Ivan Ortman, a senior prosecutor in Seattle, Washington, encountered some encrypted files and password protection in a cellular phone fraud investigation. For a number of files the popular and inexpensive ``PGP'' type of encryption was used. Orton indicated that no effort was even made to examine the files as the police could not locate any method for ``cracking that encryption.''
  In other words, why try since such an effort is certain to be futile. Surely a rational society should look long and hard at this situation.
  Agent Chuck Davis of the Colorado Bureau of Investigation reported to the subcommittee that he has encountered encryption as well as password protection problems. In one embezzlement case, a computer system has seized. Examination revealed that files on the hard disk were encrypted. The software manufacturers were contacted and the technical personnel who wrote the program advised that, ``they had left no `back door' access to the product as this would adversely impact sales. The hallmark of the program's appeal is that it cannot be broken, even by those who created it.'' Agent Davis advised that his investigation was ``halted'' due to the time and expense of a ``brute force attack''. The encryption program used was entitled ``watchdog.''
  Agent Davis also advised the subcommittee that password protection also presents problems for other types of investigators. In cases involving theft of drugs from an emergency room by a doctor, bribery/
extortion by a police officer, and the suicide by an 11 year-old boy after telling friends that he had been molested by a family friend, investigators encountered password protection. The first two cases were successfully resolved through assistance from the manufacturer of the
  The third case, however, especially illustrates the seriousness of decryption problems--determining the unique key or in this case, password from a large number of possibilities. According to Agent Davis, a mere 4 character password has 1.9 million possibilities due to the number of keyboard characters. Can you imagine how difficult it must be to figure a short, 4 character password. What if the password were 10 characters or 20 or more? It's easy to see why criminals are moving toward password protection for their records.
Greg Broiles
gbroiles at c2.net
510-986-8779 voice
510-986-8777 fax
