
@_date: 2001-08-08 17:01:16
@_author: gbroiles@speakeasy.org 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
Not quite current - the cite you guys need is CA Penal Code 198.5, which says that a person who uses deadly force, within their residence, against another person, shall be presumed to have held a reasonable fear of imminent peril of death of great bodily injury (and hence has a defense to a homicide charge) if -
1.      The intruder is not a member of the family or household; and
2.      The intruder is entering, or has entered forcefully and unlawfully; and
3.      The defender knew of the forceful and unlawful entry
.. but CA appellate courts have been quick to uphold convictions for borderline cases, as in _State v. Brown_ 6 Cal App 4th. 1489 (3rd Dist, 1992), where entry by a hammer-wielding man onto an unenclosed front porch, where only an unlocked screen door stood between the intruder and the defender, was not considered entry into a "residence" for purposes of 198.5, and the defender was convicted of assault with a deadly weapon for shooting the hammer-wielder.
Generally, people interested in the topic of self-defense under California law would do well to read Penal Code sections 197-200, and the cases interpreting those statutes.

@_date: 2001-07-24 10:43:23
@_author: gbroiles@speakeasy.org 
@_subject: Open 802.11b wireless access points and remailers 
Several years ago, there was discussion on the list about creating headless or throwaway remailers (likely hidden in some institution where they could get power and net access for a long time until they were discovered)- I didn't spend a lot of time thinking about that, because I thought that the necessary Ethernet (or other network) connection which would be made between the hidden machine and the host network would make it easy enough to detect and disable that it wasn't a productive direction for exploration. (There are also any number of legal issues related to trespass, unauthorized network use, etc., which may apply.)
However, that limitation may be withering away, with the spread of 802.11b (or similar) wireless networks - the attached email describes a Seattle-area system apparently set up by Microsoft in a shopping mall providing free network access to people within the reach of its radio units.
An old laptop, a solar panel, some auxiliary batteries, and an 802.11 network card might be able to stay
online for a long, long time in that sort of environment.
This also sounds like a good way to get casual, anonymous network access to upload or download email - once upon a time, bad people who wanted to send forbidden emails or browse hidden sites did that by going to public terminals in libraries or web cafes or [...] - now perhaps they'll do that at Starbucks or the mall, either for free or having paid cash for short-term access via 802.11b wireless.
And, if you're the sort that's worried about permission, etc., the nice thing is that these networks are explicitly intended for the use of guests on the premises, so at least the first level of concerns about trespass or unauthorized use are addressed.
These days, remailers aren't as exciting as they once were - perhaps the next important tools are going to be Freenet or Mojo Nation nodes - but the combination of wireless access plus anonymous access provides an interesting opportunity for network participants which are physically within a jurisdiction yet unavailable for punishment.
