
@_date: 1995-12-10 03:10:18
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: GAK and self-incrimination? 
The Fifth protects you against *compelled* self-incrimination - in
particular, the right to be free from the "cruel trilemma" of
        o       conviction of a substantive crime, based on your
                (true) testimony
        o       conviction of perjury, for lying when asked to incriminate
                yourself
        o       contempt of court sanctions, for refusing to answer
but your hypo doesn't seem to create that forbidden situation. In
particular, you're free to simply not send the message at all. (this message, sent from my Windows box, isn't PGP signed. Doh. signatures
will return when the Unix box is net-functional again.)
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-    Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks   every temptation, every desire, every inhibition."   greg at goldenbear.com

@_date: 1995-12-10 14:54:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: GAK and self-incrimination? 
This sounds like _Haynes v. United States_ 390 US 85 (1968); the Supreme
Court ruled that requiring registration of particular weapons (possession of
which was illegal) violated the Fifth Amendment. The difference between
_Haynes_ (and _Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board_ 382 US 70
(1965)) and Tim's hypo is that Tim's hypo doesn't force only guilty people
to provide information, it requires all people using crypto to do so - so
it's not targeted at "persons inherently suspect of criminal activities"
(see _Haynes_ at 96, _Anderson at 79), and it doesn't necessarily give rise
to "real and appreciable hazards of incrimination" (_Haynes_ at 97).
But it seems to me that the real bottom line is that the information which
is compelled is not incriminating, and the information which is
incriminating is not compelled. The keys to my crypto might lead to
incriminating evidence, or they might prove to be useful in a prosecution,
but they're not in themselves any sort of a signal that a crime has been or
will be committed.
I think it's a different argument - and probably even comes out the other
way - if the command to reveal a key is made to a particular individual in
circumstances where possession/knowledge of the key is likely to implicate
the holder in criminal activity. If the police find an encrypted disk which
is labelled "The Story of How I Killed Jimmy Hoffa and Where I Put His Body
and the Murder Weapon", compelling someone to reveal the key which decrypts
the file(s) on that disk seems incriminating, even if the information
produced (the string of binary digits which is the key) isn't by itself
Is it "self-incrimination" to require people to provide the government with
an address when they register a car, even though the police may use that
address to look for evidence if you're suspected of a crime? Is it
"self-incrimination" to require drivers involved in an auto accident to
remain at the scene and provide a name and address to cops or other drivers?
(Supreme Court says no self-incrim re hit & run statute, _California v.
Byers_, 402 US 424 (1971).) (Now, if the government required people who
weren't using GAK to provide a "Statement of Refusal to Comply with GAK", I
think it'd be a different kettle of fish entirely.) I'm not trying to say that I think GAK is good - I think it's awful. But I
don't think it's incompatible with the way that the Fifth amendment has been
interpreted over the past 200 years. I think it's possible to ignore those
interpretations and make up your own, but I don't think that's of much
practical utility where the dominant local gang doesn't find your theory
plausible or expedient. So much for the rule of law.
I agree with you re the First amendment.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-    Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks   every temptation, every desire, every inhibition."   greg at goldenbear.com

@_date: 1995-12-13 16:47:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: e-mail forwarding, for-pay remailers 
I don't have much faith that the people who are currently doing the DNS
for my domain name (goldenbear.com) are going to do anything about the
current bouncing-messages phenomenon anytime soon, so I'm looking into other
ways to get & send E-mail (e.g., more persistent than this address which
will disappear when I'm done with school in ~ 6 months). I've found a few
services which may be of interest to C-punks because they're useful for
creating/maintaining persistent cyberspace identities with no necessary
connection to a "real name".
I'm not listing the alpha-style alias servers because they depend on
underlying remailers which I think makes them likely to be slower & less
reliable; also, they won't store E-mail for you, such that you could connect
every day or two or [...] to pick it up.
I'm also ignoring the zillions of ISP's because I think that the market is
separating (or ought to) into service/storage providers and connectivity
providers. My hunch is that in the next year or so it's going to become easy
to get nationwide dialups for IP connectivity the way it was done for X.25
10 years ago, so you won't care *where* you are, you'll be able to get an IP
connection back to the folks that hold your mail, and you won't give a shit
where *they* are. Then again, if the Exon stuff passes, I suspect that all
we'll be left with in the US are service providers who deal with us at the
level of IP packets and get (quasi-)common carrier status, acting just like
Sprintnet/Tymnet/Telenet/CPN, but with IP not X.25. We'll all connect to
offshore providers to pick up our E-mail and read our newsgroups, the
control freaks will hate it, and we won't care.
netbox.com (  ) provides web pages and E-mail storage
or forwarding for people; they let you sign up for a trial month for free.
They ask for name/address/phone (which could easily be a Mailboxes Etc
address and a voicemail from Mailboxes Etc or whatever) and accept payment
by check or credit card. They'll store incoming email or forward it to
another account. They'll do header rewriting (similar to the anonymous
so that outgoing mail looks like it came from this address.
thebook.com (  ) provides web pages and E-mail storage
or forwarding or E-mail -> FAX conversion, and also let you sign up for a
free month to try things out. They also ask for name/address/phone. You can
send incoming Emails to different places depending on wildcard-based filter
The ACM (  ) provides e-mail forwarding and web pages to
ACM members ($25 for students or ~$80 for professionals) for ~ $25/year.
Hiway Technologies (  ) provides web pages and will
accept/forward mail sent to your own domain name for pretty cheap.
I'm planning to make a wee FAQ on this for my home page, please send along
comments re these folks or suggestions about others.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-    Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks   every temptation, every desire, every inhibition."   greg at goldenbear.com

@_date: 1995-12-14 13:39:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: e-mail forwarding, for-pay remailers 
E. Allen Smith writes (quoting me):
I spent last summer in San Diego - it took me a couple of weeks to find a
place to stay. The first day I was in town I went to an MBE and signed up
for a box - showed them my Oregon ID and said "I don't have a local phone #
or address because I've been in town only 12 hours. That's what I need you
folks for." They cheerfully wrote down the information from the front of my
drivers' license (which is 5 years out of date) and gave me a box. They also
asked if there would be anyone else who'd be getting mail at my box - I
could have specified a business or some roommates. They didn't need to see
ID for those - so you're free to name some real or imagined
roommates/friends, who might coincidentally sign up for E-mail forwarding.
(Or you can just say that "Greg is my real name but John Doe is my trade
name, I get mail under that name too." "Trade names" aren't so unusual for
people in show business or authors or, I read recently, bill collectors.
Apparently they don't want people calling them up at home hassling them.
Imagine that. :) ) The folks at the San Diego MBE have been cheerfully
forwarding my paper mail back here to Oregon as long as I want to keep
paying the postage (plus some sum that they're adding on that's not big
enough to pay attention to). It's not the kind of untraceability I'd rely on vis-a-vis a TLA, but it
ought to be good enough to keep your posts to alt.sex.forbidden from showing
up on your boss' desk via DejaNews, or to allow you to go ahead and piss off
part-time fascists who don't have the energy to chase down the paper trail.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-    Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks   every temptation, every desire, every inhibition."   greg at goldenbear.com

@_date: 1995-12-18 15:32:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
PACs are to politics what mutual funds are to investing - that is, a
mechanism for investors to diversify their holdings, and to allow for the
managers of those holdings to use their expert/specialized knowledge to
achieve better returns (at the cost of some frictional skimmings-off) than
individuals would on their own. But I'm not sure what this has to do with C-punks any longer. "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1995-12-20 23:24:01
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: the problem with attacks on Blaze & Weinstein 
The "Blaze & Weinstein are devils in disguise" business is ridiculous, as is
the notion of "cypherpunk purity". Cypherpunks is a mailing list. If Blaze
and Weinstein were up to something especially tricky, they'd probably post
from accounts not traceable to their employers (like, say, anonymous
remailers). Suggesting that a person is not to be trusted because they work
for organization "X" is particularly silly where the suggestor isn't willing
to provide the details of their own organizational ties.
This is a mailing list. Mailing lists are for discussing things - like
technological defenses for privacy. People may have interesting things to
contribute because of, in spite of, or irrespective of their employment or
other relationships with large organizations. (And, in fact, they do. Both
Matt Blaze and Jeff Weinstein have done and said pro-privacy things despite
the equivocal-to-hostile stance their employers have taken with respect to
privacy. Brian Davis, the list's token prosecutor :), has recently been
sending messages re the limits of governmental power in the context of
criminal investigations. Microsoft employees have posted re Microsoft's
choices about privacy and encryption/security. And so on.) If this were a
secret organization and we were splitting up into individual cells for
revolutionary/forbidden activity, your suspicion/paranoia might be useful.
But we're not (it's an open list, archived on full-text searchable Web
servers), so it's not.
And, apart from whether or not they're valuable list contributors, the list
really isn't in a position to not "tolerate" unwanted or unproductive
readers or authors. The tools which make identity difficult to fix make it
difficult to restrict/deny access to an unpopular or unwanted identity. Get
used to it. Adapt or die, hmm? "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1995-12-21 01:03:10
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: The Problem With Blaze And Weinstein 
Oh, I see. I think you misspelled "troll". Hope this helps.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1995-12-29 19:10:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Employer Probing Precedents? 
I think this point about "contract workers" is going to become a lot more
interesting as people move away from the traditional "employee for life"
model and towards working at home/telecommunity, or working as
subcontractors/consultants, etc.
Further, it's becoming more common for employees to own their own
communcations tools, and bring them to work. Arguments about a right to
eavesdrop as being derived from workplace property ownership don't seem to
work where an employee is talking on their personal cell phone,
getting/sending messages on the SkyTel two-way pager that they pay for,
using their laptop/Newton/PDA to get/send E-mail (using their private
ISP/POPmail provider mailbox), and so forth. The concerns (about disclosure
of secrets or wasting of time) raised to justify the invasions of employee
privacy are still present, of course, but not the convenient "it's not your
phone so you have no privacy" excuse. Employee/contractor ownership of work tools (or non-work related
communication tools in the workplace) is probably going to get even more
interesting; recent Ninth Circuit decisions re copyright law and licensing
agreements have been sharply restricting the right of software licensees to
allow third parties to use the licensed software. (e.g., _MAI v. Peak_ and
_Triad Systems_, see  for more on
this and pointers to other analysis and the opinions themselves) I think
this may lead to software licenses (or hardware ownership) which follows
employees from home to work, and from job to job. Employees may get a
credential from Microsoft, or Borland, or Mathematica or Word Perfect saying
that they're allowed to be using a set of software tools; professionals will
probably pay for those credentials themselves, or have them paid for as a
fringe benefit of employment. An easy connection is to training related to
the "software-right" - the licensor would also certify that the employee has
been subjected to X hours of training and knows at least Y buzzwords and Z
fancy tricks relating to the software. Retired or unemployed workers may
work in a "black market", using software they're trained on but not
licensed/certified for, logging on with the credentials of licensed users
who have died recently or are sleeping. (Similar to the network of
unlicensed uninsured under-the-table contractors, framers, electricians,
drywall installers, etc., who exist at the fringes of construction
activity.) And so on.  Subscribers to the Coase theorem would suggest that (modulo transaction
costs) it doesn't matter who is initially assigned the right to determine
whether or not surveillance will occur - the party who most values that
right will bargain for it in the end. Then again, that party may lose
something in exchange - and that's what makes this interesting. (And, I
think, much too complex to simply be dismissed as a matter of "property
rights". Then again, property looks to me like something that law creates,
not something which exists pre-law which law is created to protect. YMMV.)
I'd rather see the right to control surveillance assigned to employees, and
let employers pay extra for it if they think it's necessary to their
business situation. (Some might argue that this is the current situation, or
at least that surveillance is something that market participants bargain
over. My impression is that the current situation is legally murky absent a
clear statement re "we're going to monitor you on the phone and search your
briefcase when you enter and leave" and that a clear resolution re the legal
baseline of surveillance would be useful to bargainers. And if we were to
set a baseline for further bargaining, I'd rather see it set to favor
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1995-12-29 23:08:37
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ideath remailer permanently down / PGP key changes for Greg Broiles 
Doh, the wordwrap on that message was ugly. Sorry. Gotta spend some more
time making friends with Private Idaho. Short version: remailer at ideath.goldenbear.com is gone forever, sorry. All
mail to anything  is bouncing. Mail for me should be sent to
"gbroiles at netbox.com", effective immediately. I have distributed a new PGP
key to the keyservers and marked my old key obsolete. I will be signing list
messages again once I get that wordwrap thing fixed. "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-07 16:30:23
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: paper on remailers in the intelligence community 
Ah. A feeble attempt to deflect attention from your own cooperation with the
Grey aliens and their boot-licking military-industrial-complex errand boys.
Even more revealing is an Alta Vista search for
"timothy c. may" and "william marlow"
Now you'll probably claim that you've never met Marlow or Strassman. Sure.
We know what you're up to. You're not fooling us, Medusa. :)
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-07 20:14:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
How about the circle-slash "no" symbol superimposed on the Constitution? "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-10 07:24:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Regarding employee rights on company equipment 
I don't think this issue is as simple as Friedman wants to make it sound.
(Then again, he may have been quoted out of context.) In any event, what he
said is true, modulo explicit or implicit contracts to the contrary, rules
about union activity, common-law privacy rights, Title VII, the ECPA and
similar state statutes, and so forth. The quote sounds like a self-serving
statement intended to scare people into believing that their rights are as
limited as the speaker wishes they were. That's not so unusual, but it's not
always useful to get legal advice from someone who sees their interests as
adverse to yours.
(We've gone over the "I think the law regarding employers rights vis-a-vis
employees rights *should* be 'x'" ground a zillion times, and another rehash
seems unproductive. I don't intend to respond to messages along those lines.)
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-17 06:57:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Carrying the Bible an Offense? 
The "pressing charges" question is essentially about evidence. At certain
stages in a criminal proceeding, the prosecution must produce enough
evidence of the right kind (e.g., sworn testimony which reaches the level of
probable cause, for instance) in order for the proceedings to continue.
There are smaller hurdles pretrial (in order to create the prosecution
itself, and to hold the defendant while waiting for trial) and a bigger
hurdle at trial. The sworn testimony of a victim can be strong evidence to
help a prosecutor get over those hurdles. If there is no other evidence, the
prosecution may fail. But prosecutors and investigators who see the
reluctant victim problem coming can sometimes work around it by collecting
other evidence which can be used instead of the victim's testimony. The
victim can also be subpoenaed to testify even if they don't want to. (Of
course, their testimony may not be especially helpful under those
circumstances.) Thus, no, the victim does not have veto power over a prosecution, except in
those circumstances where they're fortuitously in possession or control of
the evidence the prosecution needs to prove its case. And that's a matter of
luck and circumstance, not law. No. J Random Atheist has no right to expect prosecutors to share his
priorities re enforcement of the laws. His remedy is to elect people with
different prosecutorial priorities.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-18 04:30:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Carrying the Bible an Offense? 
I'm not aware of a corresponding right in the US, and am pretty sure that
none exists. The victim of a crime can likely sue civilly for whatever
damages s/he suffered, and can sometimes also recover attorney's fees &
punitive damages (e.g., RICO). But I'm not aware of any procedure by which a
citizen could bring a real criminal prosecution, with the corresponding risk
of incarceration for the defendant, court-appointed counsel for indigent
defendants, and so forth. Some statutes (the ones which spring to mind immediately are environmental
statutes) allow private citizens to sue to enforce compliance with the law,
if the government has been given notice of the violation and has failed to
bring its own action for enforcement; but I don't think that those are
criminal prosecutions.
(I think we're wandering away from anything on-topic for C-punks, so further
comments from me on this thread, if any, will likely be in private mail.) "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-18 15:45:50
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Legal status of Indian Reservations and CDA 
Indian tribes no longer function as sovereigns - they're considered domestic
dependent nations. The lack of *state* (CA, OR, WA, etc) jurisdiction over
Indian country comes from federal preemption. Tribes retain some civil
regulatory jurisdiction, but it does not function to exclude federal
regulation. (see  for more
re tribal regulatory jurisdiction)
The problem with this is that the feds have jurisdiction over crimes
occurring within Indian country. Tribes may also exercise jurisdiction over
tribal members who violate tribal law. ( * Modulo PL-280, modulo the civil
rights act of 1968, which gave and took away and gave back (sort of)
criminal jurisdiction to the states in 5 states - CA, OR, WA, MN, NE (?),
and other states/tribes who choose to opt into PL-280's framework. Yow.)
Doing business within Indian country won't help you escape Federal law;
Federal law enforcement is often the local law enforcement. (State jurisdiction over gambling, jurisdiction over taxation of economic
transactions, and criminal jurisdiction should be considered independently;
they are all created or extinguished by different Federal statutes,
sometimes state-by-state, sometimes tribe-by-tribe. Also, the Pueblos of New
Mexico and Arizona(?) may have a different status because they gained their
land from the government of Mexico.)
Jurisdictional questions under Federal Indian law are always messy. If it
was as easy as "do it on a reservation", people would've been doing it for
years with drugs & alcohol. But the Feds thought of that already. "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-01-26 17:15:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
My concern about such a flag is that if it was implemented widely, it would
be a small step from being optional to being mandatory. As things stand,
were some legislature to adopt a "mandatory labelling" statute tomorrow,
we'd end up with a complex and pointless mess of conflicting and
incompatible attempts at compliance, rendering the labelling scheme
effectively useless; and, likely, "industry" (e.g., the big service
providers + AT&T & MCI & Sprint etc) would oppose the legislation on the
grounds that compliance would take several years and complex design to bring
about. So we'd get some sort of grace period to argue against it, prepare
good test case(s), establish offshore mailing lists/servers, and so forth. But if we let the market do an efficient job of developing and deploying a
labelling standard, over the course of the next few years, we're an
afternoon's sorry debate and a few bought-and-paid-for committee meetings
away from a market standard turning into a statutory duty. This makes me think that if development of a labelling standard is imminent,
it's time to find ways to subvert it, misuse it, avoid it, and otherwise
treat it like an enemy. It's not necessarily an enemy until it's coopted
into service by a coercive force (be it big brother^h^h^h^h^h^h^hgovernment or big brother^h^h^h^h^h^h^hcorporation) but it's a potential threat. Are you sure that your relatively moderate "less NIFK material is a good
thing" stance is a good reflection of others' positions? My impression is
that many people are dissatisfied with anything less than a "zero tolerance"
position re kids & porn or kids & drugs or kids & sexual choice or whatever. Your view of a partial-cooperation world isn't especially draconian, but do
you really think that others will be as tolerant of other positions re
labelling? "The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-01-26 17:38:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: 9th Circuit addresses vicarious liability 
The 9th Circuit issued a ruling today in _Fonovisa v. Cherry Auction_
overturning an ED CA district court's ruling re vicarious liability for
copyright and trademark infringement. If I remember correctly, the lower
court's ruling was one of those relied upon by Judge Whyte in his recent
_Netcom_ ruling. In any event, it looks like it's an important development
in vicarious liability and thus liability for ISP's and remailers and other
providers of electronic "space" or conduit.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-01-26 17:38:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: 9th Circuit addresses vicarious liability 
but it should have read:
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-01 02:00:22
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: [FACTS] Germany, or "Oh no not again" 
The Recorder's article is at and the opinion itself is at for those outside the Bay Area who aren't Recorder subscribers.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |

@_date: 1996-02-01 03:21:50
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: FV, Netscape and security as a product 
NSB's messages have suggested, amongst the fear-mongering, that the real
target of the card-shark publicity campaign is not Joe Consumer but bankers,
investors, and other "big money" folks; people who care about the
large-scale fraud rate of credit card use. (Yes, the rate of fraud affects
all consumers, but most people experience it as a relatively small and
unavoidable cost lost in the noise of other small costs.) NSB/FV used the
Murky News to reach those people the way that some people will rent a
freeway-visible billboard to propose marriage to a single commuter. The
trouble and expense that the sender was willing to suffer to send the
message are intended to cause the reader to take the message more seriously.
The rest of us who see the message on C-punks or drive past and wonder "Who
is Bonnie, and why is Clyde proposing marriage to her on the freeway?"
aren't an important part of the process. But I don't see FV's tactics as being especially different from folks at IBM
writing a virus which affects Windows but not OS/2, and quietly shopping it
around to scare Microsoft customers, or Ford underwriting an NBC news
program which shows Chevy pickups blowing up. (both are hypotheticals.)
Sure, it can be done, and perhaps it's not dishonest, and perhaps they can
wear the hat of "Consumer Protector Man", but I think it'd come across as
less offensive if it weren't presented as a discussion about security.
Statements which can be boiled down to "We think our product is superior to
our competitor's product" don't mix well with quotes from academics and a
"Chief Scientist" signature block.
While, as Vin McLellan points out, Simson Garfinkel's articles were
technically accurate (modulo the quote from Daguio, where he's quoted as
suggesting an "out of hand" transaction, which is likely either a typo or a
misunderstanding - dollars to donuts he said "out of band"), they also
appeared as part of a marketing process. Netscape and FV have both taken a
"security is a product" stance, which is a gross misrepresentation. FV and
NSB's materials have done a good job of critiquing Netscape's "security is a
product / don't worry, just look for the cute blue key" approach, but would
replace it with their own "security is a product / trust the phone but not
the net" approach. Both suggestions (and the implication of the Murky News
articles, that one can be trusted but not the other) are wrong. Security is
never a product. (Not a firewall, not a fancy browser, not PGP, not a gun,
not the Club, not an airbag.) FV has tried to productize their approach
(out-of-band transfer of credit card number + long clearing time for sellers
+ negligible per-unit cost for goods sold) but it won't work any better for
FV consumers than it does for anyone else who tries to buy something which
can't be sold.
It's a shame that Garfinkel didn't spend more time/column space on
suggestions or observations from the independent people he interviewed and
less time on the "hot news - Netscape security broken by a competitor"
angle. Are there really any "big money" people left who don't have formal or
informal access to someone computer/Internet savvy enough who could have
pointed out that the cardshark attack is nothing new? Yes, bad things happen
if you run bad software. A two-way link between your computer and the rest
of the world means it's possible for bad software to send your data to other
people. It's the "Prodigy reads your hard disk/Microsoft Registration Wizard
reads your hard disk" scare all over again, with "Prodigy" replaced by "evil
untraceable criminals" and "hard disk" replaced by "keystrokes". Duh. We should, however, learn from what FV did right - they wrote software which
(apparently) had or can have a real political effect. (It seems to have
worked on Garfinkel, anyway). Cypherpunks write code? FV wrote code and got
some attention for their otherwise unexciting message. (It seems to be a
combination of working code and good user interface - witness the cooing
over the icon indicating which type of credit card you're using and the fact
that it uninstalls itself.) It's a shame that they won't use their powers
for good instead of evil.
"The anchored mind screwed into me by the psycho-  | Greg Broiles
lubricious thrust of heaven is the one that thinks | gbroiles at netbox.com
every temptation, every desire, every inhibition." |
