
@_date: 1997-09-16 00:55:59
@_author: Dan Geer 
@_subject: Real issue of crypto controls: security or taxation loss? 
as you say,
    Sun Tsu (from memory): select the battleground where you are
    strongest and the enemy is weakest.
which is good advice.  i recall Tzu also saying that you need to use
the enemy's momentum to your advantage, the principle of judo if you will.  in parallel,
revolutionaries of many stripes have found
that "heightening the contrast" is necessary
if you mean for real change to occur.  which brings me to ask, rhetorically i suspect,
how we might heighten the contrast.  i'd suggest
delegating to some of us a support-the-bill
effort complete with a detailed description of
how the transmorgrified proposal that makes
illegal all sorts of now ordinary acts.
 * you can't talk on the phone in a language the surveillance
   folk don't know (witness Compuserve's prohibition of Welsh
   on their otherwise monitored bulletin boards)
 * cryptographic door locks are now illegal without escrow
   (witness the SecurID-equipped door knob)
 * contracts that are transmitted over electronic means including
   facsimile must not be encrypted unless the keys are made
   available (witness the proliferation of safe fax machines)
 * no end-to-end encrypting cellular telephones may be used even
   if you are talking to someone in an otherwise hostile country
   (witness the formal industrial espionage of some countries)
 * passwords that map directly to encryption keys must therefore
   be escrowed (witness nearly everything but start with all the
   Kerberos derivatives including new NT stuff)
 * banks have to ensure that encrypted materials put into their
   safety deposit boxes are escrowed (sue somebody for the keys
   in their box naming the bank co-defendant for failure to escrow)
 * the attorney client privilege will not apply to my whispering
   my key to him/her, i.e., if i tell my attorney my key they are
   now my escrow agent even if it means violating the sanctity
   of the private conversation (witness i-don't-know-what but
   call Kevorkian to enlist him)
 * outlaw anonymous trading and the firms that provide it on the
   grounds that these represent encryption-of-names (witness the
   rules requiring such trading under some circumstances and the
   convention for others)
in other words, shift the weight of who is radical
to them.  wrap ourselves in the flag deep within the
big-government-sucks camp.  march on the capital
dressed as skin heads demanding the end of privacy
for some sorrowful group or other.  send the kind
of letters that get you into trouble with the
Secret Service but send them encrypted in Bill's
private key (which you can issue him whether he likes
it or not).  mau-mau the flak catchers...

@_date: 1998-04-21 18:01:50
@_author: Dan Geer 
@_subject: Position escrow 
This is a really difficult issue.
And how.  How does this interact with phones whose
access (telephone) number is non-unique?
Could where I am calling from be divorced
from what instrument I am using to call?
Is there a parallel between smearing the
signal over a spectrum of radio frequencies
and smearing the identifying information
over a spectrum of numbers? Could calls
to 911 carry no phone number but just
"here I am" information -- a panic button
function, in other words?
I imagine I sound like someone calling in
to an ASK THE EXPERTS radio show...

@_date: 1998-12-08 12:53:33
@_author: Dan Geer 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
> What an incredibly talented liar, I mean diplomat, he is.
Ah, but you forget that the definition of diplomacy
is the art of lying in State.

@_date: 2000-10-06 23:06:16
@_author: Dan Geer 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Internet bearer cryptography patent trusts (was Re: Chaumian cash redux)  
An actual discussion of the value of patents would be, at once,
fascinating, maddening, and pointless.
However, I will risk an anecdote.  I attended one of Guy Kawasaki's
"Boot Camp for Startups" and registered as "inventor."  Guy's events
are two days and almost entirely panel discussions, with some
motivational speakers thrown in.  Guy is superb, I should say, at
stocking the panels with people who know something.
Wearing my "inventor" badge, I asked nearly every member of nearly
every panel what they they had to say about intellectual property
protection.  This means that I asked the same question to samples
of size 4 of each of lawyers, accountants, entrepreneurs, noveau
riche cash-outs, venture capitalists, business strategy folk and
assorted greybeards.  Unanimously, the answer was "Intellectual
property protection is vital.  Do it right, do it early, don't
scrimp.  In a dog eat dog world, it is all you've really got."
With one exception.
Every single one of the VCs there, and similarly every single one
of the VCs I've talked to corroboratingly since, said that IP
protection is so pointless they don't even value it when sizing
a deal.  Why?  Because in the Internet sector, it is winner
take all.  Win it all, and your IP position does not matter.  Die
quick or slow, you're still dead and your IP position does not
matter.  Go for patents and you'll get something in 24-36 months
that is (1) almost surely overlapping somebody else's patent, the USPTO being what it is, and (2) totally irrelevant because
the live or die, the win it all or lose it all, point is circa
18 months.  The game is over before your pizza boy comes.
Unconvinced?  Cost out patenting something on a global basis...

@_date: 2001-09-01 01:38:39
@_author: Dan Geer 
@_subject: Stealth Computing Abuses TCP Checksums  
.     "Below, we present an implementation of a parasitic computer
.     using the checksum function.  In order for this to occur,
.     one needs to design a special message that coerces a target server
.     into performing the desired computation."
This is the same principle that underlies denial of service
attacks -- the irreducible residual vulnerability of a system
to denial of service is proportional to the amount of work (or
time) that system must do (or consume) before it can conclude
its initial authorization decision.  Ironically, the more
precise and complex that authorization decision process, the
greater the amount of work that the active (initiating) side of
the connection can call on the passive side to perform.  This
critically bears on protocol and application security design.

@_date: 2002-06-22 17:37:05
@_author: geer@world.std.com 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
Not arguing, but the hardware cost curve for storage has a shorter
halving time than the cost curve for CPU (Moore's Law) and the
corresponding halving time for bandwidth is shorter still.
If that relationship holds up over a period of years, today's
tradeoffs between cache, re-computation, and anticipatory
transmission would presumably change in the direction the
economics dictates.
And of course, if I really care that a particular piece of data
is non-discoverable I either have to encrypt it, never transmit
it, or go on one whopping search mission.
Or so I think.  Does the world look different from your vantage?

@_date: 2004-06-15 16:30:08
@_author: geer@world.std.com 
@_subject: Breaking Iranian Codes (Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, June 15, 2003)  
Maybe Chalabi made up a story that turned out
to be true and, like the 1965 movie "I saw what
you did and I know who you are" where a pair
of teenagers make prank calls at random and say
that sentence -- which is fun until they ring
up a guy who just murdered his wife -- now has
to explain that which is impossible to explain.
