
@_date: 2001-01-12 17:56:28
@_author: Gene N Haldeman 
@_subject: Dell, Unisys and Microsoft -- DUMvoting 1.0! 
"This Message Can Not Be Considered Spam, Even Though It Is.  Some Law That Never Was Enacted Says So."
Dell, Unisys and Microsoft have joined together to produce:
  DUMvoting 1.0!
DUMvoting 1.0 is a simple 375k zipped download which you can install on
your machine tonight, and vote for President tomorrow!  Worried about
hanging chad?  Not with DUMvoting 1.0!  No, your vote will travel over
HEALTHY SAFE Internet connections to our new DUMvoteCenter, located in my
next-door neighbor's basement where a 16-year-old computer genius known as
SWORDGANDALF will convert it into paper ballots in between Dungeons and
Dragons games.
(Note: During installation, a pop-up box may notify you that Back Orifice
is being installed.  This is normal.  For best results, please disable all
anti-virus software before installing DUMvoting 1.0)
NEVER AGAIN will you walk to a voting booth in the rain.  NEVER AGAIN will
you have to associate with the kind of people (and you know what I'm talking
about, I don't have to spell it out for you, do I?) who hang around the
voting area.  NO MORE messy contact with neighbors.  We have got it ALL
WORKED OUT for you.
And with our new SPEEDYEXITPOLL (c), you won't have to wait till midnight
for the outcome!  We will be sending our projections the day before the
elections, and our exit polls by 11:30 am on election day, saving you both
time and anxiety.
You must act fast, but DUMvoting 1.0 can be rushed to you for the low, low
price of $299.00 from our website at DUMvoting.com.  In addition, we will
send you OILMAN 3.2, the exciting new game from Microsoft:  Alaska's Up For
Grabs, And You Have Just Been Appointed To The EPA!  Plunder as you will,
but watch out for the charging caribou; we're told they have a "thing" for
the pipeline!
Order without delay.  Please include your Social Security number and any
recent medical bills.
*Sent by the Dell/Unisys/Microsoft Consortium:  "DUMideas Last Forever."
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639
