
@_date: 2012-07-11 10:15:04
@_author: George Chamales 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Invitation - Hacking Humanitarian Technology 
Thought this might be of interested to some of the folks on the list.
*Hacking Humanitarian Technology Before the Bad Guys Do*
Event:  JIFX-RELIEF Field Exploration
Location:  Camp Roberts, CA
Dates:  August 15-16, 2012
In the last 18 months there have been a steady increase in attacks by
hostile groups against citizens and response organizations utilizing
communications and Internet technologies.  Those attacks include
custom malware targeting activists in Syria, harassment and
infiltration of civil rights monitoring groups in Egypt, and the
murder of citizen reporters in Mexico.
The JIFX-RELIEF Field Explorations are acknowledged to be the premier
venue for creating interoperable civil-military systems for
Humanitarian Assistance / Disaster Response (HA/DR) operations.  This
year's RELIEF experiments will bring together members of the security
community to evaluate the security strengths and weaknesses of several
technologies that are being deployed in hostile environments.
Participants from the security community will have the opportunity to:
* Support the development of emergency and humanitarian technologies
* Meet a variety of groups working in the humanitarian technology space
* Interact with other members of the public and private security community
The security evaluations will take part over two separate days and
security experts are invited to take part in one or both:
*August 15th*:  Tour of the different experiments taking place and
discussions with the owners and operators of those technologies to
provide the security expert's view of the strengths and weaknesses of
the technology.
*August 16th*:  Penetration testing of a set of those technologies as
they to identify and fix vulnerabilities before they are attacked in
fielded in hostile environments.
The attached document contains more information on the experiments
that will be taking place and the organizations involved.  If you are
interested in taking part in the security assessment on one or both
days please RSVP to george at roguegenius.com by August 1st.
Thank you for your time and interest in supporting the development of
secure technologies for use in crisis and disaster response
George Chamales
Rogue Genius LLC
Phone:  718.288.7718
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
