
@_date: 2001-08-03 11:24:10
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: (file sharing) morpheus rules! 
[review deleted]
Some questions that would be of relevance duscussing
file-sharing systems on this group:
is it adware/spyware?  Is the source available?  If not,
do they at least make the communication protocol open
so you could build your own client if you wanted to?

@_date: 2001-08-03 13:22:04
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 5149 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-08-04 13:04:40
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
I didn't mean to imply that BU had suggested that this would My impression is that BU's response to me was based on a misundertanding of what I was saying.  My suggestion "encrypt your data and post it on freenet" was based on the idea that
1) I want to be able to say with perfect truthfulness "I cannot comply
with your order to turn over ALL copies" and
2) I don't want to release it to the whole world's prying inquisitive The key point is,  I want to make sure I will always have access to
my information.  I wasn't suggesting I could delete all local copies
and tell the judge,  "sorry,  can't give you any copies,  don't
have them" and mutter under my breath "but I could get them
if I really wanted to".  I wouldn't expect a judge to buy that line
of reasoning,  I wouldn't buy it myself.
I don't think this is right either.  It's more like
1) Judges and prosecutors may interpret laws in ways that seem completely divergent from the laws as written,  but at least these
bizzare interpreations are internally consistent (that is,  judges
will follow precedent).
2) designing your systems in certain ways that take into
account certain tortured interpretations of the law can
potentially save you a lot of grief and
3) Lawyers will most likely know a lot more about
these tortured interpretations than will non-lawyers.
Really,  I don't think this stuff is all that controversial.
For example, the suggestion that your legal position is stronger
if you can say "we've never had the logs you're asking for" than if say "we delete those logs every 24 hours to keep the disk from
filling up,  so they're gone,  sorry" makes perfect sense.  This isn't to say your position isn't strong in the second case also,
but there's more potential for grief;  even a case that you win pretty
quickly can cost you a lot in terms of money and inconenience.

@_date: 2001-08-05 18:38:17
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Curious Propsenity of Some Cypherpunks for (loud) Willful Ignorance.  Was: Re: Spoliation cites 
Hey,  wait a second,  I never announced my intention to behave in any sort of behavior,  I think maybe I suggested that certain actions
might be appropriate in certain hypothetical contexts,  but I was
always at least that vague.  As I said before, I'm on nobody's side If a lawyer type (BU or anyone else) wishes to post a list of specific
recommended policies which he feels can minimize the risk
of unpleasant contact with the judicial system,  without compromising our own goals, I think it's wise to give such
recommendations due consideration.
In the specific case of remailer operators, keeping logs which could be used to identify the original senders of messages is clearly
incompatible with the function of remailers,  and any node keeping
such logs should be considered cancerous.

@_date: 2001-08-05 19:13:15
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Maybe.  Just so I'll know for sure,  are you agreeing with me or
ridiculing me?  I'm well aware that my own style makes it difficult
to tell when (if ever) I'm serious.  I mean,  I'm not stupid enough
to actually tell a judge, "you're an insane, ignorant idiot,  facts are
wasted on you, so instead of getting a lawyer that actually
knows something about this area of law, I went looking for the hottest chick I can find who is legally qualified to practice law in
this district,  in hopes that you'll drool over her and find in my
favor".  I'm not stupid enough to SAY it,  but I just might
be stupid enough to TRY it,  if I felt that that was my best chance of
reaching a favorable verdict. As for unamused judges,  if I were to tell a judge that a judge is
just a law student who gets to grade his own papers, do you
think he'd say that's
1) not funny at all
2) maybe funny the first time,  but this is like the 200th
3) a real knee slapper?

@_date: 2001-08-06 14:01:25
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable    
Depends on exactly what you mean by "taken down forcefully".
If you just mean forced to cease operations without additional
repercussions, I think it's more likely that more would pop up.
Just speculation, or course, but I suspect there are quite a few
people out there who would be willing and able to run remailers but
don't bother doing it because there's no perceived need
and no real payoff.  I believe in principle a mixmaster network really only needs
two remailers to exist to function properly.

@_date: 2001-08-07 11:07:14
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: cypherpunks@cyberpass.net closing 
Could some helpful soul post a current list of currently working
remailers,  ideally with some commentary as to one might be better
than another?
I used to use ssz,  for some reason it stopped sending me stuff,
although I still see stuff that seems to come through there.

@_date: 2001-08-08 10:13:56
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Pavlovich 
Could someone more versed in the law attempt
to elaborate on the logic the judge is applying here?
I mean,  Pavlovich is a Purdue student with a Russian sounding
name, so presumably he lives in Indiana.  As I read it,  the judge
seems to feel that Californai law should apply to Pavlovich
becasue Pavlovich KNOWS that lost of movies are
made in Hollywood,  and even that Hollywood happens to
be in California.
Now,  I could understand the reasoning sort of if the judge had
merely stated that any case where the plaintiff is californian
should be tried in california,  home team advantage and all that,  but
why should it matter that the defendent KNOWS that Hollywood
is in California?  I probably shouldn't admit this,  but
I happen to know that a lot of peanuts are grown in Senegal.
Should I be worried?
George

@_date: 2001-08-08 12:39:17
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: No fault antitrust 
So under this "no fault antitrust" proposal, we strip away the illusion that the DOJ is punishing predatory behavior and accept that,  in fact,  what is being punished is market share dominance?
Interesting notion, here's why I don't think this will work:  the
single difficult point in most of these antitrust cases is
determining what constitutes the market in question in
the first place.  For example,  in the Microsoft case,  Microsoft
was held to have a monoploly on operating systems for computers
which use intel processors.  Obviously,  there is no such market
in the first place.  There's a server market (in which sun competes),
there's a personal computer market (in which Apple competes),
but there's no fucking such thing as the Intel (or compatible)
powered computer market,  it's as absurd a concept as the
spaghetti sauce with Paul Newman's picture on the jar market.   The other possible advantage of allegedly punishing companies
for actually engaging in unethical actions rather than merely
for getting too large a market share is the (admittedly unlikely)
psossibility that in some cases the claims might be true.
For example,  consider a hypothetical case in which, due to
economies of scale or whatever, that there really only ought to
be one supplier of a given product.  Would forcing that company to
raise its prices until its market share falls to approved levels really
be to anyone's benefit?
George

@_date: 2001-08-08 14:37:38
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: lynx for mirroring? (Re: Advertisements on Web Pages) 
I use something called wget that I go from gnu for this.  It just comes as source,  although you could probably find a
compiled version somewhere.  I could email the .exe as an attachment if you want.

@_date: 2001-08-08 17:47:12
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: No fault antitrust 
I really don't see how they could.  Any meaningful definition
or markets in this sense has to somehow be based on
the function of the product,  not the fact that it happens to
invorporate a specific brand of third party hardware.
I'm not disputing that Microsoft had a monoply BTW.  I think it's
a perfectly reasonable position that Apple's competition is
sufficiently meager to say that Microsoft has an effective monoply
on personal computer operating systems.  I'm just saying that
refusing to consider it because it gets its cpus from a different vendor was completely fucked up reasoning on the part of the judge.
Yeah,  I understand that,  that's why I added the "or whatever",
maybe I should have left out the "economies of scale" part.
But the point is,  what exactly is the goal?  I mean,  getting back to
Microsoft,  establishing that they had a monopoly was a necessary
preliminary,  but allegedly what the really did wrong
was to unethically use their OS monopoly to obtain an unfair
advantage in the browser market.  Now,  if we say,  "yeah,  but
that's all bullshit,  it's the monopoly itself that's the problem",
OK fine.  But if we pretend to believe the claim that the behavior we
wish to discourage is msft using its monoply in OS to obtain advantages in other markets,  well, obviously,  any sanctions
based on market share alone can't be expected to acheive this.   I'm not quite sure what you mean by this.  Who can say what possible choices you might have in the future,  and when those possibilities might be foreclosed?  If AMD died off,  Intel might
not have quite as strong an incentive as they do now to keep
coming up with improved chips,  but they'd still have a strong
incentive,  because much of their sales come from people
upgrading their systems from an old Intel CPU to a new one.
(Or buying a whole new Intel CPU system to replace the old one).
This is even truer in the software industry;  square cut or pear shaped,  programs never lose their shape,  programs are a girls
best friend I mean forever.
Oh,  one other thing I just thought of.  I'm not comfortable with
the idea that trademarks are priviledges that can be revoked.  It
seems to me that a trademark essentially is a way of attaching
a reputation for quality to a product,  and that "revoking" the
trademark and allowing any random bozo to use it is
essentially defrauding the consumer.

@_date: 2001-08-09 16:23:03
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
Worth reading,  I particularly liked the quote,  "In fact,  in reviewing Exhibit I of the government's opposition brief,  its contents are in
the truest sense 'gobbledygook'." I might actually like this judge!
Here's the URL:

@_date: 2001-08-13 12:34:54
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation. 
Well,  nobody can say with certainty exactly what would have happened in contrary-to-fact situations,  and litigation will
probably encourage some innovations while discouraging others,
but it seems to me that litigation is highly unlikely to encourage
innovation overall;  it seems to me that you are much more likely to
lose a case if your product is hazardous in a way that
distinguishes itself from the industry standard,  even if it's
safer overall,  and in any case most potential innovations don't
have anything to do with increasing safety. free to value product safety as they choose.  Legislation which,
say,  mandates air bags appears to assume that consumers tend to undervalue their own safety, a proposition I object to
on philosophical grounds.  Liability works more or less the same Right.  Safety at all costs.  The cost of safety is already too
high in most industries IMNSHO.
An entire movement dedicated to the idea that Eugene is
very wrong?  Now I'm jealous,  I can be as wrong as him,
wronger even.   On behalf of my fellow misanthropes,  thanks for the clarification.

@_date: 2001-08-13 17:55:03
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: More Liability Issues.  Was: Re: Products Liability and Innovation. 
Strikes me as being a circular argument, since  which activities
are "sufficiently safe to be economically viable" depends on
the size of the awards.   Less misanthropic ones,  maybe.  We more misanthropic
critics are more likely to complain about being prevented from
engaging activities which we know damn well contain an
element of risk,  a risk we are willing to assume  because
in our judgement the benefits outweigh the risks.
I had to read this about a dozen times before it made sense to me,
here's why:  there's an implicit assumption here that the "damages"
awarded in liability lawsuits acurately reflects the actual damages
suffered by the plaintiff.  The impression I get is that awards tend to
be orders of magnitude larger than they should be.
I really don't think so.  I think we're at the point where around 10-50 million dollars are spent per life saved,  and I don't think most people are worth anything near that.  I wouldn't even value my
own life that highly;  that is to say,  I probably wouldn't take certain death for 50 million, because I'm not sure what I'd spend the money on if I were dead, booze and hookers would do me no good,  but
I'd probably take a 10% chance of death for 5 million.
I suspect when you do the economical analysis,  if you
assume your damages awarded actually equal damages suffered,
with strict liability you end up with the same products on the
market and the same corporate profits as you would in a world where you assume no strict liability but that assume customers are able to correctly evaluate risks in their purchasing decisions,
the main difference being that with strict liability the costs are smeared over all consumers and without it the costs are born solely by the ones that suffer mishaps.

@_date: 2001-08-15 11:59:22
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: food fo thought 
I think we've all seen this type of argument before.
Interestingly enough,  the article offers no support whatsoever for
any part of this other than the "the internet can be controlled" part.
What dire consequences will come from circumventing bad laws
is never addressed in this type of article,  at least not in
any that I've read.  And with good reason: congress has already conclusively demenostrated that they do not have the wisdom and knowledge to make good laws for cyberspace,  no way,  no how.
So let's just take a look at the arguments for the assertion that
"the internet can be controlled". The form argument
seems to be listing "myths" followed by "refutation by anecdote".  I
find this a particularly unpersuasive form of argument.  I'll go into a little more dtail,  probably more than is actually merited.
"Myth  The internet is too international to be controlled".
Refuting anecdote: Swapnet is allegedly based in St. Kitts and Nevis,  non-signatories to the WIPO.  However,  because of limited bandwidth going to the carribean island,  their big servers  are actually situated in Virginia. I'm unimpressed.  as the article points out,  access to the islands is
being upgraded,  and besides, even a relatively slow connection to
an uncensorable site can be extremely useful.  For example, you could have your legally secure slow connection have pointers
to the location of files rather than the files themselves.
"Myth  The Net is too Interconnected to Control"
Refuting Anectdote: Gnutella doesn't scale well,  with Bearshare
the "peers" aren't really equal,  and Freenet is unsearchable.
The "point" here is that the majority of lusers still have dialup
connections,  and are in no position to offer useful services,
even if they were willing to.
First off,  the number of people with persistent,  higher speed connections is rapidly increasing and second,  this ain't a democracy.  It may be true that you would "only" have to shut down 5-10% or so of Bearshare's clients to make the remaining
network virtually useless,  but I think that's still an enormous number of machines.
"Myth  The net is too filled with Hackers to control"
Refuting Assertion: You can build controls into the hardware,
and that can't be hacked.
Well,  maybe,  but that requires people to go out and buy
their own straightjackets. Also,  it's importnat to remember that information isn't hardware,  it's bits.  It just takes one person to post a "cracked" file and then it doesn't matter whether the attempts to restrict
copying are implemented in hardware or software,  because the
file is no longer recognized as being copy protected. I could rant on,  but all this is really only addressing what I consider to be the minor assertion,  which is that "you'e going
to lose sooner or later,  so you might as well give up."
The more important assertiion (IMO) is that "the sooner you give up,  the better it'll go for you".  I haven't seen any support at all
offered for this position,  and I think the only appropriate reply
to it is,  "Bullshit".
George

@_date: 2001-08-15 16:07:02
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
I really don't think so.  It's possible some people were more concerned with political speech in the sense that the idea
that Congress might try to ban "dirty books" wouldn't have
ocurred to them in the first place,  whereas the idea that
it might try to ban "subversive" or "heretical" speech seemed
a more likely threat,  but the idea that political speech is
somehow more deserving of protection (as opposed to more
in need) would have been as alien to the founding fathers as it
is to me.
I'll take that a step further; the only people who will assert that
political speech is somehow more important than any other kind
are people who have spent too much of their lives heavily involved
in politics. I think the same concept is true for the BoR in general.  The 4th
amendment prohibition against unreasonable serach and seizure
isn't there to give criiminals (political or otherwise) a sporting
chance,  it's that your life is essentially your own,  and if society
wants to invade your home they'd better have a damn good reason.
The reason there isn't an amendment in the BoR protecting your
right to eat,  drink,  and smoke what you choose is that the glutinous pothead drunkards who wrote the Constitution never
conceived of such abusive laws in the first place,  which in turn
is because the bush-league tyrant George III never even considered
trying to inflict such laws on the populace.  Well,  that's just something the Supremes made up,  but,
to be fair,  the idea that the 14th extends the protection of
most but not quite all of the BoR from Congress to the states
is more or less something the Supremes made up also.
How many does it take?  I suspect the vast majority don't care
much one way or the other.  They don't read,  they don't care what
or if other people read, hell, I haven't even read Lolita myself,
saw the Kubrik film though.
Self-label if you choose.  But don't be too surprised when others choose otherwise.  More to the point,  don't be too surprised when
others self label and rate their content in a way radically different to
the way you would.
George

@_date: 2001-08-17 14:19:47
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Physicspunks 
The important fact that you seem to be unaware of
is that the body that radiates faster also
absorbs more (reflects less).  A black plate will
radiate faster than a white one,  but the white plate
is reflecting almost all the light that hits.
Cavity radiation and blackbody radiation are used synonymously.

@_date: 2001-08-18 09:35:23
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: rocks 
Under rocks is where some of the most intersting stuff is.

@_date: 2001-08-18 12:47:53
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Motives 
Normally I try to avoid such questions,  I find it
much more significant what people do than why
they do it, but this one for some
reason has me puzzled.  What the hell DO you have to gain?
Surely you can't just be hoping to get some cool new recipes that
way,  there are easier and better ways to do it.
As the amputee porn fan put it,  I'm stumped.
I'm easily bamboozled by anything allegedly female, but
the impression I get is that she's under the impression more bomb recipies leads to more unwanted scrutiny from
LEOs.  Personally, I think such ideas are largely mistaken.  Nobody
ever taught any investigator even vaguely worthy of the name not to
look under rocks.
I did consider it pretty funny that the assertion that LEOs don't get
to hide behind remailers was made right before they announced
a patent on their clone of Freedom,  but then again,  I see humor
everywhere.

@_date: 2001-08-21 09:21:04
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
Harm does,  but "harm" doesn't.  It's pretty easy to claim that
books and movies etc which "glorify" "bad" behavior lead to
viewers being more likely to engage in the bad behavior glorified,
or bad behavior in general,  without even trying to claim that
a particular "bad book" was responsible for a particular crime.
I have two differnet reponses to this kind of accusation:
1) Bullshit, I'm not responsible for other people's actions.
2) If I agreed about it being "bad behavior" I wouldn't be
"glorifying" it in the first place.
The problem with this analysis is that it ignores the crucial point that the people calling for labelling ("voluntary" or otherwise)
are not your customers, they're people trying to protect their
own or their children's virgin eyes from content they find
offensive or blasphemous or whatever.  You have an economic
incentive to please your customers, but you have no incentive to please people who aren't your customers.
George

@_date: 2001-08-26 09:14:57
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Gnutella scanning instead of service providers. 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 3567 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-08-26 09:20:14
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: PETA gets control of parody peta.org domain, says appeals 
Did you actually look at the site in question before writing this
it is not a "parody site",  the only part that is parody is the title.
The resources,  the advocacy of meat eating, hunting, animal use
in reaearch,  etc. are all genuine.
George

@_date: 2001-08-26 09:34:29
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money  
Crick and Watson.  Washington's myopia in thinking olny lawyers are worth listening to is indicative of the type of government we have.  Don't forget Muhammed Ali and Andrew Dice Clay.  I know you've only been listing scientists,  but you said
non-lawyers.     Anyone who gets a lot of attention,
for whatever reasom,  is likely to be able to have a hell
of a lot more influence on society than most lawyers or

@_date: 2001-08-31 12:13:32
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
I agree completely.
Here I disagree completely.  I think in a properly designed anonymity system the users will be, well, anonymous, and
it should be impossible to tell any more about them than that they
pay their bills on time. Certainly most potential users would balk at
requirements that they prove who they were and justify their desire
to use such a system, since that would tend to defeat the purpose. Well, Tim hasn't been excessivly shy about expressing his political
opinions IMO, but that's not really relevant. I don't think it serves any purpose to discuss who constitute "valiant freedom fighters
resisting a tyrannical government" and who are "bloody terrorist
fanatics attempting to overthrow a benign legitimate government
and replace it wth a worse one" in this forum.  We may have strong opinions on this matter as individuals, but it is completely unreasonable to expect us to come to any kind of consensus as a group.  Nor is it necessarily beneficial to do so. Would a system useful to the "virtuous" seperatist Kurds in Iraq be different in any
technical way from a system used by the "evil" seperatist Kurds
in Turkey? I haven't noticed anyone actually saying anything complimentary
about Bin Laden or the Taliban.  But it's pretty pointless to say,
"hey, I've got this great idea, but it's not for Islamics, it's for
anti-Castro Cubans". (We like them, right?  And some of them have
lots of money, right?)  Any discussion along those lines is only productive way down the line when you're actually near deploying something. Or at least soliciting genine bids for developement
Wrong.  When discussing design of a system, it makes sense to limit discussion to parameters relevant to system design.  How
much individuals might be willing to pay to protect their privacy,
how great of injuries they might suffer if their privacy is compromised, is relevant to system design.  Why they
want privacy, whether you or I as individuals would think of them
as "good guys" or "bad guys",  really isn't.
Unless you want to make a bizzare assertion like "anyone potentially willing to spend upwards of 50 bucks a message
is almost certainly a bad guy, so it's manifestly immoral to design a system with that kind of marke6t in mind".  Forgive my close-
mindedness, but I think that kind of argument is sufficiently absurd to be unworthy of consideration.
George

@_date: 2001-08-31 19:25:27
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Is it possible to set things up so that duplicate messages are filtered out based on a message digest rather than a message ID?
I'm dumb as a post and have no clue how message IDs are generated in the first place,  but it seems to this simpleton that
any hash function on the message body would be guarenteed to catch duplicate messages.

@_date: 2001-12-01 08:18:45
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Not exactly.  You can pay a PR firm to try and help improve
your reputation, but that's not the same thing a reputation
pre-assembled and gift wrapped.  Most likely they'll just tell you
to wear more earth tones, which won't actually help.
I'm surprised I've gotten so much disagreement over this,
particularly since my original statement was much weaker than it could have been.  For reputation to have a single well defined
value it is necessary but not sufficient that there be a market
in reputations; it must be a COMMODITIZED market. think
that can happen?
Reputation is essentially a kind of credential.  If I've got a piece of
paper that says I can speak Navajo (hypthetical, I can't really)
and I sell that piece of paper, I won't lose the ability to speak Navajo, nor will the purchaser gain it.  A market in such pieces of paper would be self-destructive, since knowledge that such papers
are commonly bought and sold would quickly make the papers themselves worthless.
George

@_date: 2001-12-01 13:40:13
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
We're not disagreeing. By a "single" value I meant a universally
agreed upon value.  It's likely true that the owner of any item will
have a single value that he thinks he'll be out if that item is
destroyed (I can't see how there could be more than one),
but unless the item is a commodity, nobody else will know for
sure what that value is.

@_date: 2001-12-03 09:26:19
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Well, I thought so, but apparently not everyone does, since there's
been a certain amount of discussion as to whether a nym might be
sold (with associated reputation) and if so how it might be accomplished. OK, I like this as the basis of the value of a repuation  in the specific context of an entity that sells goods and services.
I think the concept of reputation in the sense of, say, something
that helps you identify posts worth reading is sufficiently
different as to merit separate discussion. But back to your
above statement. Obviously the value of the rep isn't the
extra you get from a single transaction.  Does it seem reasonable to say that  the total value of the rep should be the total
annual extra you get from having the rep times some constant?
I think technically it should be the discounted future value stream,
but I think that works out to be pretty much the same thing.

@_date: 2001-12-10 16:16:56
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: "Spoiling" digital cash 
An idea just popped into my head, I was wondering if
anyone had thought of this before. Most likely someone has,
and has either proven the idea is impossible or has figured
out how to do it.
Th idea is,  when buying some good or service with
digital cash,  the customer first forwards the cash to the vendor
in some transformed way such that the vendor can't yet spend it, but can verify that it is
good cash of the correct amount, and that the customer will no longer be able to spend it.
The idea is, if the vendor follows through on his side,
the customer will supply the additional information the
vendor will need to redeem the cash.  The customer can still
rip the vendor off by refusing to do so, but he has no incentive,
the money's already gone for him.  Conversely,  an
unscrupulous "vendor" could in principle trick a customer
into throwing away money on nothing,  but he would gain no profit
in doing so.
I realize the same effect is trivial to achieve if you have a mutually
trusted third party willing to act as escrow agent, but if you
don't, is there a a way to build this into a transfer protocol?

@_date: 2001-12-14 15:46:18
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
I was highly suspicious of these so-called
"Crime Victims for a Just Society", so I ran their
name through an anagram generator. The relevant match
was "COMMITS JUSTIFICATIVE SORCERY".
I trust the link to Eric Cordian and the OTO is now
clear to everyone.

@_date: 2001-12-18 12:04:39
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
Interesting article.  However, it appears that it's not the fonts themselves that are copyrightable, but rather the "code"
that draws them.  From the same article:
The fact that a computer program produces unprotectable typefaces does not make the computer program itself unprotectable," Whyte wrote in the decision, issued earlier this week. Font designers "make creative choices as to what points to select based on the image in front of them on the computer screen."
The judge explicitly states that the typefaces themselves are not
copyrightable,  and implies that other "code" which produces the same
effect would not be covered by the  copyright. Further, if it could be
shown that there really aren't any creative decisions being made
here, that any code that produces the same effect would have to
be essentially the same code, then presumably the judge's
decision would be overturned. I'm not being sarcastic with the
"presumably" here, so please ridicule me for my naivate, I need that
every now and then.
Personally, I think the judge is an idiot, that the amount of "creativity"
in deciding what reference points to use to vectorize a font is
about equal to the amount of "creativity" required to decide what
color to make the oceans on a world map, but I'm sure there are
fraphic design people who would vehemently disagree; "of course it
should be blue, but what exact shade of blue?"
Are you sure the font name isn't a trademark rather than a copyright?
That would seem to make a lot more sense, although come
to think of it, neither seems to make much sense.

@_date: 2001-12-18 15:54:32
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: spam and Remailers 
Wouldn't it HAVE to do that if they want their spam forwarded?
I mean, doesn't the remailer perform one layer of decryption
to find the address that it's supposed to next forward the message Say, what IS the situation with spam and remailers anyway?
are spammers really trying to use the mixmaster network to
send lots of spam, or is it more like that the remailers get sent lots of spam and have to filter it out because it would take too
long to process?  I mean, does spam follow the protocol?  You know what else should be easy?  Setting up and running a remailer! So why shouldn't an ambitious spammer set up his
own remailer server? Or better yet, a whole bunch of them?
Except instead of sending dummy traffic, it sends spam.
This is actually a really good thing from remailer security,
because a dummy message that ends up telling
some fool about russian porn sites ot nigerian graft opportunities is much more befuddling to an attacker than one
that just disappers, right?
George

@_date: 2001-12-18 17:46:02
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Wired on e-gold 
Which illustrates why "cypherpunks write code".  Promises to protect your privacy aren't worth much. particularly when the
people who have the authority to enforce contracts are the ones
trying to get your info in the first place.
The only way to have good confidence that someone won't give out your personal info is if they don't have
your info. I'd ask for a source, but I really don't care that much.  Although would like to say that I suspect using "transactions" as
a metric is itself probably misleading.  It's like the dot bombs that
would have a volume of twice the number of outstanding shares
every day, yet 90% of the stock was never publically
traded. You could say the average share traded twice a day,
but that would be highly misleading. I'm not a real gold bug,
really I'm not, but I could play one fairly convincingly if I wanted to.
Gold bugs don't do a whole lot of transactions, they hold
their gold. Commodities traders and gold bugs are very different
animals, but if they wanted to appeal to commodities traders,
they should've called it e-pork-bellies.  If the idea was to
appeal to suckers trying to get rich quick,
maybe e-Hillary-Clinton-Cattle-futures. They love their own privacy, but hate other peoples'.
A thief would be very disappointed if he had no way of
knowing who was rich and who was poor.  How would he know
whom to profitably rob? A thief would love to know
who had guns and who didn't. Then he'd know whom
he could rob safely.  No they don't; remailer operators never get a clue what "a
substantial majority of the messages they send contain".
Rather, the only time they'll be made aware of what message they
carry contain is 1) if they're the last hop and 2) there's a complaint.
Only a tiny minority of messages will have both apply.
Total and unmitigated bullshit. In fact, everyone who isn't
an exhibitionist is hiding stuff most of the time, and most
of them are performing a public service in doing so.
This is backwards.  The reason that nobody insists, for example,
that Blockbuster not sell lists of what moves they've checked out
is not that they wouldn't care if this was done, but rather that
it wouldn't occur to them that such a thing might happen in the
first place. It is not true that only somone with a "nefarious purpose"
in mind would want that list kept confidential; rather, only somone
with a nefarious purpose would try to obtain such a list
on someone else in the first place.

@_date: 2001-12-18 17:55:46
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
I suspect that someone has pointed out to the sponsors how completely insane the SSSCA as drafted is, and they're
trying to figure out if it's possible to redraft the thing in
such a way that it retains its essence yet does not
outlaw electric toasters.  It's not. Nah; it just means that anyone making any electrical or mechanical
device for the next twenty years would have to pay Microsoft "Surely "is analogous to" is a reflective relation?

@_date: 2001-12-18 18:56:02
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: MS DRM OS Begets SSSCA 
I know he's theoretically one of the good guys, but for some reason
Godwin pisses me off.  More likely Finns just won't come to the US, and the software
industry will move to Hong Kong or  Thailand or Costa Rica
or basically anywhere but here.  Stupid fucks.  Software can be written anywhere, so why is so much written here in the
high cost of labor USA, in particular in the San Fran Fucking
Cisco bay area? Well, people do kinda like it here for whatever
reason, but writing software is one of the few things that you can
do that is still (for now) almost completely unregulated.  Anything
remotely resembling the SSSCA would be the kiss of death for the
American software industry, and worse. The day the SSSCA passes is the day I tell Tim May, "I'm sorry I once considered
you an extremist, if anything you weren't extreme enough.
Fuck it to death, and keep fucking the corpse."
But I don't think that day will ever come.

@_date: 2001-12-18 20:27:53
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Jonah Goldberg Has It Ass Backwards 
It is said Right.  I started to compose a longer reply, but then I pretty much decided that your title says it all.  The guy's a fucking moron,
not worth the electrons.
George

@_date: 2001-12-20 11:39:14
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
I think it does a little more than that.  "Deny the luser owner
root access" is sufficient to explain how the luser is prevented
from copying or modifying the trusted content, but it doesn't
explain how "trusted" apps can access the data.  In essence, deny the luser root access + all programs signed
by microsoft automatically run as root. Neither piece alone
would be innovative enough to be patentable, but maybe the combo

@_date: 2001-07-12 17:37:31
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Pulp Theorem (Re: Digital Cash) 
You say that now,  but what if the day comes when digital
currency schemes have been in successful operation for years,
and there are goods or services you desire that can be had far cheaper (or only) if you use digital currency?
YOU won't dive in with the stuff,  but assuming it can be made to
work at all,  there may be enough brave/foolhardy people to
bootstrap the system to the point where it has been
demonstrated "safe".
BTW,  the usual term for what you call "pupability" is "accountability".  Usually one speaks of people being "held accountable" rather than "pulped".  I'm not criticizing your
choice of terminology,  but I think communication is facilitated
if people stick tostandard terminology rather than
making up their own.  Also,  bank officers caught defrauding their
customers in the real world are more likely to be sent to minimum
security prison rather than bludgeoned to death. Possibly.  Or there's another possibility,  that maybe the government officials who have "pulping" authority will become
clients of digital cash systems themselves.  Seldom say never.  BTW,  a PhD helps you get chicks?  Where?

@_date: 2001-07-13 08:12:32
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: General Ashcroft makes his move 
I don't think so.  AFAIK the bible doesn't condemn pedophilia
anywhere,  and in any case basing laws on moral values that come
from your religion is not the same as repecting the esatblishment of a religeon. I don't know much about Ashtaroth,  but but I do no that COAIS
has been refuted as a total hoax.

@_date: 2001-07-18 08:05:12
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: next, we ban cutlery 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 977 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-07-27 13:18:38
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
I've been rereading this a bunch of times trying to figure out
what,  if anything,  it's supposed to mean.  I've come up with two
slightly different interpretations:
1) If you release your results at a university-sponsored conference
you're an exempt researcher,  but if you release identical results at
Defcon you're a criminal.
2) Anyone with the financial resources or legal background to get this law overturned on Constitutional grounds is not to be
prosecuted in the first place.
I think 2 is actually the more accurate reading.

@_date: 2001-07-27 20:27:41
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
Well, maybe.  As I recall,  one of the things mentioned in the
complaint is that he violated the click-through license agreement
by publishing his results.  My understanding is that it has not
been thoroughly resolved how binding these things are.  I think it's
only in Dilbert that you can click on one of these without reading it
and wind up as Bill Gates' towelboy,  but IANAL.
ObPuzzle: You are in a room with three monkeys.  One has a banana, one has a stick, one has nothing. Which primate is the George

@_date: 2001-07-31 09:55:38
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
Forgive me for being naive wrt the law,  but as I interpret what you
have written,  the critical distinction is,  if you refuse to comply
with a judge's orders (for whatever reason) you'll get cited for
contempt,  but if you cannot comply with his orders you're ok.
Correct me if I'm misinterpreting you.
So it seems to me that if you, say, publish documents to freenet (encypted or not) then you're ok;  it's right there in the spec,  docments cannot be removed,  even by the original author.  If your
life depends on removing the document,  then you die.
How is this wrong?
If it's a crime to take actions specifically for the purpose of later
rendering you unable to comply with a judge's order (is it?),
how is escrowing it on the isle of man any different?

@_date: 2001-07-31 19:34:58
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs.  
OK,  but is there a legal distinction between ex ante disclosure
in anticipation of a specific court action vs.   anticipation of
court action in general?  I mean,  if I had spent a lot of time
on a particular piece of code,  and the potential existed that a judge might order me to turn over all copies,  I might want to
take precautions against this,  even if there were no particular case
pending where this was likely,  and the possibility itself seemed rather remote.
Just to clarify,  I suggested possibly encrypting it just because
I might not want it leaking without my consent.  I wouldn't expect a judge to be dumb enough to buy the argument that "I just can't remember that damn key,  but I probably will once this trial is
over".  It's not THAT obscure.  If i were in the habit of putting all my source code on freenet,  the argument that I must have put a particular piece of it on freenet to avoid complying with a legitimate judicial order seems to me to be pretty weak.
What I'm concerned with here is the possibility (which I consider monstrous) that a judge might be able to force me to surrender
ALL copies of my work,  leaving me incapable of accessing it.
I fully understand that there's no way I can get a judge to accept the
claim that I can't give him A copy of my work,  even though I can still access it myself.
Thanks, I'll remember that,  it could come in handy some day.
"Knew" is too strong a word in this case,  "suspected" or "feared"
would be more accurate.  And even I know better than to refer to
a judge as a "pig" in his own courtroom.  In the immortal words of
Mae West, "No your honor, I'm doing my best to conceal it."

@_date: 2001-06-11 10:39:53
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Automatics 
They'll actually deliver more energy to the target if MORE mass goes out the back than the front.  I can't see any particular
advantage to the masses being equal.
This is a particularly efficient design for cypherpunks,
since we've got plenty of extra flakes!

@_date: 2001-06-11 17:10:12
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Pap Smear 
I realize I'm somewhat naive in that I expect things to make sense,
but isn't this just utterly nuts?  I mean,  imagine an LEO gets an
anonymous tip saying.  "I broke into this guy's house and found
child porn there".  Check out the house and,  sure enough,  the window has been broken into,  and right by the broken window
is a pile of child porn.  Wouldn't ANY sensible person conclude that
more likely than not it was planted there?
By the way,  has this JD lawyer ever READ the constitution?
The 4th clearly states and I quote "no Warrants shall issue,  but
upon probable cause SUPPORTED BY OATH OR AFFIRMATION".
(emphasis mine).  Clearly computer generated spam
doesn't meet this criterion.
George BTW,

@_date: 2001-06-12 08:46:13
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Trustworthy Virus 
The concept of a "trustworthy virus" sounds like a joke,
but let's pretend to take ot seriously just a little while.
When the virus narcs on the suspect,  it really ought to
digitally sign the squealing,  otherwise the accusation could
have been made by any virus out there,  not necessarily
the reliable rat.
But is it possible in principle to keep its key secret?  I would
think that,  since the code has to exist on the target machine,
anyone with a disassembler and enough persistance can find the
key,  and once it's out,  it's out.  The formerly trusetd virus could
be impersonated by any comon virus, or even by someone that
isn't really a virus at all!
Yeah,  I know,  the whole thing is silly.  But is the reasoning

@_date: 2001-06-13 17:51:57
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: July..anything resolved? 
There was a question brought up at the last BA cypherpunks
meeting about what the July meeting agenda might be,
depending onwho will be there vs,  say,  at Defcon instead.
Was anything resolved?  I might want to go to Defcon,  whether
I do or not depends largely on whether I feel there's anything to
do around here.  There's a Phish concert that weekend and I
have a dentist appointment,  so I think incentives for staying and
going are about equal.
George

@_date: 2001-06-14 13:32:23
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Why we still don't use digital cash 
You think so?  Chaum's proposals always seemed a little
weird to me,  I'd be amazed if there wasn't a perfectly
good way to implement dc without stepping on his patents.
If you look at the process of obtaining digital cash abstractly,
I give you a bag of money,  you give me a bag of tokens I can
use to spend in shops,  it seems to me that there are in principle
two general sorts of ways that I can maintain my anonymity.
1) Make it so somehow you don't recognize the tokens when they
get back to you.
This is the Chaumian approach,  which seems very counterintuitive to me.  I believe his aproach was motivated by a desire to ensure that there are circumstances by which you could lose your anonymity, for example if you attempt to double-spend
2) Just make it so you don't see my face when I get the bag of
This seems a lot more straightforward and natural to me.

@_date: 2001-06-15 06:43:42
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Why we still don't use digital cash 
What I'm sending ISN'T necessarily e-cash. In principle it could be anything someone has agreed to "buy".  Also,  at least one method
of getting e-cash would be to literally hand over a bag of money to
someone in the physical world.

@_date: 2001-06-20 10:30:39
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Don't report getting squirted by a kid, go to jail.  
Umm,  you're aware that this article was satire,  right?
George

@_date: 2001-06-20 17:15:57
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: eBay: Burn DVD movies onto CD? 
have you filed an amicus curiae brief explaining this?  If so,  how
come the case isn't over yet,  with the 2600 people victorious.
I'm not certain the judges will see things that way.  The fact that
you need something like DeCSS to view DVDs ON A LINUX BOX
might not prove decisive to a judge who might consider the possibility that you could view them some other way,  say,
with a DVD player.  Alternatively,  Linus Torvalds could sell his
soul and say that source for linux DVD players will NOT be open.
I'm not justifying this kind of logic,  mind you,  just saying that
I think it's quite likely that that's the way the ruling is likely to
come out.
George

@_date: 2001-06-22 09:48:13
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: eBay: Burn DVD movies onto CD? 
Have there been test cases which have stated this?  I
pretty much agree with you as to what the law should be,
but I think you might be mistaken as to what the law is.
When I first read this,  I couldn't think of any reason you'd
want to use your own homemade descrambler box instead of
the one that the cable co supplied (assuming you've actually paid
for the channel),  but I was ablt to come up with a couple reasons.
1) you want to tape stuff while you're not there,  and the cable box
doesn't come with a way to change channels at a specific time.
Maybe you'd even like to tape 2 things at once, which I think is
legal but not practical using their box.
2) You don't like the color,  and you can't paint their box,
because you only rent it.
Well,  obviously you're not depriving them of any income if
for some reason you decide to use a homemade box and
stick the one they rent you in your closet,  but has anyone
ever actually done such a thing,  and gotten hauled into court?

@_date: 2001-06-22 14:05:14
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Slashdot | @Home Cuts Newsgroups Due to DMCA Complaints 
You're correct,  of course.  It doesn't.
They're not forced to do anything.  They're probably under the delusion that they're safer from liability if they ban groups whose
names imply pirated content.  It's not their fault if somebody
puts metallica mp3s in alt.swedish.chef.bork.bork.bork,
but what the hell did anyone expect to be in alt.binaries.metallica?
I think actually they're shooting themselves in the foot.  If they
excercise no editorial control at all over their news servers
they're protecyed as common carriers,  whereas if they
do excercise some control,  they might be considered to approve
of whatever they let through.
OTOH,  they're probably rich enough to be safe anyway.

@_date: 2001-11-04 10:09:40
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
I think "overlooking" is too strong a word,  I think it's more reasonable to call it mitigating circimstances.  The guardsman
needs to have it explained to him (in a way that the lesson will
stick) that he does not have the authority to block travellers because he doesn't like their attitude or their political views.
I'm not sure what disciplinary action is appropriate,  probably
a reptimand is good enough as long as it's made VERY clear that
any sort of repeat performance will result in sever consequences.

@_date: 2001-11-04 20:56:56
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
Right.  I didn't see it this way,  I got the impression that she was
prevented from flying because she gave the guard attitude
(deliberately slowing down when he told her to speed up,
etc.) rather than for her politics as such.    Still unacceptable behavior, of course,  but (to my mind) not nearly as bad. My suggestion that he should be let off with a reprimand should
be read in that context.
and it's conceivable that she might have said/done stuff
significantly more threatening than what she mentioned, and that keeping her off the flight was actually the right thing to do.  Not
asserting that this is the case, of course, just pointing out the I'm not sure how egregious is egregious in the context of missing
flights. I've been unable to fly when I was supposed to because
of weather, mechanical problems, and because the asshole cabs
weren't there to pick me up when they were supposed to be.
Never get any compensation for it.
None of this justifies anything, of course, but the point is that there's always a non-negligible chance that you won't be able to
get on the flight you paid for.  So the odds of getting significantly more than a refund on the ticket seem slim.
Also, so far as motivation goes, I expect that the airline employees
genuinely believed she was a safety risk, it seems highly
unlikely that they just felt like persecuting greens. Whether
or not that was a reasonable belief is a separate question.
George

@_date: 2001-11-08 13:30:16
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
Right.  To be brutally specific, identification is generally useless
for preventing suicide bombings, because suicide bombers tend not to be repeat offenders.

@_date: 2001-11-16 10:42:26
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
Probably not.  The act of terrorism isn't "quoting  the Constitution",
it's "quoting the Constitution without a license".

@_date: 2001-11-19 10:02:56
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Pricing spare resources and options? 
They STILL want this kind of price? I remember back in 96
looking at some prices for web hosting and thinking
"hmm,  these guys are getting their investment back in
about 2 weeks, and everything after that is profit. That
can't last". I played around with MN for a while, one of the things that
disapointed me was that you tend to lose mojo just by
running the client.  It seemed to me that the idea that
everything you do should involve a cost one way or another
was a mistake, it seemed to me that the housekeeping/say
hello kind of stuff shuld be free.  Publishing also, since 1)
there's no guarentee that the site you publish blocks to
will keep them for any nonzero length of time and 2)
Theoretically the people you publish to will expect to make their
"profit" from other people requesting those blocks.  Of course, it's unlikely that Mojo will actually ever cost/be worth
anything, but that's beside the point; assuming that pretty much
invalidates the whole system.
A distributed backup/storage system seems like it ought to be
pretty easy to develop, but of course up front payment doesn't
work at all. You'd need some kind of challenge/response system
to verify that the storers are actually keeping the data, you'd need
lots of redundancy since it doesn't really help you to know that
some bozo dumped the only copy of your critical data,
but if you have like 20 copies out there and you continually
verify that they're all keeping your data (if some of tem lose it,
just replace those guys) it seems like you should be safer than you would be using a standard commercial service. And at the prices you mention earlier, vastly cheaper.

@_date: 2001-11-19 10:05:51
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
They wanted to be able to pay off their debts with devalued money.

@_date: 2001-11-19 10:14:01
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
It's amazing how many people assert this, even though it's clearly wrong.  A gold standard does NOT mean that the amount of currency in circulation equals the amount of gold in the
vaults, it means that the currency is exchangeable for gold
at a fixed rate.  Obviously, there can be more gold in the vaults
than you need to actually exchange every dollar for the correct
amount of gold. Less obviously, there can be less.
George

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:03:11
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: In praise of gold 
I understand your point, you can't eat gold, it won't keep you
warm and dry in a storm, it really is mostly only good for
you in that other people will also give you stuff for it BUT
I think the other side is pretty clear also.  Gold isn't like,
say, the good will of the king, which becomes wortheless as soon
as there's a new king. I suspect that it never ocurred to most people
during gold standard days that gold could in principle become
wothless (although alchemists understood perfectly well that
being able to turn lead into gold is only the key to riches if
you alone posess the secret).
Anyway, there are very good reasons why gold is better than
anything else as a basis of currency.
I expect most of you have read this before, I've posted this before elsewhere, appy polly logies for the redundancy, but for those who
maybe think choice of gold as a standard, here's why gold is good:
1) Gold is money dense (a small volume of gold is worth a lot). This
is very important if you have to keep currency reserves.
2) Gold does not rust or decay.  Again, very important if you
have to keep reserves.
3) Gold is uniform.  Diamonds are all different, oil comes in
a plethora of types and grades.  Tobacco was used as money
in the early days of the american colonies, with the (easily predictable) result that people smokes the good stuff and used the
crappiest stuff they could find to pay their debts. Nothing
could be purer than pure gold.
4) Gold is elemental.  It's much more plausible that somebody will
come up with an economic way to synthesize, say, diamonds than gold. 5) Gold makes women sleep with you.  I don't know why they
like it, but they do.

@_date: 2001-11-26 15:54:55
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
It was interesting, but unless I misread it (a distinct possibility)
the squirrels didn't really have something we'd call a reputation.
The squirrels would remember "that squirrel keeps claiming there's
a stuffed badger when there is no stuffed badger" and would
ignore his warnings, but a real reputation system would be more like a new squirrel shows up and the experienced squirrels
tell the new squirrel which squirrels are reliable and which aren't.
I don't think squirrels are capable of that.
The idea of a universal scalar reputation would be that every squirrel in the world has the same opinion of every other
squirrel's reliability. I don't think anything like that exists
in any species.
George    But that's not the issue.  The point is that repution ins't a simple scalar i.e. one can have a repuation as being highly informed in
certain circles and be considered a complete nutter in others,
or considered extremely well informed on certain topics and
woefully misinformed on others.  Even a reputation for morality implies conforming to a specific idea as to what moral behavior is.

@_date: 2001-11-26 16:25:08
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Here's my recollection as to how this was supposed to work:
1) people who participated in the beta got free mojo as a
reward for participating (they'd keep their mojo when the
beta period was over)
2) In the non-beta, people would have to pay (or something)
to get a starting stash of mojo
3) I don't think the "Evil Geniuses" ever expected to act as mojo-cash brokers; rather, anyone who had a supply of
cash and mojo could act as a cash-mojo broker, and mojo
would find its own price. Right. If the tokens are EVER going to be worth anything, there
can't be a way to accumulate then for free.  If people have this
psychological block against paying "real money" for tokens,
maybe it's a good idea to make them trade CPU time for them
in one of the seti-like projects.  Somebody mentioned something about one involving protein-folding that sounded like it might actually be useful.

@_date: 2001-11-26 16:42:37
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: in praise of gold 
Actually, in that context I was specifically NOT referring to
gold as a generic proxy for value,  if you'll recall I was listing
reasons was gold is particularly well suited to be a proxy for
value.  The point is that gold is something that falls into the
category of sparkly things that women like.  Women will sleep with you if you give them jewelry, even if they're not going to
sell it.  Umm, or so I've been told.
Of course, men like the sparkly stuff also, but if wear lots of
jewelry people are likely to think you're either gay or a pimp.
Not that there's necessarily anything wrong with that, but giving off
misleading signals can lead to embarassment.

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:12:38
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Sixpack Encryption Email client 
I gave a little bit of thought about what an encrypted email client should look like for joe sixpack to use.  Here's how the DEFAULT
behavior would work:
When you install the   software, it generates a public-private key
pair. It saves your private key right there on your hard disk
unencrypted, no tricky passphrase to remember.  It then uploads
your private key to some central server.
The software maintains a list of public keys, if you want to send
mail to someone for whom  you don't have a public key, it'll
check the server for one. If you have a key for someone, it'll
automatically encrypt. If you receive encrypted mail, it'll automatically decrypt (and save the decrypted mail on your hard drive). It'll have a little icon on a mail message indicating if
it was encrypted, and there'll be an icon next to each name
in the address book indicating if you have a key for that
address, but for the most part it'll encrypt opportunistically
and the user won't need to know or care  if a message is
encrypted or not.
I'm sure I don't need to go into detail explaining what's wrong with this, but it should be obvious that every convenience violates
an important security rule.  And it pretty much has to be that way.
You either have to remember a passphrase and key it in, or
any fool who gets access to your computer can easily read your
private key, and so on.
Personally, I think it'd be better if the sixpackers used this kind
of encryption than no encryption at all, if I thought that people
wuld use this kind of email client I would write it, it shouldn't
be too hard since I could probably steal most of the code.
George

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:21:07
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
And of course the German word for money is Gelt, which means Gold. Cows might have served well as currency for primitives like the Etruscans, but can you imagine using them today?  I took
a bus this morning, the fair was 1.10 and I only had paper money
so they ripped me off 90 cents.  But if I was an Etruscan, they
would've taken my whole cow!

@_date: 2001-11-26 17:48:08
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
I don't think this follows. If I say "Alice ripped me off", Alice's reputation may well suffer even if reputation isn't a scalar
property.  People who consider my word as being worthless won't
lower their opinion of Alice, but somebody might.
Doesn't the concept of "selling for face value" imply that there's
a currency known to be legit?  I mean, if I'm trading paper for
paper I ought to expect to average 1 for 1.
Somehow this reminds me of a story I once read where one crook
was selling another crook what was purported to be high quality
counterfeit money but was actually the proceeds from a bank
heist (the irony being that the "real" money was worth considerably less than the counterfeit).
I believe what you are saying here is true, but I don't see what
recognizing this gets you.  In principle, if there's a digital
currency which is allegedly redeemable for dollars and I think
that there's about a 50-50 chance that I'll actually be able to redeem the currency then I ought to be willing to accept it at
50% face value, but in practice evaluating probabilities like
that is pretty hard, and I'm pretty much always going to be
coming up with probabilities close to one or close to
zero that any kind of "backed" currency is good.
Again, I don't see where this gets us.

@_date: 2001-11-29 19:53:02
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Even this is not a scalar.  Since reputation cannot be bought
and sold, the idea that it is worth a specific well defined amount is
Claiming you have a concept called reputation capital doen't really
solve the problem, it just moves it back a step, leading to questions
like how does one aquire/lose reputation capital, how does one
discover another's reputation, how does one ensure that a party
violating an agreement actually will lose reputation capital,
and so on.  These questions can be answered, at least sometimes,
but usually answering them will make it clear that reputation
capital isn't a single number.
reputation capital by failing to honor his obligations than he will
gain is a very useful concept. The idea that a nym has a fixed
amount of reputation capital and will lose it all with a single failure
to comply might be useful in certain simplified models, but
it doesn't accurately reflect most real world situations.
well, maybe.  But if we define reputation capital the way you did
(the value one places on one's own reputation) then it's important
to be aware that one can only know the value of one's own reputation capital.
So would I, but this is just a disagreement over the terminolgy,
not the concepts.
I think you're going way too far. Proton decay has never been observed in the real world, and people have looked for it really
hard.  Whereas a whole lot of governments (including the US
government)  have attempted to solve their debt problems
by printing a lot of paper currency, devaluing the existing currency
in the process.
I'm not convinced that you do. As I've said before, there are two
fundamentally different ways of maintaining anonymity with some
sort of digital bearer certificate
1) you can ensure the "bank" can't identify the certifcates as the
ones you bought when they're cashed in or
2) you can see to it that the bank doesn't know who
"you" are when you buy the certificates in the first place.
Number 2 still seems more natural to me.

@_date: 2001-11-30 14:57:53
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Nyms for sale!  Get your red hot nyms! 
This assumes that you want it to be possible to buy and sell reputation capital, and that people will accept bought reputation
as valid, propositions that I think are contrary to fact.
most intelligent, informed, and creative poster I had ever seen,
and I learned that "Wei Dai" had sold his name to some unknown
third party,  I would consider any impressions I had about
"Wei Dai" to be instantly invalidated (since there's no particular
reason to believe they'd apply to the new nym owner), and the
name would become worthless (in my eyes) regardless of how much the new owner paid for it.
me surreptitiously bought and sold is a critical weakness of any sort of nym reputation system, and a system designed to
facilitate this kind of fraud is system in which only a fool
would put any confidence in any reputation.
I don't think anyone claims that the whole idea is nonsense,
just that it's a mistake to view it as a singel real number.
Maybe a 3x3 matrix would be better?

@_date: 2001-11-30 15:14:04
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Any sort of protocol along these lines will only be successful if people are willing to accept the buying and selling of keys
along with associated reputations as valid.  I don't
think people will.
A message along the lines of "I've discovered my key has
been compromised, so I'm changing it, but I'm signing it with
the old (admittedly compromised) key" should not be
believed.  The message can as easily come from the compromisor as compromisee, more easily in fact, since
a nym thief will doubtless know he's stolen a nym before
the victim realizes it.  The proper response to such a message would be to indeed view the old key as compromised, but
to put no confidence in the "new key" unless it can be verified
via an inpendent channel.  For a pure pseudonym (not in
any way attached to any known physical entity) I'm not sure there
is an indendent channel.

@_date: 2001-10-01 11:57:18
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Not to mention things like "travel delays due to road congestion ($46.5 to $174.6 billion)," which not only would still exist with electric cars, but
is a cost ALREADY paid by automobile users.  To  call something like
that a "hidden subsidy of the oil industry" should be enough to get this
"study" rejected by a reesponsible reviewer.

@_date: 2001-10-07 17:09:12
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Another precious moment from shrub... 
Well,  SOMEBODY is clearly an idiot.  Of course, neither a slip of the tongue nor a typo are really
signs of idiocy.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:53:02
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: who wants to be a millionaire 
In the coming age of digital cash, you wouldn't want your wealth
measured in some meaningless fiat currency like "dollars", right?
You want genuine commodity backed currency.
A free range bank would back its currency with free range chickens.

@_date: 2001-10-14 08:55:07
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: possession of brown sugar and envelopes illegal ? 
Since Anthrax isn't human to human conatgious, population density
is pretty much irrelevant, at least if you're delivering it by mail.
If they can survive rent control, they can survive anything.
The kind of food irradiators used to make the milk that doesn't spoil
should be able to destroy anthrax spores, I think.  You might have
to cook it a little longer because spores are harder to
kill then wet bacteria, but if your letters are just letters you can get
away with cooking it longer, you don't care if you denature some proteins.    I'm guessing if all mail was sterilized at the post office
the cost could be held below 2 cents a letter.
Of course, you'd still have crop dusters to worry about.

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:34:18
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Netscape Out!  
There never was a netscape 5, they jumped from 4.5 to 6.

@_date: 2001-10-23 12:39:18
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: eWe Won't Have CJ Parker and Richard NIxon To Kick Around  
Actually, I think you were right the first time.  We may feel symapthy for the malum prohibido convicts and contempt for
the in se ones,  but odds are pretty good that a convict
of either catgeory is likely to be complicit in his own convition.
In fact, small quantity non violent drug offenders are probably
among the most likely to fall for the "we'll go easier on
you if we cooperate" line.
George

@_date: 2001-10-26 13:11:03
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Where The Torture Never Stops...  
That's an incredibly fucked-up thing to say,
even for you.

@_date: 2001-10-27 09:50:04
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: BOOKS FOR PRISONERS 
Do the books actually make it onto the shelves? I know that
some public libraries aren't interested in mere taxpayers' opinions
as to what books they should have,  they'll accept your donated
books but they'll just sell them.  I would suspect the same would
likely be true at prison libraries.
George

@_date: 2001-10-28 09:08:58
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Now we know why those 1000 are being held in NYC 
obviously, they weren't.  Some fraction of the 1000 were making "gloating phone calls".  How many of them?  My guess is three,
on the grounds that the FBI is too honest to unscrupulously use the plural if there were only one. They can try to assert whatever they want, but you'll have to
spend some time looking for an American judge who won't agree
that making congratulatory phone calls right after the attacks
provides grounds for reasonable suspicion of involvement,
particularly if they were already under surveilance.
George

@_date: 2001-10-28 11:05:04
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Hunger in Amerikka (was: Market Competition for Security Measures) 
Certainly individuals are pretty hungry at least some of the time.
I remember a while back a way home there was an old lady
bum saying "please help me get something to eat, I'm hungry".
Experience told me that she would be there again the next day
saying the same thing.  But what made this day special was,  I
overheard another lady remark to her friend, "I'm hungry too,
because I worked through my lunch hour".  Then again,
she did look like she could afford to skip a few meals.
its faults, but as far as providing food goes, there are an amazing number of morbidly obese "poor" people.

@_date: 2001-10-30 09:27:30
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Password Spy 
Umm, would a Y cable and another serial port work?

@_date: 2001-10-30 16:52:18
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
I think freon is incredibly inert, that's why it's used.
My impression is that virtually any transparent
liquid will do a reasonable job of making the envelope transparent,
but the considerations are that you'd want something that doesn't
leave a residue and won'tr make the ink run.  I believe that paper is white for the reason that snow is (as opposed to the reason that titanium oxide is), that is, you've got a bunch of surfaces where the index of refraction changes significantly from that of air and there's a chance of reflection at each surface, but the
actual paper fibers are transparent.  The liquid you spray on is
filling in the gaps with something with an index of refraction much
closer to that of the paper fibers. Pretty sure that's more or less how they work.  Definately there's
no chemical reaction going on.
George

@_date: 2001-10-31 06:19:53
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
Here's a link to the MSDS
it says above 900 F Freon will decompose into hydrochloric and
hydrofluoric acids.  Doesn't mention phosgene, although you'd
proabably get that if the air was dry enough.

@_date: 2001-09-01 17:55:11
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Having read Tim's reply already,  I'll confine myself to a point he
didn't address.
Note,  however,  that this IS a question of design,  not merely one of marketing. The system doesn't know "terrorists" from "freedom fighters".  The
system doesn't know pornographers from Falun Gongers.  A system does (or at least could) know clients who want to send megabytes of data from ones who only want top send a few bits.  It does know clients who insist on real-time or near real-time transmission from ones who would accept substantial transmission delay times.  It knows clients who insist their system be free and trivial to use from those willing to spend a fair amount and go to a certain degree of effort to make damn sure they're doing things It knows the difference between broadcasting and person-to-person communication.  And it knows whether clients are willing to accept the idea that some "trusted third party" could compromise their
identity,  or whether they trust no one.
Certainly they should be "discussed", if only to point out what's
wrong with them,  or speculate how the escrow mechanism
might be defeated or compromised.
Long-term consequences are notoriously hard to predict.  For example, it's quite possible somebody who develops
and implements a digital cash system with some sort of
key escrow mechanism might be doing the world a big favor,
since cloning it and cutting out the escrow part might be a lot
easier than developing a similar system from scratch.  Or maybe not,  as I said, hard to say.
OK.  Freedom=good.  Tyranny=bad.  Now that we've agreed on moral principles, time to move on.
George

@_date: 2001-09-02 09:23:10
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Stealth Computing Abuses TCP Checksums  
Since I haven't noticed anyone else point this out (apologies for
my redundancy if I just somehow missed it),  it's worth mentioning that the original result was more of a "gee whiz,  it's interesting we can do this in principle" type of thing than an actual threat of
something anybody would ever actually do. Yes, you can trick a remote host into performing calculations for you with a specially prepared message, but it requires a hell of a lot more effort to prepare the message than it would to perform the calculation

@_date: 2001-09-02 10:46:57
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Stealth Computing Abuses TCP Checksums  
Gut hunch.
I was referring to the specific type of exploit where the
"parasite" is abusing the TCP checksum. I suspect the
same result is likely to hold with attempts to exploit
other protocols.
Obviously, if an attacker "owns" your machine, that's a
completely different kettle of fish.
Right, and I suspect I have a fair idea which is which.  If you can
get a remote host to execute arbitrary code, with loops and branches, or to evaluate complicated functions, then it may be
worth your while to do it.  If all you can do is get it to add up a list of
numbers, then it's almost certainly going to be easier to just do
the addition yourself. If there's also a bunch of extra effort required to turn an abstract problem into a series of addition problems,
the advantage of solving the problem yourself (without this intermediate step) is even greater.
George

@_date: 2001-09-02 12:26:51
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
Sort of.  The first remailer in the chain will see something like an
IP address.  This might or might not be enough to identify the
indvidual using it in principle (gee,  it's somebody posting from a
public library or internet cafe) and almost certainly isn't in
practice (how many remaler operators bother keeping something
like a reverse DNS table on their servers).
If the remailer operators decided they wanted to deny "baddies" use of their services, they would not only have to unanimously agree as to who the "baddies" are, they would also have to deny
their services in all cases where the client cannot be positovely identified.  Neither of which strikes me as being plausible.
In the old style numbered swiss bank account,  you give them
a suitcase full of cash and you get an account number.  They know
who you are if the recognize you when you go in to set up the account, if not not.  I stand by my earlier statement.  The fact that you may be identifiable at the point of entry to an anonymity system is
a weakness, not a desired feature, and if it can be avoided, it
should be.

@_date: 2001-09-05 19:11:45
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
This is really crappy logic.  Any law that restricts speech or the press is presumably unconstitutional. Actually it's a really crappy analogy.  Arguing that "it's kind of like this hypothetical thing that doesn't exist and therefore ought to
be treated as I imagine this hypothetical thing would probably be treated if it did exist" is an incredibly poor use of the device of You're fucking kidding, right? Do you think "Ann Landers" and her ilk actually know the "true names" of all the morons who write
in to her? That's funny,  just a week or two ago you were saying any ethical
person in the journalistic profession should be willing to go to
jail rather than compromise the identity of his sources.
Someone who writes in a ltter is precluded from being a "source"?

@_date: 2001-09-08 20:41:01
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
And why do you think that is significant?  Once morphed pictures
can be considered child pornography,  the "real victim" argument no longer applies. Why should text be considered fundamentally different from drawn pictures?

@_date: 2001-09-17 09:57:11
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Brazil Parliament Votes To Allow Air Passengers To Carry  
Here's a link I saw on free-market.net to an article about this.
I'm pretty confident they fell for a hoax.  The article claims
"65% of all Brazilians with income more than US$ 2000 always walks equipped with gun",  whereas I believe in fact Brazilian civilians are all forbidden from owning guns.

@_date: 2001-09-24 15:33:12
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Expectation of privacy in public? 
You're on crack.  The anti-eavsdropping laws don't have exemptions for agents of foreign governments, the suggestion is Except that it doesn't.  It's not a violation of US law for US agents to spy on people in Australia, but it's almost certainly a violation
of Australian law.  Similarly, it's probably not a violation of Australian law for Australian agents to eavsdrop on people in California, but it's clearly a violation of California law.

@_date: 2001-09-27 17:08:37
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
It comes from the word "vaca", which mean cow. more explicitly, it comes from variolae vaccinae which is latin for cow pox. off Good advice! George

@_date: 2002-01-05 18:51:40
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Cpunks Lauded 
I don't think anyone claims that it "must have been".  Rather,
the idea that it might have been, or might be useful for future terrorists, is sufficient to demonize it.  Similarly, the 9/11
terrorists didn't use guns, but everyone knows terrorists use guns,
The idea of cryptography as munitions isn't just metaphor or,
if it is, it's a really really good metaphor.
I'd rank it number 2, after key based encryption. But the concept
of key-based encryption seems to me to be relatively obvious
(I could have invented it myself if it hadn't been invented already)
whereas the idea of public key encryption seems
(to me at least) to be counterintuitive and utterly brilliant.
To the extent that paranoia represents a genuine disorder, paranoia refers not to an excessive amount of distrust or precaution-
taking, but rather an unrealistic assesment of risks. Carrying a gun
around alll the time isn't paranoid.  Carrying around cobra antivenom
is (assuimng you have no particular reason to expect cobra The idea that there could be a back door in something as basic as the CONCEPT of public key encryption strikes me as being absurd.
I'd call it "irrelevant" rather than "suspicious".  Any time an academic cryptologist discovers something (PK encryption,
linear cryptanalysis, differential cryptanalysis..) there's always
some spook there claiming he knew about it years earlier.
Maybe it's true, maybe it isn't, who cares? If you make a discovery and hide it, you may as well not have made it, and that really
is all there is to say on that particular issue.

@_date: 2002-01-05 19:01:25
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Ersatz Chick Thing 
Here's my theory: some time back in High School, or maybe Junior
High, your least favorite teacher dogmatically asserted that it is
impossible to be a journalist without writing comprehensibly,
and on that day you vowed that you would prove that motherfucker wrong if it took the rest of your life.
Dude, you've made your point, and the motherfucker is probably dead by now anyway.  Let it be.

@_date: 2002-01-06 07:18:32
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
Generally, asking questions like "where does the state spend
lottery money on" is committing an error.  If the sate gets more money earmarked for a specific pirpose, it spends less from general revenue for that purpose.  Essentially, it's all general I think states do the same thing. Certainly in those states where the
staes run the liquor stores they must admit that they keep their
monopoly 1) for the money and 2) because they can.
I think the real differences are 1) the mafia gives a much better payoff and 2) the state advertises the hell out of the lottery
and sell their tickets everywhere.  Therefore, the state ropes
in a lot of suckers that probably aren't as inclined to
gamble, whereas the mafia pretty much only gets
fools who are dtermined to gamble. I have a hard time believing the numbers are anywhere near this close. I think 40% is probably a more realistic number for state
lotteries that 50%, and as for the mafia, 60% seems incredibly low.
Nobody would go to a bookie that gave less than 90%  payoff,
and casino-style games tend to have like 97% payoff.
Comes with assimilation I guess.

@_date: 2002-01-08 12:33:04
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
A meaningless question.  As Eric correctly points out, true
random input simply cannot be compressed, it doesn't matter
how clever you are or how much time and computing power you
have access to.  Converseley, if you're just intereted in "compressing"  the results of your own pseudo-random number
generator, it's trivial to do it instantly, just store the seed
and the desired file size.

@_date: 2002-01-08 18:21:48
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Pigeonhole principle 
No, it's s statement of mathematical fact, easily understandable
by anyone of average intelligence with a little thought.
The piegonhole principle states that if there are N pigeonholes
and  M > N objects that have to be stuffed into the
piegonholes, at least one of the pigeonholes will have to contain
more than one object.
Any compression algorithm is a mapping between files.
Therefore, there CANNOT exist an algorithm which will
compress all files.  Because there are always twice as many
bit patterns N + 1 bits long as there are bit patterns N bits
Clear enough?
If not, consider this (which Eric also mentioned in his
original post): If you really had an algorithm that could compress
ANY file to 1/100 its size, you could run the output data through
the algorithm again and get something 1/10000 the size of the
original file.  Now, the philsophically inclined might point out that,
although there cannot exist an algorithm which can compress
all files, and that any given "compression" algorithm is highly
unlikely to be able to compress a truly random file,
nonetheless there are no specific files of which you can
say, "this file is uncompressible", since you could always
devise an algorithm specifically designed to compress
that particular file (for example, by mapping it to a file of zero length
and mapping all other files to themselves with an extra 0 on the ebd).  To which the paractical man replies, "you're in a balloon
about 20 feet off the ground".
George

@_date: 2002-01-09 12:17:32
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Godel's Theorem 
Maybe I'm oversimplifying, but it seems to me that Godel's
theorem follows trivilaly once you've heard of Cantor's
diagonal slash.  As I understand it, Godel's theorem says
in essence that in any system complex enough to include the
irrational numbers there must be statements which are true in that
system but which cannot be proven in that sytem.  But since
there are uncountably many irrational numbers,
there are uncountably many statements of the form
A=A  which are true but which cannot be expressed with a finite
number of symbols.

@_date: 2002-01-09 12:43:49
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I'll try this one last time and then give up on you.
Any algorithm which maps files onto files will be AT LEAST
as likely to increase the size of files as to decrease their size
if fed random data.  Further, the chance of being able to
significantly decrease the size of a file derived from a random source with any given algorithm is vanishingly small
(since there are 256 tomes as many N byte files as there are N - 1 byte files, the
odds of a random file being compressible by a single byte by a given algorithm can't be any better than 1 in 256.  The odds
of being able to compress it by two bytes ae even worse). No.  Unlucky with virtually all of them.  There aren't words to describe how unlikely it is that a 1 megabyte file of random data
could be compressed by a factor of 100 by any given algorithm.
It's not like winning the lottery.  It's not even like
winning the lottery 100 times in a row.  We're talking
vastly improbable.

@_date: 2002-01-11 13:05:31
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Olympic Jewells: Utah = UK 
I bet that guy's kicking himself in the ass after that quote.
I'm sure what he meant to imply was "there's nothing you'll
see that makes you think we're turning the place into a police state"
rather than what it comes out as sounding like, "there's a police state, you just won't see it". I'll feel right at home too...because I'll be staying home!
One of life's little ironies is that the reason that security
was so crappy at the 72 olympics was that Germany wanted to
announce to the world "we're not Nazis anymore!
See, no police state!"
There's probably a moral to the story, but I'm not learning anything.

@_date: 2002-01-12 09:45:30
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Appeal to ignorance 
That's not a bad page, but it makes what I consider to be an error
in that it attempts to distinguish between the fallicy of
appeal to ignorance and the more valid line of reasoning
called the auto-epistemic (an example given being  "If there really were a large and unusual type of animal in Loch Ness, then we would have undeniable evidence of it by now We don't have undeniable evidence of a large, unfamiliar animal in Loch Ness. 
Therefore, there is no such animal.".) But actually, these lines of reasoning are formally the same.
The difference is whether or not you are willing to accept the
premise "we've looked enough that we'd find it if it were there"
as valid.  My point is that this really isn't a question of good or bad
reasoning, it's a question of disagreement over fact.
We all agree that "extraordinary claims require extraordinary
proof".  But just how extraordinary is the claim that
Sharon said something incredibly stupid?  there would have been an official denial,  but it appears that
this is based on the fact that the quote only appeared in a couple
small papers, and that he would accept Eric's reasoning as valid
if the quote had appeared in more, larger papers.  Eric's idea that
the US media is all afraid of the pro-Israel lobby suggests that
we should look for this quote in papers published outside
the US.  I was curious about this alleged quote, and in fact I
was able to find a citation in a large well-known paper published
outside the US.  That publication is known as "Pravda".
Eric is going way out on a limb for no good reason on this one.
Evidence for the quote appears to me to be shakey at best,
whereas I think there's pretty solid evidence of Saron doing
far worse than making that stupid statement anyway.  For example, on a lark I typed "crimes ariel sharon" into google
just to see what it would come up with, and by one of life's
little amusing coincidences, among 20,000 other hits was this
one from amnesty international urging Sharon be tried for
war crimes allegedly commited during the occupation of Lebanon
What's so funny about that, you ask? The date is Oct 3 2001!
.

@_date: 2002-01-16 19:30:31
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
Haven't checked the gzip site in a long time, but last time I did
there was some amusing stuff there.  The guy who wrote it
(gzip) mentioned that he had had to spend a lot more time
investigating patents than investigating compression techniques
(to make sure that gzip didn't step on any), as I recall he found
several differnt patents claiming to have algorithms for compressing
random data (which he quite rightly dismissed as the equivalent of
perpetual motion).
One (already patented) technique was essentially moving the data
from the file to the filename.  That is, I take a file called
"Readme.txt" with the info "Hello World", and I rename the
file as "Readme_Hello world.txt" and the file is now zero length!
I suspect the ZeoSync people are trying something similar.
George

@_date: 2002-10-17 12:22:56
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: XORing bits to eliminate skew 
BTW, if the bits are assumed to be independent of
each other and you're only concerned with eliminating skew,
there's a well known simple scheme to eliminate it
group the bits into pairs
if the pair is 00 or 11 toss it
if the pair is 01 map it to zero
if the pair is 10 map it to 1
this method gets you a fourfold reduction
in the number of bits in the best case.
George

@_date: 2002-09-14 11:08:49
@_author: georgemw@speakeasy.net 
@_subject: The Case Against Steganography In Perceptually Encoded 
There's an error in the way youconvert arrangements into
numbers.  On your page you have
A Strange Notation Before beginning, we need to introduce one slightly strange notation, a flexible base, where the ith digit can be any value between 0 and i+1. The digits are enumerated from right to left so the smallest value, the one with the least significance on the right, is digit 0. It can be either a 0 or a 1. The next digit to its left, the one with next-to-least significance, is digit 1 and it can be either a 0, a 1, or a 2.
Here's a value in the flexible base: 321. Each digit is set to it's maximum value. What is this value in base 10? To figure this out, first find the multiple assigned to each digit. That is, how much each digit contributes to the final value. In base 10, the multiple assigned to digit 1 is 10 and the multiple assigned to digit 2 is 100. To put it simply, the multiple of digit i is 10i in base ten and 2i in base two. What is the multiple of each digit in this flexible base? In the fixed bases, each digit's multiple increases by another factor of the base for each new digit. In this example, each digit has a different value. The 0 digit can only take two values, 0 or 1. The 1 digit can take three values, 0, 1 or 2. The multiple of digit i is (i+1)!. You can check it out. What is 321 in base ten? That's 1*(1!)+2*(2!)+3*(3!)=1+4+18=23. There's no reason for the factorials in the notation, the multiple
of digit i should be i, not i!, so the value of any permutation of
n items should be something from 0 to n!-1.  for example,
for 3 items what you should have is
permutation	value
123		0
132		1
213		2
231		3
312		4
321		5
