
@_date: 2000-10-04 02:37:29
@_author: geplastics.e-marketing@gep.ge.com 
@_subject: CDR: Design Solutions Center e-Capable 
Dear Joe Cypherpunk, Click or copy and paste for:
Espanol: Francais: Deutsch: Italiano: In our previous e-Capable!, we sent you details of GE Plastics'
comprehensive range of e-services. We've now added to these with the
launch of our new Design Solutions Center - our online resource
providing advice and information on  everything from material selection to feasibility studies for new application designs.  Design Solutions Center
A visit to the Design Solutions Center will help you accelerate your
new product design process and so decrease time to market - because in
it, you'll find a set of easy-to-use tools that will help you to
achieve better results, faster!
Material Selector
Quickly identifies the GE Plastics resins you need, based on your
performance requirements. And, when you've found the material you want,
you can view or download the relevant datasheets.
Enables you to view actual multi-point test data - essential for more
complex engineering analyses.
Color Selector
Choose from our online library of thousands of existing colors. When
you've found the one you want, you can also order a color standard and
have it ready for shipping to you within 48 hours.
Use this knowledge-based system for the diagnosis and resolution of
injection molding problems when using thermoplastic resins.
At the Design Solutions Center you also can interact with us "live" in
our virtual  conference center, during one of our many e-seminars. So
why not take the opportunity to check out our calendar of upcoming
events?  Click any of the links for more information on the Design
Solutions Center and the tools available. Or, if you'd prefer not to
receive notification concerning the Design Solutions Center, please
reply to this email with the word "UNSUBSCRIBE" in the subject line
(Please also include the body of this message when responding).
European Customer Solutions Center
Another vital component of GE Plastics' e-business strategy is our new
European Customer Solutions Center, which is designed to improve our
service to our customers in their own language. The first stage in this
went live on 1st August, and enables you to get quick and comprehensive
answers to your questions regarding our resins and their applications. You can access the European Customer Solutions Center via our toll free
numbers (00) 800 1234 4000 or (00) 800 1 Plastic. Or you can click on
"Talk to GE Plastics live" on the GE Plastics website
Finally, if for any reason you didn't receive the previous e-Capable!
and you would like to view it, please click below:
GE Plastics' Design Solutions Center - the online resource that helps
you sharpen your competitive edge. Visit us soon!   -----------Please do not change the next line-----------
