
@_date: 1994-07-10 10:01:17
@_author: Remailer Guru 
@_subject: Remailer usage statistics 
I added a new feature to my remailer.  Send mail to ghio at kaiwan.com with
24 hours, how many of them were encrypted with PGP, and how many of them
were delayed with latency (regardless of whether or not the message has
been sent out yet).  It also shows a graph of how many messages were
received each hour.  This should help people time their latent messages to
arrive or depart at particularily 'busy' times in order to confuse someone
who is attempting traffic analysis.
Also, by popular demand, I have added a help file.  Send mail to
ghio at kaiwan.com with Subject: remailer-help and it will send you a help file.

@_date: 1994-07-15 16:42:17
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Detweiler Abuse Again... 
It seems our old friend is up to his stupid tricks again.
After his drivel began appearing on various newsgroups, I stated logging
messages, and found this...
Looks like he figured out how to use port 25...
And look who wasn't logged in...
And detweiler...
Has he really been logged in for 15 days?
Please CC me in any responses, as I haven't had much time to keep up with the
cypherpunks list lately... :(

@_date: 1994-07-18 19:17:54
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Detweiler 
The messages appear to be being forged via port 25.  He's sent several
dozen of them, and they all have different from addresses.
Well, I complained...  Haven't heard anything from them yet tho.
No.  The remailer is automated.  I don't normally screen messages before they
are sent out or otherwise censor them.  The message he sent went out to the
newsgroups.  After I saw the anonymous messages appearing, I started having the
remailer save copies of all messages.  He seems to have an automated process
set up to spew these things out.  I have now temporarily disabled my remailer
until this crud stops.
It doesn't do anything that I'm aware of.  My remailer does support
"Request-Remailing-To: null" which will just delete the message.
The more recent messages just have a blank Errors-To: header.  I keep getting
messages from him every few minutes.  blah...

@_date: 1994-07-18 19:45:34
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Tracing port 25 mail forgery 
While looking over some of the detcrud I noticed something interesting...
...drivel removed...
In the Received: header, fulton.seas.Virginia.EDU identifies the message as
coming from nym at netcom14.netcom.com
My question is, How did it do this???  Did it use identd?  I tried making a
fake mail thru that site and it did not show my username...but neither kaiwan
nor andrew have identd installed.  nova.unix.portal.com did the same thing:

@_date: 1994-06-04 02:05:05
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Software upgrades to my anonymous remailer ghio@kaiwan.com 
I added PGP support to my remailer.  For those not familiar with the format,
send mail to ghio at kaiwan.com, and on the first two lines of the message body,
Encrypted: PGP
Then put the PGP encrypted message here.  Inside the PGP message, put:
Anon-To: The message body of the message to be remailed goes here.
The remailer now also supports a way to truncate the message.  This will
allow you to remove your signature.  Put a header Cutmarks: in your message
with what you want to use as a truncate line.  For example:
Request-Remailing-To: address at site
Cutmarks: -truncate_here-
this is a message
all of this text will get remailed.
this text will not be included in the remailed message.
You can also use the cutmarks feature as a boundry between seperate messages.
To use it in this manner, you must put a :: and remailing instructions
immediately following the cutmarks.  For example:
X-Anonymously-To: joe at nowhere.edu
this is some anonymous mail
X-Anon-To: beth at somewhere.edu
Cutmarks: [END]
look this is anonymous! :)
- Here is my .sig which will get removed -
Additional notes & common problems:
The :: must go on the very first line of the message, or immediately after
the seperator/cutmarks.
The :: is for commands/headers that you want to give to the remailer
software.  Anything that can be put following the :: can also be put in the
regular headers.  The  is for headers that you want to appear in the output
When you use PGP, all the original headers get deleted, so you must put the
Subject inside the PGP message if you want one.
Messages seperated by cutmarks are treated as seperate mail messages.  Each
must have its own cutmarks header if you want to use cutmarks in the next
Only one recipient may be specified per message.  This may be inconvienient,
but it was necessary to prevent Detweiler exponentiation.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Let me know if you have any questions/problems.

@_date: 1994-06-06 00:32:02
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Anonymous says:
Well, there's a lot of stuff on the gopher site at chaos.bsu.edu...
Some of it was a bit out of date last time I checked tho.
Yeah, it didn't answer the pings my software sent out because it
doesn't support Request-Remailing-To.  I changed it to Anon-Send-To,
and it's in the list now.
Yes and no.  I think vox.hacktic.nl can post to usenet with
X-Anon-To: alt.whatever.usenet.group
It won't include the reply block if you send mail to remailer at soda
from another remailer.  (I haven't tried this using all the
remailers tho, so I don't know if it will recognize them all as
being non-replyable addresses.)  Otherwise, you can chain from soda
to my remailer and use the Cutmarks: feature to snip it.
Well, there's mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu ...

@_date: 1994-09-05 08:40:43
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Ethics of Anonymous Remailers (Re: Needed for a computer ethics class) 
No, but it's something that I often get asked.  I would be interested to hear
examples of good things that people are using my anonymous remailer for.
