
@_date: 2000-12-01 15:24:43
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Warning: "Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs - The REAL story!" 
Norton AntiVirus found a virus in an attachment from Hahaha.
Attachment:  sexy virgin.scr
Virus name: W95.Hybris.gen
Action taken:  Clean failed : Quarantine succeeded :
File status:  Infected
Today, Snowhite was turning 18. The 7 Dwarfs always where very educated and
polite with Snowhite. When they go out work at mornign, they promissed a
*huge* surprise. Snowhite was anxious. Suddlently, the door open, and the Dwarfs enter...
Get more from the Web.  FREE MSN Explorer download :

@_date: 2000-12-14 17:37:40
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: U.S. Supreme Court vs. Voting Technology (fwd) 
Robert Guerra forwards:
Just an FYI.  I was checking this out when I noticed via
WHOIS that
                [and possibly even NMA.com?]
are all apparently self-promotional mouthpieces for this Gerck
fellow (formerly of the "Meta-Certificate Group", another
self-promotion vehicle) who has shown up on cypherpunks and other
crypto/security lists from time to time, usually with somewhat
crankish ideas.
- GH
Get more from the Web.  FREE MSN Explorer download :

@_date: 2000-11-03 17:55:51
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: RE: FW: BLOCK: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
I have no doubt that spam *does* cost millions of dollars every
month to handle.  However, describing it as "trespassing", "stealing"
and so forth is simply an attempt to demonize it with emotionally
loaded terms.  It's amazing to me that anyone can get away with
accusing someone else of "stealing" a resource the accuser is giving
away for free.
Consider ordinary snail-type junk mail: many think it's annoying,
wish they didn't have to deal with it, and often try to block its
transmission. Nobody calls it stealing or trespassing, however,
because the junk mailer has to pay to send it (in the same way that
anyone else has to pay to send a piece of mail).
Hence, the obvious solution is to make it *cost money to send mail*
(or to use any other network resource).  Combine that with automated
reputation handling -- charge a small fee to accept mail from
"unknown" parties -- and this both reduces spam and shifts the cost of
resource usage to those using the resources.  Of course, this won't
completely eliminate spam -- nor arguably *should* it -- but it has
the potential to make it less cost-effective that it is now -- where
the cost is effectively zero once you've amassed your list of
addresses.  This would at least make spammers aim at a more
tightly-focused target market.
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-11-10 19:08:07
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Rants and sour grapes ... 
You arrogant pinhead. It is you who have been whining that these
poor dimwitted voters in Palm Beach County must be allowed to vote
again; after all, "the voters should get what they want."
In any case, if they did hold a revote in Palm Beach County, what
happens after that?  What if Bush is still ahead and there are more
spoiled ballots?  What if Gore is ahead, but there are spoiled
ballots?  Or, is the objective to just allow them to re-vote again
and again until you and Gore get the outcome you're looking for?
And what about other states?  There were spoiled ballots in every
state and probably every precinct, and I have no doubt there was
some idiot confused by the ballot in every such case.  What is the
threshold at which we allow that state or precinct to vote over
I'm beginning to think Tim is right:  The fuse on this powder keg
is lit.  The NAACP and its ilk, along with Gore partisans like you,
will never accept the outcome of this election.
And holding a re-vote is the beginning of the end.  Republicans
aren't likely to let the Dems get away with stealing it back.  In
the end, I guess Slick Willie will just have to declare himself
dictator-for-life and invoke martial law to "maintain order".
Better stock up on ammo, folks.  (Maybe Y2K was just a few months
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-11-28 19:36:18
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Imagine 
I wonder if Gore partisans would accept ANY voting method as adequate
while their guy was behind.
I don't really see that there is a problem.  The methods of voting are
a local and/or state matter.  Various jurisdictions are already making
plans to change their voting methods for the next election.  Fine,
that is their prerogative.  However, if some localities continue to
utilize punch cards and the so-called butterfly ballots, that's okay
too.  No ballot is going to be idiot proof (cause you know how ingenious
those idiots are).  There will always be spoiled ballots; it's just a
matter of degree.  The proportion of spoiled ballots in the "disputed"
areas in Florida is no higher than in many other precincts throughout
the country.
Since those who created the ballot and who ran the election in the
disputed areas of Florida are of the same party as Gore, and since
the FL Supremes -- who pretty much just went out and made up their
own laws to help Gore out -- are essentially all of Gore's party as
well, I'm not worried that some great injustice has occurred despite
Bush's brother being "governor of the province".  The ballot design
may well have been responsible for Bush winning and Gore losing, but
since the decisions on the ballot design and deployment were made
through the ordinary statutory mechanisms, well, it's just tough
shit for Gore.
(And as for the notion that some foreigners might think our election
looks like that in a "banana republic": Who cares?  If it lowers our
credibility as the World's Policeman or as potential "election
monitors" the next time a *real* banana republic holds an election,
that's great!  The less we stick our noses in others' business, the
It is no longer possible to select a winner in the 2000 election
whose victory will NOT be questioned by some.  So what?  At this
point, no matter who wins, at least 48% of the population feels that
the winner "stole the election".  With respect to future elections,
it is probably more advantageous to be the loser in this one (well,
at least the losing party, if not the losing candidate).  You go into
the next election with a solid half of the population convinced that
you got screwed; convince a small number of the other half and
you've got the 2004 election sewn up.
Only from simpletons who believe Gore's oh-so-sincere "every vote MUST
be counted."  I mean, really: it's a fine sentiment, but it's never going
to happen.  If our inability to reach perfection is going to cause
citizens to "lose faith in the electorial[sic] process", it simply
shows that they're not paying attention (big surprise).
What's to handle?  Those who don't like it either get over it, or
they join the revolution :-).
- GH
Get more from the Web.  FREE MSN Explorer download :

@_date: 2000-10-19 12:38:12
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Nathan Saper gropes:
So, by extension, people who are 98 years old should be able to
purchase life or health insurance at the same rates as those who
are 22 years old.  After all, they have no control over their age.
Your position is internally inconsistent as well as dishonest and
unfair.  If you believe that people are entitled to medical care
simply because they exist, then at least admit that to yourself
and advocate that government should provide it through tax
The "Big Rich Insurance Company Who Can Afford It" is simply passing
the costs on to the rest of us anyway.  But why should this burden
be placed on the managers and stock holders of the insurance company?
It isn't *their* fault that the prospective insured has a genetic
predisposition to heart disease (or whatever).
The poor old widow whose mutual fund owns the insurance company
stock is being deprived of income thanks to your mandate.  How
is that fair?
Again, this is being dishonest.  Coverage is less expensive than
care only because *someone else is paying for it*. It is the care
that is needed, not "coverage".  Mandated "coverage" is simply
care that someone else is being required to provide.  Any insurance
company obviously prefers to minimize "coverage" that *it knows*
is going to require care to be paid for.
No.  The idea of insurance is to *insure* yourself (and family,
etc.) against unexpected catastrophic losses by pooling risk.
This is why the current American system where virtually everyone's
insurance pays for virtually every visit to the doctor is such a
bad idea.  People should be paying for their ordinary, year-in
year-out health care.  Insurance should only enter the picture if
"large" unexpected expenses are incurred.  This type of insurance
would have a huge positive effect on health care prices in this
country.  Prices keep spiraling upward because the individual
doesn't have any incentive to control costs.  The individual's
only motivation is, as you stated, "get out more than you put in".
Since the individual is not motivated to control costs, neither
is the doctor (excluding HMOs which are an effect of this whole
issue).  Given an unknown condition, the doctor is inclined to
order any test or administer any treatment that *might* be
beneficial, no matter how unlikely.  After all, this covers his
ass: the more tests or treatments tried, the less likely the
doctor is to be sued for "negligently" failing to consider an
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-10-26 13:02:00
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Did it ever occur to you that WHO might have an agenda of its own
that its rankings are intended to advance?
That's bullshit.  "Liberals" in this country like to bitch and
moan about the suffering of the poor and how stingy the rest of
us are, even while most of the so-called poor have cell phones
hanging on their belts.  The poor aren't getting poorer, their
expectations are simply getting higher.  How many "poor" homes
don't have a color TV and a VCR?  To the extent that there are
things they are "forced" to do without, it largely reflects their
own personal choices and/or their lack of ambition.
The few that can really be called poor in this country are the
homeless, most of whom are either mentally disturbed or simply
ambitionless addicts and alcoholics (or both).
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-14 15:10:34
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
Perhaps not less tolerant, but certainly more dangerous: by having
government as its enforcer.  This is why folks are disturbed by the
lawsuits against NAMBLA and the like.  Not that most of us have any
use for them or their philosophy, but that the folks suing them are
in effect using the power of government to "beat them up".
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-20 12:53:26
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: was: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
What a hoot!  Thanks for the pointer. I don't know who these bozos
are, but their web site reads like the product of a bunch of high
school dropouts.  Guilds are of course dangerous and a bad idea,
for a long list of reasons that we've been over on this list
dozens of times.  Fortunately, no one is likely to take these
"programmers" seriously.
As a long-time software designer and implementer, I can
confidently say that anyone who believes there is no shortage
of programmers either isn't a programmer himself or has let his
skill set get way out of date.  And no, I don't live or work
anywhere near Silicon Valley either.  (Apparently, these folks
believe that it is the responsibility of their employers to
train them - they really need to take charge of their own
They, as well as the academics whose works they have links to,
apparently believe that all those job postings in the papers and
on web sites are a vast right wing conspiracy designed to allow
the Evil Big Corporations to hire foreign programmers for peanuts
thru the H-1B program.
Mark, don't worry, the real programmers among us aren't afraid to
compete (actually, right now, there's plenty of work for everyone
who is competent so there's little need for real competetition).
Fortunately, these losers are unlikely to be successful in their
organizational and lobbying efforts.
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-26 14:06:11
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty (was: Re: <nettime> Rebirth of Guilds) 
This certainly gives one good reason not to piss off one's neighbors, eh?
This is of course the whole point of shunning.  It is a way of getting
people to behave in ways that are approved of by their community.  If they
do not, they risk being left to their own devices for survival.  No doubt
you will argue that people must be forced to provide for those who offend
them, at gunpoint if necessary.
Complete bullshit.  In other words, "Violence is whatever I say it is."
So, people should be allowed the freedom of expression, thought and
association, yet they are prohibited from shunning?  You simply can't
have it both ways.  Either one is free to not associate with someone or
they are not (in which case, their "freedom of expression and association"
are nothing but lip service).
Even if it requires *forcing other people* to do things they don't want
to do.
People must behave exactly as you define "playing nice".  Otherwise, you
think they must be forced to "play nice".  Clearly, you're right and
everyone else is wrong and everyone else must be forced to do things your
"Oh, but if they'll just 'play nice' then everyone is free to do as
they please!"
Except somehow merely refusing to associate with someone is categorized
by you as physical violence.  And apparently as a shop-owner I cannot
exercise rights over *my own property* if what I choose to do is
inconvenient for someone else.
The shop owner must be *forced* to tolerate behavior he doesn't approve
of?  What happened to his right to his own property?  Must he also
allow people to have sex in his shop?  Or masturbate?  Or curse?  Or
insult his customers?  Or slander the shopkeeper?  Or sing loudly?
Which set of things must he be forced to accept?  And if he throws
someone out for engaging in one of these behaviors, which things will
cause the Men With Guns to come and arrest *him* for "violating their
right of expression"?
Since food and the like are necessities of life, isn't anyone free to
come in and just take whatever they like from the shop?  After all,
"What if you do not have the means? You just die?"  No, clearly the
shopkeeper would be "doing violence" to me if he tried to prevent me
from taking what I need to live.
Life is unfair.  Get over it.  Those that depend on others for their
well-being or continued survival would do well to be more polite to
them.  If you live at home with Mommy and Daddy, then you'd better
behave as they specify.  Likewise, if you must rely on commerce with
others for your survival, you'd better think twice about offending them.
Why not?  You're already there.  Whatever Sampo thinks is "fair".
In Sampo's world, it's okay to force someone to provide service to
those who insult them or offend them.  I wonder whatever happened to
*their* liberties.
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-27 12:29:57
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty 
Then, too bad.  They haven't *done* anything to you.
It has everything to do with liberty.  The kind of society you
envision is nightmarish: where everyone is required by law to act
in certain defined ways (not merely to refrain from acts which harm
Indeed, you seem to be quite comfortable with police-state tactics so
long as the particular set of rules being enforced are those that you
approve of.
It seems that you're really not at all interested in freedom of any
kind.  Indeed, you share much with the so-called "liberal" elements
of US society.  Lots of lip service to compassion for other people,
equality and brotherhood, all enforced at the point of a gun.
Go to a dictionary and look up the several meanings of "freedom".
Then come back and tell me which one of those squares with your
notion of people being forced to do things they don't wish to do.
A complete non sequitur.  Indeed diametrically opposed to anything
I have said.  A lynch mob, almost by definition, is an imposition of
brute force against others.  (It must have been a tortured mental path
indeed that led from the exercising of one's rights to association and
enjoyment of one's own property to lynch mobs.  Someday maybe you'll
take the rest of us along for the ride, eh?)
I reject the premise as ridiculous and contrived.  But in a word, no,
I wouldn't say it is fair.  (Nor am I interested in striving for
"fairness", about which more below.)
It's quite apparent you have no trouble giving up your freedoms.
Worse, you have no trouble giving up mine too.
"When I use a word, it means just what I choose it to mean.  Neither
more, nor less." said Humpty Dumpty.
However, for the rest of us, "freedom" has a certain meaning which
you are not "free" to redefine.  In Sampo's Orwellian world, "freedom"
apparently means something else.
Absent a clearly established obligation or responsibility to perform
some action, it is quite easy to justify differential treatment.  And
our legal system at least has always done so.
I don't consider the radio spectrum to be particularly scarce, nor
do I support the necessity for it to be government-controlled.
Nonetheless, such a shared resource is not at all the subject that
was being discussed.
In other words, the shop owner *has* no rights.  Only responsibilities.
And if he behaves well, Sampo's world will let him keep some of the
benefits of his property and his labor.  (Not too much though!  He
might start to think he has a right to it!)
"Er, I really don't like to get too specific."
Your answer is already quite clear.
"Oppress"?  Where did that come from?  Again, your words are slippery
and seem to mean whatever you want them to mean from moment to moment.
I don't consider my failure to do as you wish I would "oppression".
First "oppress", now "exploit".  You've been reading your Marx again,
haven't you?  Again, my failure to satisfy your every whim does not
constitute "exploitation".
Fascism?  I don't see the relationship.  Indeed, it is your notion
that people must be forced to act in certain ways by an all-powerful
government, not mine.
Certainly not I.  Liberty is another word you could stand to look up.
Liberty does not equal equality.  Nor is equality a goal I would
espouse for the kind of society I believe in, since that inevitably
means taking from those who have more and giving to those who have
less (without regard to whether they "deserve" it or not).
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-27 19:32:47
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Re: <nettime> Rebirth of Guilds 
Sampo, somewhere in the world today, there is a child starving to
death.  I have no doubt that you could have done something to
prevent it.  However, having chosen to spend your time reading and
writing to the cypherpunks mailing list instead, you failed to do
so.  Hence, I think it only fair that you be arrested and charged
with murder for having failed to save that starving child.  Since
you are so brave and caring, I know you'll have the decency to run
down to the nearest police station and turn yourself in.  Thanks.
(On second thought, considering the thousands of people around
the world who've starved to death over the years in the face of
your inaction, I think it safe to say that you are actually a
mass murderer many times over.  I think you'd better turn yourself
into the World Court for Crimes Against Humanity.)
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-29 10:59:21
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Test - please delete 
Sorry - please ignore.
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-09-29 11:50:32
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CDR: Natural rights (was Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty) 
At heart, the notion of a right is a moral one; it is closely tied
to the moral concepts of good and evil.  These concepts are known
and understood universally among members of our species.  Some view
them as attributes of their religious belief, but even those who
aren't religious and don't think in terms of "sin" recognize the
concepts.  The idea of right versus wrong is clearly both natural
and universal to humankind.
While individuals' beliefs as to exactly which "natural rights"
exist may differ, all people (save some tiny few sociopaths who
must be considered "abnormal") agree on some of them.  For example,
if you did a poll, you'd find that pretty near 100% of people
believe at some level that they have a right to protect their own
lives and the lives of their family members.   The limits or
boundaries of that right would of course be the subject of
considerable dispute.
A frequent critique of libertarianism (and anarcho-capitalism) is
that it advocates a law-of-the-jungle, winner-take-all society:
that the strong, the wealthy and the powerful prosper while the
weak, the poor and the powerless are doomed to suffering,
exploitation and oppression.
However, it is this idea that natural rights do not exist, that
any right you have is something that can simply be taken away by
"society" (in practice of course that means the government), that
is the real law-of-the-jungle situation.  It is saying, in effect:
you have no rights except those "we" (variously defined as society
or government, but it always boils down to the Men With Guns from
the government) allow you.  "And don't complain too loudly or we
might have to take those away too" (for the chiiiiiildren, perhaps).
I and most others on this list utterly reject that crap.  As James
Donald's .sig used to say (and maybe still does): "We have the
right to defend ourselves and our property, because of the kind of
animals that we are."  You can't take away my right to defend
myself by simply "redefining" it.  And anyone who tries to do so
has marked himself as one worth careful watching, or even perhaps,
as Tim so often suggests, killing.
- GH
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2001-08-21 13:14:42
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
After two days of fighting with their Mickey Mouse software, I actually
managed to track down this case on the web page of the US District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois.  While somewhat interesting
with respect to the disclosure of personal details behind "anonymous"
email accounts, it's got very little to do with the snippet above that
it was offered in reply to.
Cypherpunks remailers do not have associated account identity
information as was being sought in this case (at least not to the extent
that such information is associated with the sender of one or more
particular messages).  In fact, the "anonymous" accounts referred to
in that case are/were not anonymous at all in the cypherpunkian sense
and did not issue via remailers; those accounts are pseudonymous (like
the account from which this message came [or the account known as
aimee.farr at pobox.com? :]).  This is why the people in that case really
were "cowering" behind their "remailers".  If they'd used cypherpunks-
anonymous remailers, they'd be raising their middle finger from behind
their remailers.
Finally, if Aimee doesn't wish to be perceived as a troll, she really
needs to try harder.  Echoing calls for Choate to provide summary
information describing the topics of URLs he forwards, I would like to
ask Aimee to provide a synopsis of cases she cites here and preferably
a few words on why she thinks that case is interesting or applicable to
the current thread.  Rather than just tossing the lawyerly pearls before
us unappreciative swine.
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-08-28 12:50:43
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
You (and Aimee) make the mistake of assuming that all of us believe that
we are living in the best of all possible worlds.  Many people however
believe that we [read: our government(s)] are in a downward spiral that
is converging on police-and-welfare-state.  In the US for example, we
long ago abandoned our constitution.  We still give it much lip service
and we still have one of the "more free" societies but things are
trending in the wrong direction.
Each year more oppressive laws are passed, more things are made illegal
to say or write or - if some have their way - think.  (And of course it
goes without saying that these things that are prohibited to us are
available to "authorized users": those in intelligence, law enforcement,
etc. - the usual "more equal" individuals.)  More of our incomes are
stolen to be redistributed to the lazy and undeserving, who have every
incentive to continue voting for the politicians who will continue to
transfer money from productive individuals to them.
At the same time, more twits like you and Aimee spring up, always ready
to say "no, you mustn't say such things - you don't really mean that, do
you?  How could anyone even think such things?"
As Tim has pointed out over and over, you need to read up on cypherpunks
themes, goals and history.  His signature has included this inscription
for years (though he seems not to be using it lately):
Did you think he didn't really mean it?
As a start on getting up to speed on alternatives to our current "system
of government" (and excellent entertainment besides), I recommend you
read these works:
    "Snow Crash" by Neal Stephenson
    "The Ungoverned" by Vernor Vinge
There are many others that could be added to this list but just reading
these will give you a taste of some alternative societies that might be in
many ways preferable to the current kleptocracy.
- GH (who admits he's been heavily influenced by Mr. May)
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-08-28 16:46:41
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Didn't you already sign on?  Surely through your careful study of the
archives you know that one of the founding documents for this list is
Tim's "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto".  It's practically the charter.
See, for example,
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-08-29 13:32:06
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
My point of course - which through either duplicity or rank ignorance
seems to have gone right over your head - is that your mere presence
on this list as a reader and especially poster of messages is sufficient
to associate you with Tim and his Crypto Anarchist Manifesto brush, and
with Jim Bell and his Assassination Politics, and with CJ and his "plot"
to plant bombs and terrorize federal judges and Bill Gates, and with
Eric Michael Cordian and his defense of BoyNet and NAMBLA, [and lions,
tigers and bears, oh my!]
"So let me get this straight, Ms. Farr, you hang out and "cyber-chat"
with these hackers and copyright thieves, and with known anti-government
extremists, anarchists, and convicted chemical-weapon terrorists, and
with pedophiles and child pornographers about how to hide their illegal
acts with this 'encryption technology'.  What did you say your purpose
in that was again?"
Everyone on this list who isn't already working for the govt can
easily be tarred with the same brush that painted Jim Bell and CJ.
If you are really too dense to see this, it's time someone spelled it
out for you.  And if not, then you clearly are not the disingenue you
profess to be.
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-08-31 18:49:56
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
What a comedian!
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-12-03 12:45:49
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: MD5 (was Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions) 
What techniques could be used to do this?  MD5 has some weaknesses,
but creating collisions still is not trivial.  Unless you know
something I don't.
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-12-13 12:50:01
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
Naw, he's been around longer than that.  This is the earliest
message I can find:
    It's interesting to note how much more pleasant Choate was in his
early days on the list.  In those days, he was not so intent on
showing everyone that he was an authority on all possible subjects.
- GH
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:

@_date: 2001-12-14 18:00:17
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Reichstag 2001: Mil making Daschle-quality anthrax 
Dirk Boxcuttah forwards:
There is only one use for "weapons-grade" anthrax: infecting a large
population with the disease.  Any organization making it is clearly
a Terrorist Organization and ought to be dealt with accordingly...
- GH
Send and receive Hotmail on your mobile device:

@_date: 2001-12-14 20:03:20
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
I didn't read every word of the documents on the Wired site, but enough
to see that whatever this guy may have been, an actual Mean, Nasty,
Scary Father Raper and Child Pornographer he was not.  As the Church
Lady would say, how *convenient* that the postal inspector has retired
rather than stay on to explain his lies, the manufacturing of evidence,
and the wanton and careless destruction of exculpatory evidence in this
case.  ("I'm sorry, Your Honor, I just can't recall...")
You have to appear to have done some work occasionally, even if you're
a postal inspector.  And then you can't very well admit that you've
just wasted N months and countless tax dollars investigating a poor
nerdy video gamer, can you?  This isn't really difficult to understand
except for the naive, and disingenuous apologists for the police state.
(Don't bother... we already know which you are.)
By the way, when's the last time anyone heard of law enforcement
admitting they made a mistake, humbly apologizing and giving someone
their property back?  I can't ever recall having heard that.  The most
one ever hears is (usually several years after the fact) something
like "mistakes were made; we are re-evaluating our investigative
procedures to avoid any such mistakes in the future".  No one is ever
held responsible.  (Did Richard Jewell get an apology?  Did Wen Ho Lee?
Or Randy Weaver?  How about the Branch Davidians?)
Now, I'm not claiming that the cops are *always* lying.  Only that
anyone who automatically *assumes* that they're telling the truth is
a lot scarier to me than this so-called child pornographer.
This is only the "real issue" for the small percentage of priggish
wannabe cops on the list; those who are afraid that someone somewhere
may be having fun doing something they consider immoral (but who'd
secretly enjoy the titillation of being let in on it).
- GH
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:

@_date: 2001-12-18 21:18:58
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
Brings to mind something my 10-year old pointed out to me soon after
9/11.  He likes to play computer war games in the Command and Conquer
in one of the games and attacking the US, one of your first
assignments is to wipe out the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
Wonder if UBL is getting royalties from the game manufacturer?
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-02-14 12:57:32
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for... 
Ahhh!  I feel better!  Many months had passed since our last
good shot of JYism. (;-)
Some of you may not appreciate...
but IMO John Young is supremely gifted.
(call it cross-wired, or warped, or twisted, but "lolling a dry
tit bit by...."?  what great imagery!)
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-02-20 19:35:33
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: privacy regulations suck also (Re: Formal apology)  
Somehow, for you, there is no contradiction between "none of these laws
call for 'restricting' the use of information" and "must comply with the
restriction".  Must be some other language you speak.
Health care is clearly an exception since the subject matter of the
field is the person himself.  For most purposes, finance does not (read:
would not in an ideal world) require any personal information.
(Sic 'em, Hettinga! He doesn't understand the concept of a bearer bond.)
Well, Adam, after years of experimenting with, analyzing, implementing,
writing about, and discussing crypto and privacy, isn't it great
to have some bozo show up on the list and start lecturing to you about
what "most people working in the privacy field" think?
Ahh, the classic "Euro" privacy kleptocrat: got to "control" what those
evil corporations can do.  But pay no attention to that man from the
government: he is your Friend (or Do You Have Something To Hide?).
I'm not sure why you think you have any right to tell me (or my company)
what I can do with information that resides on my private hard disk or
a piece of paper in my desk drawer.
It already has happened to some extent: see anonymizer.com (or the new
safeweb.com).  Digital cash will happen eventually; it's just too useful.
Other stuff will follow.
I don't know what planet you live on.  I visit a retail store nearly
every day, walk up to the counter, plop down my bills and walk out
with merchandise.  Nobody asks me my name or my social security number
or where I live.
"This is _very_very_ complicated, son. Just leave it to us professionals."
Kinda hard to believe the CTO of a place called privacyright.com hasn't
thought a bit more deeply about this stuff.
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-02-22 20:27:44
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Secure Erasing is actually harder than that... 
This is a case of letting the perfect be an enemy of the good: it
ain't ever gonna happen.  People that write MUAs or word processors
or spread sheet programs or web browsers are good at and want to
write those programs. They aren't going to have the time or interest
in becoming expert enough in crypto to use it wisely.  So, with a few
exceptions, crypto is (and probably ought to be) done by wrapping the
application, or putting a new front-end (or back-end on it) or
encrypting the drive at the OS level.
Crypto and key management is hard (particularly if you do it well);
it just isn't realistic to expect that it will *ever* be designed in
as a matter of course.
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-01-09 12:11:01
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
See this table from Merriam-Webster:
    - GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-11-16 19:33:04
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
Then what the hell are you doing here, chitchatting on the list many
critics have characterized as Tim's private cesspool?
Yes, Tim.  Come on.  Faustine will be doing Important Rigorous and
Objective Policy Analysis.  Her work will have Real Impact.  Members of
Congress and the Administration will invite her to come give them
briefings (at least those with sufficient clearance).  Large corporations
will be wetting themselves in their anxiety to have her join their Board
of Directors.
She just doesn't want to "show her hand" yet.  You know, all those
paparazzi can be so annoying. And it's hard to get important Policy
Analysis done when you're being pestered by all those lightweights
in Congress.
Besides: Gosh!  Just think: we'll be able to say that we knew her when.
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-10-17 17:47:25
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems 
Bill Stewarts forwarded:
Nobody doubts that!
Sept. 11 merely provided the opportunity for the slimy power-hungry
control freaks to take advantage of the unprincipled and weak-willed.
No surprises here; Sept. 11 has been a wet dream for the Fibbies.
In other words: "Baby, this won't hurt that much if you'll just lay
back and quit fighting it."  So it turns out that Kapor's just another
fucking toady, ready to suck his thumb and let Big Brother take care
of him.
I'm really sick of hearing all these digerati -- that used to [claim
to] support civil liberties -- now ready to bend over and spread 'em
for the Feds.  This simply goes to show that they Never Had Any
Fucking Principles To Begin With.  They were just playing the part,
trying to look cool and hang out with the other trendy celebrities
espousing trendy liberal positions.
If one actually had principles, one would have thought about the
possibility of a large scale terrorist attack long before it
happened, and have allowed for it in their world view and their
political philosophy.
At least you know where Baker stands.  And it ain't on the side of
liberty!  (I *would* like to know why an ISP would hire Baker to
represent them when FBI is asking them to conduct electronic
surveillance; that seems a bit like asking the fox to help guard the
- GH
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2002-11-08 18:50:28
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Did you *really* zeroize that key? 
I don't understand this extraordinary level of concern  As both James
and Perry have tried to point out, 'volatile' is *not* an obscure
feature.  Maybe it was obscure back in the mid-1980s, but every C
compiler I've seen in years supports volatile.  Its behavior has been
part of the C std for a long time now, and it's a critical part of a
large body of code on pretty much every platform.
It's interesting that you bring up the subject of "fixed size buffers"
being overrun.  That also results from ignorance and carelessness on
the programmer's part *not* from incorrect compiler implementation.
It sounds like the problem is more a lack of understanding of what
'volatile' means.  Nowhere in this thread (or from what I can tell,
the thread on vuln-dev) has anyone alleged that an actual compiler
didn't handle 'volatile' correctly.
- GH
The new MSN 8: smart spam protection and 2 months FREE*

@_date: 2003-09-19 16:36:37
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: JetBlue Shared Passenger Data   
wherein JetBlue helps you bend over while TSA unbuckles...
- GH
Try MSN Messenger 6.0 with integrated webcam functionality!

@_date: 2004-04-13 15:57:45
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Fornicalia Lawmaker Moves to Block Gmail 
No privacy is lost in the gmail system; no information about either
party is disclosed to any third party.  The information contained in the
message still remains private to the sender and recipient (well, to the
extent that any web-based mail can be considered "private").  Exactly
what "traditional legal guarantees" do you think would be lost in the
gmail system?
So what?  The average sender doesn't understand that mail is
"intercepted and parsed" by each SMTP or POP server encountered in the
path from sender to recipient.  Or that their message is written to the
hard disk of each of those systems as well.  What the average sender
understands is irrelevant unless there is some bearing on his
expectation of privacy in the message contents.
Really, what's the difference between scanning the message in order to,
say, render HTML tags it may contain, and scanning it in order to
generate targetted advertising based on keywords it contains?  The
latter could also be considered as merely part of the rendering process.
- GH
Persistent heartburn? Check out Digestive Health & Wellness for information and advice.

@_date: 2004-03-24 17:20:58
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk to the FBI 
If they want to do some good, how about investigating these criminals?
Have to confess I'm a little confused, though.  On the one hand, the article insists they broke no laws; on the other, it says they "trade on privileged information not available to the public." Isn't this the very definition of insider trading?  Isn't it what they were originally pursuing Martha for?
- GH
Check out MSN PC Safety & Security to help ensure your PC is protected and safe.

@_date: 2005-12-20 20:43:04
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: [Clips] US CODE: Title 50,1811. Authorization during time 
That's a pretty short and uncomplicated paragraph even in view of your
well-known attention-deficit issues.
Was there some part of the phrase you quoted: "for a period not to  exceed calendar days following a declaration of war by the Congress" that you
were unable to understand?
Dont just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search!

@_date: 2005-07-25 10:37:39
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Well, they got what they want... 
Sure we have been asked.  We get asked every two years, which means
twice already since 9/11.  We keep electing the same assholes who gave
us the patriot act, and the national ID cards, and the "assault weapons"
ban and all of the Know Your Customer / anti-money-laundering
regulations, and the anti-drug laws.  "We" have the power to stop all of
this if we choose.
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2005-06-24 11:22:16
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
Interesting that the author of that opinion was O'Connor, who authored the *dissent* from this week's opinion.  Apparently, taking property from one private individual and giving it to another is fine with her if the one you're taking it from is a member of an (evil by definition) "oligopoly".
O'Connor's dissent in the recent case is full of hair-splitting about why this transfer isn't for public use while the other one was, but all of her arguments would have and should have applied to the earlier case as well.
There is a special place in Hell reserved for people like her who open the proverbial barn door and then proceed to complain when the whole herd stampedes through. The key word is "principles": O'Connor should find some and try applying them consistently.
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2005-06-24 11:30:01
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
Yes, because so many of the current justices have been appointed by Bush...
...oh, wait....
(You might want to look at which justices joined this opinion and which dissented before you launch into an "Evil Republicans" rant.)
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2005-03-17 14:28:26
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Test 
Test - please ignore.
FREE pop-up blocking with the new MSN Toolbar  get it now!

@_date: 2005-05-05 14:48:04
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Pi: Less Random Than We Thought 
I don't have Knuth's book handy to look at, but it's not really correct
to speak of a particular sequence or subsequence of digits as being
random or non-random.  For example, is this sequence of bits random:
01100100010?  How about this one: 0000000000?  From a true random number
generator, both are completely possible and equally valid.
(Furthermore, I would contend that the digits of pi are *non-random* by
One can only do statistical analyses of sequences of digits to determine
whether they *appear* to have a uniform distribution of individual
digits and subsequences.
Of course the result of such a test (positive *or* negative) doesn't positively confirm
whether a given digit source is truly random.
Wikipedia has a good article on randomness:
Dont just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search!

@_date: 2005-05-10 12:40:17
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: [rationalchatter] Interesting Trial - IRS trial - July 11th 
While anyone can empathize with their desire not to pay taxes and
many of us can even disagree with the moral justification for taxes,
these people are idiots.  Their entire case boils down to quibbles
over arguably poorly worded regulations.  And even if you take their
argument at face value, if you go read the sections of the Code of
Federal Regulations they cite, they're just plain wrong: they're willfully
misreading the plain language of the regulations.  (Okay, "plain
language" is probably not the right phrase to apply to any part of
the CFR, but...)
They're definitely going down; probably to jail, but at the least they'll
be subject to massive fines, property seizures, etc.
"Nothing to see here, folks; move along."
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2005-10-19 19:59:18
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Judy Miller needing killing 
The problem is that reporters want to be made into a special class of people that don't have to abide by the same laws as the rest of us.  Are you a reporter?  Am I?  Is the National Inquirer?  How about Drudge?  What about bloggers?  Which agency will you have to apply to in order to get a Journalism License?  And will this License to Report entitle one to ignore subpoenas from federal grand juries?
Reporters should have no rights the rest of us don't have.  It's hard to imagine the framers of the constitution approving an amendment that said freedom of the press is granted to all those who first apply for and receive permission from the government.
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2005-10-19 21:22:43
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Judy Miller needing killing 
I've never heard it disclosed how the prosecutor discovered that Miller had had such a conversation but it isn't relevant anyway.  The question is, can she defy a subpoena based on membership in the privileged Reporter class that an "ordinary" person could not defy?
I don't know this either; perhaps because he immediately rolled over when he got subpoenaed?
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2005-10-19 21:44:07
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Judy Miller needing killing 
Yes, it specifies printed material rather than spoken; this wouldn't have been unusual to them -- English law has long distinguished libel from slander, for example.  Your statement implies that you think the framers were being deliberately vague or encoding various sorts of subtle nuances in the amendment's language.  It's much simpler to presume that they said what they intended to say.
Dont just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search!

@_date: 2005-10-20 10:57:23
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: Judy Miller needing killing 
Miller wasn't prosecuted.  She was not charged with a crime.  She was not in danger of being charged if she had "revealed the identity". She was jailed for contempt of court for obstructing a grand jury investigation by refusing to testify.  Perhaps no one should be required to testify but current law here is that when subpoenaed by a grand jury investigating a possible crime, one is obliged to answer their questions except in a small number of exceptional circumstances (self-incrimination would be one example).  Miller is seeking to be placed above the law that applies to the rest of us.
You're confused.  AFAIK, no one has suggested that Novak commited a crime in this case. The "actual crime (of revealing)" is what the grand jury was attempting to investigate; Miller was jailed for obstructing that Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today - it's FREE!

@_date: 2008-12-02 23:18:58
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: thoughtcrime official now 
I'm not sure what you find so disturbing about this.  Sure, they're trying to
detect thoughtcrime but they're not going to send you off to a gulag as a
result of this alone (well, at least not in the more enlightened countries);
they will simply "select" you for further screening.  Anything that has the
potential of someday reducing the oppressiveness of the current security
clusterfuck is a plus in my book.
Let them watch and listen all they want.  If we weren't all being stripped and
orifice-searched like felons, we'd have a lot less to be "stressed" about in
the first place.
In the long run, of course, this system too can be defeated.  I'm sure it
works fine to detect a spur-of-the-moment suicide bomber (assuming there is
such a thing) -- or a scared-shitless first-time drug mule -- but a
dedicated-enough terrorist will make enough dry runs and view enough
simulations of likely subliminal pictures that he will not be overly nervous
when the big day arrives.
I'm also very skeptical that the technologies work as well in the field as
their corporate cheerleaders would like you to believe.  Wonder how many
actual terrorists they've tested the system on?  Do you suppose it works as
well as the polygraph?  The same sorts of claims were made when that was
You live life online. So we put Windows on the web.

@_date: 2010-07-09 06:27:15
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
Hotmail has tools for the New Busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox.

@_date: 2010-06-15 06:30:59
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
The New Busy is not the old busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox.

@_date: 2010-06-19 12:11:03
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
The New Busy is not the old busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox.

@_date: 2010-06-19 12:36:35
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
Hotmail is redefining busy with tools for the New Busy. Get more from your

@_date: 2010-05-20 00:27:08
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
Hotmail is redefining busy with tools for the New Busy. Get more from your

@_date: 2010-05-20 00:27:27
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
The New Busy think 9 to 5 is a cute idea. Combine multiple calendars with

@_date: 2010-05-24 01:42:37
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: No subject 
Hotmail has tools for the New Busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox.

@_date: 2011-01-28 10:09:03
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: take a look at this 
you can get an ipad for free from this site  I
don't know how long they're gonna give them away but I got mine. I was
skeptical about this whole idea of free stuff but this site is for real, you
just have to send them back a review and then you can keep it.
Sent from my iPad

@_date: 2011-01-28 10:09:07
@_author: Gil Hamilton 
@_subject: take a look at this 
you can get a free ipad from this site  I
don't know how long they're gonna give them away but I got mine. I was
skeptical about this whole idea of free stuff but this site is for real, you
just have to send them back a review and then you can keep it.
Sent from my iPad
