
@_date: 2007-12-29 19:38:28
@_author: Gautam John 
@_subject: [silk] For years US eavesdroppers could read encrypted messages 
Sat, 29 Dec 2007 04:02:00
By Ludwig De Braeckeleer
(OhMyNews) -- For decades, the US National Security Agency (NSA) has
been reading effortlessly ultra sensitive messages intercepted from
all parts of the world. This extraordinary feat was not the
consequence of the work of some genius cyber mathematician. Nor was it
the result of the agency dominance in the field of super computers,
which allegedly have outpaced their most direct rivals by orders of
magnitude. The truth is far simpler and quite troubling. The game was
For half a century, Crypto AG, a Swiss company located in Zug, has
sold to more than 100 countries the encryption machines their
officials rely upon to exchange their most sensitive economic,
diplomatic and military messages. Crypto AG was founded in 1952 by the
legendary (Russian born) Swedish cryptographer Boris Hagelin. During
World War II, Hagelin sold 140,000 of his machine to the US Army.
"In the meantime, the Crypto AG has built up long standing cooperative
relations with customers in 130 countries," states a prospectus of the
company. The home page of the company Web site says, "Crypto AG is the
preferred top-security partner for civilian and military authorities
worldwide. Security is our business and will always remain our
And for all those years, US eavesdroppers could read these messages
without the least difficulty. A decade after the end of WWII, the NSA,
also known as No Such Agency, had rigged the Crypto AG machines in
various ways according to the targeted countries. It is probably no
exaggeration to state that this 20th century version of the "Trojan
horse" is quite likely the greatest sting in modern history.
In effect, US intelligence had spies in the government and military
command of all these countries working around the clock without ever
risking the possibility of being unmasked.
An Old and Venerable Company
In the aftermath of the Islamic revolution, Iran, quite
understandably, would no longer trust encryption equipment provided by
companies of NATO countries.
The Swiss reputation for secrecy and neutrality lured Iranians to
Crypto AG, an old and venerable company. They never imagined for a
moment that, attached to the encrypted message, their Crypto machines
were transmitting the key allowing the de scri ption of messages they
were sending. The scheme was perfect, undetectable to all but those
who knew where to look.
Crypto AG, of course, denied the allegations as "pure invention." In
1994, the company issued a message in the Swiss press, stating that
"manipulation of Crypto AG equipment is absolutely excluded."
On the Wikipedia page of Crypto AG, one can read: "Crypto AG rejected
these accusations as pure invention, asserting in a press release that
in March 1994, the Swiss Federal Prosecutor's Office initiated a
wide-ranging preliminary investigation against Crypto AG, which was
completed in 1997. The accusations regarding influence by third
parties or manipulations, which had been repeatedly raised in the
media, proved to be without foundation."
However, meetings between a NSA cryptographer and Crypto AG personnel
to discuss the design of new machines have been factually established.
The story was also confirmed by former employees and is supported by
company documents. Boris Hagelin is said to have acted out of
idealism. What is certain is that the deal for Crypto AG was quite
juicy. In return for rigging their machines, Crypto AG is understood
to have been granted export licenses to all entities controlled by the
Early Hints
A book published in 1977 by Ronald Clark (The Man Who Broke Purple:
The Life of Colonel William F. Friedman) revealed that William F.
Friedman, another Russian-born genius in the field of cryptography (he
deciphered the Japanese code in World War II) and onetime special
assistant to the NSA director, had visited Boris Hagelin in 1957.
Friedman and Hagelin met at least on two other occasions. Clark was
urged by the NSA not to reveal the existence of these meetings for
national security reasons. In 1982, James Bamford confirmed the story
in his book on the NSA: The Puzzle Palace. The operation was codenamed
the "Boris project." In effect, Friedman and Hagelin had reached an
agreement that was going to pave the way to cooperation of Crypto AG
with the NSA.
Despite these very obvious hints, countries such as Iran, Iraq and
Libya continued using the Crypto AG machines for encrypting their
messages. And so did the Vatican, among many other entities.
Persian Suspicions
In 1987, ABC News Beirut correspondent Charles Glass was taken hostage
for 62 days in Lebanon by Hezbollah, the Shi'ite Muslim group widely
believed to have been founded by Ali Akbar Mohtashemi, when he was
Iranian ambassador to Syria in the early 1980s.
Washington claimed that NSA had intercepted coded Iranian diplomatic
cables between Iran's embassies in Beirut and the Hezbollah group.
Iranians began to wonder how the US intelligence could have broken
their code.
After the USS Vincennes shot down an Iranian Airbus over the Persian
Gulf on July 3, 1988, "Iran vowed that the skies would rain with
American blood." A few months later, on Dec. 21, a terrorist bomb
brought down Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
Once more, NSA intercepted and decoded a communication of Iranian
Interior Minister Ali Akbar Mohtashemi linking Iran to the bombing of
Pan Am 103.
One intelligence summary, prepared by the US Air Force Intelligence
Agency, was requested by lawyers for the bankrupt Pan American
Airlines through the Freedom of Information Act.
"Mohtashemi is closely connected with the Al Abas and Abu Nidal
terrorist groups. He is actually a long-time friend of Abu Nidal. He
has recently paid 10 million dollars in cash and gold to these two
organizations to carry out terrorist activities and was the one who
paid the same amount to bomb Pan Am Flight 103 in retaliation for the
US shoot-down of the Iranian Airbus."
Moreover, Israeli intelligence intercepted a coded transmission
between Mohtashemi in Teheran and the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
concerning the transfer of a large sum of money to the Popular Front
for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command, headed by Ahmed
Jibril, as payment for the downing of Pan Am 103.
The Iranians were now at a loss to explain how Western and Israeli
intelligence agencies could so easily defeat the security of their
diplomatic traffic. The ease with which the West was reading Iranian
coded transactions strongly suggested that some may have possessed the
decryption keys.
The Bakhtiar Murder
In April 1979, Shahpour Bakhtiar was forced to leave Iran as the last
prime minister of the Shah. He returned to France where he lived in
the west Paris suburb of Suresnes. In July 1980, he nearly escaped an
assassination attempt. On Aug. 6, 1991, Bakhtiar and his personal
secretary Katibeh Fallouch were murdered by three assassins.
Two of them fled to Iran, but the third, Ali Vakili Rad, was
apprehended in Switzerland. One of the six alleged accomplices, Zeyal
Sarhadi was an employee of the Iranian Embassy in Berne and a
great-nephew of former president of Iran Hasemi Rafsanjani. Both men
were extradited to France for trial.
On the day of his assassination and one day before his body was found
with his throat slit, the Teheran headquarters of the Iranian
Intelligence Service, the VEVAK, transmitted a coded message to
Iranian diplomatic missions in London, Paris, Bonn and Geneva. "Is
Bakhtiar dead?" the message asked.
Switzerland's Neue Zurcher Zeitung reported that the U.S. had provided
the contents of encrypted Iranian messages to France to assist
Investigating Magistrate Jean Louis Bruguiere in the conviction of Ali
Vakili Rad and one of his alleged accomplices Massoud Hendi. This
information was confirmed by L' Express.
The NSA interception and decoding of the message led to the
identification of the murderers before the murder was discovered. From
the Swiss and French press reports, Iranians now knew that British and
American SIGINT operators had intercepted and decoded the crucially
embarrassing message. Something was definitely wrong with their
encryption machines.
The Buehler Arrest
Hans Buehler was a top Crypto AG salesman who had worked at the Zug
company for 13 years. In March 1992, Buehler, a strongly built
cheerful man in his 50s, was on his 25th trip to Iran on behalf of
Crypto AG.
Then, on March 18, he was arrested. Iranian intelligence agents
accused him of spying for the United States as well as Germany.
Buehler was held in solitary confinement in the Evin prison located in
the north of Tehran. He was interrogated everyday for five hours for
more than nine months.
"I was never beaten, but I was strapped to wooden benches and told I
would be beaten. I was told Crypto was a spy center that worked with
foreign intelligence services."
Buehler never confessed any wrongdoing on his part or on the part of
Crypto AG. It appeared that he had acted in good faith and the
Iranians came to believe him. "I didn't know that the equipment was
bugged, otherwise the Iranians would have gotten it out of me by their
many methods."
Back to Switzerland
In January 1993, after nine months of detention, Crypto AG [or was it
Siemens?] paid US$1 million to secure Buehler's freedom. During the
first weeks after his return to Switzerland, Buehler's life was once
again beautiful. The euphoria did not last long. Once more, his life
came to an abrupt change. Crypto fired him and demanded repayment of
the $1 million provided to Tehran for his liberation.
Back to Zug, Buehler began to ask some embarrassing questions about
the Iranian allegations. And the answers tended to back up Iranian
suspicions. Soon, reports began to appear on Swiss television and
radio. Major Swiss newspapers and German magazines such as Der Spiegel
picked up the story. Most, if not all, came to the conclusion that
Crypto AG's equipment had been rigged by one or several Western
intelligence services.
Buehler was bitterly disappointed. He felt nothing short of having
been betrayed by his former employer. During all these years, Buehler
never thought for a second that he had been unknowingly working for
spies. Now, he was sure that he had done so.
Buehler contacted several former Crypto AG employees. All admitted to
him, and eventually to various media, that they believed that the
company had long cooperated with US and German intelligence agencies.
The Truth Emerges
One of these former engineers told Buehler that he had learned about
the cooperation from Boris Hagelin Jr., the son of the company's
founder and sales manager for North and South America. In the 1970s,
while stranded in Buenos Aires, Boris Hagelin Jr. confided that he
thought his father had been wrong to accept rigging the Crypto AG
Stunned by the revelation, the engineer decided to take this matter
directly to the head of Crypto AG. Boris Hagelin confirmed that the
encryption methods were unsafe.
"Different countries need different levels of security. The United
States and other leading Western countries required completely secure
communications. Such security would not be appropriate for the Third
World countries that were Crypto's customers," Boris Hagelin explained
to the baffled engineer. "We have to do it."
The NSA-Crypto AG Collaboration
A Crypto AG official document describes an August 1975 meeting set up
to demonstrate the capacity of a new prototype. The memorandum lists
among the participants Nora L. Mackebee, who, like her husband, was an
NSA employee. Asked about the meeting, she merely replied: "I cannot
say anything about it."
During the '70s, Motorola helped Crypto AG in making the transition
from mechanical to electronic machines. Bob Newman was among the
Motorola engineers working with Crypto AG. Newman remembers very well
Mackebee but says that he ignored that she was working for the NSA.
Juerg Spoerndli left Crypto AG in 1994. He helped design the machines
in the late '70s. "I was ordered to change algorithms under mysterious
circumstances" to weaker machines," says Spoerndli who concluded that
NSA was ordering the design change through German intermediaries.
"I was idealistic. But I adapted quickly b& the new aim was to help Big
Brother USA look over these countries' shoulders. We'd say 'It's
better to let the USA see what these dictators are doing,'" Spoerndli
"It's still an imperialistic approach to the world. I do not think
it's the way business should be done," Spoerndli adds.
Ruedi Hug, another former Crypto AG technician, also believes that the
machines were rigged.
"I feel betrayed. They always told me that we were the best. Our
equipment is not breakable, blah, blah, blah. Switzerland is a neutral
Crypto AG vs. Buehler
Crypto AG called these allegations "old hearsay and pure invention."
When Buehler began to suggest openly that there may be some truth to
them, Crypto AG not only dismissed him on the spot, but also filed a
legal case against him.
Yet Crypto AG settled the case out of court, in November 1996, before
other former Crypto AG employees could provide evidence in court that
was likely to have brought embarrassing details to light.
No one has heard from Buehler since the settlement. "He made his
fortune financially," whispers an insider.
A Fuzzy Ownership
The ownership of Crypto AG has been to a company in Liechtenstein, and
from there back to a trust company in Munich. Crypto AG has been
described as the secret daughter of Siemens but many believe that the
real owner is the German government.
Several members of Crypto AG's management had worked at Siemens. At
one point in time, 99.99 percent of the Crypto AG shares belonged to
Eugen Freiberger, the head of the Crypto AG managing board in 1982.
Josef Bauer was elected to the managing board in 1970. Bauer, as well
as other members of Crypto AG management, stated that his mandate had
come from the German company Siemens.
The German secret service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), is
believed to have established the Siemens' connection. In October 1970,
a secret meeting of the BND had discussed how the Swiss company
Graettner could merge with it. "The Swedish company Ericsson could be
influenced through Siemens to terminate its own cryptographic
business," reads the memo of the meeting.
A former employee of Crypto AG reported that he had to coordinate his
developments with the "central office for encryption affairs" of the
BND, also known as the "people from Bad Godesberg."
American "watchers" demanded the use of certain encryption codes and
the "central office for encryption affairs" instructed Crypto AG what
algorithms to use to create these codes.
Bakhtiar Murder Trial
"In the industry everybody knows how such affairs will be dealt with,"
says a former Crypto engineer. "Of course such devices protect against
interception by unauthorized third parties, as stated in the
prospectus. But the interesting question is: Who is the authorized
On Dec. 6, 1994, a special French terrorism court convicted two
Iranians of murdering Bakhtiar. Vakili Rad was sentenced to life in
prison. But, to the dismay of all observers, Sarhadi was acquitted.
"Justice has not been entirely served for reasons of state,"
complained Bakhtiar's widow.
It appears indeed that France, Switzerland, the German BND and the NSA
decided to let Sarhadi go free in order to preserve the "secrecy" of
the Crypto AG cooperation with the NSA.
In 1991, the US and the U.K. indicted two Libyans for the bombing of
Pan Am 103. To the surprise of many observers, the indictment did not
mention those believed to have contracted the act of terror in spite
of the fact that their guilt had been established by the interception
of official communications by several intelligence agencies.
To many observers, justice was not served at the Lockerbie trial.
Could it be that the US and U.K. governments decided to sacrifice the
truth in order to preserve the (in)efficiency of their intelligence
Ludwig De Braeckeleer has a Ph.D. in nuclear sciences. He teaches
physics and international humanitarian law. He blogs on "The

@_date: 2008-01-21 09:34:38
@_author: Gautam John 
@_subject: [silk] The US of A is officially paranoid. 
Do stories such as this affect your thinking or actual
living/working/studying in the US?
IN a recent morning interview in a Midtown Manhattan office Ramak
Fazel came across as the quintessential world citizen: tall, slim and
elegant, his English tinged with an untraceable accent and peppered
here and there with an Italian phrase.
He also exuded the weariness of a frequent flier, having arrived the
afternoon before at Newark Liberty Airport, where he was delayed for
nearly three hours while United States Customs and Border Protection
agents questioned him about the purpose of his trip, searched his
baggage and photocopied the pages of his personal agenda.
That routine is something that Mr. Fazel, a 42-year-old freelance
photographer who lives in Milan, Italy, has come to know well, and he
takes pains to come across as favorably as possible. For starters, he
makes sure his face is always immaculately cleanshaven.
"I have become the poster boy for Gillette," he said, somewhat ruefully.
Shaving was one of the last things on Mr. Fazel's mind when, on Aug.
7, 2006, he set out on a photographic and philatelic odyssey from his
mother's home in Fort Wayne, Ind. His mission was to photograph each
of the nation's 50 state capitol buildings and dispatch a postcard
from each city, using postage stamps from a childhood collection. Each
postcard would be mailed to the next state on his journey, where he
would pick it up, continuing until he had gone full circle back to
But there was a problem. On a flight from Sacramento, Calif., to
Honolulu, Mr. Fazel described his project to a fellow passenger. He
later discovered that she had reported him as suspicious b perhaps to
the pilot or the Transportation Security Administration b and taken a
picture of him as he slept.
Maybe it was because he was vaguely foreign looking, he reasoned, and
his photographic endeavor seemed menacing in a post-9/11 landscape. He
also had a three-day growth of beard, he recalled. And, although Mr.
Fazel grew up mostly in the United States and is an American citizen,
there was his Iranian name.
In his view that woman's report began a chain reaction, turning him
into a person of interest for officials from local law enforcement
agencies on up to the F.B.I. On a stop in Annapolis, Md., for example,
he was interrogated about his activities and read his Miranda rights.
Today, he said, his name lingers on what he thinks of simply as the
"the list." (He doesn't know where it originated or who controls it.)
He believes it has prevented him from receiving a visa to India and
caused him be questioned at the border of Poland, both of which he had
visited in the past. He said he has been interrogated the last four
times he has entered the United States.
That sense of stigmatization b and the pursuit of life, liberty and
art b is a steady undercurrent in "49 State Capitols," an exhibition
of postcards, photographs and ephemera from Mr. Fazel's 2006 trip that
is to open on Wednesday at the Storefront for Art and Architecture in
SoHo. (He ran out of money before he made it to Alaska.)
"I wanted to learn about America," Mr. Fazel said. "Visiting the
capitols b I don't want to say it's a dream, but we're led as children
to believe that it's kind of an obligation, that you need to see up
close the country you call home.
"I may live abroad, but my sense of being an American, of loving my
country, has never changed."
Mr. Fazel, who moved to Italy in 1994, conceived of the trip in 2006
while visiting his mother in Fort Wayne, where she called his
attention to his stamp collection in the attic. "Do something with
these,' " he remembered her saying.
He went to a collector who offered him less than he believed his
stamps were worth. "I thought, what a shame to just sell these for
$1,000," Mr. Fazel said. "I felt they needed to be released from that
static state, needed to be released for their original purpose to be
What specifically inspired his trip was a page of stamps of the flags
of the 50 states, in the order of their admission to the union, issued
for the nation's bicentennial in 1976. That was the year he began
collecting, shortly after moving to Fort Wayne, where the Fazels were
the only Iranian family.
Mr. Fazel was born in Iran but moved to the United States when he was
2 months old. His father, who was then working on his doctorate in
psychology, and his mother, who eventually became a potter, settled in
Logan, Utah, and then in Fort Wayne. In 1970 the family briefly moved
back to Iran, where his father taught in a satellite campus of Harvard
Business School in Tehran; in 1976 they returned to Fort Wayne.
Mr. Fazel, feeling something of an outsider in a community divided
into white and black, athletically gifted and not, turned to stamp
collecting at his father's urging. "Through stamps I had the chance to
learn about America and American culture," he said. He collected
enthusiastically, using money he earned from mowing lawns and
shoveling snow.
But with a driver's license came adult freedom, and Mr. Fazel tucked
his collection away. He earned a degree in mechanical engineering at
Purdue University, then went to New York to study graphic design and
photography. In 1994 he moved to Milan b "to enrich myself, invest in
myself," he said b and to overcome a sense of his cultural
limitations. He feels that he succeeded, he said, yet he never stopped
pondering what it meant for him to be American.
So in the spring of 2006, stamps in hand, he began to plot his road
trip, researching the shortest distances from state capital to state
capital and the locations of post offices and Y.M.C.A.'s (where he
could shower and swim). He spent $1,500 on a used Chevy van in which
he would live and another $2,000 to refurbish it. At night he would
often seek out Wal-Mart parking lots, where security was tight, to
park his van and sleep.
In each capital Mr. Fazel would research the state's history in a
library and then design a 10-by-14-inch postcard on white stock,
adorned with mosaics he concocted from stamps related to the state.
The postcard he sent from Florida to Georgia honors space flight; the
one from Hawaii to Arizona pays tribute to Pearl Harbor. The postcard
sent from New York to Pennsylvania bears 11-cent stamps from 1965 that
Mr. Fazel arranged in the shape of the twin towers b one toppling
over, the other being pierced by a commercial aviation stamp b and
with fire truck and ambulance stamps and a commemorative stamp of St.
Vincent's Hospital Manhattan.
Mr. Fazel drove 17,345 miles in 78 days, mailing a postcard from each
city and picking it up in the next one, with the speed of the mail
dictating the pace of his trip. "It was such a nice surprise to
discover how reliable the postal system was," he said, adding that
some of the cards arrived within 12 hours.
But in Jackson, Miss., his journey took its bizarre twist. One night,
as he sat in his van, a beam of light pierced his reverie. He heard
his name over a loudspeaker and a command to step out of the vehicle
with his hands held high.
Suddenly, Mr. Fazel said, he was forced to the ground, face to the
concrete, and handcuffed by a city police officer. His vehicle was
searched, and when the officers determined that nothing was amiss, Mr.
Fazel was ordered to leave the parking lot and continue down the road.
He said the officers told him that they had received a report that he
was aiming an automatic weapon at passing traffic.
Lee D. Vance, assistant chief of the Jackson city police, said he
could not confirm the incident because it had not resulted in an
arrest and because Mr. Fazel has not filed a complaint.
As Mr. Fazel continued his travels, he slowly began to perceive that
he was on some kind of watch list. In Atlanta he was prohibited from
entering the Capitol, he said, even as others did. In Columbia, S.C.,
he was questioned on the grounds of the Capitol by a police officer
who mentioned that he knew Mr. Fazel lived in Italy.
On the morning of Oct. 3, he entered the Maryland Capitol in
Annapolis, where he presented identification and signed his name on a
visitors' sheet. A guard asked him to wait.
Suddenly, Mr. Fazel said, he was handcuffed and rushed through
corridors into a police station, where a man he later learned was a
member of the Maryland Joint Terrorism Task Force with the F.B.I.
started speaking to him in Farsi.
As Mr. Fazel related it, the experience went as follows:
"I'm American," Mr. Fazel said. "I speak English."
Another officer asked, "Where are you really from?" Mr. Fazel produced
his Indiana driver's license.
"I can tell by looking at you that you're not from Fort Wayne," the
officer replied.
After a four-hour encounter in which he was asked about a recent trip
to Iran for an Italian design magazine and about who was financing his
trip to state capitols, he was released without being charged. But he
was also warned by an F.B.I. official that he was now in the system
and would have troubles if he continued his trip.
Richard Wolf, a media coordinator with the F.B.I. in Baltimore, said
he had no knowledge of the incident. He added, "We don't normally
respond or comment on any sort of leads we've conducted with the Joint
Terrorism Task Force."
Asked whether Mr. Fazel was on the government's terrorist watch list,
Bill Carter, an F.B.I. spokesman in Washington, said that as a matter
of policy, "we can't verify whether an individual is on a watch list
or not."
After the incident in Maryland Mr. Fazel called Brett R. Fleitz, a
lawyer in Indianapolis and a childhood friend. Mr. Fleitz said he
immediately sought to reassure him. "I implored him to continue
because he was very, very doubtful about the prospects for going on
and the dangers that might lie ahead," Mr. Fleitz said. "I said,
'Dude, you're an American.' And Ramak said, 'No, I'm a naturalized
American.' And I said: 'It doesn't matter. There aren't two tiers of
citizenship here. You have nothing to hide.' "
He advised Mr. Fazel to greet law enforcement officers cheerfully and
"lay it all out," as well as to ask for and photocopy the business
cards of the authorities he encountered.
Mr. Fazel forged toward the last half of his destinations with his
camera, a 1964 Rolleiflex. Despite being questioned at or denied
entrance to the remaining capitols, he got every one of his pictures:
sometimes an image of gilded rotundas or historic murals, other times
pictures of the everyday, the mundane. He photographed visitors in
House chambers; a funeral procession for Ann Richards, a onetime Texas
governor; a portrait of Arnold Schwarzenegger and his wife, Maria
Shriver, in the waiting room of the California governor's office.
And as the mood of his trip changed from joy to disquiet, he
photographed police officers at one capitol, and, at another, a
"caution" tape blocking an entrance.
In Albany, Mr. Fazel was asked to wait at the entrance of the Capitol
until investigators talked with him. One gave him a big slap on the
back, Mr. Fazel recalled, and said, "I know everything about you, and
I know you've been getting a lot of attention."
Thomas M. Peters, a senior investigator with the New York State
Police, confirmed that Mr. Fazel's journey from capitol to capitol had
raised suspicion.
"We were notified in advance that he was making his way up the East
Coast from his stops at other capitols, where he was challenged by law
enforcement agents," he said. "They indicated that at some times he
seemed agitated and seemed to be giving evasive answers to their
questions, but we don't know for sure because we were basically
getting this information thirdhand."
Mr. Peters added: "He was fine with us. And if he was agitated, it was
probably because he got tired of being questioned."
Looking back on his travels, Mr. Fazel said: "Notwithstanding the
intense scrutiny, the trip was a positive experience. I'm neither
rancorous, nor do I feel offended."
Still, he said, he would like to see his name removed from "the list,"
or whatever it is that caused him to be repeatedly stopped and
The journey ultimately left him wondering what it means to be American
b and, more fundamentally, who he really was.
"What I thought would be an exercise in self-betterment turned out to
be something a little bigger," he said dryly.

@_date: 2008-09-22 11:55:09
@_author: Gautam John 
@_subject: [silk] Blackberry in India 
At last, govt cracks BlackBerry code
22 Sep, 2008, 0121 hrs IST,Niranjan Bharati, ET Bureau
NEW DELHI: The government has decrypted the data on Research In
Motion's (RIM) BlackBerry networks. The department of
telecommunication (DoT), Intelligence Bureau and security agency
National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO) have done tests on
service providers such as Bharti Airtel, BPL Mobile, Reliance
Communications and Vodafone-Essar networks for interception of
Internet messages from BlackBerry to non-BlackBerry devices.
Initially, there were difficulties in cracking the same on
Vodafone-Essar network but that has also been solved. This means that
the e-mail messages sent on Internet through your BlackBerry sets
would no longer be exclusive and government would be able to track
"Decompression is being tested in operator's network with three
successful testing on Bharti Airtel, Reliance Communication and BPL
Mobile," a source in DoT said. He, however, added that the solution
reached upon would not be shared with anybody including the national
telecom service providers like BSNL or MTNL. "The test is being
conducted wholly for non-enterprise solutions," he said. The Union
cabinet has also been apprised of the recent developments by the DoT.
Makers of BlackBerry set, RIM, could not be contacted for comment. An
e-mail sent in this regard the company did not elicit any response
till the time of going for press. An official in Vodafone-Essar,
however, on conditions of anonymity said that there has been
substantial progress in decoding the BlackBerry encryptions and DoT
has got success on decompressing the data on the networks of all the
major service providers.
The test would be conducted on all the network of all the BlackBerry
service providers and the service providers, on whose network the
interception does not happen smoothly, would be asked to make
technical changes in their services to make them compatible for
decompression. Decompression is the process of decoding information
with an aim to transfer the data to a different medium like data to
voice, data to video or data to text.
The DoT had earlier asked RIM to provide the master key to allow
access to contents transferred over their handsets. RIM had, however,
said that it could not handover the message encryption key to the
government as its security structure does not allow any third party or
even the company to read the information transferred over its network.
The BlackBerry issue surfaced earlier this year when DoT asked Tata
Tele-services to delay the launch of the service till appropriate
security mechanisms were in place. Currently, there are over one lakh
BlackBerry users in the country.
Bharti Airtel, Reliance Communications, Vodafone Essar and BPL Mobile
are offering this service in the country. Tata Teleservices has also
been allowed to offer the BlackBerry services recently.
Incidentally, Tata Teleservices launched the service after telecom
secretary Siddhartha Behura said that the government has no role in
stopping the company from offering the service.
