
@_date: 2003-05-15 14:54:58
@_author: glen mccready 
@_subject: Nmap is actually fast in the future. 
Forwarded-by: nev at bostic.com
Forwarded-by: "Frank Byrum" Sent: Thursday, May 15, 2003 5:17 AM
Hi Everyone.  There is a disturbance in the force!  You may recall a couple
weeks ago that MS started recommending Nmap on some of their web pages.
That was strange, but I did not foresee the anomalous omens that would
Like almost any self-respecting geek, I bought tickets to 'Matrix: Reloaded'
several weeks back (no spoilers, I promise).  After all, who can resist the
combination of philosophical mind games and Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss) in
that tight leather bodysuit?
So after waiting an hour in a line snaking out of the theatre to the parking
lot, I finally got in to my 10pm Wednesday showing.  All was going well
until Trinity needed to do some hacking.  Oh, no!  I was sure we'd see a
silly "Hackers"-esque 3D animated "hacking scene". Not so!  Trinity is as
smart as she is seductive!  She whips out Nmap (!!!), scans her target, finds 22/tcp open, and proceeds with an 8ber
ssh technique!  I was so surprised, I almost jumped out of my seat and did
the "r00t dance" right there in the theatre!
There can be only one explanation: Carie-Anne has the hots for me!
Now your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to secure a screen-shot
of that few-second episode!  Not only is it important for the coolness
factor, but we can learn how Nmap looks in the future by studying that
output!  So perhaps some of you gray hats in the audience have a quality
DivX/MPG of the movie already?  Let me know if you do (but no 2GB email
attachments please!)  Or perhaps someone could sneak a quiet flashless
digital camera into the theatre and take a shot.  But you must react quickly
as it is literally only up for a few seconds (Nmap is actually fast in the
future).  Do this, and you will prove that you are truly "the one"!  I'll
also put your name and a thumbnail on the front page of Insecure.Org if you
send in the best shot.
In other news, a few people have inquired about further survey results.
Sorry I have been so slow, but things have been very busy. I'm pretty sure
I'll be able to send more by next week.  I hope to have a couple other
announcements ready for next week as well!
Keep it real,
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-08-10 10:46:27
@_author: glen mccready 
@_subject: When good tags go bad... 
Forwarded-by: "Rex Burkheimer" Allowing motorists to obtain personalized plates provides them with an
opportunity to obtain something distinctively unique, something that
commands far more attention than the usual humdrum string of letters and
digits. Sometimes, though, one's choice of license plate can command an
unexpected and undesirable form of attention.
In 1979 a Los Angeles man named Robert Barbour found this out the hard way
when he sent an application to the California Department of Motor  Vehicles
requesting personalized license plates for his car. The DMV form asked
applicants to list three choices in case one or two of their desired
selections had already been assigned. Barbour, a sailing enthusiast, wrote
down "SAILING" and "BOATING" as his first two choices; when he couldn't
think of a third option, he wrote "NO PLATE," meaning that if neither of his
two choices was available, he did not want personalized plates. Plates
reading "BOATING" and "SAILING" had indeed already been assigned, so the
DMV, following Barbour's instructions literally, sent him license plates
reading "NO PLATE." Barbour was not thrilled that the DMV had misunderstood
his intent, but he opted to keep the plates because of their uniqueness.
Four weeks later he received his first notice for an overdue parking fine,
from faraway San Francisco, and within days he began receiving dozens of
overdue notices from all over the state on a daily basis. Why? Because when
law enforcement officers ticketed illegally parked cars that bore no license
plates, they had been writing "NO PLATE" in the license plate field. Now
that Barbour had plates bearing that phrase, the DMV computers were matching
every unpaid citation issued to a car with missing plates to him.
Barbour received about 2,500 notices over the next several months. He
alerted the DMV to the problem, and they responded in a typically
bureaucratic way by instructing him to change his license plates. But
Barbour had grown too fond of his plates by then to want to change them, so
he instead began mailing out a form letter in response to each citation.
That method usually worked, although occasionally he had to appear before a
judge and demonstrate that the car described on the citation was not his.
A couple of years later, the DMV finally caught on and sent a notice to law
enforcement agencies requesting that they use the word NONE rather than NO
PLATE to indicate a cited vehicle was missing its plates. This change slowed
the flow of overdue notices Barbour received to a trickle, about five or six
a month, but it also had an unintended side effect: Officers sometimes wrote
MISSING instead of NONE to indicate cars with missing license plates, and
suddenly a man named Andrew Burg in Marina del Rey started receiving parking
tickets from places he hadn't visited either. Burg, of course, was the owner
of a car with personalized plates reading "MISSING."
Nonetheless, some motorists still choose personalized plates destined to
land them in similar trouble. Jim Cara of Elsmere, Delaware, found that out
the hard way when he selected the phrase "NOTAG" for the license of his
Suzuki Hayabusa motorcycle in 2004:
Jim Cara wanted a vanity license tag that would make people laugh.
But when he chose "NOTAG" for the plate on his Suzuki Hayabusa, a sleek blue
and silver motorcycle with a speedometer that reaches 220 mph, the joke
The new tag arrived Saturday under an avalanche of Wilmington parking
"All the traffic tickets say, 'Notice of violation. License number: no
tag,'" Cara said.
City computers, talking to state Division of Motor Vehicles computers, had
finally found an address for ticketed vehicles that lacked license tags:
Cara's home in Elsmere.
"I messed up the system so bad," Cara said. "I wonder if they can put me in
jail or something?"
He has received more than 200 violation notices. The mail carrier came twice
on Saturday. Cara opened a few. They ranged from $55 to $125 for violations
such as meter expirations.
Cara, 43, who works for the American Motorcycle Association, said he's been
a lifelong prankster. This time, though, "the cleanup is going to be worse
than the joke," he said.
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]
