
@_date: 2001-11-21 06:01:38
@_author: Conquer Your Life In 2002! 
@_subject: Make Life Give You What You Desire In 2002                                    [crezf] 
Are You Ready To Make Life Give You What You Want?
If you wish to be
excluded from future offers from this advertiser see remove details below.
You Living The Life Of Your Dreams?
A Helping Hand In Achieving Your Goals In 2002!
Dear Friend,
There is only one person in this world who can make your
dreams come true – YOU! No business opportunity, no “secret” tricks, no
program is going to do the work for you. It’s up to YOU to decide what you
want, why you want it, and then to go out and get it!
All successful people share one common characteristic,
they all have clearly defined, focused goals that they are committed to achieve.
We'd like to offer you a FREE subscription to The Goal Setting Newsletter which explains the key
strategies and techniques used by Olympic athletes and other high-performing people.
The Goal Setting Newsletter
will bring you thought-provoking tips, techniques, stories, and exercises that are
designed to keep you focused on your most important goals and dreams. By subscribing you will learn:
Strategies and techniques known only to the most
successful and highest paid people in the world.
How to double your income and simultaneously double your
free time.
How to develop the habits of success practiced by all high
performing men and women.
How to increase your income by 25% to 50% each year by
focusing on your highest value added tasks.
How to develop a Personal Strategic Plan that serves as a
blueprint for your business and personal life.
And much more...
You’ll be getting a helping hand every step of the way, from the time you first
envision your goals to the day that you finally reach them.
By subscribing now, you'll receive a very special report titled, “The
10 Laws of Peak Performance” absolutely 100%
FREE! This powerful report outlines the immutable laws you must adhere to in order to accomplish
your goals, and live the life of your dreams. No matter what you want to achieve in life, you NEED this
here to subscribe to The Goal Setting Newsletter.
Get your FREE subscription to The Goal Setting Newsletter, and also receive a FREE
report titled: “The 10 Laws of Peak Performance” If you’re serious about bettering yourself and
getting to the top, this will prove to be one of the most important decisions you’ll
ever make.
Remember, success in any endeavor does not happen by accident – it is the result of
deliberate decisions, conscious efforts, and immense persistence! In short, success
requires goals!
Make the right decision, subscribe to The Goal Setting
PS. To receive
your first issue of The Goal Setting Newsletter,
here to subscribe now.
“First, have a
definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve
your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that
end.” Goal Is Simply To Help You Achieve Yours!"
Address Removal Instructions
This advertisement provides all recipients with a no-cost
method to permanently remove their e-mail address from future mailings. To permanently
remove your address click
here to send your request.
