
@_date: 2001-12-13 01:33:46
@_author: gabriel rosenkoetter 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
No, no. AP is funny because it's impracticeable. One does not find an
assassin exclusively by tracing who paid him to kill. One can (and
often does) find him because he makes a mistake in the act of
commiting the crime. Which, if I'm reading my history right, is
what's hampered the noisy proponents of AP up to this point already.
The point is that Bell's theory does a really good job of sorting out
the business end of assassination, but it does nothing for actually
teaching people how to kill. More importantly, it doesn't teach
people how to avoid getting caught.
Killing one person, especially a public official, pisses a whole
bunch of people off. Those people have a tendency to come find
their buddy's killer.
No kind of real or threatened assassination can weaken a government
in which a majority of the governed people believe. It can only make
it seem more righteous and be more strong.
gabriel rosenkoetter
gr at eclipsed.net
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-12-13 07:32:03
@_author: gabriel rosenkoetter 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
I'm inserting attributions and reformatting cited text, since you
seem incapable of quoting in a legible manner. I'm also only
replying to the parts of this that particularly amuse me. You should
be aware that I'm not taking you seriously. Ordinarily, I wouldn't
feed the trolls, but I'm bored.
Jim Bell was arrested for, charged with, and convicted of crossing
US state lines with the intent to threaten a federal official, a
felony in this country. Felony == crime. Carl Johnson was similarly convicted of threatening a federal
official, still a felony in the US.
Regardless of what you think of the laws involved, these two broke
them according to the legal system under which they chose to
operate, which is, by definition, crime.
Bully for you that you live (or claim to live) in Australia under a
different legal system.
The point here is that Bell, Johnson, and you have all made
yourselves prime suspects if any public official (especially one in
the US) is killed in a way that can be linked to assassination
politics, and the still-rather-powerful executive branch of the US
government is likely to come looking for you (and Bell and Johnson,
if they're not incarcerated at that point) if someone should be,
and likely to charge you with incitement to murder. It doesn't
matter whether or not this is Right (I'm willing to stipulate that
it's Wrong), it is the reality of the situation.
The crypto and electronic currency ideas used in assassination
politics are kind of neat as a thought experiment, but the execution
(no pun intended) has, thus far, fallen extremely short. Unless
you know something I don't and would care to share it.
My point is that knowing who was paid to kill someone is not the
only way to find out that the assassin performed the assassination.
The assassin can easily be (and often is) caught in the act. The
assassin can fail (and, for bonus points, also be caught). There are
plenty of examples of assassination attempts for which there is no
monetary paper trail in which the assassin has been caught. (Let's
see, in US history off the top of my head: John Wilkes Booth, Lee
Harvey Oswald, and John W. Hinckley Jr.)
The issue of getting caught is totally orthogonal to the monetary
paper trail; they intersect if a LEA uses the monetary paper trail
to catch the assassin, but that's not the only way to catch him.
Getting caught, though, must be a concern equal to, if not greater
than, compensation to an assassin interested in getting paid for
assassination (since he can't get paid if he gets caught or, at
least, it won't do him much
good in prison).
How so?
I think you've watched Grosse Pointe Blank five too many times. How
many seasoned professional killers do you really imagine are running
around in the US these days? No, really, I want to know what you
Hrm. That kind of counteracts the utility of Bell's system of
remuneration for assassination, doesn't it? If the assassin would
have done it for free (or, at least, cheap) and is willing to die
trying, why would he bother with all the crypto flim-flam? Sure,
maybe having a list of "recommended targets" would be helpful for
all those civil-liberty-loving suicidal assassins out there just
searching for a suitably morally devoid victim, but there's not
much need for an organization to hold predictions in escrow then,
now is there?
Really, I don't see what you've got against W. He's actually just a
harmless twit, another Ronald Reagan. You really ought to be more
interested in his cabinet, starting with (my former governor, who
managed to lose an election to a dead man) Ashcroft. They're the
real assholes. But you'd have a hard time knowing that considering
you don't even live in the country whose public figures you're so
interested in having assassinated.
Cheers mattd, apologies to the unamused on cypherpunks...

@_date: 2003-06-19 11:01:12
@_author: gabriel rosenkoetter 
@_subject: 1st amend, thoughtcrime, schools as pipelines to jail 
cpunks/cpunks works.
gabriel rosenkoetter
gr at eclipsed.net
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2003-06-19 11:25:51
@_author: gabriel rosenkoetter 
@_subject: Destroying government computers 
Hash: SHA1
I've said this before, but I'll say it again:
Spooks don't get AOL CDs too?
If you were going to go about blowing up someone's computer, would
you *really* do it in a traceable way? Wouldn't IP spoofing and
throwaway connections just be SOP at that point?
Do you expect a government so obviously disinterested in its
citizens' privacy to openly disclose their source IP address? C'mon.
Or do you just think that they'll be stupid enough not to know to
bother? Certainly, your first retaliation would get their attention,
and they have plenty of clout to hire smart people to deal with this

@_date: 2004-06-20 21:52:55
@_author: gabriel rosenkoetter 
@_subject: Novell-SUSE Sponsors Openswan (fwd from 
What, precisely, is broken about KAME?
What is it about the Linux crowd that, if it's two years old, it's
apparently time to reimplement it.  (Firewall code, software RAID,
libc, you know, whatever. Bonus points if it means a kernel A{B,P}I
How 'bout just importing the reference implementation which Works,
something FreeS/WAN was never actualy able to say?
Oh well.
gabriel rosenkoetter
gr at eclipsed.net
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-11-17 02:26:01
@_author: gabriel rosenkoetter 
@_subject: 1st amendment 
"The next day, Zarqawi's spokesman announced the proof and
provided a link to the video of the exploding car bomb, on The
Asked how he would like The Plant to respond, ..."
                              ^^^
And any news editor who so grossly fails to copy edit also deserves
killing. Telling little slip, tho'.
gabriel rosenkoetter
gr at eclipsed.net
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]
