
@_date: 2013-02-21 12:19:56
@_author: Martin Johnson 
@_subject: [liberationtech] "Chinas Internet?" 
The majority of Internet users in Mainland China spend 100% of their online
time on Chinese websites. Google+, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Blogspot and
many more (see  are completely blocked in Mainland
China. Most other foreign websites are both considerably slower than
domestic ones, and subject to keyword-based blocking of certain URLs.
The majority of Internet users outside Mainland China spend 0% of their
online time on Chinese websites. This is not just a language issue - there
are a lot of Chinese-speaking people outside of Mainland China, and several
Chinese websites have English-language interfaces. It's also because they
are slow. The Great Firewall slows down traffic in both directions. Concern
with censorship may also discourage some users, as seen recently regarding
In this sense, there is a Chinese Internet or a Chinanet, as opposed to the
rest of the Internet. They are not completely cut off from each other, but
in practice there is little communication between the two. Unfortunately.
Martin Johnson
Founder of GreatFire.org | FreeWeibo.com | Unblock.cn.com
PGP key Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-01-04 14:50:47
@_author: Martin Johnson 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Google Bows Down To Chinese Government On 
Sometime between December 5 and December 8 last year, Google made a
surprising decision that hasnbt yet been reported. They decided to remove a
feature which had previously informed users from China of censored
keywords. At the same time, they deleted the help article which explained
how to use the feature. This indicates a new development in the
relationship between the Chinese government and Google. Since Google moved
its search engine to Hong Kong in 2010, censorship of its services such as
YouTube, Google Plus and thousands of keywords on Google Search has been
done by the Great Firewall, out of control of Google. This latest move was
fully controlled by Google and can as such only be described as
Full story at

@_date: 2013-01-10 20:22:30
@_author: Martin Johnson 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Google Bows Down To Chinese Government On 
I am in China.
Google is said to have a 5% market share in China. There are at least 500
million Internet users so that makes for about 25 million users. The number
of users using VPNs or circumvention tools is unknown but likely much
smaller. For example, Twitter is estimated to have less than 20,000 active
users in China (
Commercial VPNs require credit cards to sign up and are used by very few.
Free circumvention tools like FreeGate reach many more but are also
continuously targeted by authorities making them slow and unstable. Users
who can circumvent the GFW do not always do it. Connecting is slow and, for
running a general Google search, unnecessary.
All this means that Google's user experience without a VPN matters a lot.
Because of the decision they took in December, that user experience got
The users Wired talked to were not representative of Chinese netizens. As
for the Techcrunch statements, "sources suggest" doesn't make it true. But
it is true that "since the notification feature was implemented, access to
Googlebs search engine in China has been blocked more often than usual".
That is, it was blocked once (on November 9) as opposed to "usual" which is
that it isn't blocked. This blocking being part of Google's decision to
disable the feature was exactly the argument that we were making. The
authorities blocked Google and likely used this and the threat
to permanently block it to pressure Google into doing their bidding.
Martin Johnson
 - Monitoring Online Censorship In China.
 - Uncensored, Anonymous Sina Weibo Search.
 - We Can Unblock Your Website In China.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-01-30 12:11:48
@_author: Martin Johnson 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Man-in-the-middle attack on GitHub in China 
At around 8pm, on January 26, reports appeared on Weibo and Twitter that
users in China trying to access GitHub.com were getting warning messages
about invalid SSL certificates. The evidence, listed further down in this
post, indicates that this was caused by a man-in-the-middle attack. Full
post at One interesting conclusion is that support for HTTP Strict Transport
Security in Chrome and Firefox makes a real difference. If
man-in-the-middle attacks become more common in China, preventing users
from adding exceptions and making the warning messages informative is
crucial. We need to find ways to convince users to use browsers that
support these safety measures. Currently, around 50% of Internet users in
China use either the 360 so-called Safety Browser (which is a very ironic
name) or Internet Explorer 6 (yes, it lives on in China).
Martin Johnson
 - Monitoring Online Censorship In China.
 - Uncensored, Anonymous Sina Weibo Search.
 - We Can Unblock Your Website In China.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
