
@_date: 2011-11-15 05:28:04
@_author: Gregory Alan Bolcer 
@_subject: [FoRK] Fwd: [ PFIR ] Google announces opt-out for wi-fi 
I don't get it.  Why would Google ever know anything about your Wifi? If  you choose to make your ssid publicly broadcast, it's publicly broadcast. At least they admit to it unlike the tens of other people who discovered it.  Is the complaint that they've just reduced the cost to centralized the info and made it searchable?  Likewise, if you don't properly password protect that publicly broadcast ssid, you will have people using it.  If you care anything about security, not to mention privacy, you shouldn't be broadcasting that at all.
I have a better idea, we should have a campaign that everyone change their ssid to "wireless," "netgear," "linksys," or "default."

@_date: 2012-11-16 10:33:59
@_author: Gregory Alan Bolcer 
@_subject: [FoRK] Reminder: ZSF launch event tomorrow! Please help spread 
You keep changing the subject.
The idea that all money is equivalent is the argument bitcoin wants to  make. You asked for flaws in that argument, so I played devil's advocate.  The flaw is that bitcoin is not accredited and the amortized value is being fed by criminal activity.
The legal argument against Napster was that it was solely a criminal  enterprise, whose only purpose was to steal copyrighted material, and the criminal activity was not separate from the purpose of its being. Further, everything that it was and will ever be, would never evolve past the ability to steal copyrighted material. (You can agree or disagree with that, but that was the determination that led to its downfall).
That's not to say that bitcoin (or Napster which failed to do so) can't  evolve past a criminal enterprise.  I was simply pointing out that it  hasn't done so thus far and the mechanisms it's using are incentived so  that investors have a vested stake to cover up or remain willfully  ignorant of that criminal activity.
In the RISKS part of the transhumanist/bci portfolio, the over-dependence on bitcoin should be spelled out as a specific risk, unless of course the ZS people truly believe they are post-logical and true believers, which would make them a cult and not the ultra-logical transhumanists they truly I'm not claiming what you state below, only that the market which was set up has yet to evolve past the tipping point.  Do you believe bitcoin has evolved past a criminal enterprise?
