
@_date: 1993-04-08 14:56:11
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Real-time BBS Encryption?? 
[Talks about real-time end-to-end encryption of user sessions on BBS's.]
It's not quite as sexy and "James Bond" as real-time end-to-end encryption, but I think an easier approach to this would be to adopt the architecture of the offline mail-reading programs that are available.
For the benefit of people unaccustomed to offline readers, these programs collect up all of the unread messages, E-mails, and file descriptions from a BBS, .ZIPs or otherwise packs/compresses the files, and then the user downloads that "packet", and hangs up. The user then uses a program on her local PC to read and reply to messages in that packet, dials the BBS again, and uploads her responses.
I haven't fussed around with offline readers much, but I'll bet it'd be pretty simple to add a step to the collection/.ZIP process, which would encrypt the whole package with some prearranged key.
This would allow folks to use standard BBS programs, standard terminal programs, and perhaps even standard offline readers. It should be pretty simple from a programming standpoint, as well; it's perhaps implementable with only batch commands. Yes, the "bad guys" will get to watch the user log on and log off, and can read the menus and choices - but so what? It's possible (easy, really) to encrypt all of the really interesting stuff.

@_date: 1993-04-17 01:30:08
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Clinton Administration crypto proposal/policy 
The Clinton Administration's recent proposal, and responses to same from
the net community, have left several questions in my mind:
o       Are these devices intended to be used as isolated pairs - such that
two phones/modems/whatever will only speak with each other .. or will any
such device speak with any other such device? If any device can communicate
with any other device, how is the key(s) for en/decryption for any
particular session determined? .. and what prevents an eavesdropper who is
present from the beginning of the session from using that data to decrypt
the conversation?
o       According to the EFF response to the proposal, there aren't really
two keys, but two 40-bit halves of one 80-bit key. Doesn't this imply that
were a "bad guy" able to get just one of those halves, the computing power
required to do a brute-force attack is considerably lessened? (I'm asking
a question here, not making a statement. I read about this because I think
it's interesting but it's not really my field.)
o       Presumably, these devices will insert into the data stream some
sort of "sender ID" which will allow eavesdroppers to know which key(s)
they need a warrant for - doesn't this seem to make it pretty easy to
keep track of data along the lines of "Station 12345 sent 500 packets to
station 31415, who sent 7734 packets in return" .. which would seem to
present privacy questions separate from (but dwarfed by :) the
security of the encryption itself?
Also, cypherpunks readers may find these two snippets from two articles
re the proposal interesting (and chilling):
_NY Times_, 4/16/93, p. A1 (National edition)
"The Clinton Administration plans a new system of encoding electronic
communications that is intended to preserve the Government's ability
                                                             ^^^^^^^
to eavesdrop for law enforcement and national security reasons .."
Eugene, Oregon's _Register-Guard_, 4/16/93, p. 3A
"The Clinton Administration is about to announce a plan to preserve
privacy in electronic communications, including telephone calls and
electronic mail, while also insuring [sic] the government's right
                                                            ^^^^^
to eavesdrop for law enforcement and national security reasons."
Emphasis, of course, added by me. The Register-Guard article is taken
from the NY Times' article (presumably from a wire service) and
consists of paragraphs 2,3,4,5,6,8, and 9 of the NY Times article, with
changes to the first paragraph noted above.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Consulting                  +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-04-29 14:13:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Tough Choices 
With all due respect, fuck that. I agree that it would be much much better
if PGP users could be licensed; but your letter convinced me that it's
even more crucial that we get Bizdos, et al., to give or sell us a license
for PGP. Yes, it is important that we have a legal and above-board product
available to us. Walking away from a well-written and well-distributed
(and FREE, with source) piece of software to assuage the egos and wallets
of a few folks in California is bullshit.
If I need to choose between "legitimacy" and privacy, privacy wins.
Every time.
This is the carrot for Bizdos:  our money, and more market share.
This is the stick for Bizdos: some of use are gonna use it anyway.
He can have our money to use it - or not. RSA's choice.
This entire issue pisses me off - the work that created the "patentable"
stuff in the first place was supported by with public money. I think that
makes it ours. I'd be willing to play along with this game if it was
possible for me to do so in a reasonable fashion; but it is not. My money
went to fund the development of an algorithm that now I'm not allowed to
use? NOT!
The real enemy is people who tell us that some folks can own an algorithm
or a process; and other people who tell us that we can't use properties
of mathematics to ensure our own privacy.
It may be that within months or years the US Government will tell us that certain mathematical processes cannot be applied to streams of data, without criminal penalties; we are all able to see that's clearly unacceptable. Why is it so difficult to see that it's also unacceptable for PKP to tell us that we cannot apply those same processes without risking civil penalties?
The legal minutiae behind those two statements may differ; but the end result is the same. Other folks want to tell us what we can and can't do with our data and our computers. Fuck that.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-02 17:01:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ... 
I think the T-shirt thing is a nice idea, and I think that the "Big Brother Inside" thing is also a nice idea, but I liked them better when they were separate. Wearing a shirt that suggests "big brother inside" seems like it might send the wrong message.
Dunno if there are enough of us in the world for it to be worth worrying about, but some of us Cypherpunks just laugh at L and XL T-shirt sizes; best fit for me is a XXXL-Tall. I might order an XL shirt to hang on my wall, but it's unlikely it'll ever hang on me. :)
The "celebrating 400 years .." thing sounds wonderful. Would make a neat poster/flyer, too.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-03 00:57:39
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer configuration 
Hal Finney writes and asks what folks think about his remailers - if two are
better than one, etc.
My two cents' worth is that two is better; already we're starting to see applications (like the UT mail-to-news gateway) where people are filtering known remailers out. The bigger the list of remailers which might be sending mail, the harder it'll be to do that sort of thing. I wonder how big the list would need to get before sysadmins would consider it more economical to abandon filtering entirely?
Let a thousand flowers bloom.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-03 23:28:01
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Sterilized Medflies of Crypto 
This sounds like the Inslaw thing - a company called Inslaw sold some software for case management and person-tracking (intended for use by prosecuting attorneys for maintaining dossiers, etc.) to the Justice department. Then (the story goes) the Justice department deliberately failed to make agreed-upon payments and screwed around with Inslaw's cash flow to the point that they were forced into choosing between bankruptcy and selling out to another software company owned by cronies of Ed Meese. They chose bankruptcy and subsequently sued the Justice Department. The first judge who heard the case ruled in Inslaw's favor was not reappointed to his seat. I'm unable to remember the specifics of the following events - and the above summary probably leaves out important stuff. I've got a few text files on this - if folks are interested I can upload them to the soda archives.
This is also related to the "suicide" of writer Danny Casolaro about 2 years ago in Washington, D.C. - he was working on a book on this mess, supposedly discovered something pretty important, then allegedly killed himself.
Conspiracy stuff abounds with this. Supposedly the PROMIS software has also been given to Canadian intelligence/police forces, as well as the Israelis. It's a pretty sordid story and frankly I dunno how much of it to believe. I don't know if this is exactly relevant to Cypherpunk stuff (and it's long) so I'm not posting it to the list, but I can mail or ftp the stuff to interested folks.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-07 14:43:54
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Files re Inslaw 
I have uploaded three files to /pub/cypherpunks/incoming on
soda.berkeley.edu -
CASOLARO.Z      Boston Globe article re Danny Casolaro
INSLAW.Z        Barron's articles re Inslaw v U.S.
HAMILTON.Z      Transcript of radio interview with Inslaw founder
I will mail copies to folks who explicitly asked that they be mailed.
If you mailed me to say you're interested, but can't FTP, please
write again, and I'll mail them.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-15 00:41:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Pagers 
For what it's worth, my pager (a Motorola Bravo (Plus?) using a frequency of 152.240 MHz) cheerfully receives pages while inside my microwave. (No, I didn't turn the microwave on. :) What that implies about the shielding capabilites of my microwave (and the safety of its continued use) is beyond my knowledge of RF and microwaves. I have some idea (please correct me if I'm wrong here) that shielding effective for energy at one frequency (like that of my pager) may be ineffective or less effective at another (like the frequency of microwaves).
I'm intrigued (and alarmed) at the idea that it's possible to disable pagers via remote control. While I'll admit that there's some wee utility in being able to make sure nobody can use my pager if it's lost/stolen, it's sounding, from the posts to the list, like it'd be possible to disable many folks' pagers, were some miscreant so inclined. I know of pagers being used by police, fire department, search & rescue, private/campus security, and medical folks; if someone put some time into the "kill all the pagers" thing, it could be pretty damaging.
Then again, knowing that, if I swiped somebody's pager, I'd probably just remove the battery for a few days, and hopefully miss the "stop working now" I'm curious, though, how long the battery would last - my pager has a single AA battery, which lasts about a month. On average, a pager in the "find this pager" mode would have a single half-discharged AA battery to power its transmitter; and that transmitter would be sending its signal without benefit of any sort of external antenna. My very limited knowledge of RF propagation makes me think it'd be hard to get much range or duration under those circumstances.
I'd be interested to see this thread move over to comp.dcom.telecom - there might be more folks who know about pagers who could comment. This is interesting, but frankly I'm still pretty skeptical. Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-16 11:17:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Inslaw files 
Eric Hughes says he's uninterested in making the Inslaw files available on soda, so I'll be happy to mail copies of them to interested parties.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-21 00:31:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: building a sound sampler for cryptophone application... 
Sorry I can't provide an exact pointer, but there's a whole newsgroup about it. It *might* be alt.sb.programmer, but I don't actually have a soundblaster, and hence didn't pay a lot of attention. A friend of mine has done quite a bit of soundblaster programming (more about music generation than accepting sound input, tho) and I'll track down the newsgroup name if anyone cares.
Soundblaster clones are (I'm certain) available for $50 retail and I think I've seen them for $35 wholesale. I can find a reference for the retail price, am less sure where I saw the reseller price.
None of my comments here are intended to dissuade Graham's uncle from building something useful - I do think it'd be nice to have a public domain (or shareware?) design for a hardware device useful in this context. It is reinventing the wheel, but if the reinvention is (a) fun to do, and/or (b) publicly distributable, it doesn't sound like wasted effort to me.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-25 01:47:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Bank misbehavior (was: Re: No digital coins?) 
I wish it were so; banks may provide information on me that I don't want
dispersed to the government, to other folks who know enough to use the
Touch-Tone account info hotline, and to marketing folks.
The Wall Street Journal had an article sometime in August 1991
(give or take a month; I don't have DJNR access or I'd give a real
cite) about how banks make available payee and amount information from
checks customers write, without customer notification or permission.
Banks in general seem to have poorly considered or actively harmful
(anti)privacy practices.
How easy IS it to start a credit union? Perhaps what we need is the
People's Sekrit Privacy Credit Union! 1/2 :)
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-08-30 22:14:30
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Apple, privacy, and AOCE 
Recent discussion about Apple's commitment (or lack thereof) to
providing anything like real privacy calls to mind some stuff
from MacWeek of several weeks ago; the 7/12/93 issue of MacWeek
includes a "special report" on AOCE (Apple Open Collaborative
Environment, a "groupware" (anyone have any better explanation?)
setup which facilitates sharing data between colleagues.
The "special report" includes two sidebars about encryption and security
in the AOCE environment, which I reproduce below.
I called and asked about permission to reprint the entire article
to the list but was unable to get past marketroids who wanted me
to pay $50 + copying costs (payable to them) for my 4-color
glossy reprints showcasing my product. (don't have one, dammit.)
Some folks still don't "get" the net. Sigh.
I found the idea that RSADSI will be generating folks' key pairs
particularly chilling. The article accompanying these sidebars
suggests that folks' private keys will be stored on the server; the
article made the security of the thing sound *so* poorly designed that
I figure it must be the result of miscommunication between the
Apple folks and the article's author (Mitch Radcliffe). If anyone
really cares I can see about posting some more of the article.
"Apple could have the toughest code on the block"
The Cold War mind-set in Washington, D.C., thawed a bit when Apple
gained permission from the U.S. government to ship AOCE outside the
United States while retaining the software's advanced encryption
Encryption technology is considered munitions by the national defense
apparatus. For many years, the Department of Commerce, in collaboration
with the National Security Agency, has limited encryption technology
exports. But the strict limits on cryptography seem to be eroding after
the fall of the Soviet Union.
According to sources, the RC-4 encryption in AOCE was approved under a
special agreement between Apple and the NSA that will allow slightly
more-powerful scrambling capabilities than are typically given export
clearance. The NSA recently signed an agreement with the Software
Publishers Association that will provide expedited approval of RC-4
encryption based on 40-bit keys. AOCE uses 64-bit keys, and larger keys
mean better security.
"Protection can be at many levels," Gursharan Sidhu, Apple technical
director of collaboration systems development, told attendees at the
Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in May. He said it's very easy to
protect against casual intrusion and even determined hackers. But a
resource-rich intruder with access to supercomputers can defeat many
encryption technologies. "You've got to look at these various dimensions
of how far you want to go in providing security," Sidhu said.
Apple's security is among the best available, he said. The company
fought for several years to win approval for AOCE's privacy and security
"In the world of commercial security, it's a matter of saying it is
secure within the parameters of commercial reality," Sidhu said.
Sources said it would take a supercomputer-equipped intruder from two
hours to six days to crack a 64-bit RC-4 key using a brute-force attack
that analyzed the encrypted data for hints about the key. Even if such
an intruder cracked the key for one network session, each successive
session would have to be recracked because it would have a different
Apple will be constrained from selling AOCE in countries on the State
Department's list of terrorist nations. And the company will sell a
version of AOCE without encryption functions in France, because the
French government requires access to all imported encryption
In the United States, the barriers against encryption export seem to be
falling. In May, the Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board
of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Department of
Commerce agency that monitors civilian encryption technologies, issued
resolutions that recommend the United States revise its export laws to
facilitate the spread of encryption technologies.
"I think the NIST resolutions are a good indication that the Department
of Commerce is trying to make it clear to the White House that these
policies are backward," said Marc Rotenberg, director of the Washington,
D.C., office of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility. "If
they don't change, they'll still be making policy for the 1950's."
- by Mitch Ratcliffe
"Behind it all, digital signatures"
If the messaging engine is the workhorse of AOCE, the digital signature
capability is the electronic Paul Revere that carries the important
A digital signature is an electronic analogy to the written signature,
and no two are alike. The result of complex cryptographic processes, a
digital signature can prove that a particular user "signed" a particular
document. Users sign a document by clicking a check box in the AOCE
The legal force of such signatures has not been determined, but Apple
believes they are sufficiently reliable for building audit trails
through a company or even between companies.
Users will have to apply for and recieve their digital signatures from
RSA Data Security Inc. of Redwood City, Calif., which developed the
technology. The signature arrives in two parts, a private key that the
user must keep secure and a public key that can be distributed freely.
Any document signed using the private key can be compared with the
user's public key to see if the document is authentic and unchanged.
Public keys can be handed out by a user or stored in a key database,
where users can go to get keys that have been verified by a third party.
For example, a bank might keep the list of public keys that can be used
by a customer's company for signing purchase orders.
Developers, such as Snow Development Corp. of Clearwater, Fla., and
Shana Corp. of Edmonton, Alberta, plan to use AOCE digital signatures in
report-routing and forms software. The applications will let a user
create a flowchart of colleagues who need to sign off on a document,
send the document to that list serially or in parallel, and collect all
the digital signatures for auditing purposes in the final document.

@_date: 1993-08-31 17:19:10
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Mitch Ratcliffe's article re AOCE 
I received a nice message today from Mitch Ratcliffe (I misspelled his name in my earlier post to C-punks) re my posting of the sidebars from his AOCE article. I'm not forwarding his E-mail as I was raised to consider that impolite :), but feel safe in summarizing thus:
1. There are a number of weaknesses in AOCE, but it is also a step forward in some senses. Discussion/elaboration of these weaknesses is precluded by space limitations of MacWeek, as well as other trade or mainstream 2. Editing for space accounts for some lack of detail in the sidebars; they are also intended for a general audience. Mitch suggests Apple as a source of further technical information re AOCE, and mentions a talk given by Gursharan Sidhu at the Apple Worldwide Developers' Conference in May, in which Sidhu suggests the government should be able to crack a system's security
in some cases. Sidhu is the technical director of collaboration systems development at Apple.
Mitch's e-mail address is godsdog at netcom.com; I've written back asking for clarification about other points raised in the article. Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-12-02 14:52:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: NSA CAN BREAK PGP ENCRYPTION 
Mr. Steingold is still being held; yet another modern American political prisoner. He's asked that all people, everywhere, supportive of freedom of speech and association please send him Christmas cards; he's hoping to get into the Guiness Book of World Records, and hence gain publicity which will make the evil sheriff set him free.
His address:
Craig Steingold
Inmate # 231768
c/o Washington County Jail
Coeur d'Alene, ID 97401
(Ok, ok, just kidding. Sorry. Couldn't help myself. Don't send cards. The bandwidth police can come get me now.)
Greg Broiles                       Lemon Detweiler Pledge?
greg at goldenbear.com                  You're soaking in it.

@_date: 1993-12-04 21:43:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: No Subject 
I've been playing with the below-mentioned script this afternoon, and
it seems to be a very good thing. Folks interested in spotting various
names, texts, etc, on Usenet may find the following of interest:
(Now we can all be like Kibo :)
Greg Broiles                       Lemon Detweiler Pledge?
greg at goldenbear.com                  You're soaking in it.

@_date: 1993-12-06 01:03:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: anyone out there thinking that 
I totally disagree - as far as I can tell, Detweiler is wrestling with some emotional issues that most people work through while they're in their middle-to-late teens. Problem is, he thinks Eric & Tim are his parents. Either he's gonna figure things out, and in a few years this is gonna be a really embarassing episode, or we're going to wake up one morning to find him on the front page of the newspaper, surrounded by bodies in the lobby of some post office, screaming about MEDUSA and TENTACLES and FAKE MAIL and SODOMY and DRUGS.
As I see it, it's either 2.5 kids, a station wagon, and a house in the suburbs for him - or getting shot by a SWAT team. I'd say the odds are about 50/50.
Greg Broiles                       Lemon Detweiler Pledge?
greg at goldenbear.com                  You're soaking in it.

@_date: 1993-12-12 22:49:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Argh? 
(I offered in E-mail to send Fred what he's looking for.)
I've got C-punks list traffic stored back as far as late September. It wouldn't be a big deal to make .ZIPs of each month's collected postings, if someone wants to make them available for FTP. Are people strongly opposed to making old postings available? (I'm not offering to go through and pull out messages from particular individuals. If enough people hate the idea, I won't offer public access to any of the stored postings once they expire out of my news-spool area. C-punks is gated to a local newsgroup on my sparsely populated BBS.)
Greg Broiles                       Lemon Detweiler Pledge?
greg at goldenbear.com                  You're soaking in it.

@_date: 1993-12-16 10:36:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Keyservers and anonymous Mailings 
As far as I can tell, the copyright issue exists only in David Sternlight's addled mind; and even he has conceded that he's got no factual basis for asserting that PGP might infringe someone's copyright. I can't tell if his messages about this reflect actual confusion about the difference between patent and copyright, or if he's simply stumbled across another FUD tactic to use against PGP.
Greg Broiles                       Lemon Detweiler Pledge?
greg at goldenbear.com                  You're soaking in it.

@_date: 1993-07-12 00:27:08
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: SMTP, PINE, and security 
[stuff deleted]
I dunno; if things change such that it's considered normal for users to
connect to local or outside SMTP and NNTP ports, that would seem to create
an convenient smokescreen/excuse for folks who use those ports for their
own (non-approved) ends. It'll be a lot harder to look through a log for
unknown connections.
See the discussion on comp.dcom.telecom about how difficult it is to
provide authentication of cellular phones and fraud prevention, while
allowing people to buy new phones easily, roam, and do all of that
other stuff that people do. I think the SMTP/NNTP/PINE/whatever stuff
is very similar - I think it may prove so difficult to truly authenticate
unknown and untraceable users that people will turn to other means for
identifying a few trusted machines/people/processes. Public-key crypto,
perhaps? :) Security and convenience are basically incompatible; I'm hoping
that we opt for convenience.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-07-13 20:08:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Whose opinion? (was Re: anonymous mail) 
I don't think a description of a policy is at all clearly "commercial use".
Advertising, and use of net resources in the course of doing business seem
to be commercial use - but a discussion with outside folks about policies
or conditions doesn't seem to be commercial use. To suggest that net traffic
originating at a site with a .com domain name is commercial seems to
I don't think I buy this one, either. If I can't control traffic (see how is it reasonable to say that I am responsible for it (
This assumes that the net feed comes from a provider which restricts
commercial use. Some providers (like Alternet) welcome commercial use.
It is probably convenient for policymakers to make this assumption. It is,
however, perhaps naiive. If I see a posting from Jim Bizdos, I *do* assume
that he is speaking for RSADSI/PKP, unless he makes efforts to disclaim such
attribution. Ditto for other folks who I know or suspect hold positions of
power or influence with other institutions. I suspect other folks on the net
react similarly to posts (apparently) coming from people who may have some
impact on corporate/institutional policy/behavior. I think it's probably
best to assume that people *will* associate what people post from a site's
name with that site, especially absent disclaimers to the contrary.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-06-01 22:14:46
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Term software development/design 
Re development of crypto term software for PC and/or Unix platform(s):
It seems like there are three general ways to approach this problem:
1.      Offline reader style - ala QuickMail and its cronies - popular with
        DOS BBS's.
2.      Waffle/UUPC style.
3.      As an actual term program, but with an intelligent scrollback
        buffer/ASCII send module added.
I have, several times, wished for a "guerilla offline reader" - a reader to
collect all of the messages in all of the newsgroups (from my .newsrc file)
that I read on some arbitrary Unix box, collect them into a file, compress
it, and send them to my PC with Zmodem, so that I can browse at my leisure.
Waffle/UUPC and a newsfeed is a better solution, but requires the
cooperation of one's local sysadmin, who isn't necessarily interested in
feeding someone news at 2400 bps. The ironic thing is that they don't care
if you spend 4 hrs/day using that modem to read news - they just don't want
you to tie it up for 45 mins with a small newsfeed. (Yes, there is the
spool directory problem - and no, I don't think a flamewar about admins is
useful here.)
If we/I did something like this - it ought to be possible to
do it in a shell script, or shell script + awk - and incorporated the
means to receive/unpack a reply packet - I think it might be a good thing.
The basic idea is to expand the access one's got via a networked Unix box
to one's home machine, without necessarily requiring the permission or
knowledge of local sysadmins.
(No, I am not unfamiliar with the plight or circumstances of an arbitrary
Unix sysadmin. I administrate a small system now, have been in charge of
larger ones in the past, and have some experience with users doing peculiar
and squirrely stuff with one's machine. :) I also don't think that what
I'm proposing breaks either the letter or the intent of a reasonable
security policy - but it is the sort of thing to make a control freak
sysadmin go nuts.)
Seems like the best way to implement the term program would be to add
some intelligence to the "scrollback" (a buffer that holds the last 'n'
lines of text appearing on the screen) which would allow it to find,
extract, and process the --- BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE --- bits. The other
side of this would be a process which would, given the name of a file
on disk (or an editor buffer) locally, process it (sign,encrypt,whatever)
and upload the results. This would be interesting, but I dunno if we'd
be able to write something nice enough to become as widespread as Telix,
Procomm, or whatever. (I also wonder if it's possible to add hooks to
Telix/Procomm to do similar stuff.) For what it's worth, I have experience in C, and have fooled around with
little assembly programs to read/write the PC's serial port on an
interrupt-driven basis. (The use of a FOSSIL driver seems intelligent here,
though.) I have written a PGP keyserver to run as an attachment to a
DOS Waffle system, and intend to expand and improve that if I can get some
free time. I'm interested in working on this stuff but am less interested in
re-inventing any wheels.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-06-01 23:49:54
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: EFF, AT&T, Clipper, and $ 
The 5/24/93 issue of "The New Republic" has a (largely uninteresting)
cover story about Mitch Kapor and the EFF. One interesting tidbit gleaned from that article, however, was that AT&T has contributed money to the EFF. I am particularly curious to see how AT&T and the EFF
will deal with each other with respect to the Clipper chip, and
the politics around that.
If anyone knows anything more about this, I'd love to hear it.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-06-04 00:45:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Term software, disk driver encryption 
Am suprised no-one's mentioned DISKREET, the encrypted disk driver software included with the Norton Utilities. It does DES, though the manual doesn't mention which flavor of DES it uses. I have been using it for roughly 2 years now without any trouble. It's been well-behaved and is probably already on lots of folks' disks, by virtue of being included with the rest of the Norton stuff.
I think "TPU" refers to Turbo Pascal Units. "Async Pro" is, if I remember right, the name of an add-on async communications library for Turbo Pascal. Telix is not free, but is freely distributable, as it's shareware.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-03-26 01:56:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymity, accountability, and control 
With respect to recent discussion about anonymous posts/mail, and the
wishes of some to avoid passing anonymous traffic .. I guess I've really
got to wonder just how difficult people think it is to get onto the net,
I've got my net access becuase I pay UUNET roughly $50/month for
it - and I get my own domain name, with as many hosts (and as many users
on those hosts) as I care to set up. I set up 'fake' accounts on a
regular basis - not becuase I'm trying to trick anyone, per se, but
becuase it's the easiest way I know of to tweak the flow & storage of
mail on disparate subjects & topics. I can post a message and say
"Please E-mail to me, and I'll summarize with a post", and do so easily
- I just set up a special account that I'd like replies to go to, and
then I post from that account.  (Usually, just to be polite, I'll use
the same 'real name', but multiple account names - 'gb at goldenbear.com'
vs 'greg at goldenbear.com' vs 'gbroiles at goldenbear.com', and so forth.)
Then, a few days/weeks later, it's no big deal to concatenate the
replies in those different mailboxes into different summary messages for
posting. This seems like the sort of thing everyone ought to be able to
do - such that you could request (or command) that replies to a message
be directed into a particular E-mail folder owned by your account.
What all of this brings home to me is how easily I could just create an
entirely fictitious 'person', and use it for posting & mailing - it'd be
totally anonymous, provide me with easy way to receive replies & carry
on conversations .. *and* nobody would even know they were talking to
a real person via a fake name. I don't do this because it seems impolite
to converse with people under false pretenses; if I wanted or needed to
post/mail anonymously, I'd probably use a redirector (if I could find
one) because it seems more polite to be clear about my desire for
discretion & privacy.
Apparently, however, some of the powers that be would rather see folks
like me using fake but real-sounding names when we want privacy, instead
of being clear about what's going on. I think that's a shame, because it
seems like lying.
The Internet has already had to deal with the fact that it's not
possible to trust a user simply because they're root on their local
machine - it may well be that 'root' (as in my case) is just some guy
with a '386 who likes to play on the net. There is, I think, still some
expectation that user names are what they appear - if you see a post
from "cjones (Chris Jones)" there's some expectation that
there really is a human being out there named "Chris Jones", who's
probably got a job and a desk and a boss, or at least some form of
It's this slippery notion of 'accountability' that is perhaps at the
root of this 'anonymity' problem - the idea that there's gonna be some
hell to pay if somebody writes to 'postmaster at leviathan.com', and
complains about Chris Jones. The fact is, you can mail to
'postmaster at goldenbear.com' and whine all you like, it's just another
alias for the same damn person (me). I think there are going to be
more & more people like me in the future - I *am* my boss,
the postmaster, and the sysadmin - and if people don't like what I do or
say on the net, that's just too damn bad.
This illusion of accountability and control can't last much longer ..
can it? As I see it, these "net gods" who don't like anonymity have
two choices - anonymity they can detect, or anonymity they can't.
I'd much prefer to be polite and straightforward about things, and post
clearly marked anonymous posts/mail when that's what I want to do -
but if that traffic is going to be suppressed, I'll resort to more
clandestine anonymous transmissions. The days when it was possible
to make any assumptions at all about human to "real name" to net
address correspondences and mappings have passed, if they ever
existed at all. I think about my E-mail address(es) as ways to
direct the flow of mail such that it's convenient for me; I know
other people do this too.  My E-mail address isn't a license plate,
it's a file folder.
Mail to pgpserv at goldenbear.com, subject="Greg Broiles" for PGP public key.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Consulting                  +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-03-28 21:53:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: UUNET connections 
My previous message re my UUCP connection to UUNET has generated several questions in E-mail, as well as a recently posted question about "the $50 connections to UUNET", so I feel like I oughta answer the question(s) apparently created by my quick summary of my use of UUNET's services.
UUNET will allow you to make a UUCP connection to their machines for an "administrative fee" of $36 per month, plus hourly connect rates. These rates are (as of my booklet rcvd from them in 1/93) $2.60/hr if you call their local dialup (NPA 703), and $5.60/hr if you dial in via the Compuserve packet network. Their local dialups support the PEP protocol as well as v.32 connections; I average around 700 cps when I dial in directly with v.32, and around 450 cps when I dial in via Compuserve.
The $50 figure I quoted is my average monthly cost for a slow but steady trickle of mail (roughly 7K per day) and approximately 20 newsgroups, none of which are binary-oriented and none of which are super-high traffic.  This includes my hourly cost for both direct-dial and Compuserve connections; I prefer to dial in directly, but have my Systems file set up to use Compuserve as a backup means of connection when the direct lines are busy (which happens with some frequency.)
UUNET will register a domain name for you for free if you are a subscriber; if you do not subscribe to their service, the cost is $50.  (I incorrectly quoted $25 for this to someone via E-mail.)
UUNET sends a free copy of O'Reilly & Associates' _Managing uucp & Usenet_ when you sign up with them; great book, nice touch, probably saves them money for all of the questions it answers.
To get in touch with UUNET:
info at uunet.uu.net
I think you could also probably find some information files if you FTP'd to ftp.uu.net; I'm unsure about that and offer no guarantees.
UUNET also offers a "low-volume" agreement that I don't know much about since I don't subscribe to it. I know that PSI offers similar service; my recollection is that they want $75/3mos for mail, and $225/3mos for news, flat-rate. PSI can be reached at 'info at psi.com' or 703-620-6651.
I have no connection with UUNET beyond being a happy & satisfied customer; I've found them to be friendly & helpful and generally good to work with. The folks at PSI seem nice too but their prices for what I want right now are higher. UUNET and PSI both offer realtime IP connections, in addition to UUCP links like the one I use; call them for more information.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Consulting                  +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-05-24 17:50:11
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Oregon, guns, etc. 
This is absolutely untrue of Oregon - at least in the Willamette Valley.
I see fewer guns (and gun-racks in pickup trucks) here than I did when I
lived in Southern California.
It is difficult for me to express how uninterested I am in the prospect
of debating gun control here in cypherpunks. I will compromise with
"very, very, uninterested."
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-05-27 00:59:12
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: VinCrypt 
It seems safer to assume that the software is insecure, until proven
otherwise. This is the approach that's been taken with the Clipper
chip, and seemed reasonable in that case - I suggest that it is in
this case, as well.
Rather, the original poster (Clark Reynard) seems to *not* have information
 - e.g., information about how or why the author(s) of this crypto package
are trustable, or why we should consider their software secure if we
can't look at the source.
If they are so naive as to think that the NSA can't afford a copy of
Sourcer and a few person-hours to disassemble VinCrypt, what other
(absurd) assumptions have they made? If a machine can execute it, a
machine (or a machine and a person) can disassemble it. I can't believe
that anyone's willing to take this VinCrypt crap even a little bit
seriously. Any dork with a laser printer can print up a press release
and mail it out - looks like maybe this was a slow week for the
computer press.
As far as I can tell, we're supposed to assume that VinCrypt is useful
software because of the political/social perspective of its authors.
While I share their suspicion of the powers that be, I do not trust them
to write software that is free of intentional and/or nonintentional
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 465 0325
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-11-08 23:08:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Nymalizer, politics on the list 
Will an input-oriented (recognition mode) Nymalizer be able to differentiate between the outputs of "actual people" (ha) and actual people as filtered through output-oriented (generation mode) Nymalizers? After all, once we discover that username 'x' posts using LOTS of CAPITALIZED words and phunny SPELLINGS and so forth, it doesn't seem so hard to turn a Nymalizer into a filter which would create (or at least describe to a human creator) text which would fit that pattern ..
I'm pleased to see that Perry now supports moving politics off the list; his posts do make me wonder if he's being spoofed, as he cheerfully participated in the econ-flames of a month ago. Still, I wholeheartedly support either him or the spoofer in their call to take the politics somewhere else.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-11-19 20:34:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: The Zen of Pseudospoofing 
----------
A policeman once lost his sense of right and wrong. He began to act like
a criminal himself. The citizens did not trust him, as he had become what
he had sworn to fight. One day, the other policemen arrested him.
"We are throwing you in jail. You are a bad man. Go, be with your brothers
the criminals."
"You mustn't do that! I'm one of you!" the bad policeman said.
And the other policemen put the bad policeman in jail. The criminals
gathered around him, sneering and laughing and gnashing their teeth.
"Look! A policeman! Let's eat him up!" they said.
"You mustn't do that! I'm one of you!" the bad policeman said.
"Heh heh," the criminals laughed. "Ask your brothers, the policemen,
for help. We have no mercy for you." And, with that, they set upon him.
The policemen listened to the bad policeman's cries, and they laughed too.
"Ha ha," they said. "A criminal is getting what he deserves."
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-11-22 21:22:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: PGP-okay BBS? 
(Sorry for posting this to the list, but an E-mail reply wasn't possible.)
Look for the following post recently sent to alt.security.pgp; if you
can't find it, mail me and I'll mail it to you.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-11-22 23:17:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymity on the net 
[Asks, why is anonymity/pseudonymity useful when posting?]
An anonymous/pseudonymous poster may want to expose faulty reasoning or
research methods on the part of a previous poster, where that poster is
their boss, faculty advisor, department chair, [employee of] generous
donor to a nonprofit org .. etc.
This is also useful for revealing insider information of a sensitive
or "whistleblowing" nature; see below.
This is useful for posting security holes that CERT/vendors won't
acknowledge or address; it seems generally useful when posting something
that might get you (a) fired or (b) sued. Consider the (ongoing, I think)
litigation against the person who posted negative comments about a stock
to Prodigy. SLAPP (strategic lawsuit against public participants) actions
aren't (to my limited knowledge) common in the online world, but aren't so
uncommon in, say, logging-protest world. Even where a SLAPP suit isn't
successful (in terms of a favorable verdict), they can be very burdensome
to defendants. (The suit against the poster to Prodigy may or may not be
a real SLAPP, but it's at least similar.)
There are still several places where it's not 'politically correct' to be
known as a reader of/poster to groups like soc.motss, alt.sex.bondage, or
other "controversial" groups. People may still want the sense of community
that they can get from participating, while wanting to avoid the enforcement
of PC-ness, possibly at the end of a baseball bat.
Famous/infamous people may also want to participate in the online world
without being swamped by "fan mail" - I suspect it'd be virtually impossible
for, say, William Gibson to post to Usenet without being overrun by
zillions of letters. I believe that Steve Wozniak (post-Apple) attended
college under an assumed name for similar reasons.
Distributing "secret" information widely, in an encrypted form, can
frustrate traffic analysis - if I suspect that X is doing something
nefarious, I could look through sendmail logs (or whatever) to see
who she's talking to, and create a list of suspects. However, if X
posts her secrets to the net - in an encrypted format - and those secrets
are dispersed to the world, I can't draw any conclusions about anyone
who happens to receive that encrypted message in their alt.test newsfeed.
There's also no chance that anything peculiar will be showing up in
postmaster mailboxes because of bounced mail; it's also a much easier
way to talk to 200 people at once. (Assuming that it's meaningful to talk
about sharing a 'secret' with 200 people .. :)
Generally, to (a) say/do something controversial, and avoid retribution;
(b) for an [in]famous person to say/do something mundane; or (c) to make
anonymity/pseudonymity not seem so peculiar, so instances of (a) and (b)
won't stick out like sore thumbs.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-11-26 22:29:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Filter to exclude Detweiler? 
I've personally come to the conclusion that it's no longer useful to (a) attempt to communicate with Detweiler, or (b) pay attention to what he I am, however, opposed to source-filtering him at philosophical and practical levels.
I think his bad craziness is evident enough from his postings that anyone paying much attention will conclude he's disconnected from external reality; it shouldn't take more than a few messages for folks to reach this conclusion. (I admit with some chagrin that it took more than a few for me to do that.) I think that source filtering is at least a close kin to censorship, and I'd vote to steer clear of it.
I also think that attempting to source-filter him may lead to some sort of "identity arms race", via remailers, anon-servers, and the like. Such an arms race would be distracting, annoying, and lead to further wasted time, effort, and energy on the part of people who ought to have better things to do. :)
I encourage folks to look into improving technology which would allow for destination-filtering, e.g., kill-files and their ilk. (Next-generation killfiles - ones which attempt some sort of textual interpretation/classification beyond headers - implemented at the destination point have the added benefit that the filter target can't easily deduce from the list traffic what algorithm/pattern is being used, and thereby avoid it.)
For what it's worth, I write the above in spite of the fact that I don't have a kill-file in the reader-agent that I read C-punks with, and I pay for every minute of transmission time used to receive C-punks, including Detweiler's lengthy messages.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-11-28 00:29:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Software filtering agents 
My knowledge of neural net software is limited to a cartoonish understanding of the theory behind them, but as I understand it they might be a useful tool for identifying the author of a given text stream. Comments? Anyone on the list familiar with neural net implementation, or in need of some sort of academic project? :)
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-10-04 04:24:39
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: BBS seizures 
I think a man named Tom Tcimpidis was busted in the L.A. area in the early
eighties because of content; if I remember the facts correctly, codes
were posted to his board without his knowledge, and he was convicted for illegal possession of long distance access codes. I grepped through early copies of Phrack and poked around on the EFF archive, but can't find anything relevant; does anyone else remember this? Anyone have access to Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-10-06 04:20:22
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: BBS seizures 
I did more checking. Tcimpidis was arrested in May 1984 when an access code was posted to his BBS while he was on vacation. Charges were dropped in 1985 because there was insufficient evidence to establish that he knew that the code was there. One person mentioned in E-mail that Tcimpidis' equipment
was returned to him, albeit in a damaged condition.
Publication of a telephone credit card number is a misdemeanor in California if it is done "with the intent that it be used or with knowledge or reason to believe it will be used" for toll fraud. CA Penal Code Section 502.7(1)(c). Publication means (for these purposes) communicating the number
to at least one other person either orally or in writing of any kind.
I'll leave this subject alone now; just wanted to correct earlier mistake about Tcimpidis.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-10-23 18:33:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Digital signatures to be required? 
My C-punks feed comes over a UUCP connection, and I only poll once or twice per day, under normal circumstances. I'd likely never notice a 6-hour delay, and hence wouldn't give a shit one way or the other.
Delaying message posting seems likely to exacerbate the "ask a question,
get the same answer 8 times" problem.
If we're going to reward some behaviors and punish others, I'd prefer to see something that'd create exponentially increasing delays for > 1 post per person per 24 hours; of course, remailers make that impractical.
Imposing a digital signature requirement strikes me as an arbitrary exercise of authority which would be largely without benefit. I doubt that people interested in the C-punks list are the folks who need to be dragged kicking & screaming into the 21st century; at least not in terms of personal use of technology. :)
Count mine as a "NO" vote; let's talk about the delay thing again when we come up with a filter that can spot "what is [anarchy|libertarianism] anyway?" or bogus pseudo-economic jibberish.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:23:12
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Apple, AOCE, and key pair security 
A few months ago, I posted an excerpt from a MacWeek article re AOCE
(Apple Open Collaboration Environment), a collection of services to
be integrated into the Mac OS to facilitate groupware apps.
The MacWeek article said that users would receive their public keys (to
be used for digital signatures on documents) from RSADSI, instead of
generating them themselves. Scott Collins wrote to disagree, saying that
the AOCE software he'd seen didn't work that way. I E-mailed
the author of the original article, who stood by what he wrote, saying
that "very good sources" said that the keys would be provided to users
by outside, allegedly trustworthy, sources.
According to the 11/93 Macworld, users will not, in most cases, generate
their own key pairs:
"When you receive a signed digital document, how do you know that the
signature is legitimate and that it isn't from a pretender? In many
ways, your digital signature is similar to a credit card; it is issued
by a known authority, it has an expiration date, and you can verify its
validity. To get your own digital signature from RSA, you take a form to
a notary public, who verifies your identity, notarizes the information
on the form, and then mails the form to RSA. Based on the notary
public's authority to say you are who you claim to be, you eventually
receive a disk in the mail with your personal electronic signature. Your
electronic signature has a two-year expiration date, and includes some
verification information. If someone wants to make sure your signature
is valid, he or she contacts the issuing authority listed in the
certificate. There will be issuing authorities other than RSA. For
example, Apple Computer's security department plans to issue signatures
to all Apple employees with employee badges."
"AOCE, Apple's plan for groupware", Macworld, 11/93, p. 167.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-09-02 16:34:46
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Who generates AOCE keys? 
(re AOCE, and who generates users' key pairs)
and Mitch Ratcliffe (godsdog at netcom.com) writes, in E-mail:
(posted with permission)
Well, Apple has failed to guess what I'll want. :) Perhaps the similarity
of these two ideas (RSA generates keys & certificates, versus RSA gets
public key & generates certificate) has generated confusion internally
at Apple; I dunno.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-09-11 10:39:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: offshore data havens, from RISKs 
If someone does write this letter, please don't represent the Cypherpunks list as being entirely composed of libertarians or (in Perry's words)
"capitalist anarchists", whatever those might be. It seems counterproductive to me to enter into extended political debates here on the list, so I don't - but it's a mistake to assume that silence, in this case, constitutes agreement or consensus about deeper political issues. I think it'd be more accurate to represent the C-punks list as a group of folks with divergent political viewpoints who agree on the importance of personal privacy and see technology as a potential vehicle for acheiving or maintaining it.
Greg Broiles                            greg at goldenbear.com
Golden Bear Computer Consulting         +1 503 342 7982
Box 12005 Eugene OR 97440               BBS: +1 503 687 7764

@_date: 1993-09-20 22:10:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
Some people think that "the problem of auto-screening anonymous mail" refers to other folks' desire to screen anonymous mail. If a significant fraction of the net community responds to wider access to anonymity by filtering out anonymous mail, my prediction (and suggestion :) is that people who truly (a) wish to be heard, and (b) wish to be anonymous will resort to mail which is non-obviously anonymous. Forging mail in the names of actual persons, and using bits of real names to assemble real-looking pseudonyms (say, "Perry Detweiler"?) would seem to be two solutions. Posters of that flavor of anonymous mail might or might not make it clear that the posting isn't actually who it purports to be from.
I think it's probably better for us to deal with this problem now, rather than trying to hide from it with more shell scripts. Anonymity and its connection with accountability, responsibility, and coercion is a social issue, not a technological one. Technological attempts to address that social issue (or ignore it) will fail.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-09-21 11:23:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Bidzos on PGP and ITAR verbatim 
If Bidzos is using the term "technical data" as it's defined in $120.21
of the ITAR, I think it's debatable. Can we come up with data to support
that IDEA and RSA are "commonly taught .. in academia"? The public (and
published) nature of both IDEA and RSA seems to place them far away from
the general thrust of the "technical data" definition, which seems oriented
towards preventing disclosure of data/information that's not available to
the general public. Def'n follows:
    $120.21 Technical data.
        Technical data means, for purposes of this subchapter:
            (a)     Classified information relating to defense articles
                    and defense services;
            (b)     Information covered by an invention secrecy order;
            (c)     Information, in any form, which is directly related
                    to the design, engineering, development, production,
                    processing, manufacture, use, operation, overhaul,
                    repair, maintenance, modification, or reconstruction
                    of defense articles. This includes, for example,
                    information in the form of blueprints, drawings,
                    photographs, plans, instructions, computer software,
                    and documentation. This also includes information
                    which advances the state of the art of articles on
                    marketing information or general system descriptions
                    of defense articles.
        [emphasis added, of course]
I'm working my way through the ITAR and am going to leave the majority
of Bidzos' message alone until I feel like I have a stronger grasp on the
legal issues here.
He did, however, say two things which look pretty shaky to me:
The definitions of export that I've seen have concerned transferring
information or physical things, or providing services to, persons,
corporations, or nations which are not U.S. citizens. They have not
addressed placing these things where "foreign persons" might conceivably
get them. Under Bidzos' interpretation, making RSAREF available via FTP
sounds like export to me. My interpretation is based on ITAR; other
relevant statutes may define it more broadly, but those definitions
aren't relevant when talking about violations of the ITAR.
I interpret this to mean, assuming that Bidzos is right on all points, that:
(1) all copies (and their descendants?) of PGP 1.0 which have been taken
outside of the U.S. are "tainted" and cannot be re-imported legally; and
(2) all copies (and their descendants?) of PGP 2.x which were written outside
of the U.S. are "tainted" once they enter the U.S.; U.S. citizens will need
to re-write (sigh) PGP 2.x inside the U.S., using the published algorithms
for IDEA and RSA.
I can't see any basis for saying that "PGP", a standard for interoperable
crypto software, is tainted - only particlar implementations of that
standard are, depending on who wrote them and what country the author is
from, where the copy is located, and where it's been before.
Surely Bidzos won't claim that RSA licensees in the U.S. are somehow
"tainted" by the illegal export of other copies of RSA, hmm?
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-09-22 01:10:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: the $64K question? 
ITAR seems to contemplate (at least) two different classes of things relevant
here: "defense articles" and "technical data". While RSA and IDEA implementations may well escape being technical data by way of the academic exemption, they are pretty clearly defense articles.
$121.1 General. The United States Muntions List.
(a) The following articles, services, and related technical data are designated as defense articles and defense services pursuant to sections 38 and 47(7) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 USC 2778 and 2794(7)). Changes in designations will be published in the Federal Register.
[ . . .]
[. . .]
Category XIII - Auxiliary Military Equipment
(b) Information Security Systems and equipment, cryptographic devices, software, and components, specifically designed or modified therefore, (1) Cryptographic (including key management) systems, equipment, assemblies, modules, integrated circuits, components or software with the capability of maintaining secrecy or confidentiality of information or information systems, except cryptographic equipment of software as follows:
   (long list of narrow applications of crypto deleted, none seem relevant.)
(2) [Crypto systems making use of spread spectrum tech.]
(3) Cryptanalytic systems, equipment, assemblies, modules, integrated circuits, components, or software.
(4) [Systems for multiuser security of B2 or better, or certification (5) Ancillary equipment specifically designed or modified for paragraphs (b) (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5) of this category;
[. . .]
[end of quoted ITAR text]
Sorry if the subdivisions/deleted text there is confusing - will snarf the full ITAR text tomorrow, perhaps it'll be more nicely formatted.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1993-09-30 13:51:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Fidonet, policies, privacy, and power. 
The following is from Fidonet Policy Documet 4.06, dated May 5 1989.
It's marked as not being in force yet, as it's awaiting ratification;
dunno if it ever was or not.
2.1.3  Responsible for All Traffic Entering FidoNet Via the Node
The sysop listed in the nodelist entry is responsible for all traffic
entering FidoNet via that system.  This includes (but is not limited to)
traffic entered by users, points, and any other networks for which the system
might act as a gateway.  If a sysop allows "outside" messages to enter
FidoNet via the system, the gateway system must be clearly identified by
FidoNet node number as the point of origin of that message, and it must act
as a gateway in the reverse direction.  Should such traffic result in a
violation of Policy, the sysop must rectify the situation.
2.1.4  Encryption and Review of Mail
FidoNet is an amateur system.  Our technology is such that the privacy of
messages cannot be guaranteed.  As a sysop, you have the right to review
traffic flowing through your system, if for no other reason than to ensure
that the system is not being used for illegal or commercial purposes.
Encryption obviously makes this review impossible.  Therefore, encrypted
and/or commercial traffic that is routed without the express permission of
all the links in the delivery system constitutes annoying behavior.  See
section 1.3.6 for a definition of commercial traffic.
2.1.6  Private Netmail
The word "private" should be used with great care, especially with users of a
BBS.  Some countries have laws which deal with "private mail", and it should
be made clear that the word "private" does not imply that no person other
than the recipient can read messages.  Sysops who cannot provide this
distinction should consider not offering users the option of "private mail".
If a user sends a "private message", the user has no control over the number
of intermediate systems through which that message is routed.  A sysop who
sends a message to another sysop can control this aspect by sending the
message direct to the recipient's system, thus guaranteeing that only the
recipient or another individual to whom that sysop has given authorization
can read the message.  Thus, a sysop may have different expectations than a
casual user.
2.1.6.1  No Disclosure of in-transit mail
Disclosing or in any way using information contained in private netmail
traffic not addressed to you or written by you is considered annoying
behavior, unless the traffic has been released by the author or the recipient
as a part of a formal policy complaint.  This does not apply to echomail
which is by definition a broadcast medium, and where private mail is often
used to keep a sysop-only area restricted.
2.1.6.2  Private mail addressed to you
The issue of private mail which is addressed to you is more difficult than
the in-transit question treated in the previous section.  A common legal
opinion holds that when you receive a message it becomes your property and
you have a legal right to do with it what you wish.  Your legal right does
not excuse you from annoying others.
In general, sensitive material should not be sent using FidoNet.  This ideal
is often compromised, as FidoNet is our primary mode of communication.  In
general, if the sender of a message specifically requests in the text of the
message that the contents be kept confidential, release of the message into a
public forum may be considered annoying.
There are exceptions.  If someone is saying one thing in public and saying
the opposite in private mail, the recipient of the private mail should not be
subjected to harassment simply because the sender requests that the message
not be released.  Judgement and common sense should be used in this area as
in all other aspects of FidoNet behavior.
2.1.7  Not Routing Mail
You are not required to route traffic if you have not agreed to do so.  You
are not obligated to route traffic for all if you route it for any, unless
you hold a Network Coordinator or Hub Coordinator position.  Routing traffic
through a node not obligated to perform routing without the permission of
that node may be annoying behavior.  This includes unsolicited echomail.
If you do not forward a message when you previously agreed to perform such
routing, the message must be returned to the sysop of the node at which it
entered FidoNet with an explanation of why it was not forwarded.  (It is not
necessary to return messages which are addressed to a node which is not in
the current nodelist.)  Intentionally stopping an in-transit message without
following this procedure constitutes annoying behavior.  In the case of a
failure to forward traffic due to a technical problem, it does not become
annoying unless it persists after being pointed out to the sysop.
4.2  Routing Inbound Mail (Net Coordinator Responsibilities)
It is your responsibility as Network Coordinator to coordinate the receipt
and forwarding of host-routed inbound netmail for nodes in your network.  The
best way to accomplish this is left to your discretion.
You are not required to forward encrypted, commercial, or illegal mail.
However, you must follow the procedures described in section 2.1.7 if you do
not forward the mail.
(end of Fidonet policy quote)
The gist of Section 9 of the policy document, together with the Appendix
of Fidonet "case histories" seems to be that the various Fidonet Czars
can kick you out of the net if they consider you "excessively annoying".
As far as I can tell, the ability (perhaps the right) to fuss around in
other folks' business and other folks' mail is one of the factors (along
with the ability to create and enforce any number of rules and regulations)
which makes people think it's fun to run a BBS. The opportunity to exercise
power seems to be a powerful motivator, whether it's on the net, on a BBS,
or otherwise. Suggesting that we need to address that tendency in the
"online" community before we address it in the general populace seems
misguided to me.
Greg Broiles
greg at goldenbear.com                     Baked, not fried.

@_date: 1994-04-02 14:58:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Politics do not belong here 
I disagree here - politics is what makes Cypherpunks different from
a sci.crypt mailing list. As Eric Hughes points out, cryptography is
economics - and politics is economics with the gloves off. Crypto is inherently political. ("political" doesn't have to mean liberals - v. -
Be careful the way you use the word "agenda", you're gonna get Detweiler
all worked up again. I don't think there is one agenda shared by all
list subscribers. As I see it, "cypherpunks" follows the Earth First!
model of (dis/anti) organization - there are no leaders, there is no
"policy", there is no voting, there is no platform. There are folks who
do what they choose to do, and putting a name on it makes it easier to
talk about. Myself, I'm not so wound up about getting everyone on the
planet to use crypto as I am interested in making sure we all can if we
want/need to; and that's mostly useful insofar as it more clearly delineates a boundary to the power/ability of the state. I do agree that baiting and flaming are useless. The list is interesting
because it's where folks with different interests/talents/orientations
intersect, not where we diverge. Our differences and disagreements are
significant but they can also distract us from shared goals.

@_date: 1994-04-08 00:48:28
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
Real-world application of this protocol still depends on folks not
using the credentials of friends/family/dead people, especially where
"real name" <-> credential mapping isn't available.

@_date: 1994-04-10 21:31:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: FW: Shot 'Round the World 
This goes too far; it's possible/reasonable to only suspect that an action
will cause a certain effect in a useful segment of the target population.
We don't insist on all-or-nothing accuracy in other forms of warfare,
why expect it here?
This doesn't sound like psychological warfare to me - it sounds like some
form of discussion. Psychological warfare is about manipulation and FUD
(fear, uncertainty, doubt). (For all I know, it's about other stuff, too. Folks with actual training in the field are welcome to correct me.) It sounds like your point is "if we're really good and eat our vegetables and clean our rooms, maybe Dad will let us stay up late to
watch TV." Well, fuck that. The state is not our parent, and we don't
need to demonstrate good behavior to convince it/them that we deserve
or can be trusted with strong crypto or untapped phones.
No, they do not need our solicitude to bolster their flagging confidence,
they need a good kick in the teeth. I suspect that good behavior will only
convince them that we're up to something *really* evil that they need more tools/access to discover.
There is no rational argument that can force the non-trusting to trust.
Attempts to formulate one frequently inspire further mistrust.
So .. to demonstrate that we deserve privacy, we should ask politely
for it? Bad little girls and boys are to get no dessert? Heck, my dog is
smarter than that - she wants to see the treat before she does the trick.
I don't even see the treat here (and am uninterested in letting the state
teach me any new tricks).
Sometimes it's useful to drive opponents into such a frenzy that they're
no loger capable of rational thought; it can be dangerous when the frenzied opponent will use the mechanisms of "public safety" to express
its frustration. I agree that this sort of project must be undertaken
with some care - but the point may be to create a state of irrationality,
not a particular rational conclusion. The former is frequently easier and
cheaper to create.
Perhaps this discourse about "images" isn't useful, and it's time to talk
about capabilities. Individuals have the capability to carry on private
conversations whether the state likes it or not. Just as the forces of
"public safety" can and will represent themselves as activists, terrorists,
and saboteurs in order to infiltrate and influence dissident political
groups, members of the public safety forces may be or may become disenchanted
with the current regime or political climate and use inside information to embarass or injure the machinery of the state. I don't
think Jeff Davis' action was an attempt at discourse but a shot fired across
the bow of the ship of state. As such, it does indeed serve the purposes
of rational discussion poorly; but it was meant to reach other goals.

@_date: 1994-04-12 04:50:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Shot 'Round the World 
The only message I think is worth communicating is "We're doing our own
thing. You will not be able to stop us because of [ .. reasons ..] so
don't bother trying. Have a nice day." and I'm inclined to think even
that is unnecessary. Terrorism and psychological warfare could be
considered a form of communication; it is, after all, intended to create
or maintain a particular understanding on the part of others; but it is
not communication in the same way that a letter is. I don't know anything
at all about what Jeff is up to, so he'll have to speak for his own
(actual) motives and purposes; I was hoping to point out that what he's
up to can seem more useful when it's not considered in the context of
a rational discourse within polite society.
I've got no idea what you mean by "normal circumstances"; if your point
is that totalitarianism sucks, I agree. I could chatter on about how I
think things ought to be, but I don't imagine most folks give a damn.
I believe we have a right to work towards a social/political structure
(or lack thereof) where our capabilities are fruitfully and fully
engaged, whether or not bureacrats and dictators find that convenient.
(Of course, they may have already found the state where *their*
capabilities are best engaged .. :)
Uhh .. a right to privacy (and to the use of strong crypto) whether or not that makes other people nervous or damages their fragile confidence?
The usual pattern is destabilization, then a power grab by whatever
group is correctly positioned - either revolutionaries or the local
military. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.
Personally, I'm inclined vis-a-vis the NSA and TLA's in general to let
sleeping dogs lie, at least for the moment. Other folks (Grady, Jeff)
see opportunities differently; I encourage folks who think leverage and
timing is on their side to take advantage of opportunities as they occur.

@_date: 1994-04-12 17:47:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymity and the US Supreme Court 
Adam Lake's question about the legality of pseudonyms sent me trolling
about Westlaw today, in search of some case law supporting the rule I
learned (somewhere .. sigh.) - that pseudonyms are OK as long as there's
no intent to defraud.
No luck there yet, but I did find an interesting passage in an opinion
which found a LA city ordinance void which required that any handbill
have upon it the "true name and address" of the persons responsible for it.
"Anonymous pamphlets, leaflets, brochures and even books have played an
important role in the progress of mankind. Persecuted groups and sects
from time to time throughout history have been able to criticize oppressive
practices and laws either anonymously or not at all." It later says "Even the Federalist Papers, written in favor of the adoption
of our Constitution, were published under fictitious names. It is plain that
anonymity has sometimes been assumed for the most constructive purposes."
Cite is _Talley v. State of California_, 362 U.S. 60, 64-65, 80 S.Ct. 536,
538-539 (1960).

@_date: 1994-04-18 19:09:20
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: moving money laundering to Extropians list 
I'm finding the thread interesting and educational, apart from my
suspicion it's about to turn into a flamewar about who [doesn't] want
to bet $10K to back a particular position. I seem to remember the list being about "technological defenses for
privacy", or some such - money laundering (e.g., anonymized transactions)
seems close enough for me.
If the Extropians' list is dry these days, perhaps some commerce-oriented
Cypherpunks ought to sell them a copy of this thread.

@_date: 1994-04-19 01:50:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: British child porn used steganography (forwarded msg) 
Forwarded message (from Cyberia-L, law/computers discussion list):

@_date: 1994-04-19 20:10:58
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer Musings 
This sounds like the quote/cite I posted recently. (Talley v. Calif., 362 US
60, 64-65). The LA City Attorney suggested that the ordinance (which prohibited distribution of handbills without a "true name and address")
was intended to prevent fraud, false advertising, and libel - but
the ordinance was not drafted to mention those evils, and there was no
legislative history presented to support that reading. The majority opinion
and Harlan's concurrence explicitly declined to rule on the constitutionality
of a more narrowly drawn ordinance which would have addressed those concerns while protecting publishers/distributors from fear of reprisal
against unpopular opinion.
In any event, the opinion is 34 years old, and I don't know shit about the
First amendment. I passed that on to the list not as a statement about what
the law is today, but as something to keep in mind next time Detweiler
or one of his cohorts mentions that "only criminals think anonymity is good."
On the other hand, I'm curious about Brad Templeton's little excursion
into the [limits of] liability for electronic publishers. I wonder if he'd
consider himself liable if he unwittingly published copyrighted material
without permission. Does anyone have a cite to support the notion that common carriers are
obligated to assist in the identification of users of their services? I received annoying phone calls for a period of time, and the local phone
company (US West) said they'd only get involved once I had an "incident number" (or some such) from the police department, and that information
gathered would only be released to the police. I suppose if I actually
filed a civil suit against the harassing party (even as a John Doe?) I
could then use the discovery process to compel them to release their
relevant records - but that's not really the scenario that Brad and
'kitten' seem to imagine.
Also, seems like Mike Godwin mentioned last time we talked about the
common carrier stuff that one doesn't just become a common carrier by
virtue of wanting to be one, or even by acting like one - I think some
sort of legislative/administrative action was necessary ..? It's been
tossed around on the net that 'UUNET is a common carrier' - a semi-recent
post from Tamara Bowman, UUNET staff member, said that UUNET has
"enhanced service provider" status, which is not the same thing.

@_date: 1994-04-19 20:20:24
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer Musings 
I believe the standard is "intent to *defraud*". Only in some cases; and that's not fraud.

@_date: 1994-08-04 01:28:13
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer stuff 
Sorry if I'm being dense - will someone please E-mail me and tell me
why outgoing-only (or incoming-address-unavailable) remailers are Also, with respect to getting the addresses of working remailers from
a newsgroup - it may not be a good idea to treat any address advertising itself as a remailer as a useful remailer. Remailer 'x'
may well be run by a remailer-hater who publishes its traffic openly, archives it for sale to the highest bidder, is a front for the NSA, etc.
I'm only inclined to trust remailers run by people I trust; or maybe
those with keys signed by "C-punx Remailer Certifying Service".
It's important to let the user have some degree of control over which
remailers are used. (The newsgroup does seem like a nice way for
remailers to indicate they're still active, though.)
Are people really interested enough in more advanced measures to
protect privacy that they're willing to pay for them? The digital-postage
remailer stuff sounds interesting to me - but I have a hard time
believing that people will pay (and go through extra hassle) to get
the same functionality they already get with existing remailers.
I've also considered setting up a privacy-friendly Internet site;
I believe that Sameer Parekh has already done so. I don't remember
seeing anyone but Sameer post from his site, however. I don't mention
this to slam Sameer but to point out that perhaps people aren't
interested enough in privacy to want to go to much extra trouble
to get it. (Of course, everyone posting to the list now is already
known as a list member - switching to a privacy site wouldn't
add much.)
I agree that it would be nice to have privacy-friendly Internet
access available - I agree strongly enough that I'm willing to
work towards providing it - but I'm reluctant to commit hundreds
of dollars per month to set up a site that won't attract enough
business to even be self-supporting. Would it be worth $5 or $10
per month to folks to have a mailbox they used via IMAP or POP,
or $20 or so for a shell account on a box at the end of a 56K
(I don't see C-punks as a very big fraction of the customers of
such a site, but I'm surprised that there doesn't seem to be
more interest in practical privacy stuff.)

@_date: 1994-08-08 12:04:18
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymous Transport Agents 
[. . .]
It looks to me like you've "supposed" away the real obstacle to anonymous messages - the practice of logging traffic. Once you assume
that people won't keep logs, the rest of the protocol is unnecessary -
everyone's got anonymous messaging capability already. Forgery prevention
is more useful when it's user-to-user, not host-to-host; we can do this
already with PGP. The tricky part is finding a way to preserve anonymity where the
majority of sites on the Internet continue to log traffic carefully,
refuse to install new software (especially anon-positive software),
and are administrated by people with simplistic and outdated ideas
about identity and punishment.

@_date: 1994-08-09 01:47:37
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Key Coercion after encrypted message transmission. 
[describes an interesting technique to avoid coerced key disclosure]
Unfortunately, you seem to have received one of the early drafts of
the Cypherpunk Code; they're easy to spot because a fumble-fingered
editor left out a few words while recopying meeting minutes. The
Revised Cypherpunk Code of 1993 states:
RCC 23.110:
In accordance with the grand traditions established by previous
cypherpunks (RCC 10.100, et seq), any cypherpunk who suggests that
"someone" or "a cypherpunk" or "the cypherpunks" must implement a
new idea shall be required to code the implementation themselves,
on the platform of their choice.
RCC 23.120:
A cypherpunk required by RCC 23.110 to code an implementation may
employ the work of others as a base for their implementation. The
Librarian of the Cypherpunks is authorized to lend the implementor
a copy of _Applied Cryptography_ until the implementation is finished.
Fans of legislative history will remember the passionate debates between the theoretical cypherpunks - who stood opposed to any
coerced effort - and the practice-based cypherpunks, who argued that
this re-education effort was required to build the proper [post-]
revolutionary consciousness, particularly in the "why can't someone
else do it for me" climate of the mid-1990's. The debate ended when
Zaxxon, an outspoken critic of the remailers, insisted that all
cypherpunk software be rewritten - twice - to his specifications. The
Cypherpunk Assembly voted 99-0 (1 abstention) to enact the "Do It Your Own Damn Self Act" of 1993, codified as RCC 23.110-120.

@_date: 1994-08-21 18:32:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Mail to all drivers in Oregon? 
Probably more than any of us want to pony up. My 1990 almanac lists a
1987 estimate of Oregon's population at 2.7 million people, 20 % of whom
were below the age of 15. Let's triple that and assume that 60% of the
population doesn't have a driver's license (overgenerous, I think) - and let's assume that you form a nonprofit (to get cheap postal
rates), and you pre-sort your mailing, and you use cheap stationary,
such that each piece costs you only $.20 - you're still talking about
a $216,000 mailing. It's a good idea, though; I for one am sympathetic to the cause, if
not this particular implementation. Actually, there's no reason that
the Oregon Privacy Institute (which I just made up on the spot :) couldn't hold a press conference in a room with stacks & stacks of
flats of envelopes, and announce that the mailing will take place
soon .. :)
Thanks for inspiring me (an Oregon resident) to get off my butt and
write to my state representative. For what it's worth, it is possible
to ask the Oregon DMV not to release your records - I've done so,
but don't know if I'm on the CD or not.

@_date: 1994-08-21 23:22:28
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
This "argument by definitions" is idiotic. Different people use words in
different ways. Get used to it. Work around it. State your 'local'
definition clearly and then use it consistently. Let's move on to the
substance of the discussion, ok?

@_date: 1994-12-01 15:48:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: PGP signing tools for Elm/Pine/nn 
Recent comments re the signing controvery give me the impression that
a repeat of this information might be useful. I apologize if this seems like a waste of bandwidth. I can't seem to find a copy of a
tool to make .shar's (or whatever one calls them) so I've separated files with ===== markers. I have also uploaded a gzip'ed
.tar of these files, plus a gzip'ed copy of the mkpgp.txt.uu
document referenced below, to cypherpunks/incoming on
These scripts + a copy of PGP interface nicely with Pine or Elm and
NN to sign/encrypt outgoing messages, and decrypt or signature-
verify incoming mail. The four files below came with the PGP 2.3 distribution (under contrib/elm_nn); they were not included in the
laster distributions. I don't know why. They still seem to work
fine with the newer MIT-PGP stuff. The "mkpgp" script referenced in Michael Handler's message seems to
work fine from inside Pine; but I mostly stick with Elm and nn, so
haven't used it much. Again, sorry to use list bandwidth for this; I thought that these were
already in the hands of most of the folks on the list but the last
few days' messages make me feel uncertain about that.
(And no, for the zillionth time, it's not great policy to use PGP
on a machine where you're not root. Use a small key marked "unsecure"
and get on with life. It won't protect you from root but it will
protect you from Detweiler and other small-time annoyances.)
===== Michael Handler's message =====
the file to you.
Mike, who is only as elegant as his actions let him be

@_date: 1994-12-07 13:20:26
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailers and "##" 
X-To: sq0nk at alt.anonymous.messages
I'm not going to install remailer software that would allow this
because it'd make it even easier to post messages under someone else's name. I think that's rude and I'm not going to help other
people do it. I think it's fine for people to refuse to identify
themselves or to identify themselves with multiple names, but
I don't like people using other folks' names, esp. in text-based
media where the notionis of "identity" and "author" are awfully
slippery in the first place.
(Yes, I am aware that it's trivial to forge messages, and that
widespread use of digital signatures would make the From: line
essentially meaningless.)

@_date: 1994-12-07 15:59:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Bad PGP sig on 'Remailers and ##' 
but the PGP sig on the message was bad, apparently because nn stuck
an extra X-To: line in the message. Ugh. Anyway, I said it, and meant
to say it. Thanks to the c-punk who caught that & sent me mail.

@_date: 1994-12-23 15:10:26
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Norton encryption and privacy 
This was posted to USENET several months ago. Diskreet is a PC-based
device driver which creates a virtual encrypted partition on a normal hard disk partition. I don't know if they use the same algorithms in Norton Encrypt or not.
Snooping in other people's files still sucks.
 -----
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,comp.security.misc
Organization: University of Auckland
Lines: 96
Sender: pgut1 at cs.aukuni.ac.nz (Peter Gutmann)
NNTP-Posting-Host: cs13.cs.aukuni.ac.nz
X-Newsreader: NN version 6.5.0  (NOV)
Last November I picked apart part of the Diskreet encryption program and posted
what I found to this group.  By some miracle I had a bit of spare time this
afternoon, so I've had another quick look at it.  The result is some more
information on the proprietary encryption algorithm and the file format it
uses.  First, a recap of what I presented last time:
The key setup process is very badly done.  The front-end gets a password in the
range of 6..40 characters, and converts it to all-uppercase.  Then it packs it
into a struct along with a collection of other information and passes it to the
DES library used by Diskreet.  The first thing this does is take the password
and reduce it to 64 bits by cyclically xor-ing the full-length password into an
8-byte buffer initially set to all zeroes, ie:
    for( index = 0; password[ index ]; index++ )
        buffer[ index % 8 ] = password[ index ];
It then performs what looks like a standard DES key schedule with the 64-bit
output from this operation.  This creates 128 bytes of subkeys for encryption
and 128 bytes of subkeys for decryption.  These are either used for the
proprietary encryption method or for DES encryption.  Here's a rundown of the
proprietary method:
All operations are performed on 16-bit words.  byteSwap() performs an
endianness-reversal on a word.  Chaining is performed by xor-ing in the
previous ciphertext word.  The keyTable is the 256-byte array of DES subkeys,
treated as an array of words.
    data[ -1 ] = 0x1234;
    index = sectorNo % 128;
    index = keyTable[ index ] % 128;
    for( i = 0; i < SECTOR_SIZE / 2; i++ )
        {
        value = keyTable[ index++ ] + data[ i ];
        byteSwap( value );
        value ^= data[ i - 1 ];
        data[ i ] = value;
        index %= 128;
        }
As can be seen, a known-plaintext attack will recover the (expanded) encryption
key without too much trouble - it's just a repeated addition of a 128-word
array to the data, with the previous word xor'd in for chaining purposes.  The
xor and byteSwap are basically nop's and can be stripped off without any
problems, revealing the key stream used to encrypt the data.  Since encryption
is done by sectors, the same key data is used twice for each sectors.
How do we perform a known-plaintext attack?  It's quite simple actually, since
Diskreet itself provides us with about as much known plaintext as we need.  The
file format is:
    General header
    BYTE[ 16 ]          "ABCDEFGHENRIXYZ\0"
    char[ 13 ]          fileName
    LONG                fileDate
    BYTE                fileAttributes
    LONG                fileSize
    LONG                file data start
    BYTE[ 16 ]          0
    File data
    BYTE[ 32 ]          0
    Padding to make it a multiple of 512 bytes
Everything from the 16-byte magic value to the end of the file is encrypted in
blocks of 512 bytes.  The proprietary scheme will directly reveal its key
stream on the 16-byte check value, the 16 bytes of zeroes at the start, and the
32 bytes (minimum) of zeroes at the end of the data.  Interestingly enough, the
presence of the 16-byte known plaintext right at the start would tend to
confirm the rumours that that's one of the criteria for having an encryption
program approved by the NSA.  The plaintext also gives us the name of one of
the programmers involved.
In my previous posting I said:
  The encryption itself uses DES in CBC mode with a fixed IV.  This means that,
  in combination with the tiny key space, it's possible to create a precomputed
  collection of plaintext/ciphertext pairs and "break" most encrypted files by
  reading the results out of a table.
The 16-byte known plaintext makes this attack a certainty.  In addition, if two
pieces of data are encrypted with the same key, one with the proprietary method
and one with DES, the DES key can be recovered from the proprietary-encrypted
data and used to decrypt the DES-encrypted data.  Again quoting from my
previous posting:
  In summary, there may be a correct DES implementation in there somewhere, but
  it doesn't help much.  [In]Diskreet will stop a casual browser, but won't
  give you any protection at all against any serious attack.

@_date: 1994-12-29 16:53:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ideath remailer erratic over New Years' weekend 
The anon remailer at ideath.goldenbear.com will likely be available
only erratically over the next few days; after the move it will be
co-located at a site featuring a 56K frame relay connection, so
reliability should be good after that. I don't anticipate losing any
traffic, but mail will be travelling via dialup UUCP not TCP/IP until
the move is complete and the DNS data is updated.

@_date: 1994-02-11 00:00:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: message pools revisited 
I think it's time - messages to Pr0duct Cypher (sp?) have begun to appear
on C-punks and on at least one of the Usenet groups; I think it's time
for alt.crypto-traffic, or alt.W.A.S.T.E (from Pynchon's _The Crying of
Lot 49_ - I think it was Tim May who first suggested alt.W.A.S.T.E).
I found a nice Perl script to scan a news spool (or a subset thereof) for
arbitrary text strings. It could easily be modified to send its output to
mail; so one wouldn't even need to subscribe to the group to rcv messages,
if correspondents would be so obliging as to mention the intended target
of the message (which, of course, would create a security risk and
facilitate traffic analysis; security or convenience, choose only one.)
Greg Broiles               ".. has bizarre Cyberanarchist theories relating
greg at goldenbear.com         to human punishment." -- L. Detweiler

@_date: 1994-02-11 20:10:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
As I mentioned to Perry in E-mail, the above is incorrect. Pure text
can be obscene and hence unprotected by the First Amendment.  Kaplan v.
California, 413 U.S. 115, 118-119, 93 S.Ct. 2680, 2683-2684 (1973).
Others here (Mike Godwin?) can likely provide a much better discussion
of just where this fits into First Amendment law; Shepherds' reveals no
more recent decisions which modify the holding in Kaplan.
Greg Broiles               ".. has bizarre Cyberanarchist theories relating
greg at goldenbear.com         to human punishment." -- L. Detweiler

@_date: 1994-02-15 14:16:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
It'd also be possible for two parties to collude; Alice agrees to pass
Mallet's traffic, but tells the other remailers in the co-op that she'll
filter Mallet's traffic. Digital signatures will allow her to pass only
approved unapproved traffic (e.g., forged test-posts from Mallet won't
be remailed by Alice). Where message tracing isn't possible, remailer
operators will need to know and trust one another.
If you mean digital postage when you say "message costs", I don't see
how charging Detweiler $.25 or so to send his messages is going to stop
him; it might put a dent in the sheer volume, but probably not in the
variety of inappropriate groups he chooses to annoy. If message costs
are high enough to deter Detweiler, they're going to be high enough to
deter legitimate and useful posts, too.
The sender-of-record of inappropriate posts is still going to get heat
from the net, whether or not they collected their digital postage.
The best deal I've found so far for (bulk) mail delivery is UUPSI's
$50/month flat-rate UUCP (local dialups many places) - is anyone aware
of a cheaper alternative? Perhaps it's time to test the net's response
to a remailer site whose response to complaints is "Sorry. People are
rude. Nothing to be done about it."
Have the owners of private remailers (rebma.mn.org, utter.dis.org,
extropia.wimsey.com, according to Karl's list) taken flak from their
service providers for remailing?
Greg Broiles               ".. has bizarre Cyberanarchist theories relating
greg at goldenbear.com         to human punishment." -- L. Detweiler

@_date: 1994-02-15 23:55:05
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Misc replies 
H. Ross Perot.
I second Hal's suggestion to route Detweiler's traffic through Xenon's
(Xenon - the point isn't to keep Detweiler off the net. We all know
that's impossible. The point is to keep Detweiler from getting remailers
shut down by abusing them. That's why this is particularly unlike
censorship; Detweiler's goal is to keep all people from using remailers.)
Greg Broiles               ".. has bizarre Cyberanarchist theories relating
greg at goldenbear.com         to human punishment." -- L. Detweiler

@_date: 1994-02-25 19:59:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Clipper Death Threat 
Then there are no rights. Can you name any "right" that has not been
taken from some citizen, sometime, under some circumstances? The state
can and will do with us, our bodies, and our minds, as it pleases. Not
because it has permission, or because it's morally justified, but
because it is willing to use force. Citizens who are unable to match
the state with equal or greater force do not lose their claim to rights
which have been ignored or trampled.
I prefer to think of rights as "something that must not be removed from
any citizen"; but even with that definition, we should be careful. Do
we want to extend it to convicted criminals during the term of their
punishments? What about to persons accused of (but not convicted of)
I would, as well. I think it's important to assert that it *is* a right;
perhaps not as well-defined in the Constitution as I'd like. The
government may choose to pretend we do not have a right to privacy, but
that doesn't change the fact that we have one.
Greg Broiles               ".. has bizarre Cyberanarchist theories relating
greg at goldenbear.com         to human punishment." -- L. Detweiler

@_date: 1994-02-25 23:45:37
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: inept spy 
I'm not sure this incident helps the pro-Clipper folks; after all, it
demonstrates how difficult it can be to keep any information truly
secret, particularly where others value it highly. Yesterday's local paper
said that perhaps 10 people died because Ames revealed them as agents;
will the government protect the key escrow data more carefully than it
protected the identities of those agents? How many more "secrets" are
known by others .. how sure are we that some of "us" aren't really
"them" instead ..?
Greg Broiles               ".. has bizarre Cyberanarchist theories relating
greg at goldenbear.com         to human punishment." -- L. Detweiler

@_date: 1994-01-09 20:51:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Beware of forged messages 
Someone recently posted a forged message with my name on it to the
Cypherwonks list. In the future, all of my messages will be sent
PGP-clearsigned. Please ignore (or mail to me) any messages which
aren't - particularly if they appear to support Detweiler and his
totalitarian schemes, which this particular forgery did.
The header of the message in question was a byte-for-byte duplicate
of an authentic header from a message I did write; apparently our
favorite cyberspatial lunatic has moved beyond just signature blocks.
Greg Broiles                   "Sometimes you're the windshield,
greg at goldenbear.com             sometimes you're the bug." -- Mark Knopfler

@_date: 1994-01-14 15:55:46
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Public key encryption, in 
Last summer I needed to send a magtape with custom-written software to Oman, and needed to declare a value for customs; neither the State Department nor Customs nor Federal Express nor DHL had any idea whether I was supposed to declare the value of the software or the value of the tape
carrying the software.
I settled on the value of the tape if it was blank, based on the notion that a copy of the software wasn't worth much; it was the legal right to use the software which was valuable, and that wasn't being shipped.
(Electronic transfer wasn't possible as the Omanis were very particular about which modems could be used with their telephone system, and it took longer to find an approved modem than it did to ship the magtape.)
As far as I could tell, the thing the Omanis were most concerned with was preventing the import of pornography or other forbidden data; I don't think many of the people involved in processing the shipment understood that the tape could easily have contained those forbidden images.

@_date: 1994-01-16 20:33:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: A modest proposal 
I suggest that remailer operators might find it useful to redirect
remailing requests originating from Detweiler directly to postmaster at lance.colostate.edu.

@_date: 1994-01-17 10:16:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: a modest proposal 
I was thinking that the postmaster would be annoyed by the volume, not shocked by the content, of Detweiler's posts.
I understood Detweiler's recent posting about remailer weaknesses as a threat to exploit those weaknesses - potentially creating hassle and expense for the people whose accounts are used as remailers, and perhaps even the other people with accounts on the machines which run the remailers. He's no longer talking about (assuming he ever was) using the remailers to make an unwelcome or politically unpopular comments - he's now talking about using the remailer system to hurt the people who run it and the people they share machines with. I take issue not with the content of his messages, but their purpose and volume.
I don't know how many messages it takes to swamp a remailer. I predict that it's more than 10 times the number of messages, redirected to Detweiler's postmaster, than it'd take to get his mail access yanked.
His postmaster can take one of two positions:
1.      Detweiler's conduct is unacceptable and beyond even the most basic requirements of decent net citizenship; and the postmaster will be in an excellent position to address this concern locally.
2.      Detweiler's conduct is within the boundaries of acceptable behavior; in which case, objections to it showing up in his mailbox and on his machine (as well as everyone else's) seem hardly appropriate.
If you've ever seen _Brazil_, picture the two maintenance guys with
their pressure-suits filling up with sewage, after Robert DeNiro (?)
replaced their air-supply tubing with sewage tubing. I figure that
piping some of lance.colostate.edu's sewage back onsite seems only

@_date: 1994-01-23 04:26:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
1.  I believe someone in Canada is already doing Usenet-on-CDROM,
minus alt.binaries.pictures.erotica (and perhaps some others).
2.  If the cost for your net connection is usage based instead of
flat-fee, a feed from PageSat might be cheaper. They've recently come out with new hardware that's a little cheaper than the old stuff. (The net connection would still be nice for mail, IP connectivity, blah blah.)
3.   You should at least think about how you will deal with copyright issues. I believe that the folks in Canada avoid redistributing a.b.p.e
to as to avoid legal hassles from the copyright holders for the pictures
posted there. Also, people posting original works have a copyright in
them; and they may not want their works included in your archive. (There's a thread about this in misc.legal.moderated.)
4.    Morally, I'm divided between thinking you should ask the owner of every message (its author) for permission to reprint; and thinking that doing so is too heavy a burden, and that the utility of the CD-ROM is more important than the harm done to the IP rights of the authors. I don't think you need the permission of people on the list who don't write
messages. I also don't think you need the permission of the "list owner", particularly where no creative control is exercised.

@_date: 1994-01-26 04:32:04
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: subpoenas of personal papers 
That constitutional backing is of questionable value - Rik Scarce (author
of the book "Ecowarriors") recently spent months in jail in Washington
State for refusing to reveal, to a federal grand jury, the whereabouts
of a person he interviewed for a book about animal rights activists. He
was released because a federal appellate court was convinced that holding
him longer wouldn't make him reveal the information sought.

@_date: 1994-01-30 05:02:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: "bomb me" traffic 
I'm sure that the good intentions are appreciated, but I don't see how
traffic which is predictable, both in terms of size (~ 45K) and timing
(every morning at X:00 AM) is going to make the task of traffic analysis
more difficult.
Further, the characteristics which have led some remailers to be considered
unsuitable for the current project make them stronger, in terms of
resistance to traffic analysis - e.g., erratic (or slow) throughput, and
loss of "Subject:" lines.

@_date: 1994-07-09 12:38:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Forwarding or pointers + attorney use of PGP 
Count this as a vote in favor of pointers to information instead of reposts, at least where the original is easily accessed by most folks.
The only time I find reproductions in toto useful is where the information
comes from private mail, obscure mailing lists, or other sources I can't
Also, I thought some C-punks might be pleased to hear that PGP and
discussions of encryption/confidentiality are making their way into
the legal community - a law/computers list I'm on has recently had a
spurt of messages re confidentiality and attorney/client privilege, and every response so far has mentioned PGP in a positive light.

@_date: 1994-07-18 13:24:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: pseudonyms and such 
Detweiler is judged harshly because of his poor behavior, not because
he uses pseudonyms. He would be flamed even more vigorously, I predict,
if he were to reappear with his real name. The pseudonymity does not
make him suspect, the message content does. His plaintive "you all suck -
why are you mean to me - I hate you - can't we be friends? - I'm leaving,
you're awful - maybe I'll stay - I'm just a newbie, be nice to me -
you all suck" whining is classic Detweiler; the recent message to Perry
"accidentally" forwarded to the list takes me back to last summer in a
swoon of deja vu. I can't tell whether Xenon or Detweiler wins the prize for most frequently
announcing their final, irrevocable, non-negotiable departure from the
Cypherpunks list and all of its arrogant maniac-losers who don't understand
how things *REALLY ARE*, followed by a re-emergence within a month or two.
Does anyone out there have an accurate count?

@_date: 1994-07-19 12:33:28
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: DT, surveillance, and "the policeman inside" 
The fact that DT allows real-time monitoring of conversations is secondary;
the interesting effect is that it creates (to steal from .. Burroughs?)
"the policeman inside", who *does* watch us at every moment. Surveillance
can cause the subject to become his/her own watcher, an autonomous unit of
self-suppression. This is the real danger of Clipper and DT.

@_date: 1994-07-20 19:33:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: *comeon 
Not bad, Gary - you've managed to manufacture a non-existent consensus
of cypherpunk feeling/opinion from thin air, *and* used it to address an argument nobody made in the first place. But what will you do
for an encore?
Seriously, speak for yourself. I'm in no hurry to call the P.C. cops of
either the left or the right wing down on Cypherpunks, but a little bit
of respect isn't so much to ask, either.

@_date: 1994-07-28 11:04:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailers 
Er, if we knew how to do that, we wouldn't need remailers. :) What we do need are more remailers that aren't subject to political
pressure or likely to be killed because someone writes to 'Postmaster'.
Accordingly, I'm pleased to announce the deployment of my own remailer -
'remailer at ideath.goldenbear.com'. I can't say that the arrangement that
gets me my news/mail feed is entirely without politics, but the sysadmin
above me is, I believe, also pro-privacy and pro-remailer.
The remailer is not intended for use for extortion, harassment, fraud,
defamation, or spamming the net. There are no content filters installed
but if I learn of use which involves the above I will take whatever
steps I think necessary to eliminate non-acceptable uses.
The software is Chael Hall's remailer system - PGP encrypted messages are
not yet supported (unless there's a new version I don't know of). Sometimes I talk to my feed site with TCP/IP, sometimes with UUCP. This
means that messages may get between 0 and 24 hours of delay; I know of
no way to predict the length of the delay. Detweiler, you may not use my remailer nor any of my computer systems
in any way at any time, under any name. If anyone's got his physical
address I'd like to get it so that I may send him a copy of my "no
permission" message, registered mail.

@_date: 1994-07-28 23:23:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: NYET, coercion, and censorship 
Nathan Zook writes to complain that his "NYET" proposal hasn't
attracted the character of criticism he'd hoped for.
He explains that he's a "pro-electronic privacy religious rightist". He is using the words 'pro-electronic privacy' in a way that is new
to me; I have a hard time attaching them to a person who wants to
regulate the policies and recordkeeping of every sysadmin in America,
who wants to make disclosure of name (which I assume means "real name",
or "birth-certificate-name", or "drivers'-license-name", or whatever)
and age mandatory for *every* user of an online system, who wants to
criminalize false disclosure of the above, and criminalize attempts
to "tamper" with the above system.
Don't ever let anyone tell you that only left-wing folks are interested
in getting their regulatory little fingers into every last corner of
human existence, or that all right-wing folks have great respect for
individual property rights and personal freedom. In addition to its regulatory burden on sysops and adult users, the
proposal seems likely to eliminate all access for people under 18
whose parents aren't involved enough in their lives to want to sign onto every BBS their child is interested in. This may not be
a particularly onerous burden for kids with involved and understanding
parents - but kids whose parents are either disintersted or actively
hostile to computer/modem use aren't likely to get far. These are the
kids I think most likely to benefit from the sort of intellectual breadth and depth (ha ha, ok, so it's better than TV, at least) available on the Net. I'm not sure that the burdens created are justified by simply
"reaffirming parental responsibility". You'll have to come up with
a much more compelling interest before you'll convince me. (And, hopefully, before your statutes would pass Constitutional muster.)
The goal of "beating ourselves up to save the police some work" doesn't get all that far with me, either. Perhaps we should just
go ahead and adopt Clipper, too - the legislated alternatives might
be worse. (Not.)
This seems like the sort of thing individual sysadmins should be
able to assess themselves - whether the risk of prosecution was
more burdensome than taking steps to avoid it. Shouldn't rational
human beings be able to make their own choices about risk avoidance?
But we have not had a censor for books, personal letters, newspapers,
art, nor telephone calls. It *is* a question of whether censorship
will take place - and I'm not ready to concede that it will.
Your proposal burdens the privacy, property, and policy of sysadmins,
adult users, and non-adult users. It does so to ostensibly "reaffirm
parental responsibility", protect sysadmins from prosecution, and to adopt a submissive posture in the hopes that our benevolent
master the State won't take away more freedom than we've humbly
offered up as a sacrifice. Even if it does all that you say it will,
it'll just trade one sort of sysadmin legal threat (failure to
appropriately censor material) for another (failure to comply with
identification/registration/user access regulation). As a sysadmin
I'm much more scared of the latter. A cost/benefit analysis from my perspective says the proposal loses.
I do think there's some real merit to the suggestion folks have made
that you *start your own system* and do your own censorship, excising the naughty bits that nice kids shouldn't see. At least here
in Oregon, there are plenty of folks who seem ready to poke their own kids' eyes out rather than let them see two men holding hands -
I think there'd be a real market here for "sanitized Usenet". Look
at Tragedy - people keep signing up for the fucking thing, and a Netcom account costs only a wee bit more. Yow.

@_date: 1994-07-29 01:07:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Just say NYET to kneejerking 
"Reasonable mistake" as to the age of a minor is already an affirmative
defense in Oregon with respect to a prosecution for furnishing/distributing
obscene material to a minor. ORS 167.085(4). If you're really excited about this, you might look at _Ginsberg v. New York_, 398 U.S. 629. A
little poking around makes it look like that's the lead case re
prosecutions for furnishing obscenity to minors. It includes as an
appendix a list of 35 states' "furnishing obscenity to minors" statutes,
circa 1968 (cites only).
In Oregon, it looks like a sysadmin would need to know or have good reason
to know (a) that the material furnished was obscene, and (b) that the person
the material was furnished to was a minor. The standard of "obscenity" for
what minors can see/can't see may be stricter than the traditional Miller
test (Ginsberg) but can't be so strict as "no nudity regardless of context",
at least here in Oregon.

@_date: 1994-07-31 21:22:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Big Brother's Escrow Systems 
Humm. Do Microsoft shareholders know that the company is being run
in order to empower folks, as oppposed to making money? I must confess
that I was (until now) unaware of that.

@_date: 1994-06-03 14:19:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: No compulsory licensing of patents in USA. 
- From "Intellectual Property: Patents, Trademarks, and Copyright in a
Nutshell", pp 12-13, Miller & Davis, West Pub., 1990. (not a particularly authoritative cite, but it ought to do)
"During the life of the patent, the owner has the complete right to determine who, if anybody, will have the right to use, make, or sell
the patented item, 35 USCA (s) 261, and to a more limited extent, how or
where it will be initially exploited. It is important to understand that
American law does not require the patentee to put the patent into use or
allow others to do so. The first requirement, of putting the patent into
use, is called 'working' the patent, a requirement with some historical
meaning and considerable foreign patent law significance. The second
requirement, of allowing others to use the patent, is called 'compulsory
licensing.' Like working, there is no absolute American requirement of
compulsory licensing, but other aspects of the law, especially antitrust,
may have the effect of obliging a patent owner to license others to use
the patent."

@_date: 1994-06-06 13:29:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Sternlight & PGP 
Derek's list is incomplete; Sternlight also alleged that there were
"copyright problems" with PGP, insinuating that some of the code in PGP
had been copied (or derived from) RSAREF code - he backed down pretty
quickly when asked for substantiation. He also wrote to the administrators
of US-based FTP sites, suggesting that PKP/RSADSI was contemplating legal
action against them if they didn't stop making PGP available via FTP. I
suspect (but cannot prove) that he was also the person who reported those
FTP sites to Bidzos, thus creating the lawsuit threat that he then pretended
to protect the FTP sites from.
He also recently wrote to Netcom administrators, encouraging them to take
action against a user who included a public key marked 2.3a in his
.plan file.

@_date: 1994-06-10 11:17:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Hum, 100 - 78.4 = 21.6 % spying 
The Macword survey is old news - about six months, if I remember right.
I'll see if I can dig up my copy.
I think we'd all turn into encryption buffs if the real extent of E-mail
surveillance was known; there are plenty of curious or nosy folks out there
with legitimate (or otherwise) access to root, or the local equivalent.
I'm not thinking of policy-oriented systematic plans of oversight, but the
occasional fishing expedition on a Friday night when everyone else is off
of the machine, and [..]. I've run into too many folks who admit to a once-in
a-while exploration of /usr/spool/mail to think that anything in there is
really secret. It's educational to see what happens to traditional notions
of ethics when paychecks are a week late, the managers are locked in the
conference room, and people are starting to wonder about who gets laid off
next.

@_date: 1994-06-14 14:25:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Word for Windows table of Intel committee members 
Sorry if this seems like a horrible waste of resources, but I thought it
might prove useful to some folks. What follows is a PGP-armored .ZIP
of a Word for Windows table with the last name, full name, and FAX number of the folks on the House Intelligence committee; to use it
yourself, run WfW, pick "File/Print Merge", "Attach Data File", and
give it the enclosed file. Now write your letter - when you want to
insert one of the field members, just use the "Insert Merge Field"
button. Bob Dornan isn't included since he's not accepting FAXes; I couldn't get through to Robert Michel or William Richardson, but
they're still on the list (ok, so I'm lazy.)
It took me about an hour to type these names, type a letter, and feed the letters to my FAX machine - hopefully it can be more like 30 mins for someone else with the enclosed table. Here's to hoping that
letters from folks are interesting even if we aren't in their district.
At least they can't say that nobody cares.
This message won't be PGP-signed, as that would hose the markers
for the included message. Maybe this is really Detweiler. Ha, ha.

@_date: 1994-06-27 00:41:53
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Is the NSA really competent? 
The above assumes that if the NSA does something interesting they'll
tell the world about it. I'm not sure that's a plausible assumption.
They seem to view their mission as creating and maintaining a
balance-of-power of intelligence in favor of the United States;
specifically, gathering intelligence, preserving their ability to
gather intelligence, and preventing others from gathering intelligence.
Revealing the existence or substance of crypto breakthroughs isn't
necessarily compatible with that mission, at least as it's been
historically understood.
(I think remailers are good, but their use makes it necessary to
write to the list to reply; I'd have preferred to reply in E-mail.)

@_date: 1994-05-03 18:16:58
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Who's got Tacky Tokens? 
I must confess that I, too, let the initial wave of interest in Tacky Tokens pass me by, and I find myself without any - and without
any memory of where one gets them. I assume that once upon a time,
they were available from the bank for free ..?
So .. does anyone want to own up to having any? What do you want in
exchange for them? Can/will the bank operator reveal how many tokens
have been distributed, and how many transactions are processed per
Are people interested enough in data havens or postage-based remailers
that they'd actually use them?
(And, re data havens - AT&T plans to offer "virtual storage areas" and archival storage as part of its "PersonaLink" online service
allegedly to be introduced this summer. While AT&T may not be privacy-friendly, if this works it will set both technical and economic
examples for other, more pro-privacy, services.)

@_date: 1994-05-05 05:00:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymous phone calls. 
I think it's 1-900-STOPPER. Not sure, use it at your own risk.
Routing calls through many locations is possible if you aren't wound up
about toll fraud; once upon a time it was SOP, back when MCI and the rest all had 7-digit local dialups which gave you another dialtone;
folks who wanted to make tracing a call tougher could call a local
dialup, use a "k0de" and call a dialup across the country, use a "k0de"
to call a third dialup, and so forth; finally use another "k0de" to call
the real target. Signal quality decreases with each hop. I imagine that
folks still do this with PBX's and the like, though my impression is that there isn't much left for a phreak to do these days.
Don't forget our friend Mister Payphone. Not stylish, but still
relatively anonymous. Also useful may be the pre-paid calling cards;
Pat Townson (sp?), the Telecom Digest moderator, was selling them
for awhile. I understand they're also available in truck stops and
on college campuses, but can't remember seeing them. (Haven't gone
looking, though). I've got a few of the ones that Pat was selling
left, if anyone wants to pony up some Tacky Tokens. The ones I've
seen involve an 800 number, so somebody knows you made the call -
but if it's a peculiar little reseller connected to an aggregator
who buys time from whoever's got it cheapest, it may be hard to track
them down to make them talk.
And, of course, there are any number of ways to "borrow" a phone
with varying degrees of legality/morality - lots of places around
town here have "courtesy phones" where you can make a local call;
just ask a salesperson in a department store, or look around at a
university. If you've got a lineman's set - or a cheap $10 phone
with alligator clips instead of an RJ-11, any phone line can be
yours, for a few minutes.
I guess the short answer is that the really anonymous ways aren't
convenient or legal, if it's a long-distance call. Remember, blocking
caller ID means that the called party doesn't know who called,
but the phone company still does.

@_date: 1994-05-05 15:39:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Cypherpunks change bytes! 
I ought to be studying, but goofing off is more fun. I generated a test
key with the binary distribution of PGP 2.3a for DOS. I then changed the
byte at offset 2F688 in PGP.EXE from 0x33 (ASCII "3") to 0x34 (ASCII "4"),
and the byte at offset 2F689 from 0x61 (ASCII "a") to 0x00 (null).
The patched PGP.EXE identifies itself as "Version 2.4" in ASCII armor blocks
and otherwise; the key generated with the "2.3a" version extracts as a "2.4"
key after the patch. ViaCrypt PGP 2.4 for DOS can successfully read files
encrypted with the patched PGP.EXE, and add keys generated under "2.3a" but
labelled as "2.4" keys. I haven't done a lot of testing, but spot checks
make it look like everything's fine. I don't see the point in forcing everyone to patch their binaries or
recompile from source - does anyone else? Bidzos & Co. are certainly smart
enough to anticipate this step. What's the catch?

@_date: 1994-05-06 12:47:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: "cypherpunks write code" 
There are folks on the list who would disagree with me, but I'm inclined
to liken the "cypherpunks write code" phrase to the older "the personal
is the political" phrase (which I've heard most in connection with feminism)
and the "direct action" movements, principally in environmentalist and
animal-rights causes. I think of it as a reminder to focus on the practical
needs for crypto; and as a warning away from pure theory. It's also a way
to let knowledge from the sphere of practical application inform theoretical
I see it as roughly parallel to the distinction between academics who talk
about revolution, and revolutionaries. :) Sometimes there's some crossover,
but frequently not. "Cypherpunks write code" encourages a crypto revolution
from the bottom up, not from the top down. (I'd say though, the Cypherpunks
list seems to function more as a Leninist avant-garde than a true "people's
uprising", as per Mr. Nalbandian's recent comments.) Public-key encryption
has been documented in open literature since 1978; but it wasn't until 1991
and the release of PGP that it was easily available to folks not relatively
fluent in both programming and math. "Cypherpunks write code" reminds us
that it shouldn't take 13 years to turn new developments into user-accessible
In any event, I don't think it should be interpreted as a slam against
non-programmers, but an exhortation to take some sort of practical action
to protect privacy; I mentally include the distribution of disks at PC Expo
and John Gilmore's FOIA requests within "writing code", for instance. To
me, it really means "don't just sit there! do something!", which can apply
to all of us, no matter what our expertise.

@_date: 1994-05-12 13:48:51
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Case law re ITAR and export control 
I've been reading more about export controls, and found these cases
which may be of interest:
US v Elder, 579 F.2d 516 (9th Cir, 1978).
Prohibition on export of technical data includes provision of assistance
to foreign manufacturers of items which would be on the Munitions List
if manufactured domestically. This prohibition does not interfere with
First Amend. free speech protection when narrowly interpreted to apply
only to tech. data "significantly and directly related" to items on the
Munitions List. Conviction under 22 USCA 1934 (since repealed, but
similar to 22 USCA 2778, which applies now) requires that where tech data
has both military and nonmilitary uses, prosecution must establish accused
knew or had reason to know of its application towards a prohibited purpose.
US v Van Hee, 531 F.2d 354 (6th Cir, 1976).
Personal knowledge can constitute "technical data" for purposes of
regulations restricting export of munitions. Exemption applying to
"public domain" technical data applies only to technical data in
published form. Exemption for public domain tech data must be
claimed at time of export, not at trial, and package/letter must be
marked as claimed exempt.
US v. Donas-Botto, 363 F.Supp 191 (E.D.Mich, S.D. 1973).
"Technical data" as used in the ITAR includes "technical knowledge",
and its transmission is not protected by the First Amendment. The US also claims the right to prosecute for violations of the ITAR
committed by non-citizens while located in foreign countries, even
where the subject matter is owned by a foreign government. See
US v Evans, 667 F.Supp 974 (S.D.N.Y, 1987) for a chilling story indeed.
I'm going to be on vacation for a few weeks, and probably won't be
checking the list; in order to avoid misunderstanding, the summaries
above are my own and I believe they're accurate. I haven't found anything
which overturns or disagrees with the above. My own ideas about "freedom
of speech" don't match the above, but that's probably not surprising.
My questions about the above:
o	When does export take place? When the technical data leaves
o	Do I need a license from the State Department if I know
 	 somewhere.)
Discussion on the list about export regulation has focussed on violations
of the ITAR; but prosecution is also possible under 22 USC 2778, with
maximum penalties of $1M and 10 years in prison. Ouch.
If there's going to be an LA-area C-punks meeting, will someone please send E-mail?

@_date: 1994-11-19 19:47:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: SPOOF SENDERS? 
Why not go to one of the commercial providers or Freenets and ask for an account under a pseudonym? I don't get the impression that
Netcom cares what your account name is, and I imagine the other providers
are too busy to play identity police. If they're feeling picky and
you're feeling accomodating, tell them you want to pay for an account
for a roommate/spouse/partner/adopted child who doesn't have a checkbook/VISA card.

@_date: 1994-11-29 16:20:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: signing messages 
Seems like one way to encourage the use of digital signatures is to
start forging messages from people who don't ordinarily sign their
messages. Necessity is the mother of invention, and all of that.
I finally started signing my messages on a regular basis as a result
of Detweiler forging a message which purported to be from me. On the
other hand, I think Tim has been the most frequent target of Detweiler's forgeries, and I don't detect much of a creep towards
signing messages on his part. Eric, would you mind clarifying the purpose of the "sign-or-delay"
rule? Last time this came up I assumed that it was to encourage folks who had 95% of the tools/initiative to start using crypto techniques on a day-to-day basis to get off their asses and do so;
but other people seem to have different ideas about the purpose(s)
of such a practice. I think it might be interesting to try the "sign-or-delay" rule on
a part-time basis - perhaps weekends only, or never on weekends, or
only during December, or whatever. To me, it seems useful as sort of
a "Great American Smoke-Out Day" for crypto; to get folks to go just
one day where they use crypto in a practical, applied way, to prove
that they can do it. What they do after that is their own business.

@_date: 1994-09-04 12:13:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: "Reputations" are more than just nominalist hot air 
Well understood by *who*? You seem to have a strong local definition
for the word "reputation". You seem to believe that freedom itself
depends on folks only using that word in a fashion compatible with your
own use. That's an interesting notion for a sleepy Sunday afternoon,
but you haven't convinced me yet. Perhaps you'd be good enough to
describe what you mean when you use the word "reputation"?
When you say "we", who are you referring to? Who decides what the "correct meaning" of a word is?

@_date: 1994-09-06 16:42:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Where can I get cypherpunk t-shirts? 
Funny that you should bring this up while being lauded for providing
reliability information. My own "ping test" of the "Cypherpunk Criminal"
T-shirts resulted in 100% failure; e.g., no shirts yet and we must be
approaching a 2-digit number of months since I ordered. The seller said
that mine were in the last batch of funny-size shirts that got somehow
screwed up; a few months ago they were to be reprinted and then in the
mail within 2 weeks. Sigh. They sounded like a nice idea; perhaps someday I'll make it down to CA
for a real CP meeting and I'll get to see one myself.
I did, however, get my "Don't give Big Brother a master key" T-shirt
very quickly. Would order from those folks again (sorry, don't have
the address handy, though).

@_date: 1994-09-12 21:45:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Distribution of FAQ to CompuServe, American Online, etc. 
Hmm .. sounds like a good opportunity to spawn off a pseudonym. The Cyphernomicon can stand on its own two feet with respect to being useful - it's nice to know that Tim May wrote it, but it'd
be interesting if some nobody did, also. Perhaps the next edition
*should* be (apparently) published by some unknown nobody .. Klaus! von Future Prime, or some other fictional character who
doesn't get (or need to reply to) E-mail. Important corrections or
other comments can get sent to the list for general digestion and
discussion.

@_date: 1994-09-13 17:50:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
This seems to conflate three separate issues:
1) being required to identify yourself (e.g., give a name and/or address
and/or date-of-birth)
2) being required to "prove" your identity by producing some sort of
3) being required to have a valid drivers' license in your possession
while driving
Hopefully, we will be able to use cryptographic techniques to prevent
(3) from being permanently associated with (1) and (2). I'm inclined
to eliminate pre-testing and certification for drivers - cops who suspect that a certain person shouldn't be driving could administer some sort of (probably "VR" [ack, buzzwords!]) "road test" on the
spot - people who pass are OK, and people who fail - because they're
too young, too old, too drunk, too stupid, or too sleepy get punished
for driving while incompetent.

@_date: 1994-09-20 16:57:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: On the crime bill and remailers 
In general, scienter/mens rea requirements mean that you must have intended
a particular action (or failure to act) - the question is about your understanding of the facts of a particular situation, not the legal status
of a particular situation. Given your example, it's illegal to drive
across the border, knowing your pickup contains ammunition - whether or
not you believe your actions are legal. It's not illegal to drive across
the border with a box full of ammunition if you thought you were carrying
a box full of clothes.
The old saw "ignorance of the law is no excuse" is basically accurate.
Good-faith reliance on legal advice from competent counsel won't even
save you. (but it might get you a malpractice judgement/settlement).

@_date: 1994-09-24 13:43:26
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Fwd: Anonymous Long Distance Phone Calling 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ sigh.
This scheme seems to boil down to "trust us, we won't tell" anonymity;
much like the C-punk remailers, but it'd get awfully expensive to chain
with these cards at $.35/min. There are two opportunities for tracking/
logging - when the cards are purchased, and when the calls are made. ("800" number calls deliver the caller's number to the owner of the 800
number - sometimes immediately, sometimes as part of billing detail.)
The cards seem to trade convenience (no pocket full of quarters) for
security (they may track purchases after all). There's nothing at all
anonymous about them if you don't use them from payphones, or other
unsecure public phones.
Cards like these are available for cash at Western Union offices,
greeting card stores, and truck stops. They're also more likely to be in
the $3-20 range instead of $50 or $100 - which is nice, because you
shouldn't reuse them if you don't want eavesdroppers to tie your dealings
with party A to your dealings with party B.
I don't see much value in encryption if it's not end-to-end; seems like
most potential eavesdroppers are going to be located on the customer-to-CO
link at either/both ends, which won't be encrypted unless you've got crypto gear installed at caller and callee locations .. which makes
their product much less interesting.

@_date: 1995-12-04 04:03:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: "Got a subpoena?" 
This evening I ran across _In Re Application of United States of America for
Order Authorizing Installation of Pen Register_ 610 F.2d 1148 (3rd Cir., 1979),
citing to _United States v. New York Tel. Co._ 434 US 149, 54 L.Ed.2d 376,
98 S.Ct. 364 (1977), holding that Fed.R.Crim.P. 41 and the All Writs Act
28 USC 1651 give a federal district court the power to direct a telephone
company to make equipment and personnel available to assist in gathering
evidence and intelligence as part of a criminal investigation. (Also see
58 ALR Fed 719 "Authority of District Court to order telephone company to
assist law enforcement agents in tracing telephone calls", and _Michigan
Bell Tel. Co. v. United States_ 565 F.2d 385 (6th Cir., 1977).
I don't get much exposure to federal criminal law so I'm way out of my depth
re whether that interpr
tation of rule 41 is current (or if rule 41 has changed
in the intervening 20 years) but it might be a starting place. The cases
discuss the telephone companies' status as "highly regulated utilites with
a duty to serve the public" as justifying a diminished interest in autonomy;
presumably this factor would work against the commandeering of a remailer.
Westlaw shows some 860-odd screen pages worth of annotations for 28 USC 1651
and, frankly, I'm not up to reading them, at least not on a whim.
According to _In re Application of United States_, supra, and _In re
Application of United States_ 616 F2d 1122 (9th Cir., 1980), the telephone
company (and likely a remailer) is entitled to an in camera hearing prior
to the law enforcement use of facilities/personnel to determine if it is
unduly burdensome and/or how much compensation should be paid.
The opinions also don't go anywhere near the question of whether or not the
phone company had the choice to simply go out of business entirely; I think
that option would be more easily available to a remailer. If my remailer
were served with an order to begin logging, I think I might prefer to move
all of the RAM in that box over to my Windows box, say, so that I could get Terminal Velocity to run with SVGA resolution, or whatever. I do think
there's a meaningful difference between asking an enormous business to run
their operations a wee bit differently (or ask technicians to work overtime,
where the court pays the overtime) and forcing a single individual to
reorganize their life around a criminal investigation. (see the discussion
of over-burdensomeness)
Then again, it doesn't seem so hard for the cops to just seize the box(es)
which run the remailers, set them up down at the station, and start watching
traffic. This seems to be a factor in favor of running remailers on big
systems which would be politically more difficult to seize, e.g., Portal's
or Caltech's or some other big multiuser box owned by someone who's already
got an attorney on retainer.

@_date: 1995-12-08 02:06:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Is there a lawyer in the house? 
What's important here is the difference between things and information -
if the cops want to get *things* in your possession, they need a warrant
or consent or exigent circumstances or whatever. If they want to get *information* in your possession, they can subpoena you and make you talk (or show them the papers/records/whatever, modulo the Fifth amendment, modulo
immunity). Either way, the standard for due process (essentially nothing
for a subpoena - "more likely than not will lead to the discovery of fruits
of/evidence of a crime" for a warrant) is pretty minimal.
But, it's worse than that: as a matter of federal law, if I write "I, Greg
Broiles, killed Jimmy Hoffa and hid his body in one of the concrete columns
used to construct Giants Stadium", and give that piece of paper to you, and
cops search your house illegally and find that scrap of paper, the information
on the paper (if not the paper itself) can be used against me, even though
it was found in an illegal search. I wouldn't have "standing" (e.g., a legal
basis to contest the search) because federal law doesn't think I have a privacy interest in the stuff in your house.
I think that's the tricky bit behind the idea that there's no (personal)
expectation of privacy where a key is given to an escrow agent - the standing
requirement. State constitutions and statutes may provide a higher level of
protection - Oregon's constitution, for example, is interpreted to be more
generous re who's got standing to contest the legality of a search.
It occurs to me that the owner of the key might have a good argument that
they've got "third party standing", where they can essentially adopt the
position of the key's owner, because the key's owner is in a position such that they can't do a good job of representing their own interests, and the
third party will. (e.g., the doctor(?) in _Eisenstadt v. Baird_) The owner
of the key (at least if they're anonymous, and the key server is served with
a subpoena to "disclose the 'true name' of the owner of key 0x58ddf30d") may
wish to avoid revealing hirself. Hmm. That, of course, assumes that the
escrow holder feels like fighting the subpoena - perhaps that's something to
look for when you go escrow shopping.

@_date: 1995-12-09 16:25:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ideath remailer temporarily down 
The remailer located at remailer at ideath.goldenbear.com is currently unavailable because the local freenet (which handles DNS and MX service
for goldenbear.com) is making some configuration changes. Apologies for
not warning anyone, but I didn't get a warning either. Incoming mail for goldenbear.com should be spooling on sender's machines;
I haven't received any since late Thursday (12/7) evening. I don't know
when they'll get this fixed but I'm kinda pissed off about it and am exploring alternatives. Doh.
I'm reachable as gbroiles at darkwing.uoregon.edu as well.

@_date: 1995-02-02 06:09:53
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Frothing remailers and trust 
For what it's worth, I'm a remailer operator and I don't know any of
the other operators well enough to say that I'm sure that they're
trustable with respect to preserving privacy. (no offense intended.) I do, for the most part, trust them to forward almost all messages
but my conclusion is based in large part on Raph's list. Absent that
list, I don't think I'd have enough information on delivery reliability
to comment about that either. This "web of trust" thing sounds nice but
I can't participate because I don't know the other people involved. I think other remailer operators may be in a similar situation.
Your scheme seems to conflate two tasks/roles I think are separable -
remailing messages and specifying a trustable path for messages to take. The latter requires more information than I have - but it is
information someone could gather. I think it'd be possible for someone
to perform "remailer audits", and then report their findings. Some
part of that report might be in the form of a "Anon-To:" chain,
or probabilites for creating your own chain of messages; or maybe
the auditor would serve as a first-hop-but-never-the-last remailer,
passing the message along to remailers it believes to be reliable and
trustworthy. Premail seems to be a step in this direction, but it
chooses hops on the basis of reliability, not reliability + privacy.

@_date: 1995-02-03 14:29:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer Unreliability 
This depends on a significant change in remailer features - existing
remailers don't do message delivery, they pass remailed messages off to the local MTA (e.g, sendmail, Smail, whatever) and let it take
care of delivery. Expecting remailers to handle queueing and delivery
adds lots of code and complexity. (It also may piss off sysadmins who
aren't remailer operators. Bogus or not, some institutions frown on
attempting mail delivery manually or with non-standard programs.)
Also, it's difficult to say when delivery has failed. Not every failure
(where failure = not delivered in a reasonable time) results in a
bounce message; if the sending remailer can't determine success or
failure immediately, it will have to keep a database of the last few
(hundred, probably) primary/alternate address pairs, and then extract the failed message from the bounce message, then reprocess with the alternate address. Yuck. I think the easiest way to do this would be for remailers to have a
list of "unavailable remailers", and to process the primary/alternate
choice immediately upon receipt/resending - but if we have a good way
to provide the remailers with availability information, we've probably
found a good way to provide it to users, too.

@_date: 1995-02-06 00:23:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer msgs ideath -> rebma don't work. 
Remailer messages sent via remailer at ideath.goldenbear.com to remailer at rebma.mn.org are failing; the system which handles my
mail upstream can't seem to connect to rebma. I'm going to try
to get things ironed out, but until then the ideath -> rebma path
should be avoided.
Sorry for any inconvenience; the bounced messages have been

@_date: 1995-02-10 00:25:51
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: stupid legislation in Oregon 
Ugh. This has been a stupid week. Oregon House bill 2319 was introduced
by Rep. (Kevin?) Mannix on 1/16/95, and referred to the House committee
on Commerce on 1/18/95. Rep. Mannix has also introduced another bill, HB 2310, which "Creates the crime of electronically furnishing obscene
material to minors; punishes by maximum one year imprisonment,
$10,000 fine, or both." HB 2310 was introduced 1/13/95, and referred
to the House Judiciary committee on 1/16/95. He's introduced 38 bills so far this session - including others re
mandatory minimum sentencing for felony convictions, one which appears
to bar surrogate-pregnancy agreements, and another (HB2303) which prohibits physicians from performing artificial insemination on an
unmarried woman.
Damn this fucking state. I'll be on the phone with my representative
in the morning to see if I can find out more. Westlaw's legislative
tracking database doesn't have much information.

@_date: 1995-02-10 15:54:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: why pgp sucks 
I think the centralization/decentralization confusion comes from PGP's
decentralized approach to key generation and authentication, which has
been hailed as a good thing. As long as folks can generate their own
keys, sign their friends' keys, and upload their keys to servers at their own discretion, I can't see what would make a centralized or
standardized distribution method harmful.

@_date: 1995-01-05 00:25:20
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailers, law and the Church of Scientology 
Neither case is particularly similar to the remailer situation.
_Maphia_ concerned a business which sold $350 boxes to copy
SEGA programs from and to ROM cartridges; they also sold access
to their BBS which held unlicensed copies of SEGA games. The
court held that the copying devices had no purpose other than to
contribute to infringement, and that when SEGA programs were uploaded to the BBS, the upload was made with the knowledge of the
defendants. _Frena_ involved a BBS operator who made copyrighted
pictures from Playboy available on his BBS; Playboy trademarks
were removed from the pictures prior to posting. Access to the
BBS was only available to people who paid for access, or who
otherwise did business with the defendant. The court's discussion
about the defendant's mental state in _Frena_ consists of a single sentence, and a cite to Jay Dratler, Jr., "Intellectual
Property Law: Commercial Creative, and Industrial Property",
$ 6.01[3] at 6-15(1991). The court seems to be addressing direct,
not contributory infringement. (I don't have Dratler available
easily right now so I dunno what it says.)
_Maphia_ does cite text from _Casella v. Morris_ 820 F.2d 362 (11th
Cir. 1987): "'[o]ne who, with knowledge of the infringing activity,
induces, causes or materially contributes to the infringing conduct
of another' may be held liable as a contributory infringer." (quoting
from _Gershwin Publishing Corp. v. Columbia Artists Management, Inc._,
443 F.2d 1159,1162 (2nd Cir. 1971).
I don't think the cases cited stand for what the Church's attorney
says they stand for. I'm not convinced that the "contributory infringement" doctrine can be reasonably applied to remailer operators; and I'm not sure that remailer operators have the sort
of mental state (knowledge) required to create liability. The
letter to operators may be part of a strategy to establish knowledge of the potential for misuse, to later prevent operators from claiming a lack of knowledge. I'm not sure that
a vague warning "someone might use your service to infringe
a copyright" is strong enough to establish that sort of knowledge.
As a remailer operator, I don't see a good way to eliminate
infringing uses without also eliminating non-infringing uses;
the crazy politics around this Scientology stuff makes it seem
like the perfect place for people to use remailers. I also think the non-commercial and political nature of postings
to the Scientology groups may make a fair-use analysis turn out
differently than in _Maphia_ and _Frena_; both defendants tried
a fair use argument, and both lost. On the other hand, I'm a law student, not an attorney, and the
person who wrote that letter certainly knows more about law in
general and about copyright than I do. I may be totally hosed.
Coincidentally or not, I had a long chat today with the sysadmin
of the system immediately upstream from mine. He said, out of
the blue, "So .. you run a remailer?". In the past he has been
privacy-friendly and anon-friendly, and seems to remain so today, but the timing was a little peculiar. I explained about
the remailers and told him how to get Raph's list and about
alpha.c2.org and all the rest of it.

@_date: 1995-01-07 15:45:24
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymity and cost 
At a very basic level, anonymous (not pseudonymous, like the remailers
are) messages are *cheaper*, because they carry less information; they
do not need to send the bits which identify the sender. This conversation seems to elide distinctions between low-level
anonymity (where source information is simply not transmitted) and
high-level anonymity, where source information is transmitted but is
not used for social or political reasons.
Anonymous remailers are considered "anonymous" because (some of us)
agree that we won't treat the "From:" line as indicating the real
author of the text below. We agree this because we know how
remailers work; we know that (probably) the person who wrote the
message isn't the same person as the owner of the "From:" address.
When we say a message is "anonymous" we mean that its real author
should not/cannot be connected with the text of the message. We could
just as easily agree on an "Identify-Author:" header field by which
authors could indicate whether or not they wished to be speaking
"on the record" when they wrote the message. A multi-hop message where the "From:" line changes with each hop
costs almost precisely what a multi-hop message would cost without
the "From:" line changes. Folks feeling detail-oriented can calculate
the cost of the CPU time to strip header information vs. the cost of
sending that header information to the next hop. I don't care about
the answer, so I'm not going to.
Anonymous video conferencing is available now; go to Kinko's, pay
cash for the use of their video conference room. Or, ask/convince
the recipient to consider the conversation "off the record". Current remailer operators experience a cost in that they receive some amount of hassle and exposure to liability by
running remailers; but this is merely a "cost" shifted from one
person (the author) to another, the surrogate author. This may
look like a cost of anonymity but it's more accurately described as the cost of being provocative or rude or illegal.

@_date: 1995-01-08 11:29:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymity and cost 
I don't think it's useful to redefine "anonymous" to include some messages which identify the author, and to exclude some messages which
do not identify the author. Then again, I'm not sure it's useful to
play Language Cop, either. But count mine as a voice in favor of
describing accurately what's being discussed. (Perhaps messages which
defy traffic analysis might be called "untraceable" but not "anonymous", unless they also do not identify an author.)
I agree. I fear I've been influenced by some of the authors on that
Cypher[something] list who've recently argued persausively in favor
of applying technology appropriate to local conditions; e.g., not
wasting time on the techno-gadget-of-the-month when more pedestrian
but functional means are available.

@_date: 1995-01-20 17:45:41
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailers-in-a-box 
In this model, who deals with mailbombs/spams/requests for address blocks?
It is this sort of administrivia (plus the threat of liability) that
makes running a remailer troublesome, not a lack of someone's $20/month.
I think it's disingenuous to say that "X pays the bills for the network
link; X purchased the hardware and keeps it running; the box is in X's
house/office; X is the person who reads complaint mail and responds (or
fails to); but because Y sends X $20/month, the remailer (and attendant
liability for its mis/use) belongs to Y." I realize that there's a certain formal logic to it, but I don't think that anyone - not courts,
and not the world-in-general - is going to pay attention to that formalism when it's clear that a machine essentially under the control
of X is being used for 'antisocial' means.
I'm seriously considering offering this sort of remailer-in-a-box
thing, but there's a certain amount of hassle associated with running
a remailer. It can be shifted to different parties, but it must be
paid for one way or another.  I guess it'd be possible to treat remailers as disposable - when one
had pissed off enough people, it could be abandoned - but this lack
of long-term reliability seems poor.

@_date: 1995-01-20 23:44:39
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailers-in-a-box 
Sorry if I was unclear; I didn't mean that you were being disingenuous,
just that the assignment of responsibility/culpability in at least some of the schemes being discussed looks suspect to me.
I do think that this plan can create greater risk for the owners of
machines which operate remailers - what if one of their customers decides not to block traffic to whitehouse.gov, or to
alt.religion.copyright, or whatever? Neither the SPA nor the Secret
Service has acted particularly cluefully with respect to seizing
hardware or conducting unnanounced destructive "fishing" expeditions.
As things stand today, I have some control (via my filter list) of
the risks I'm willing to assume and not assume. If I let people with
no real stake in the matter gamble with my machine based on their own
choices about filtering, that looks like a loss to me.
(Of course, the machine owner can always, via contract, set certain
terms - e.g., addresses which must be filtered. This starts to look
like active participation in the administration of the remailer, which
makes the off-site operator structure seem less legitimate.)

@_date: 1995-07-17 23:27:24
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 
A criminal RICO violation can be punished by up to 20 years' imprisonment,
as well as forfeiture of any personal or real property constituting
or derived from proceeds of racketeering activity. A convicted RICO
defendant can be fined up to twice the gross profits of the racketeering activity. If the defendant disposes of property otherwise
subject to forfeiture, other property owned by the defendant (of equivalent
value) may be seized and forfeited. 18 USC 1963.
RICO also allows private parties injured by a RICO violation to bring a
civil suit and recover three times their actual damages, plus attorneys'
fees and costs. A criminal conviction will operate to estop a RICO defendant from denying the facts underlying the criminal conviction in a
subsequent civil suit. 18 USC 1964.
The defendant has to prove that s/he provided the decoder, because providing the decoder is an affirmative defense. That puts the burden
of proof on the defendant on that issue. Were the statute worded that
not providing the decoder were an element of the crime, then the
government would need to prove that the defendant hadn't provided it.

@_date: 1995-07-17 23:27:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 
RICO does not require that either the enterprise or the predicate acts
were motivated by (hope of) economic gain. _National Organization for Women
v. Scheidler_, 114 S.Ct. 798, 127 L.Ed.2d 99 (1994) or
Looks like Bob Dornan wants to change that, though (probably because RICO
was used to sue anti-abortion terrorists). He introduced HR 230 which
would amend 18 USC 1961(5) to require "profit-seeking purpose" to establish
a RICO "enterprise". THOMAS says that HR 230 is in the House Judiciary
Committee. RICO is at  et seq :) for the curious.

@_date: 1995-07-18 00:17:26
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: SurfWatch for employees (ugh) 
Consistent with the trend towards treating employees like children,
Webster Network Strategies has announced (but apparently has not
shipped) a product similar to SurfWatch but aimed at an employment
environment. The product is called "WebTrack" and supposedly supports
access lists of URLs, where access can be allowed to "all but these sites"
or "only to these sites". The product also can be configured to log all Web usage by users subjected to its reign of terror. :) WebTrack is priced at $7,500 with an annual subscription to its list of interesting (err, forbidden) sites priced at $1,500. The article in the
7/10/95 Infoworld doesn't list contact information for Webster
Network Strategies. What is it, two months between deployment of software designed to restrict
net access to one segment of the population perceived as especially
vulnerable and the subsequent application of that technology to other target groups? My bet is the next target group will be university students, followed by "affinity marketing" with various repressive
organizations (whose names I elide in the interests of greater
Cypherpunk harmony, pick your own and imagine them here.) Of course, the next step is to use restrictive licensing/distribution
terms (a la Netscape/Mozilla) and a nifty freeware/software package
available only from a site which also carries porn (or other forbidden
fruit) to make the customers/purveyors of this crap twist in the wind
a bit. Break the terms of the license and get the software somewhere
else? Avoid using the coolest new thing because you're hooked up via
we'll-think-for-you.net? Doh.
(Pedants need not point out that personal choice (and personal filtering)
are always appropriate, and indeed empowering. Neither WebTrack nor
NetSurf are marketed to help people subject themselves to a regime
of repression - they are intended and sold to allow the purchaser to
control what others (perceived as having fewer or no rights) will read
and view. ". . inasmuch as you have done it unto one of the least of
these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." Matthew 25:45)

@_date: 1995-07-28 01:57:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: copyrighting algorithms 
Sounds like _Sega v. Accolade_, 977 F.2d 1510 (9th Cir., 1993). I don't have it in front of me, but Terry Carroll's Copyright FAQ
cites it for the proposition that dissasembly of a copyrighted work
can be fair use if there is no other way to reach noncopyrightable
(functional, not expressive) elements of an existing work.

@_date: 1995-11-02 11:29:47
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Cable TV Privacy (was Re: InfoWar) 
Local cable TV companies *are* constrained re recordkeeping about
consumer choices and disclosure of that data - see 47 USC 551, the
"Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act of 1992".
They must disclose at the time you sign up for service and once
yearly what data they keep about your watching/purchasing choices, and
who that data is disclosed to. They must dispose of that data when it
is no longer useful for the purpose for which it was collected. Consumers get liquidated damages of the greater of $100 per day or
$1000, plus attorney's fees and (maybe) punitive damages.
But I agree that cable TV != DirecTV, and that Hughes seems to be
unregulated in this field.

@_date: 1995-11-15 11:39:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
You're only reproducing half of the debate, which goes like this:
Businesses/customers won't trust the Internet for commerce, because it's
not perfectly secure.
And then others go on to point out that businesses and consumers do business
every day using commerce tools whose security features are weak to nonexistent.
So, no, we don't have to "get the Internet ready for business" because it's
already at least as secure as ordinary consumer transactions. This doesn't
mean that it's not important to work on security, just that it's a useful
direction for improvement, not a baseline requirement.
Most consumer-level transactions are based on a general sort of trust-in-human-nature sort of policy, backed up by the knowledge that a single
failed transaction (or even a constant low level of failed transactions, where
failed == "didn't get paid but gave the stuff away") isn't likely to kill off
a business or even make it unprofitable. Loss by theft or fraud can be thought
of like any other sort of overhead - and it doesn't make sense (financially)
to spend more to eliminate it than you'll recover by that elimination. Pursuing criminal or civil charges against a non-performing party is expensive - most people do it out of a sense of moral outrage, or because they
want to maintain a public perception of unforgiveness, not because they really think they'll get back what they've expended in time, money, and opportunities lost for other (more profitable) pursuits. (see Axelrod on
the Prisoner's Dilemma tournaments for the arguable game-theory C-punks
cryptoanarchy relevance.)

@_date: 1995-11-21 01:21:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: remailer abuse 
Remailers exist (at least mine does) to make possible the dissemination of
unpopular views. "Unpopular" depends on context; so does "abuse". The line
between "unpopular" and "abuse" is difficult to draw.
On the one hand, the recent "Mr. Pedophile" message seemed intended to make
the recipient uncomfortable or offended probably because of illegitimate
reasons (purportedly, pedophilia). Other messages which cause complaints seem
to be responses to something that the "victim" has done or said somewhere
else. It's tempting to say that a message which lays out in logical fashion
coherent arguments explaining why the "victim's" original message is wrong is
likely to cause discomfort or embarassment but is legitimate, while a message
which says, to quote from a complaint message I received this weekend, "Fuck you asshole. I hope you choke on your son's sperm." isn't legitimate
even though it may also cause discomfort or embarassment. So I guess it's not so much a message's effect upon its recipient (or its intended effect)
which is legitimate or illegitimate as it is the message's means of doing so.
And that seems really tough to judge, where a remailer operator doesn't
know the context in which a message is sent.
(I do think it's possible that the "Mr. Pedophile" message was sent by another
child or teenager intending to torment the target, not by an actual pedophile. It's possible that the sender was the target himself. It's also
possible that the sender was an actual pedophile or a child-hostile adult, but that's not the only plausible explanation. People do strange, strange
In a situation where person A uses system X to send messages to person B who
uses system Y, I'm not sure what B can expect from the system operator of
system X. (I'm thinking about net custom here, not law.) If A wants to send
messages to B, but B doesn't want to receive them, should A be forced to
stop sending? Does X have an obligation to make A stop? Does X have an
obligation to modify his system such that messages from A to B are automagically suppressed? Does X have an obligation to refuse service to A
(and forego payment for service from A) if A won't stop sending to B? Is the answer different if B doesn't want the messages because they (are likely to) contain profanity? or because they are from a person of the
wrong religion? or because they're hostile or argumentative? As a first response I'm likely to say that if A knows (or should know, or
can guess and be pretty certain of the result) that B doesn't want to get a
particular message, A shouldn't send it. But then I realize that there are a
number of exceptions - what about if A's message to B is in response to a spam or otherwise inappropriate message from B? what about where B owes A
money? or if B has said something ridiculous or stupid and A is writing to
correct B? I think that there wouldn't be many inappropriate posts sent to
the C-punks list, for example, if everyone who thought a post was
inappropriate (not just factually arguable, or uninteresting) sent a message
to that effect; the impact of just a few hundred such messages in reply to
a single message would likely be burdensome enough to make the sender think
twice before sending again. But that inconvenience is anticipated by (and
motivates) the senders of those hundreds of messages. I still don't think
it's wrong to send the messages.
I guess my point is that eliminating "abuse" is pretty much impossible because abuse is in the eye of the beholder. I don't think we need to rely on the mercy or good graces of the net at large, though - remailers
will likely prove to be as difficult to eliminate as spammers have been.
The net is too big to be centrally policed, and individual providers often
have an incentive to tolerate behavior otherwise frowned upon because
they're being paid to do so. (and if they begin content filtering they
may lose any sort of quasi-common-carrier status they might enjoy now,
viz _Cubby v. Compuserve_, etc.) Even if the United States adopts rules
requiring messages be identified as to the sender, it won't be possible to
eliminate overseas remailers - and I imagine that folks would just start up
pseudonymous remailers. (I've worked on some prototype code and will
deploy a pseudonymous remailer - where people get names like "fjones at pseudo.goldenbear.com " instead of
"an12345 at pseudo.goldenbear.com ", in order to divert or
confuse anti-anonymous policies or programs.)
I think adopting a submissive or apologetic stance with respect to the operation of a remailer is a mistake. What we do is protected by the First
amendment, supports a 200+ year tradition of anonymous political speech in
America, provides a valuable service to a worldwide community, and can help
avoid the very abuse they are accused of facilitating. The child who was the
target of the "Mr. Pedophile" message(s) should have been taught how to use
remailers and how to maintain his privacy on the net so that, if he really
is the victim of some sort of random child stalker, it won't happen again.
There's no reason why any child should post to the net under their real name,
or why their messages should be traceable to their physical bodies. If we're
concerned about protecting kids from bad people who might reach them via the
net, we need to teach kids how to send untraceable and unreplyable messages;
how to send messages and do business on the net without allowing hostile
or unscrupulous people to track them down; and how to make good choices about revealing personal information only to people who have a good reason
to know it.
People who are the targets of abusive messages or are concerned about
abusive messages are some of the people who need remailers and need pro-privacy network tools the most. Giving in to a knee-jerk anti-privacy
reaction only reinforces the erroneous notion that security is created
by an enforced lack of privacy.

@_date: 1995-10-09 19:38:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: spam detector algorithm? 
I've been mulling over algorithmic/computational ways to spot spams
for some time now. I think I might've come up with a way to represent
messages (and compare representations) that would be useful to remailer
operators who don't want to let spams (where "spam" == many messages with
identical or very similar content) through their remailers. Any such technique will really only be useful at the last remailer in a chain, at
least until people start sending encrypted spams (and there doesn't seem to
be so much incentive for sending those). My proposed method is this: break the body of a message down into a list of
words (with their frequencies). Eliminate words in that list which aren't in the "standard dictionary" (which ideally will contain many of the words used
in the messages but doesn't need to have all of them). Alphabetize the list
of words which remain.  Plot a point in 3d space for each word in that list
where its X coordinate is its position in the alphabetized list, its Y
coordinate is its position in the dictionary, and its Z coordinate is its
frequency (of appearance in the original text). This should produce a curve which "describes" the original text; messages which use many of the same
words as the original (and don't use any new words) and have similar usage
counts should produce similar curves. My assumption (which needs some testing) is that even moderately intelligent
auto-spams (e.g., which assemble canned sentences into paragraphs or canned
paragraphs into messages) are going to be similar enough that they'll
eventually generate similar curves as other messages - the order in which
the words appear doesn't matter (and isn't preserved). I'm also assuming
that adding enough words to change the curve's shape would make the
resulting messages nonsensical or wierd enough that they're unlikely to
be useful for people who want their spams to get read. Evildoers solely
interested in generating volume without coherence can just quote libertarian/objectivist texts (ha, ha, just a joke for all of you people who keep slamming "commies") or pick words/characters at random. I'm assuming - and this may be an erroneous assumption - that it's feasible
to algorithmically describe and compare curves/lines in 3d space. My math
is weak and spotty, but I think that's college-level (high-school, even?)
math. It seems like one might compare equations which describe the curves for
similarity (e.g., one curve might be x=2y+1 (in 2d space) and another might be
x=2y+1.2, where "y=10" initially for each), and also compare the areas demarcated by the lines for similarity. My reason for including word frequency
as a third dimension is to dampen the effect of an intelligent spammer throwing in a few early "A" words (e.g., "aardvark abcess absolute") or "Z"
words to skew the curve.
Any thoughts about this? Interesting? Stupid? Like I said, my math is weak. My intention is to try to cobble up a 2d version of this to see how it runs
but I thought I'd see if anyone can point out why it can't work, or if it's
useful enough that someone with a better math background than I've got wants to take this idea somewhere better. One side effect to the deployment of spam detectors may be that the remailer
pinging services will need to move to using encrypted packets. It'd be possible for the remailer operators to identify and specially handle reliability measuring packets but that seems broken. Ideally, they should be
indistinguishable from ordinary remailer messages. At least until money is
involved, nobody's likely to give them special treatment - but even relatively
small charges for remailing would make it more attractive for a remailer
operator to try to skew the results of the pinging services so as to direct
more traffic to themselves (my remailer recently hit Raph's Top Three again
and that always brings a big traffic hit - it'll probably drop out again
pretty soon and things'll be slow again. If I was getting $.10 for every
message, though, I might care more about keeping it in the top 3.) My
initial plan would be to include code in a spam detector which simply
MD5's messages which don't seem to have identifiable words, and watches for
a repeat of those hashes in, say, the last 100 messages seen; this would
force someone who wants to send an encrypted spam (or uses a spam-detecting
remailer to reach a non-detecting remailer) from encrypting once and sending
1000 times; they'd have to encrypt 1000 times to send 1000 times, which may
be enough of a performance drain on them to make spamming less attractive. My impression is (speak up if I'm wrong) that requiring encryption for the
ping packets wouldn't be an enormous burden on the pinging services because
the new generation of software sends fewer pinging packets such that the
CPU time required isn't an issue.

@_date: 1995-10-23 21:48:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: PA Remailer Concerns 
Lee Tien writes;
Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, Title 18, Sections 910 and 3926. It's available on the web at - - the Westlaw version of the enacted bill is at "1995 PA S.B. 655 (SN)".

@_date: 1995-10-29 16:03:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Conference in Eugene, OR - 11/3 and 11/4 
One of the professors at the U of Oregon School of Law here in Eugene,
Keith Aoki, has put together what looks like a pretty good conference.
As far as I can tell, it's going to be something of a sleeper - lots of
good speakers, and probably not very many people in the audience who'll
be able to appreciate what they're seeing. Folks on the west coast interested in law and technology policy might do well to pop up to Eugene
for the weekend.
I've got limited floor space for people who need a place to crash and don't want to pony up the $ for a place in Eugene. (I'm in Springfield,
the redneck town across I-5 from Eugene - I'm about 15 mins from campus
by car, and can give folks a ride over if they're willing to stay for
the day.) Motel rooms ought to run between $30 and $80 per night in
Eugene, depending on whether or not knife marks on the headboard and the
smell of old cigarettes bothers you. :) Eugene is 2 hours (~ 110 miles) south of Portland on I-5 and 8 or 9
hours north of the Bay Area by car, up I-5. There's an airport here, so
it's possible to fly in - some rocket scientist planners put the airport
way north and west of anything interesting in town, though. The conference is Friday, November 3, and Saturday, November 4. Speakers
include (in no special order): John Perry Barlow
James Boyle
Rosemary Coombe
Steven Winter
Rudy Rucker
Tim Sloan
A. Michael Froomkin
Marc Rotenberg
Lee Tien
Cait Clarke
Gary Glisson
Rex Heinke
Eric Hughes
Matthew Ghourdjian
Benjamin Kaminash
Barry Schrader
Vibeke Sorenson
Dhruv Khann
Jerry Kang
Peter Jaszi
Jessica Litman
David Peterson
Brian Stine
Alfred Yen
Richard Stallman
James Love
Pamela Samuelson
Jerry Berman
Shari Steele
E. Wally Van Valkenburg
Margaret Chon
Folks who want to stay with me (you should be at least dog-tolerant)
or who want help getting picked up at the airport/finding a motel/whatever
are welcome to give me a call (503 744 2713) or send E-mail.
I think there's some charge to get in (not for law students, so I haven't
been especially attentive to it) but Keith said that we can probably waive
that if folks are interested and can't pay. If that sounds like a problem,
send mail, and I'll see if I can get him to issue some Cypherpunk passes.
(The idea is to extract $ from working attorneys without scaring away interested non-attorneys.) It ought to be quite a conference. By all means, if you can make it, come on up (or down).

@_date: 1995-09-07 01:31:22
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: University logging mail to anon.penet 
With respect to logging of student traffic, I'd look at the Family Education Rights Privacy Act ("Buckley Amendment", 20 USC 1232g) and
the California analog to it (assuming one exists; Oregon's is located
at OAR 571-20-005, et seq.). The release of information about individual
students beyond "directory information" (e.g., name, dates of attendance,
degrees granted, etc) is sharply limited without the consent of the
student. Information about mail traffic sent and received is, IMHO,
arguably (but not clearly) within "educational records" for FERPA purposes. To establish a Buckley Amendment violation (and I'm not saying there
was one here) you'll still need to find a University employee to pin
the disclosure on. If it's a University employee who posted them to
the newsgroup, it's easy. If the University employee merely maintained
those records in a place where an outsider was able to easily gain access to them, it seems like a bigger stretch. I had occasion to talk with a relatively high-level administrator in
the University of Oregon's computer center some time ago and he
explained that they've had to go to some trouble to make sure that
gopher/WWW directories and other contemporary university computing
practices don't fall afoul of the Buckley Amendment. Perhaps the
powers that be at other places aren't quite so forward-thinking (or don't have the questionable benefit of being next door to a
building full of law students with time on their hands). Perhaps an even longer stretch would be an argument that the practice
of logging (and of keeping those logs in an insecure place) violates
students (and others') right to privacy. Federal protection for a
"right of privacy" is fickle, but California protects its citizens'
right to privacy in its constitution.
(I'm not an attorney (yet), don't live in California (right now) and
consequently don't know much about CA law. So please think about this
message as maybe a hint in (I hope) a useful direction, not necessarily
the right answer. Feh.)
This concrete issue seems like a good reminder of the implications of
the way that we think about "cyberspace" and the things that happen when we use computers. If one thinks about a machine or a network as
"public space", logging or reporting activities which happen there
(e.g., Alice walks over to visit Bob, leaving footprints everyone can
see in /var/adm/syslog) seems reasonable or at least not offensive,
and it seems silly to talk about being angry because someone wrote down
what everyone could see. But if we think about machines and networks
as being private space, reporting on what Alice and Bob do seems
tacky and rude at best, and horrifying (and likely to create liability)
at the other end of the spectrum. As much as I dislike the "cyberspace" metaphor, its use or misuse has serious consequences.

@_date: 1995-09-09 00:44:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Scientology/Wollersheim as test case for key disclosure 
Well, since it's (apparently) a civil case against Wollersheim, the potential Fifth Amendment self-incrimination issues may be murkier, so this may not be a good test case for the criminal context. In federal civil
trials, material reasonably likely to lead to the discovery of admissible
evidence is discoverable unless there's an applicable privilege - this
means that in a civil case, a defendant may be forced to hand over material
likely to expose them to liabilty. (The Fifth Amendment privilege against
criminal self-incrimination still applies).
I'm not sure that key disclosure will even be necessary - the Church
(or whatever annoying tentacle of it is suing Wollersheim) is entitled
to, for example, "a copy of . . . all documents, data compilations, and
tangible things in the possession, custody, or control of the party
that are relevant to disputed facts alleged with particularity in the pleadings" (Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(1)(B)). I don't see why
Wollersheim couldn't comply with the discovery rules by providing plaintext copies of all relevant information, unless for some reason
the passphrase is itself relevant.

@_date: 1995-09-10 00:07:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Internet commerce mtg, Denver 
While he's correct that publishers of data compilations do use
dummy entries to track [mis]use of their data, he's incorrect when
he asserts that it's possible to get a copyright on an ordinary
white-pages style directory. (_Feist v. Rural Telephone_, 499 US 340
(1991),  ).
This practice occurs when mailing lists are sold, and in the drafting of maps (non-existent streets or sections of streets may
be added, or changed in an unremarkable way). It's also possible (and getting easier with laser printers, etc) to
generate apparently indentical but distinguishable documents for
use where disclosure of the documents is controlled; the distinguishing
parts (perhaps a misspelled word or other apparent typo, or a change
in line spacing between paragraphs, or altered line breaks) can then
be used to trace a recovered "leaked" document to the person who
received it originally. Where the documents are digital (or
digitizable), two or recipients could collude to 'diff' their copies, and find the barium data; but a savvy document-distributor
could generate copies with multiple ID-bits, such that any two copies
might have differences between the two, but barium data that's the
same yet different from the other participants. So those two colluders round up a third recipient [...] It's basically a form of
very-low-bandwidth text-only steganography.  Of course, we're wandering into FAQ territory; isn't there something
in the Cyphernomicon about digital signatures for physical items being used as proof of source? (e.g., you'll know that the expensive
motorcycle part you just bought really *is* from Harley-Davidson,
not a cheaper part placed in a knockoff Harley box)

@_date: 1995-09-10 22:05:43
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: question about reputation 
Well, long term he won't be able to keep it - what will he do when Alice
starts charging for her services? He can charge more than she does, and
they'll have equivalent "accuracy ratings" but Alice will provide her
services more cheaply - or he can stop asking Alice and make up his own
answers (or not answer) and his repuation will drop quickly. While I admit that I'd be pissed off if I were Alice, Mallet isn't
really harming her - she gets business at the rate she's established.
If Mallet's customers and Alice's don't overlap (maybe Mallet speaks/
writes in a different language, or has different friends) then it's
arguable that Mallet is doing Alice a favor. If Mallet continues to
purchase answers from Alice (even if he charges his customers more)
his reputation isn't really false, if you think of it as meaning
"can provide good answers to questions" versus "can figure out good
answers to questions by himself". More proactively, Alice might choose to publish the questions and answers publically (the customers are, after all, anonymous,
and only revealing as much about themselves as they'd reveal to an
unknown party - Alice could sanitize the questions of identifying
facts even further, if appropriate) - this would prove her aptitude (or lack thereof) to a wider audience, and Mallet's customers could
notice that she was providing answers to their questions (how did
she know of their questions?) before Mallet does. Alice could also choose to answer questions for free, but only to
named and well-known parties with good reputations. This is a standard trick for new consultants/businesses - work cheap or free
for a person or business that comes in contact with many people or
gets lots of publicity. Cochran, Shapiro, et al could make a fortune
from the Simpson trial even if they didn't charge OJ a dime - people charged with serious crimes will be calling them for years to
come because of their media exposure. If Alice is paranoid, the well-known party could post a bond with an escrow agent, to be returned when they posted a public evaluation of Alice's services. This "man-in-the-middle attack" is called, variously, arbitrage or
capitalism. :) You've rediscovered Marx' surplus value theory of
labor. (shh, don't say any more, or someone will say we're using
language wrong.)

@_date: 1995-09-16 13:16:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: C-punks, marketing for the masses 
No disrespect intended, but I think that the various "let's sanitize
the Cypherpunk message for mass acceptance" marketing/soundbite proposals are pointless. Cypherpunks is a mailing list, not a political
party (or a platform). - From my perspective, the organizing meme for the list is not "strong
crypto is really important, so let's write some and lobby our lawmakers
to make sure it stays legal" but "strong crypto is here and is changing
the dynamics of force, politics, and power, so let's see what we can do with it."
(And no, I don't think it's important to spread that "meme" (a term
I use with some trepidation) around to get "market share" for it.
Ideas are not football teams nor initiative proposals.)
I appreciate and support and have participated in various write-yer-
legislator activities. They're useful short-term. But if Tim May and
Duncan Frissell and the other list members who've dared to make predictions
about the impact of crypto on government and economics are correct,
what the government and the legislators want doesn't matter. If they're
wrong, what we want doesn't matter.

@_date: 1995-09-16 13:17:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. 
I know of three ways to get software:
1. Write it yourself.
2. Pay someone else to write it.
3. Find software someone else wrote that meets your needs.
If (3) isn't working, perhaps you should try (1) or (2). (I've been "calling for" a big house with a hot tub for years now.
Still no progress. I'll let you know if it works out.)

@_date: 1995-09-16 22:22:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Commercial Mixmaster 
People don't use Julf's source code. People use the services provided
by Julf's remailer, which runs Julf's source. Trusting anon.penet is
relatively simple (conceptually) because the author, distributor, and
user of the remailer code (where user = remailer operatror) are all
the same person. I would be less likely to trust Julf if I thought he
was running software he received (through unknown distribution channels,
from an unknown author) as an executable without source.
I trust Julf because (a) he seems to be a decent/trustworthy person,
and (b) because I think he has enough information available to him
to be sure that his system doesn't have intentional back doors nor
glaring unintentional ones. If only one of (a) and (b) were true,
I'd trust anon.penet.fi a lot less. I've seen messages from people who refuse to use ViaCrypt PGP because
they can't see the source. I own a copy because I don't want to worry
about licensing when I use it in a commercial context and because I
don't think Phil would have been associated with it if the binaries
distributed weren't free of known weaknesses different from those
document with the freeware PGP or otherwise discloses. My inclination is to feel the same way about distributions of Mixmaster. If Lance is willing to sign the code which is shipped,
my hunch is that there's nothing tricky going on. If Lance disappears,
and the purchaser turns out to be unknown, I dunno if I'd run it before someone trusted had disassembled it (or someone liberated
the source code) and it was inspected and found to be clean.
[I think it's useful to continue beating the almost-dead horse of
the marketing of Mixmaster because I suspect that the anonymous
purchaser of Mixmaster subscribes to the list, and is thereby
aware of what potential remailer operators and remailer users
are going to like, and not like.]
It's safer still to use a system which doesn't keep logs and has otherwise taken steps to minimize inadvertent data leakage. (Imagine
me mentioning here all of the by now tiresome ideas about thermite,
degaussers, low-level-formats of the HD, etc, etc. Please, please,
let's not start that thread again for at least 6 months.) I'm not sure that there are any special lawyer tricks to stop the
execution of a search/seizure warrant. An attorney may help you
keep items found out of court later. I suppose it'd be possible, if
the cops were cooperative and the attorney immediately available and
the magistrage/judge who signed the warrant was immediately available to try to stop the execution of the warrant, but that seems
pretty far-fetched. I've been reading a lot of search & seizure
cases lately for work and haven't seen anything like this mentioned,
ever. If anyone's got a cite for "how to stop a warrant search &
seizure in progress", please pass it along. I'm sure my boss (and
his clients) would be interested.
