
@_date: 2001-06-18 17:15:20
@_author: robbin stewart 
@_subject: Ex-GOP senator's wife pleads to email attack campaign 
Matt, Declan, thanks for bringing this to my attention.
It's worse than it looks at first.  The prosecutor isn't claiming the content of the message was untrue, but that using a "katie" psuedonym was the falsity making the messages criminal.
I don't keep up on minnesota politics too well. Was the fall election close, and did the publicity around the case have much impact?
It's fairly unusual for an incumbent senator to lose.
I just noticed that this was a -federal- election.  Therefor any minnesota statutes on this topic are preempted by the FECA (441a or d or something.)
Arguably, what we have here is a case where the balance of the US Senate was shifted because of an illegal conspiracy to violate the civil rights of the (future) wife of a senator, by charging her under a statute which is unconstitutional as applied to her, as well as probably unconstitutional per se, under the minnesota constitution and McIntyre.
[There would also be a malicious prosecution issue.]
I detect the presence of my old nemisis J Bradley King, currently the director of the Minn. election division.  I will try to contact Samuelson, the ACLU guy mentioned in the article, before assuming the articles cited got all the facts right.
As Matt mentioned, I have a small practice based in Indiana which monitors and litigates about anonymous election speech on the net.
I would be eager to follow up on this case.
My bottleneck is that I don't have cocounsel for states other than Indiana - I welcome solutions to this problem.
More info at In-Reply-To>Matt: That's a good point, and I should have highlighted it in my article.
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-06-18 18:02:36
@_author: robbin stewart 
@_subject: Ex-GOP senator's wife pleads to email attack campaign 
Hi Declan. Er, yes, the state probably appears to be claiming that.
The statute has a McIntyre-derived exception for people who spend less than $300 and act as lone gunm...pampleteers.  This is an intentional misreading of McIntyre as applying only to little old ladies in tennis shoes. Instead, the ohio statute, including the part applying to candidates, was found facially invalid. See Griset, 1999, and/or
Stewart v Taylor ( under cases.)
Chandler v Georgia established that candidates for public office don't waive the rights they have as citizens, to be free from warrantless piss-testing (in that case) or from being threatened with jail for using a hotmail account (in this one.)
Unfortunately, in McIntyre the court used the term "narrowly tailored", so election authorities, acting in bad faith, have been inserting exceptions (the little old lady exception, the skywriting exception, the vote for smith exception, etc.) and then claiming their version is more narrowly tailored, and thus distinguishable. This becomes an annual event, so my job becomes sissiph....becomes frustrating. On the one hand, I have full employment for life, on the other the conspiracy to benevolently censor online election speech is able to continue its
progrom even while losing most of the cases.
I have found very little in the way of support from the online
community as to using these election cases for establishing a general principle that online speech is protected by state and federal free speech Instead, most of the case law on our side has come from the ACLU's "indecency" cases.
I've been banging my head against a wall on this theme for about three years now, but I'm reaching a point where I'll need some kind of institutional support or will have to go back to having a day job and just do this as a hobby.  My bottleneck is that I don't know how to line up cocounsel in the 30-some states that need to be sued over this.
Cordially, robbin
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
