
@_date: 2007-11-24 03:16:13
@_author: Gohsuke Takama 
@_subject: [IP] Re:  2 on  fingerprinting in Japan 
for IP, if you wish.
as an advisory member of Privacy International, I'd like to inform  here that Privacy International sent a letter below to Japan's  Ministry of Justice which manages immigration process on Nov 19,  regarding to recent start of fingerprint scanning and digitized facial  picture taking at the immigration. 68 organizations from 30 countries  endorsed this letter reflected the issue was containing much broader  problems, not just for foreigners visiting or living in Japan.
BTW if you compare the US-VISIT and the Japanese system, you would  notice the similarity of both and would wonder who did system  Gohsuke Takama
The Rt Honourable Kunio Hatoyama
Minister of Justice
1-1-1 Kasumigaseki
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
November 19, 2007
Dear Minister Hatoyama
Regarding plans to fingerprint and face-scan all visitors to Japan
We, the undersigned human rights and civil liberties groups from  around the world are writing to you to express our grave concerns  regarding the Ministry of Justice's imminent implementation of the  Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act.
We believe that your plans to fingerprint and face-scan foreign- residents and visitors to Japan are a gross and disproportionate  infringement upon civil liberties, copying the most ineffective,  costly and risky practices on border management from around the world.
We respectfully call on you to reconsider your plans to implement this  system. We also call on you to explain to the world why potential  visitors should travel to your country and face these inconveniences  when you have done so little to explain the nature of this human  processing. We believe it is likely that the implementation of this  system will create a negative impact on your tourism industry and on  the flow of foreign workers to Japan, thus hurting Japan's economy and  in turn giving rise to possible claims of Japanese isolationism.
According to your plans for Immigration Control:
"In order to detect and oust, at the border, terrorists or foreign  nationals who have been deported from Japan or committed crimes, one  effective method is to further enhance measures against forged and  falsified documents and to utilize biometrics in immigration  In order to take facial portraits and fingerprint data during landing  examinations of foreign nationals under the bAction Plan for  Prevention of Terrorismb (as adopted at the Headquarters for  Promotion of Measures Against Transnational Organized Crime and Other  Relative Issues and International Terrorism on December 10, 2004),  necessary preparations will be made by putting in order points for us  to keep in mind, observing relevant measures taken by foreign  countries and developing relevant law."
It has come to our attention that you plan to implement this system  within a matter of weeks that you will face-scan and fingerprint all  visitors to Japan and retain this information for an extended period  of time (some reports claim that you intend to do so for up to 80  years), and combine this data with other sources of personal  Infringing upon the Right to Privacy
Your plans are in breach of individuals' human rights, and in  particular, their right to privacy. The right to privacy is recognized  specifically by numerous international human rights treaties. The  Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognises the right to privacy  under Article 12. Similar language is adopted in the International  Covenant on Civil and Political Rights under Article 17, the United  Nations (UN) Convention on Migrant Workers in Article 14, and the UN  Convention on the Rights of the Child under Article 16. We note that  the Japanese Supreme Court has recognized the right to privacy under  Article 13 of the Japanese Constitution.
Your system proposes to indiscriminately collect sensitive personal  information from all foreign travellers. This mass project for the  processing of human beings is tantamount to treating all visitors to  your country as though they were criminals.
We are surprised by the lack of information regarding proposed  safeguards and appeal methods. Instead we hear rhetoric about the  importance of combating terrorism and threats to force the return of  anyone who fails to comply with this new requirement.
This is particularly worrisome because Japan's privacy laws are  regarded as weak by international standards. We note that Japan has to  some extent applied international standards such as the OECD's Privacy  Guidelines into two recent privacy laws. The law that covers  commercial entities partially follows international standards, yet the  law that applies to the use and sharing of data held by government  agencies is very weak. This decreases our confidence that your  government has the necessary accountability structures to collect such  vast amounts of personal information.
The protection of human rights is at its weakest when individuals are  waiting for entry at the border of a foreign country. Traditionally,  governments afforded respect to visitors from other nations on the  basis of reciprocity: if you treat one nation's citizens with respect  that nation's government will treat yours similarly. Japan is showing  a remarkable level of disrespect to the dignity of tourists and  foreign business travellers by collecting detailed information on  them, in an indiscriminate manner as a condition of entry, with no  promise of safeguards, or any means of appeal.
We also note that the Japanese Government previously criticised  systems such as the one you are about to implement. In 2002 at a  meeting of the International Civil Aviation Organisation the Japanese  delegation stated that "the Japanese people are saddened by the  approach of the United States", and the delegation could not  understand "why the United States can not longer trust Japanese  citizens" and that the unilateral use of biometrics will have a  negative impact on the 17 million Japanese that visit the U.S. every  year. We are surprised by this turn of events and opinion.
A Complex and Risky System
The collection of all this personal information and its centralisation  into databases will create privacy risks, and will also lead to likely  security risks.
We believe that Japan is making a grave mistake by following the path  forged by the United States of America with its US-VISIT programme.  Until the implementation of your system, the U.S. was alone in the  world in fingerprinting and face-scanning all visitors and retaining  this information for vast periods of time. Years into their programme  it is clear that the U.S. should serve as a cautionary tale rather  than as an example of best practice.
The US-VISIT system was approved in a similar manner to the Japanese  system. That is, it was approved through a highly political  environment with little public debate or policy deliberation. In the  U.S., the government relied on its rhetoric about fighting terrorism  and crime rather than careful policy development and deployment. Now,  years later, the US-VISIT system is finally receiving some of its much  needed oversight, and the reality of advanced border systems is  becoming clear. According to U.S. Government reports, we now know that:
system has been delivered.
defined, planned, or justified on the basis of costs, benefits, and  risks", lacking "a sufficient basis for effective program oversight  and accountability".
without a clearly defined operational context that includes explicit  relationships with related border security and immigration enforcement  operational problems were insufficient and inconsistently  administered" and thus "continues to face longstanding US-VISIT  management challenges and future uncertainties" as it continues to  "fall short of expectations".
project managers have failed to "economically justify its investment  in US-VISIT increments or assess their operational impacts", "had not  assessed the impact of the entry and exit capabilities on operations  and facilities, in part, because the scope of the evaluations  performed were too limited."
risk that unauthorized individuals could read, copy, delete, add, and  modify sensitive information, including personally identifiable  information, and disrupt the operations of the US-VISIT program."  According to the chairman of the U.S. Senate Homeland Security  Committee, Senator Joseph Lieberman, the U.S. government "is spending  $1.7 billion of taxpayer money on a program to detect potential  terrorists crossing our borders yet it isn't taking the most basic  precautions to keep them from hacking into and changing or deleting  sensitive information."
It is therefore of little surprise that the U.S. border systems  occasionally fail. On a number of occasions the U.S. border systems  have broken down resulting in thousands of people being forced to wait  until the system problems could be resolved. For instance, in August  2007, 20,000 travellers were left stranded at Los Angeles airport,  with visitors spending the night on the airport floors and planes  prevented from even coming into the gates for passengers (both  citizens and visitors) to de-plane because the airport was overwhelmed.
More stories are emerging from around the world where weak security  protocols have made personal information held on visa databases widely  available to the public and potential identity thieves, and where  fingerprint mismatches have lead to gross injustices. Without  competent planning and care, visitors to Japan have no reason to be  confident that the personal information that they are forced to  disclose will be adequately protected by your system.
Towards Effective Border Management?
Japan should be careful not to follow the U.S. lead. Recent surveys  have shown that the U.S. is now rated as the worst place to visit  because of its immigration and entry procedures, followed by the  Middle East.
There are better ways of greeting visitors to your country than  treating tourists and business travelers as though they were  terrorists. There are privacy-friendly ways of identifying criminals  at borders without invading the privacy of all visitors and making  them vulnerable to identity theft through the leakage of data from  your systems.
For instance, border officials could verify passports against the  INTERPOL list of lost and stolen passports from around the world.  Remarkably so few countries actually do this. It would be a far more  effective and proportionate solution.
Even this step must be made with great care as errors are still likely  which will inhibit the flow of travellers. As an example, in a test of  1.9 million passport records collected over 16 days by U.S. border  officials, 273 documents were identified as stolen documents.  Eventually however, 219 cases were cleared and 64 remained unresolved.  As with any watchlist program, clear oversight and accountability  structures must be established to allow for the necessary appeals  against erroneous data. We have already seen numerous problems with  the U.S. watchlists wrongly flagging innocent individuals as  terrorists, growing out of control with serious integrity problems. We  expect that any system your government implements will likely give  rise to similar problems.
In our experiences, technological systems fail most when they do not  receive adequate policy deliberation. We also believe that immigration  policy is a complex domain that rarely attracts the necessary  attention and deliberative care that it deserves. Your plans to  fingerprint and face-scan every visitor to your country appears to  exemplify this risk. It is unfortunate that we could not offer our  views earlier but your consultation was only conducted in the Japanese  Your plans will damage Japan's standing in the world, making a  wonderful and beautiful country less inviting to tourists, and will  unnecessarily hurt Japan's role as a global economic leader. If  serious changes to your plans are not made, we worry that individuals  who are concerned about the privacy and security of their personal  information will avoid travel to Japan.
Please reconsider your plans. Also, please note, that if you move down  this path, other governments may well follow and will start  fingerprinting your own citizens on the grounds that you do it to  theirs. These systems will likely be as complex, risky and insecure as  yours. This is not the type of world that you, your citizens or we  would like to live in.
Yours sincerely,
Privacy International
Action on Rights for Children (UK)
APC Africa Women (Africa)
APC.au (Australia)
ArabDev (Egypt)
Asian Coalition for Housing Rights (Japan)
Association For Progressive Communications (International)
Associazione per la Liberta` nella Comunicazione Elettronica  Interattiva (Italy) ATTAC Japan (Japan)
Australian Privacy Foundation (Australia)
AZUR Developpement (Congo)
Big Brother Awards (France)
Bluelink (Bulgaria)
British Columbia Civil Liberties Association (Canada)
BytesForAll.org (South Asia)
Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic (Canada)
Colnodo (Colombia)
Community Education Computer Society (South Africa)
Digital Rights (Denmark)
Digital Rights Ireland Electronic Frontier Finland (Finland)
Electronic Frontier Foundation (US)
Electronic Privacy Information Center (US)
European Digital Rights (EU)
Fantsuam Foundation (Nigeria)
Focus on the Global South (Asia)
Foundation for Information Policy Research (FIPR)
Foundation For Media Alternatives (Philippines)
GreenNet (UK)
Greenspider (Hungary)
Index on Censorship (International)
International Civil Liberties Monitoring Group (International)
International Movement Against All Forms of Discrimination and Racism  International Solidarity Action of the Have-Nots (Japan)
IRIS - Imaginons un reB4seau Internet solidaire (France)
Iuridicum Remedium (Czech Republic)
Japan Computer Access for Empowerment (Japan)
Japan Lawyers Network for Refugees (Japan)
Jinbonet (South Korea)
Joint Labor Union of Christian Offices and Businesses (Japan)
Laneta (Mexico)
Network Against JUKINET(Japan)
Networkers against Surveillance Task-force (Japan)
Netzwerk Neue Medien (Germany)
No2ID (UK)
NODO Tau (Argentina)
OneWorld Platform South West Europe (Bosnia-Herzegovina)
Open Rights Group (UK)
Peace Boat (Japan)
Peace Not War Japan (Japan)
People's Coalition against Wiretapping Law and Organized Crime Law  People's Plan Study Group(PPSG) (Japan)
PINCH! Against War and Surveillance (Japan)
Privacy Journal (US)
RITS - Information Network for the Third Sector (Brazil)
San'ya Welfare Center for Day-Laborers' Association (Japan)
Sex Worker and Sexual Health (Japan)
Solidarity Network with Migrants Japan (Japan)
Statewatch (UK)
StrawberryNet (Romania)
Swiss Association to Defend Fundamental Rights (Switzerland)
Swiss Internet User Group (Switzerland)
Ungana Afrika (Africa)
VOICE (Bangladesh)
Wamani (Argentina)
WiLAC (Uruguay)
WomensNet (South Africa)
At 8:28 PM -0500 11.22.07:
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
