
@_date: 1997-08-13 22:21:22
@_author: gturk@concentric.net 
@_subject: A peculiar notion 
The North would never have accepted the withdrawal, because it would have
meant the North's economic demise. 'The name of our federation is not Consolidated States, but United States.
 A number of States held together by coercion, or the point of a bayonet,
would not be a Union.  Union is necessarily voluntary -- the act of
choice, free association.  Nor can this voluntary system be changed to one
of force without the destruction of "The Union"... A Union of States
necessarily implies separate sovereignties, voluntarily acting together.
And to bruise these distinct sovereignties into one mass of power is,
simply, to destroy the Union -- to overthrow our system of government.' --
Judge Abel P. Upshur in "The Federal Government: Its True Nature and
Character", 1840.
In other words, the Union characterized by free choice, voluntary
association and other libertarian concepts was replaced during the Civil
War by a subtly despotic "Union" under Lincoln.

@_date: 1997-08-21 23:40:27
@_author: gturk@concentric.net 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
You must be referring to the Cult of Redistribution.
"A Fatal Tendency of Mankind
"Self-preservation and self-development are common aspirations among all
people.  And if everyone enjoyed the unrestricted use of his faculties and
the free disposition of the fruits of his labor, social progress would be
ceaseless, uninterrupted, and unfailing.
"But there is also another tendency that is common among people.  When
they can, they wish to live and prosper at the expense of others.  This is
no rash accusation.  Nor does it come from a gloomy and uncharitable
spirit.  The annals of history bear witness to the truth of it: the
incessant wars, mass migrations, religious persecutions, universal
slavery, dishonesty in commerce, and monopolies.  This fatal desire has
its origin in the very nature of man -- in that primitive, universal, and
insuppressible instinct that impels him to satisfy his desires with the
least possible pain."

@_date: 1997-08-23 00:50:12
@_author: gturk@concentric.net 
@_subject: My Vague Wording (Re: Rants by Zooko about Emotionally Stunted Men) 
Unfortunately, expressing one's views in public creates the possibility
for one's own words to be misinterpreted by others, whether intentionally
or by a simple misunderstanding.
FYI, my reference to "socio-economic cults", originally in the Subject:
line of my post, was not meant as a characterization of the members of the
Cypherpunks list.  I was using the phrase to refer to any of a number of
-isms regarding the redistribution of property against the consent of the
creators/owners of the property.  For that reason (among others) I
included the quote from Bastiat, but perhaps I did not make the point
clear enough.
Sorry for the confusion.

@_date: 1997-09-23 04:53:03
@_author: gturk@concentric.net 
@_subject: The politics of problem playing with our constitutional rights 
Give the people what they want.
Use hashcash, or even better, digital cash of your chosen currency.
It costs 32 cents to mail a first class letter.  Is it worth paying that to send an anonymous email through a chain of a dozen remailers using a Eudora plug-in, or a java applet?  For some people it is, if it's made easy to do.
If a thousand people used it each day, that would mean $320 every 24 hours, or $116,800 a year to be divided up amongst the 12 remailer operators.  Similar possibilities exist for remailer pinging services and nymservers.
Why not rewrite Windows?  Call it Secured Windows (or S/Win).  Features might include:
Initially S/Win would be useful for emerging ecommerce businesses, and also companies and individuals handling sensitive data (i.e., accountants, lawyers, etc.).  As ecommerce begins to evolve, people doing high-value transactions (like buying stocks and other financial instruments) will want to know they aren't getting bogus stock ticker prices (a la IP-spoofing) so
they don't unintentionally "sell the farm" at the wrong moment.
Maybe it's a crazy idea to rewrite Windows, but seeing as so many people are familiar with it already, why not make it more useful/better/secure?  When the majority of computer owners realize that their emoney transactions can be compromised on an unsecure platform like Windows, they will demand a "product" like S/Win.  After all, what good is your personal Verisign certificate (a public key) -- not to mention SET -- if the corresponding signing/authentication (secret) key can be swiped off your computer by a malicious Active X control along with the keystroke sequence of your "It sucks being a control freak during an information revolution."
