
@_date: 1993-04-17 06:27:41
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: History of Gov. Telecom Interception 
Last year Oxford press published a book called
how governments, esp. the British have used "backdoors" into
coded messages to watch/listen/read messages.
At one time the British has a strangle hold on world wide telegram
service. They made very strong claims that they would never read
their clients (often other governments) mail, but instead went
to detailed and expensive measures to insure that in fact they
The IBSN # is :0-19-506273-6
We should read this book (I have) so in the up coming debate on
the Clipper, we can frame the Clipper in the rich historical context
it deserves to be placed in.

@_date: 1993-04-17 06:32:53
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Big Brother: Post Filtering the Clipper 
Some posters have speculated that it might be possible to get
a phone, swap it with someone else, and then the feds would not
be able to get the correct key-pair.
An other poster assumed that each clipper chip would send out some
sort of Clipper-ID in plain-text before and/or during and/or after
a session.
Which causes me to further speculate that it may be possible to filter
out these plain text messages. (They are probally built in to the
exchange of keys ritual and so can't be filtered out without
preventing the Clipper to do it thing...).
If they can be filter, filtering them may either be an out right
criminal act or be considered probally cause for a warrent to determine
why you are filtering them out, etc.

@_date: 1993-04-17 06:40:08
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Big Brother: Easy to Break 
I recall having a conversation at the Boston ExI meeting, talking
about super computers and how fast they could break small keys
(like 80  bits).
I think it was carlf, and I don't recall the exact estimate given,
it I think it was on the order of several hours to several days for
a fast connection machine class super computer to break such a key
by brute force.
The NSA certainly has plenty of fast machines, and I assume they will
be able to break any clipper based encryption routinely.
Certainly as 64-bit, high speed multiprocessors come on line in the
next few years it will be easier and easier for even us plain folks
to break such keys (although I sure not a simple task).
With NSA having the algorithim and access to perhaps at least half
the key or perhaps some little bit of "known text" that clippper puts
into each message to make it easier to do a known text attack on
someone's clipper encoded message, we can assume that the escrowed
keys are at best a ruse...

@_date: 1993-04-17 06:47:32
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Big Brother: Public Escrow is Needed 
All the talk about Escrowing of keys by sepeerate agencies is all
well and good.
However, to be really secure, the computer system they reside on, and
all access to it, must be in some way very public and very very limited.
The public needs to know that at least one of the key-pairs, can in
no we be retrieved except through some very public process. That
law enforcement or some cracker doesn't have some back order into
teh Escrowed Key Server...
As as somebody else pointed out, once my key is know ALL my communication
is now "OPEN." Not just what they got a warrent for.
Thus, the actual opening of my "mail/voice/etc" should be done in more,
again very public place, so they my key-pair (and the cost of replacing
it if the warrent is unfounded) is kept secure and never in the hands
of any person or agency.
In other words, I don't want my key-pair sitting in a non-secured database,
to re-used latter (with or without a warrent.)
If the key-pair is turned over to someone/agency and I am not found
quilty or indicted, etc. I need to be told so I can change my keys,
or even have the government pay me for this cost as they have un lawfully
taken the value of my Clipper based device away from me.

@_date: 1993-04-17 06:49:42
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Big Brother: Unlawful Taking 
I think the gov. involvement in the Clipper is an unlawful taking
against anyone else who has made an investment in selling encryption.
RSA, for example. These people should sue the government to talking
this multi-billion dollar business away from them.

@_date: 1993-04-17 12:41:41
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Brief review of "The Invisible Weapon." 
Hope this is close enough:
The Invisible Weapon.
Telecommunications and International Politics (1851-1945)
By Daniel R. Headrick, Prof. of History and Social Sciences at
Roosevelt University, author of "The Tools of the Empire" and "The
Tentacles of Progress."
Copyright 1991 Oxford University Press, Inc.
ISBN: 0-19-506273-6
1. Telecommunications - History
2. Telecommunications - Political aspects - History
3. Telecommunications - Military aspects  - History
4. World Politics -- 1900 - 1945
5. World Politics -- 19th century
"A vital instrument of power, telecommunications
is and always has been a profoundly political technology. In "The
Invisible Weapon," Headrick examines the political history of
telecommunications from the mid-nineteenth century to the end of world
war II, and illustrates how this technology gave nations a new
instrument for international relations.
Headrick's discusses the political aspects of information technology in
modern history. He shows how telegraphy created conflicts in far-flung
empires which hastened the deterioration of diplomacy on the brink
of the first world war; increased the political interest in controlling
news; and how the security of telecommunications made communications
strategy, communications intelligence, and cryptography decisive tools
during the two world wars."
This book is of interest to be because it details all of the positive
accepts of why a government "needs" to know everything that is
telecommunicated everywhere it can. Even more importantly is shows how
the British government routinely intercepted communications sent through
British owned telecommunications infrastructure despite publicly
claiming they would never do such a thing.
It also shows how interception "hastened the deterioration of
The Chapters:
1. Telecommunications and International relations
2. The New Technology
3. The Expansion of the World Cable Network, 1866-1895
4. Telegraphy and Imperialism in the Late Nineteenth Century
5. Crisis at the Turn of the Century, 1895-1901
6. The Great Powers and the Cable Crisis, 1900-1913
7. The Beginnings of Radio, 1895 - 1914
8. Cables and Radio in World war I
9. Communications Intelligence in World War I
10. Conflicts and Settlements, 1919 - 1923
11. Technological Upheavals and Commercial Rivalries, 1924 - 1939
12. Communications Intelligence in World War II
13. The War at Sea
14. The Changing of the Guard
15. Telecommunications, Information, and Security

@_date: 1993-04-17 20:06:37
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Even more 
csspab is the first name on the clipper list it expands as follows:
Trying 129.6.48.199 ...
Connected to mail-gw.ncsl.nist.gov.
Escape character is '^]'.
220 mail-gw.ncsl.nist.gov sendmail 4.1/rbj/jck-3 ready at Sat, 17 Apr 93 23:04:29 EDT
250-Bill Colvin 250-John Kuyers 250-Eddie Zeitler 250-Cris Castro 250

@_date: 1993-04-17 20:52:37
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Big Brother: True Names 
Here are some background I was able to gather about those
people on the csspab at mail-gw.ncsl.nist.gov, who had accounts
directly on that machine.
Eddie Zeitler is vice president of information security for Fidelity
Investment Corp. He used to work for Pacific National Bank, Glendale,
Cris Castro is director of information security programs at SRI
Bill Colvin is NASA Inspector General
John Kuyers is Ernst & Young's Dallas-based regional director of
information systems auditing

@_date: 1993-04-17 21:25:38
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: More True Names: The NIST Security Board 
The csspub mailing list: csspab at mail-gw.ncsl.nist.gov,
and address on the clipper mailing list, seems to contain
basically the members of the NIST security board.
In addition to the names already posted, their true names are as
burrows at ecf = James Burrows a director of NIST's National Computer
Systems Laboratory
mcnulty at ecf = F. Lynn McNulty an associate director for computer
security at the National Institute of Standards and Technology's
Computer Systems Laboratory
Gangemi at dockmaster.ncsc.mil = Gaetano Gangemi is director of the
 Computer
Security Basics by Deborah Russell and G. T.  Gangemi, Sr. -1991,
O'Reilly and Associates
slambert at cgin.cto.citicorp.com = Sandra Lambert is vice-president of
information security at Citibank, N.A.
lipner at mitre.org = Lipner is Mitre Corp.'s director of information
gallagher at dockmaster.ncsc.mil = Patrick Gallagher, director of the
National Security Agency's National Computer Security Center and a
security board member
walker at tis.com = Stephen Walker a computer security expert and
president of Trusted Information Systems, Inc. in Glenwood, Md
willis at rand.org = Willis H.  Ware a the Rand Corp.  executive who
chairs the security board.
whitehurst at vnet.ibm.com = William Whitehurst is a security board
member and director of IBM Corp.'s data security programs.

@_date: 1993-04-18 05:29:13
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Media Blitz: May ourselves available 
If there is going to me some kind of media blitz then we
have to put some of ourselves forward as "experts" for
the media to interview. Tim May, John Gilmore, come to mind.
Any of us that are clean shaven and wear suits, etc. would
also make good spoke-folks

@_date: 1993-04-18 05:50:09
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: The mysterious mailing list (fwd) 
There have been reports about a mailing list set-up at NIST that had a
number of people on it including Mitch Kapor.
The list is named "clipper" and it was through that list that part of
the Wire Tap Chip announcement came.
I asked Mitch directly, what is involvement with that list was; I
asked him if he was involved with the development of the Wire Tap
Below is is reply. I believe him.
I have told Mitch I will put this info out and have asked that he
make clipper list mail public at some FTP site.
I have also asked him when he started getting traffic from this list.

@_date: 1993-04-18 06:22:00
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Mitch on the Clipper Mailing list 
I had asked Mitch to repost any communications that
have gone over this list. He has.
I appreciate his willing to clear up this issue.
As I have stated before, I believe him, that NIST simply
created this list of people they wanted to be in direct
contact with.
mail stream).

@_date: 1993-04-21 05:29:39
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: The Family Key 
I think the largest weakness in the whole Clipper scheme, and
I am not sure If I am right about this is,....
The NSA knows the family key (the key that is built into each
chip; or perhaps large meta batch of chips).
The family key encrypts the Law Enforcement Block [LEB] of the message,
which contains the serial number for the chip in the device
being used to communicate. This key is known to NSA.
Thus, the NSA will be able to maintain an active traffic pattern
analysis of ALL communications sent via the Clipper chiped devices.
I think in many ways that traffic watching can and does often reveal
more information about someone than at time listening in to what
is actually being said.
The big point here is the the press release claims that the Clipper
chip doesn't provide anything more than what Law Enforcement already
has. That is not true. What they get is a complete serialized,
accurate method of traffic analysis.
Note: Denning claims that a proper order to wire tap an encrypted
communication will be "gotten" prior to decoding the LEB. Then a
second batch of paper work will be processed once the serial number is
revealed to get the encrypted/escrowed keys.

@_date: 1993-04-22 11:54:31
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: AT&T in Greensboro 
Eric mentioned boycotting AT&T products produced at facilities
in Greensboro.
I did a quick search of AT&T Greensboor for the last years,
looking through trade and tech pubs.
Basically their is mention of their Federal Systems group
and there Federal systems advanced technologies group.
They have a AT&T Proposal center there and a business called
AT&T Technical Service Co.
Bell Labs/Federal Systems group runs the Guilford Center complex
They annouced they are building a 5 Million dollar plant for
building telecommunications products for the US Gov. and for
the International Commerical Markets. (This was within this
years, and may or may not have been, at that time, a cover
to hide what ever facilities were being built for the WireTap
Chip project.
It should be noted that Public Key Partners is located in
Greensboro. That the AT&T deal with them at the time, was
probally completed so that the WireTap phone systems AT&T
will sell will not violate RSA/PKP patents.

@_date: 1993-04-22 12:05:35
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Info on Mykotronx 
Please forward this message far and wide. - Harry
I am looking for Info on Mykotronx the company that designed
the WireTap chip for the NSA/NIST/FBI.
They are said to be a contractor to NSA. Thus we can assume
that most if not all of what they do is "hidden from view."
I was shocked when I did a database search using the name Mykotronx
and Mycotronx (both spellings have been used), in publications that
report on these areas: trade, technical, business and financial
markets. I also searched press wires and some newspapers.
Prior to April 16/17 I have found NO References to this company.
Clearly this company takes it security seriously; but such a
lack of coverage seems strange.
It leads me to wonder if they really existed much prior to April 16/17 -
they could be a division of the NSA, for example.
Of course the data bases I searched don't have everything in them
and they could have been scrubbed... Can anyone find references to this company prior to April 16 1993?
Can anyone provide alternative spellings for their name?
Harry Shapiro 				 habs at panix.com List
Administrator of the Extropy Institute Mailing List Private
Communication for the Extropian Community since 1991

@_date: 1993-04-22 19:59:56
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Suit vs Non-Suits 
I feel that perhaps I started this whole mess that is getting, imho,
quite out of hand.
I said in a post of several days ago, we need Tim M. and John G. to get out there and speak and we also need some people who wear suits.
I think we need both. I agree with Perry about the desire to change
things and the perception of a person gives off, etc.
Still I think we need both, and since we have both people on this list, I don't see what has to really change.
It would be nice to get Tim and John and a few suis to make a
lobbying trip to washington.
But lets stop the debate.

@_date: 1993-04-23 04:08:16
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Moving Target: Warning 
I have thought that it is a losing strategy to debate the wire tap chip
on purely tech terms as I feel the NSA would have more technology
up their sleve, changing the MO as we object to specific points and
probally making themselves SEEM responsive to the gov/congress/Admin.
First we had 40 bit key halves then we got 80-bit XORed and now:
CAPSTONE: THE NEXT GENERATION, with DSS, etc...
We need to make broad specturm attacks on both spef. technical
points and social points.
We need to say/talk to How this country was founded.
We did to say Ok, NSA/FBI is right and the world has changed. But
it will keep on changing... like our Founders, we need to plot
a course that will hold true not for a few years but for the
next two hundred.
This is stuff that shouldn't be debated in private by NSA and Bill C.

@_date: 1993-12-05 19:53:13
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Encryption and IP via Cable "TV" 
I pulled this off of nexis. Please note the line I highlighted.
Does anyone know what kind of encryption is being used?
At even $100 per month, we could set up also sorts of remailers
all over the country. We could even create a secure comm. via
PGP (for voice) via IP, etc.
But I wonder if the encryption "they" are using would interfer
with such schemes?
 Ethernet connection, but wouldn't require any other additional
installation on users' part.  PSI isU.S." PSI plans to have 2 tiers of
service, business and residential.  Network security problem has been
solved, using "on-the-fly" data encryption, he said.  One issue that
hasn't been fully resolved by Continental is reliability, Schoffstall
said. "Cable companies are used to supplying entertainment.  If their
network goes down for a day, wesame cable system to provide their
data, essentially their livelihood in the case of business users,
well, there's going to have to be much better understanding of how to
provide some guarantees of service."  Price for service in homes is to
be $ 75-$ 100 per month at start, but is expected to drop rapidly as
economies of scale grow.

@_date: 1993-12-08 02:23:41
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: DPSWG Crypto-Policy Statement to White House (fwd) 
Is there any magic to "mass market?" Like should we see, via FOIA,
if the NSA has some "secret" deals with the SPA (etc.) for "Mass
Market" products.
Is PGP "mass market?"

@_date: 1993-12-11 19:47:05
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: One Time Pads $5000|Cheap 
The cost of write once CD-ROM drives (CD-R) drives is really going
down in price. You should be able to get a complete set-up for
less than $5000.
I would think you could use the CD-R drive to create a bunch of
one time pads. Any thought?

@_date: 1993-12-12 11:37:23
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: One Time Pads $5000|Cheap 
checksum might be solved by using multisession CD-ROMs. Cheaper hardware
might be found in the mini-disc format or digital audio tapes???

@_date: 1993-12-19 09:59:03
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: My Party NOT! 
A member of this list (Edgar Swank) recently posted a message to this
list providing details of a private party I am holding.
That message should not have been forwarded here.
The party in question is, as I mention above, private and is not open
to the public nor the membership of the Cypherpunks list. (This is most
due to the VERY limited size of the "party room.")
I am posting this message for anyone who felt that message was an open
invitation to join my party and to indicate that was not the case.
The party guest list is limited to members of the Extropians list who
have RSVPed, others will not be admitted.

@_date: 1993-12-23 08:29:39
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: It had to happen... (fwd) 
I would like to hear what Duncan has to say, but... 1) He did give
them the data, they just can't read it. (not his problem). LIke if I
wrote some notes in French, I don't think I woudl be required to
translate them. 2) Then their is the issue of 5th Admendment issues...

@_date: 1993-12-24 03:09:51
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Cyperwonks 
Is anyone monitoring Cyperwonks? Is anything really happening there?

@_date: 1993-07-27 07:17:36
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Tee-shirt 
How about:
Orwell was wrong
   1994
(1994 in big bold large san serif typeface)

@_date: 1993-07-28 10:16:46
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Cypherpunks on Voice cover 
Cypherpunk are on the cover of the "Village Voice." A local
nyc rag.
Inside TIM, AND ERIC are quoted. The story is written by
Julian Dibbell.

@_date: 1993-05-09 08:52:26
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Press: Sunday NY Times 
There is a major "technology" piece in the Sunday NY Times
by John Markoff on the Cyhperpunk group, the Wired article (The cover is reproduced a long with the demasked photo to
Tim, Eric and John), the encryption as a whole.
Great job John!!

@_date: 1993-05-18 05:53:40
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: This is "telling" 
The answer to this question is "telling." Escrow or no encryption!!!
 From: jim at RSA.COM (Jim Bidzos)
There are a number of companies that employ non-escrowed cryptography
in their products today.  These products range from secure voice,
data, and fax to secure email, electronic forms, and software
distribution, to name but a few.  With over a million such products in
use today, what does the Clipper program envision for the future of
these products and the many corporations and individuals that have
invested in and use them?  Will the investment made by the vendors in
encryption-enhanced products be protected? If so, how?  Is it
envisioned that they will add escrow features to their products or be
asked to employ Clipper?                    be used voluntarily by those in the private sector.  We also
                  point out that the President's directive on "Public
                  Encryption Management" stated: "In making this decision, I
                  do not intend to prevent the private sector from developing,
                  or the government from approving, other microcircuits or
                  algorithms that are equally effective in assuring both
                  privacy and a secure key-escrow system."  You will have to
                  consult directly with private firms as to whether they will
                  add escrow features to their products.
Since Clipper, as currently defined, cannot be implemented in
software, what options are available to those who can benefit from
cryptography in software? Was a study of the impact on these vendors
or of the potential cost to the software industry conducted?  (Much of
the use of cryptography by software companies, particularly those in
the entertainment industry, is for the protection of their
intellectual property.)
                  can only be implemented in hardware.  We are not aware of a
                  solution to allow lawfully authorized government access when
                  the key escrow features and encryption algorithm are
                  implemented in software.  We would welcome the participation
                  of the software industry in a cooperative effort to meet
                  this technical challenge.  Existing software encryption use
                  can, of course, continue.  Banking and finance (as well as general commerce) are truly global
today. Most European financial institutions use technology described
in standards such as ISO 9796.  Many innovative new financial
products and services will employ the reversible cryptography
described in these standards.  Clipper does not comply with these
standards. Will US financial institutions be able to export Clipper?
If so, will their overseas customers find Clipper acceptable?  Was a
study of the potential impact of Clipper on US competitiveness
conducted? If so, is it available? If not, why not?
                  export of the DES, we expect U.S. financial institutions
                  will be able to export the Clipper Chip on a case by case
                  basis for their use.  It is probably too early to ascertain
                  how desirable their overseas customers will find the Clipper
                  Chip.  No formal study of the impact of the Clipper Chip has
                  been conducted since it was, until recently, a classified
                  technology; however, we are well aware of the threats from
                  economic espionage from foreign firms and governments and we
                  are making the Clipper Chip available to provide excellent
                  protection against these threats.  As noted below, we would
                  be interested in such input from potential users and others
                  affected by the announcement.  Use of other encryption
                  techniques and standards, including ISO 9796 and the ISO
                  8730 series, by non-U.S. Government entities (such as
                  European financial institutions) is expected to continue.
I realize they are probably still trying to assess the impact of
Clipper, but it would be interesting to hear from some major US
financial institutions on this issue.
                  these institutions, particularly if such input can be
                  received by the end of May, to be used in the
                  Presidentially-directed review of government cryptographic
                  policy.
Did the administration ask these questions (and get acceptable
answers) before supporting this program? If so, can they share the
answers with us? If not, can we seek answers before the program is
launched?                    development of the Clipper Chip key escrow technology and
                  the decisions-making process.  The decisions reflect those
                  discussions and offer a balance among the various needs of
                  corporations and citizens for improved security and privacy
                  and of the law enforcement community for continued legal
                  access to the communications of criminals.

@_date: 1993-11-15 02:44:01
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
The FCC can already regulate what is on any broadcast medium that
is FCC regulated, (Tobacco Ads, for example).
The ONLY way, IMHO, to have a national data highway (not regulated
and thus censored by the FCC) is to have it operated by the post office.
Since I don't want the government opperating any data network I feel
the result will be freedom of "broadcast" IS DEAD.
E.g., I can send Tim live porno from my home, but as soon as I make it
available on a point to multi-point basis, the FCC steps in.... Harry S. Hawk  -  Extropian                                                          habs at extropy.org
In Service to Extropians since 1991

@_date: 1993-11-15 02:45:22
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
I have stayed quiet on this topic but now feel I should put my
views forward.
1) I feel the government, in this case and others, should never
force the adoption of any particular technology (ISDN, ATM, etc)
2) While I am pro-market in the Extropian Way, I think that what we
need from the government is the following:
a) recognize that Cable and Telco are the same business
b) set very minimum standards required for basic services
        (basic telco, basic cable (e.g., local broadcast channels)
c) I don't see data as a basic service
d) apply the same regulation to both companies.
e) Let cable and telco compete head to head
3) Let the rich pay for it ;)
There is this liberal idea that only the rich will get the "good stuff"
That their kids will study on-line with Nobel prize winners while the
poor kids will still be using chalk and erasers in the "slums."
The same liberals what to raise taxes "on the Rich," so they can pay
for things. I feel if you don't "push" for universal access the systems will be build
that way anyway. They will cost $$$, and the "rich" will buy into it. As
economies of scale and scope come into pay, the cost of these systems will
come down and the poor will get it too. Thus, the rich have paid for it,
and the poor have got it cheap.
There is one problem with this. In NYC, the "POOR" are already
bigger users of CLASS services (call waiting, three way dialing, etc.),
and of Cable premium channels; no marketer is going to leave
this group unwired.
No one is going to do an Interactive Test Market in the Lower East Side,
but trust me systems will be built there.
Harry S. Hawk  -  Extropian                                                          habs at extropy.org
In Service to Extropians since 1991

@_date: 1993-11-16 16:10:57
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Tech: Truth about Canon Copiers 
A common thread a month or two ago was about what happens when you
try to copy a US Currency with a Canon color copier.
Since my office is thinking about buying one, I asked for a demonstration
of this feature.
We put a 5 dollar bill on the copier and made a copy.
It copied the side with the dead white guy fine. We flipped it over
and copied the other side. It printed a deeply altered image.
We then accessed the copier from a SGI Indigo which has a GPIB interface
to the copier. We used software on the Indigo to scan in the bill.
The scan died halfway into the scan.
Clearly their is something in the scan (input) function of the copier
that is preventing the bill from being copied.
I suspect it looks for the "color of money" and if it finds it, it does further checks for US bills.
Harry S. Hawk  -  Extropian                                                          habs at extropy.org
In Service to Extropians since 1991

@_date: 1993-11-17 04:41:08
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Data may become a basic service, some day, but the market is not
ready for it today.
I am against forcing companies to offer products that no one wants.
(no one = a major part of there market).
Current efforts like PSI IP over Cable and $500 Hayes modems that
can talk 230+ kbits per second (w/ compression|V.Fast) will provide
plenty of cheap networking for those who want it.

@_date: 1993-11-17 10:41:12
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Their are 95 million homes in America.
Their are 90 million homes with TV
65 million homes have Cable.
Advertisers consider National Broadcast TV to be a major market.
Even to this day, Cable is not seen in the same light as National
Broadcast Networks.
The fact that 9.5 million homes have modems, or 21+ million homes
have computers, does not a real mass market make. Not enough to
force companies to put in special data services; people who want
data can pay between $50 to $530 for a modem and get from 2400 bps to
240,000 bps.
Let the market grow until people actually want data before you put
it into the bundle of regulated basic services.
I am saying, don't regulate data, and thus don't force any carrier to
offer a special data rate. When 60 - 70 million homes have active use of Data, then you can have congress set some minimum standard.
And note, without any regulations in terms of basic services, Cable
has grown from serving a small town in Penn. to servicing 65 million
homes in N. America. Cable is better suited to offer voice and high
speed multi-megabit services than are phone companies. Clear proof
that market forces can produce the results we need. (Cable passes over
90% of all homes in this country).

@_date: 1993-10-04 00:29:04
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: PGP in Fidonet 
I assume this is a gray area. But let's say at a meeting of friends
in one state (e.g., Boulder Creek, Ca), we create a Video message, digitize it, and sent it to that friend, by uploading into an account that I (habs) and the friend (rjc) has joint access to?
Is that communications? Is it private? What if the message contains
images that might be considered "adult"?
Would it be different if that file was e-mailed or FTPed rather
than uploaded.
Or, let's say I put in some very public FTP site, but used RSA to
legally encrypt it with my friend's public key? Would it be private communications or public?
Harry S. Hawk           ON Vacation

@_date: 1993-10-06 13:45:20
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Start up costs and paying for speech... 
We are planing on adding pay for use features to the
Extropian Mailing List software. However it is a bit
on the back burner. However, If there is serious
interest on using a digi-cash system for pay-as-you post
mailing list we should "TALK."
Hal do you have any free time?
Harry S. Hawk           ON Vacation

@_date: 1993-10-08 14:45:47
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Future of the list 
We (ExI) have offered the software now being used to operate
the Extropians list to the operators of the cypherpunks list.
Our software is not quite ready for prime-time, but it is a
solid and interesting program. It allows for kill files by
user, and subject (reg. exp.), and allows for retrival of messages by subject (reg. exp.) and full body text (agrep).
It is very modular with one part of the program databasing all
incoming messages and other modules actings as agents for
various list members. Each agent can support one or more
users (subscribers).
In addition to kill files, all messages can be excluded and
then specfic messages can be Included.
I feel it or similar software will solve the programs that some members of this list are complaining about. (Mailing
List vs. News Group). I strongly urge that a newsgroup NOT be formed.
Harry S. Hawk           ON Vacation

@_date: 1993-10-11 11:29:50
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: The Bank of the Internet!? 
There is a huge difference between the back office transactions at
a brokerage house and those in a small bank/credit union. A point of
reference, in 1990 Shearson Lehman brokerage services used 18 gigabytes of
data for client records (PER Month). Unable to keep all that data on disk
(they were planning to go optical), they had huge costs in microfilm, esp.
in paying folks to retrieve data by hand.
A major problem with Brokerage back office is physically keeping track of
where stocks are and where they are going (they can be sold, bought, held,
borrowed and lent). Other rules, as Perry mentions, include suffering
economic loss at certain points if you are unable to document certain transactions.
I don't, however, see how any of this could impact a simple credit
union type bank opperated over the Internet. Such a back office should be far simpler. The trick will be growing such a enterprise
into a business that can offer any degree of sophisicated financial
services. A major plus is that if digital signatures can be used,
and strorage space allows, little if no paper records need be kept,
which will allow the entire operation to exist in "cypherspace."
I do agree with Perry in that it will be a full time activity, and
that much learning will have to take place. I am more optimistic than
Perry in feeling it can be done. Office Systems Consulting deptments of Shearson Lehman Brothers (now
Smith Barney Shearson). I was involved in their efforts to implement
optical storage systems for both data and images.
Harry S. Hawk           ON Vacation

@_date: 1993-10-22 04:38:13
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: Canon copiers 
Since the copiers in question have a digi interface and when connected
to Raster Image Processor (RIP) can act (for example) like a postscript
printer, one should have to scan in a dollar on a 600 dpi scanner,
and print is through the copier as a postscript file.
The question is would the black box catch that?
It is true about the Anti-Copy device, but I doubt it disables
the machine, probally just doesn't copy. These machines are
$50,000+ and up in price.

@_date: 1993-10-27 10:32:40
@_author: Harry Shapiro 
@_subject: anti-social behavior 
Perry is very right here, imho. If Ray was your wife or a co-worker,
or in someway had a formal relationship with you it might be an
issue. 1) I think it was a joke, but 2) Even if it wasn't you are
letting him push your "buttons."

@_date: 1994-08-20 06:29:06
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: PATNEWS:  PKP cryptography members suing each other - DUCK!!!! (fwd) 
For some time, the US government's plans to come up with a standard for
digital signatures for electronic documents has run into a variety of problems,
one of which is the fact that some of the algorithms the government wants to
use are patented and in private hands, with threats of infringement lawsuits.
In fact, the government recently agreed to pay an MIT professor royalties in
return for use of his patent.
    Other patents involved are held by the consortium Public Key Partners
(PKP) of Sunnyvale, California.  Well as it turns out, members of PKP are now
suing each other (isn't patenting fun :-).  One member, Cylink (Sunnyvale) is
suing another member, RSA Data Security (Redwood City, CA) over RSA's use of
some MIT technology (MIT also being a member of PKP, along with Stanford).
Cylink filed suit in June, and the squabble could lead to the break up of
PKP, which will either simplify or complicate the use of their technology in
the government's DSS digital signature standard.
    Stay tuned.
Greg Aharonian
Internet Patent News Service
(for subscription info, send 'help' to   patents at world.std.com)
(for prior art search services info, send 'prior' to patents at world.std.com)

@_date: 1994-01-06 13:14:33
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: RSA & General Magic 
General Magic in their media kit which was handed out at MacWorld
today states;
"General Magic picks RSA to provide security for Telescript and
Magic Cap.
Jan 6th 93 (sic) - GM announced today it has licensed tech. from RSA
to provide security services for its Telescript communications
GM used RSA's BSAFE toolkit, with encryption and digital sig. features
based on RSA Public Key Cryptosystem and RSA's RC4 symmertic stream

@_date: 1994-05-25 06:30:38
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: [Q} IBM's NetSP encyption; what is it 
I read:
They are using this with a new service that will compete with AT&T's
PersonalLink (which uses RSA encypt via Telescript).
Does anyone know anything about NetSP, how secure it is, etc.
FYI, the service is agent "based"

@_date: 1994-09-12 06:37:03
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Interns Sought (tele-commute), c++, tech writers & requirements 
The Position
We are looking for several Interns from now through December.
Internships are unsalaried. At the successful completion of the
Internship a $200 stipend will be paid.
These are "work at home" and telecommuting internships.
Who We Want
We are looking for C++ programmers
We are looking for Tech Writers
We are looking for Technical Requirements Researchers
Must have the ability to communicate in English (mostly written, but
verbal as well).
Experience with mail applications, sendmail, and mime a plus.
Programmers must have access to a system with the g++ 2.5.8 and the
ability to send RFC-822 E-mail.
Tech Writers should have access to an ASCII editor (emacs preferred).
Researchers should be able to surf the Internet and have access to
technical libraries.
You can be located anywhere in the world.
We hire without regard to race, religion, gender, sexual orientation,
or any physical disabilities.
Be able to sign and return by mail a non-disclosure agreement.
Who we are
We are PowerMail, Inc. a privately funded commercial venture
incorporated in the state of Delaware. We are building a state of the
art e-mailing list software in C++; The name of the product is
We are looking for programmers with solid C++ skills to build objects
for us. There a lots to chose from; many are quite interesting. We are looking for tech writers to help with system level and end user
We are looking for technical requirements researchers. These
researchers will investigate various standards including RFC, ISO,
IEEE, etc. and write functional requirements for various objects to be
compliant with these standards.
Please get in touch
Please send your resume and qualifications to:
      exi-powermail at powermail.com
Please send ASCII resumes only.
For Information
For more information on any position, please send mail to
habs at powermail.com
Don't send resumes here.

@_date: 1995-02-04 05:59:04
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Forward: Teleco/Cabe REg. & Free speech 
TELECOM REFORM, REPUBLICAN-STYLE Sen. Larry Pressler (R-SD) has
proposed a telecommunications reform plan that would drop all cable TV
rate regulations; allow local phone and cable competition and
cross-ownership in one year; ease foreign ownership restrictions; and
allow local phone companies to compete in long distance in three
years. A formal counter proposal is expected from the Democrats
February 14, and it's expected that there will be objections to most
of the provisions outlined in Pressler's bill. (Investor's Business
Daily 2/2/95 A4)
(((cut here)))
For those that don't know I have my Master's in Interactive
Telecommunications, and have long looked at cable and teleco from
several angles including freemarket and cypherpunk viewpoints.
While there is a lack of detail here, I strongly endorse anything that
lets cable and phone companies compete. They have largely the same
customer base (although telco's have a larger % of the base), but the
cable companies are in a better opportunity to over PCS,
higher-bandwidth networking, and video on demand.
What we have to watch out for is FCC regulation. It is well excepted
that the FCC can censor commercial speech (cig. ads), and individual
speech (the 7 dirty words), in the "public" interest.
Cable and Teleco are FCC regulated. If they provide the network of
the future, as opposed to UUnet-Microsoft (for example), we might
have to be careful..
The "model" of interactivity most "thinking" people endorse is one
that is two way. The FCC does really monitor what you say on the phone
(although who knows about the NSA ;)... If you can in the brave new
Telco/Cable future send as well as receive.. and send in
broadcast-like mode... are you subject to content approval from the
We should strongly endorse this move by. Sen. Pressler as it will
get us broadband to many homes in 5 to 7 years, but we have to
remain concerned about our freedom to speak not matter if that is
one on one, or to a large group!

@_date: 1995-02-04 19:26:57
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Forward: Teleco/Cabe REg. & Free speech 
It is a reasonable bet that all data into the home will come on
cable systems which means they require encrytion anyway.. there
are bridged, not point-to-point...
And other traffic like mobile voice and data will use some RF
technology...  which also requires encryption...
Existing cable systems are now running 1 gigahertz of bandwidth and
I had presentations from TW staff indicating 2 gigahertz is easily
reachable.. Figure 2 gigahertz of bandwidth (split between analog and digital
services) in each neighborhood and a ATM switch pulling those signals
back to the "head-end/central office" via fiber, and you have the
cable system of the future.. (e.g, for the next 5 to 20 years)..

@_date: 1995-02-07 18:47:04
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: forward; e-cash 
NETCHEQUE WANTS TO BE YOUR CYBERBANKER The long-anticipated digital
commerce boom hinges on one important factor -- the ability to safely
and securely conduct monetary transactions in cyberspace. A team of
scientists at the University of Southern California are working on a
system called NetCheque that would allow banks and their customers
send an electronic check over the Internet, complete with a digital
signature that cannot be forged. "With NetCheque, if your balances are
positive it's like a checking account. If they're negative, it's like
a credit-card account... It really depends very much on how you want
to set up this very flexible mechanism," says the USC team leader. The
system was recently released for testing, and those interested in
participation should send mail to netcheque at isi.edu. (Chronicle of
Higher Education 2/10/95 A18)

@_date: 1995-02-10 04:19:46
@_author: Harry S. Hawk 
@_subject: Delphi and Encryption?? 
RUPERT'S BIG PLANS Media mogul Rupert Murdoch has big plans for his
Delphi Internet Services -- he wants to boost it from fifth to first
place in online service providers. "Internet, Delphi and TV as it
becomes interactive, all will become very much integrated," predicts
HarperCollins' publishing VP. By choosing existing software modules,
such as Mosaic, instead of developing its own graphical user
interface, Murdoch hopes to leapfrog the competition and come out on
Delphi's data encryption technology will also enhance its
position among privacy-conscious consumers. (Upside Feb.'95 p.39)
Anyone know anything??

@_date: 2002-06-24 10:55:27
@_author: Harry Hawk 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
It seems clear at least if DRM is an application than DRM applications would benefit
from the "increased trust" and architecturally that such "trust" would be needed to
enforce/ensure some/all of the requirements of the Hollings bill.
