
@_date: 2006-01-25 15:52:49
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] Anti-terrorism software that 
This was discussed at Crypto last year - it was a pretty cool result.
Basically it uses "computing on encrypted instances" technology. A
filter site runs (potentially) open-source software which is looking
for certain key words and saving messages that match; but the site
can't tell which exact words are being searched for, and it can't tell
when they get matched.
However it's not quite as amazing as it sounds. There is a long list
of all possible words, that are stored in the clear. Then there is an
encrypted bit mask that tells which of these words the security agency
is searching for. The open software compares each message against each
word and creates a bit mask of which ones match. Then it does some
fancy crypto to compare this bit mask with the encrypted one, and
compute an encrypted 1 or 0 as to whether the message matched one of
the words of interest. It then multiplies this encrypted 1 or 0 by the
message, getting either an encryption of the message or zero, and adds
this into an encrypted buffer. More tricks are used to keep messages
from overwriting each other in the buffer, given that the filter
software doesn't know when it is writing meaningful data or just an
encrypted zero.
All in all it was a clever idea but suffered from two problems. The
first is that it would be computationally expensive; each operation
requires a lot of exponentiations. And the second is that the word
list is public, so even though you don't know exactly which words from
the list are of interest, you (and the bad guys) would be able to see
all the words they might be searching for, which could be a security

@_date: 2006-01-25 16:22:22
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] Anti-terrorism software that 
One other point regarding this. Reading the IP list where it came
from, there were a number of concerns raised about how this is a mass
surveillance technology that would turn us into a Big Brother state.
This is a reasonable issue these days but I think the technology is
less threatening and more neutral than this.
it is less threatening because I don't think it is efficient enough to
be useful. A few years back I looked at another application of the
same idea, Private Information Retrieval for anonymously receving
email. You could have a mail server with say a thousand messages on
it, and you want to receive message  without the server knowing
which message you would get. So you give it 1000 encrypted bits, all
of them encrypted zeros except for the 327th which is an encrypted 1.
The server multiplies each encrypted bit by the corresponding message
and adds them together, which gives it an encryption of message 327,
that it sends to you. It doesn't know which one you read. This is good
in theory but in practice it takes about a multiply per bit in the
whole database. If you have 1000 messages at 4K bytes each, that is 32
million bits or 32 million multiplies to compute a result. It's too
slow. I think the new technique has a similar work factor.
The neutrality comes from the potential for using it in more
privacy-protecting applications. If it did become possible to have an
efficient version, it could be used to let people search data streams
for words of interest without identifying what the words are.
Eventually this technology could lead to the Holy Grail for
privacy-preserving search: a blinded Google. Imagine if you could do a
Google search, and the search engine were not able to tell what you
were searching for! All these concerns about search engines recording
our activities would be gone. Of course their business models would
disappear too, but hey, you can't get rid of bathwater without
throwing out a few babies, right?
Anyway, the technology may never allow this extreme application, but
the general idea of private search is good for far more than the
government surveillance case that everyone is worried about. I'd hate to see this technology get a bad rep just because some PR hack spun it
that way.

@_date: 2007-02-19 09:01:21
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Confirming Random numbers? 
Everybody commits to a value (e.g. broadcasts the SHA1 hash of a large
random value); everybody reveals their values (and checks that they
match everybody else's commitments); now add all the values modulo
whatever your number of choices is, and you have a shared verifiably
random number.
Now, there is one way to cheat this, which is to copy someone else's
commitment (even without yet knowing their value) and then copy their
value when it is revealed, thereby possibly forcing the choice to be
even or whatever. So everyone should also check that all the
commitments are different.

@_date: 2009-08-21 11:11:37
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Hacker News Discovers Anonymous Digital Cash 
Reminds me I wanted to mention this story I saw in LA Times a few weeks ago:
"Local currencies cash in on recession
"Communities in North Carolina, Massachusetts, Arizona and elsewhere
print their own money to encourage shoppers to patronize local
businesses. Local money was last popular during the Great Depression."
Of course these guys aren't legal scholars, but they say:
"Susan Witt, executive director of the E.F. Schumacher Society, which
advocates scrip and other ways to build local economies, helped create
the BerkShares. She said that as recently as the early 20th century,
banks issued their own scrip that would be used in towns and cities
across the country.
"'We gave it up for the convenience of a national currency,' Witt
said, adding that it remains legal to mint your own money. 'Regions
opened themselves to being vulnerable to the ins and outs of the
national economy.'"
I remember back in the day we looked into legality, and it didn't look
good. Some post civil war legislation pretty much shut down local
currencies. I imagine these scrip efforts survive under the sufferance
of the authorities looking the other way, as long as they remain small
and not a threat.
Course he meant "bank". That was Mark Twain Bank:

@_date: 2009-01-27 15:29:32
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: bitcoin 
I've been running it for a couple of weeks now, with about 2000
Bitcoins generated (each successful generation gives 50 Bitcoins). I
wrote a somewhat tongue in cheek article on the cryptography list
estimating that each Bitcoin could be worth ten million dollars, so
this is quite a haul :). (Actually that same reasoning implies that
gold should be worth about $10K per ounce, so maybe it's not so many
orders of magnitude off.)
I have 9 connections at the moment, with my firewall forwarding. Post
your Bitcoin address and I'll see if I can send you some coins.
There's a mailing list at sf.net/project/bitcoin but it doesn't get
much traffic yet.

@_date: 2010-11-15 13:10:08
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Bitcoin And The Electronic Frontier Foundation 
I thought bitcoin had a lot of promise and ran a client/"miner" for a
few weeks when it first came out, but then lost interest. I heard
about the EFF thing a few days ago and took a look at bitcoin.org. I
was amazed to see that bitcoin is thriving! Not only can you buy and
sell coins for real money, there is a lot of demand for them, and
speculators are hoarding coins in the expectation of price increases.
Back at the beginning Eugen and I were playing with it and I sent him
1000 coins as a test, and he sent them back. That would be worth $250
now, pretty amazing.
This is the first time I recall that a currency with no intrinsic
value has become this popular. It's uncharted ground, with many open
questions. What value will bitcoins settle on? Will there be a fork
with perhaps more attractive rules? Will scammers (who love
transactions that can't be reversed) taint the currency? And the big
question, what happens when bitcoin comes to the attention of
governments? Can it win?
Hal Finney

@_date: 2011-08-05 11:06:12
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: BitCoin is surprisingly good, according to Dan Kaminski 
Don't recall if it was mentioned here , Dan's marvellous hack (with Travis
Goodspeed) to embed a tribute to the late Len Sassaman in the Bitcoin block
