
@_date: 1993-04-15 14:08:16
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Chaining to Julf's remailer 
On news.admin.policy, a 'nym' called Nowhere, Man called somebody an
asshole and told them to fuck off.
Someone objected, and Nowhere responded:
Apparently it is in fact possible to chain remailers now.  I assume that
he is chaining through cypherpunks remailers into penet.  I'm curious to
know which remailer is being used for this purpose?  Perhaps we could add
a description of how to do this to the documentation.  My guess is that
"Nowhere" reads this list.

@_date: 1993-04-18 12:55:09
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: IMPORTANT! 
Based on some of the suggestions I've seen here and on the net, I am
inclined more to believe that there is no threat to make non Clipper
cryptography illegal.  The plan instead is to make it a de facto
standard for all encrypted voice communications.  You will notice in
the AT&T press release posted here that AT&T is offering to release its
technical information in order to allow this standardization to
proceed.  (As the release said, you need more than just a common
encryption standard, you also need standardization on the voice
AT&T is obviously in bed with the government on this, and it doesn't
really matter at this point why.  It's a big company and the government
can do a lot for it.  AT&T is apparently determined to take whatever
steps are necessary for this standardization to come about.
As far as non-clipper encryption, I imagine the government will initially
exert as much influence as it can to prevent any competing standard from
getting a toehold.  They have apparently waited until the chips were
ready to deliver in quantity.  AT&T is promising to release clipper
phones later this year.  It's doubtful that anyone else could even come
up with a standard that soon, let alone get it into hardware (or
If the standard does become established, it could be tough to defeat it.
How easy is it going to be to sell a phone which is incompatible with
everybody else's for secure communication?  You'd have to buy one for
everybody in your company or group who wanted to communicate.  Then if
they wanted to make a secure call to someone outside (say, a supplier or
distributor) they wouldn't be able to do it.
It would be a similar problem to the video phones.  Why buy one when
almost no one else has one and so you can hardly ever use it?  Who will
buy a Beta VCR today?  An RCA non-laser video disk?  Non-clipper
encrypted phones may experience similar lack of success.
I think this is their main strategy.  If it doesn't work, they have a
fallback before they would have to forbid encryption in the way we have
feared.  That is to forbid the sale of commercial devices with
non-clipper encryption.  You don't stop private individuals from making
their own devices, you just make it illegal to sell them.
There is precedent for this, I think, in the scanner business.  You can't
sell scanners capable of eavesdropping on cellular calls.  But nothing
stops you from building your own if you are an electronics whiz.  (I am
not expert on the legalities of scanner law.  Someone please correct me
if I am wrong here.)
Notice that in their document they said that U.S. citizens do not have
the right to unlimited-strength commercial encryption.  I didn't pay much
attention to the word "commercial" before, but now I think it is important.
This would imply that their next step would be to ban only commercial
implementations of cryptography.
This way they can counter our civil-liberties arguments by saying that
nothing stops anyone from encrypting his messages if he really wants to;
he's doing it in the privacy of his own home, after all.  But when he
gets out in the commercial arena the government has many precedents for
limiting what is bought and sold, the scanner laws being just one of
I'm not sure how ominous such a world would be - clipper chips dominating
the (small) encrypted phone market, no commercial competition, and only a
few hobbyists with PC's and modems able to set up clumsy untappable
conversations via modem-to-modem links.  I might be able to talk to Tim
May securely, but not to Mom and Dad.  In a way, I can still have privacy,
if I really want it.  But it won't be available to most people.
I wouldn't be surprised if something similar to this vision were the goal of
those behind the clipper.

@_date: 1993-01-29 09:54:50
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: OTP Generators 
Douglas Sinclair asked about the earlier discussion re the use of radiation to generate true random numbers for one time pads.
The problem, as I recall, was with the quantity of bits needed.  OTP's eat bits like crazy.  People have talked about filling CD-ROM's or other optical media with hundreds of megabytes or even gigabytes of random Now, the problem is how long it will take to produce that much random data.  A few bits per second won't be fast enough.  Suppose you wanted to produce 100 megabytes per day (which would take over a week to create a gigabyte).  That requires about 10,000 random bits per second.
Now, your detector is not going to be 100% efficient.  Only a certain fraction of the emitted particles are going to be detected.  So you will need more decays than this, possibly many more.
Also, relying on a half-life calculation in which we wait a certain time interval, and see if there is a decay or not, won't be that accurate.  If your time is off a little, it could bias the results.
Tim May posted the best (IMO) fix for this.  You collect bits in pairs; discard 00 and 11; for each 01 output a 0, for each 10 output a 1.  This way even if there is a bias where, say, 60% of the bits are 0's and 40% are 1's you still get 50-50 0's and 1's out.  This means you get about 1 output bit for each 4 inputs, so you have to increase the necessary decay rate by a factor of 4.
So, the needed particle emission rate is 40,000 divided by the efficiency of your detector.  Perhaps Douglas could get some efficiency figures from his father, and judge whether this rate of radiation emission would be safe.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-29 10:05:55
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Remailer abuse? 
When the Pax remailer was shut down, I stopped keeping any logs of my
remailer operation.  I felt that I did not want to provide information
that would be helpful to those forces which oppose information privacy.
So, I don't know the history of it, but today I received this message:
Is someone using my remailer to send trash to innocent young girls?
I am uncomfortable to be facilitating this kind of activity.  Can anyone
offer suggestions for the ethical thing to do in this situation?
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-11 22:28:15
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: PKP sellout? 
This was my response on sci.crypt to this announcement that PKP will
be supporting DSS, and licensing its technology for use by Clipper
phones.  Thanks to Lance for alerting us to this announcement.
jim at rand.org (Jim Gillogly) forwards:
And so it appears that another patent jewel will be added to the crown
worn by PKP, the de facto owner of cryptographic technology in the United
States.  They will have an exclusive license to the DSA, as they already
do to RSA and most other worthwhile encryption technologies.
This also appears to put to rest the much-publicized feud between RSA and
NIST/NSA.  Conspiracy theorists can now comfortably return to the
position that PKP/RSADSI is actually an arm of the NSA, dedicated to
restricting and delaying access to strong cryptography as much as
Once again we are presented with a fait accompli; no other organizations
were given an opportunity to bid for the licensing of this patent.  The
government prefers to see PKP holding the keys to all cryptography in the
U.S.  Remember how Clipper's technology was similarly assigned to
particular corporations on a non-competitive basis?
And what of the technical objections to DSA/DSS raised in earlier
documents by officials of RSADSI, such as in the recent CACM?  No doubt
those objections are now moot.
So PKP is now supporting key escrow and Clipper.  Can anyone seriously
argue that this company is a friend to supporters of strong cryptography?  These are dark times indeed.  PKP has thrown in with the government,
getting behind DSS and Clipper in exchange for exclusive licensing
rights.  Their ownership of DH and RSA will make it that much harder for
any competition to Clipper to arise.
If the 60-day comment period really means anything, perhaps public
criticism can be effective here.  There is much to be concerned about in
this announcement.
Hal Finney
hal at alumni.caltech.edu

@_date: 1993-10-14 22:27:32
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: test post 
I apologize for the bandwidth waste, but I have sent four posts to the
list this week from my usual posting site and none of them have appeared.
Ironically, the first two (the second one was a re-typing of the first)
discussed the unreliability of email and its implications for mailing
digital cash.  I also sent a 13K byte message describing how Cah\\ Chaum
arranged to detect double-spenders of digital cash.  If this message
appears I'll try re-sending some of the others.  Is anyone else having
posting problems?
hal at alumni.caltech.edu

@_date: 1993-10-18 10:47:15
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Uniqueness and "is-a-person" credentials 
I remembered about is-a-person credentials after I posted.  I had thought
this idea came from Chaum but I didn't see it in his 1985 paper.  I don't
recall the details of this credentialling mechanism, so take what I say
here with a grain of salt.  I hope someone can post a cite.
One point is, there is no need to associate these with states.  Private
corporations could easily issue is-a-person credentials.  You show up
and let them take your thumbprint (retina print, DNA scan, ...), and they
give you the credential.  They don't need to know your name, just that
you don't already have a credential.  (The different agencies would have
to share a database as is done in many industries today.)
Then, if L. Detweiler wants to accuse Eric and Jamie of being the same
person, they can disprove it by exhibiting their different is-a-person
credentials.  (They might not "exhibit" them, they might use some kind
of zero-knowledge proof to show they are different.)
If anonymity and spoofing get to be too bad a problem, most people may
refuse to have net.dealings with anyone who is not willing to show an
is-a-person credential.  Among your pseudonyms, only one can show it,
otherwise they will be linked.  This would force all but one of your
pseudonyms into second-class citizenhood on the net.
This may seem unfortunate, but as those who just got through flaming
Detweiler remind us, if something like this is possible then just because
you don't like it, that won't stop it from happening.  It may be that
in the future the net is not a very anonymous environment, just because
the technology exists to catch spoofers.  L. Detweiler may get his wish
after all.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1994-02-20 09:26:53
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Blacknet worries 
Tim's Blacknet story has gotten a lot of reaction after Detweiler's
random posting escapade last week.  I think it is a good essay, but there
is one point I don't think was stressed enough.
The glaring omision, mentioned only in passing, is military intelligence.
A friend at work tells me that in the Manhattan project, presumably one
of the most secret projects ever attempted, the Soviet Union had no
fewer than six agents passing on information.  Since then, three have
been identified.  The KGB says there are three more who have never been
discovered, and they won't say who they are.
(Of course, this could be in part KGB boasting/disinformation, but apparently
the three who were discovered are confirmed.)
Keeping business secrets and manufacturing techniques secret is one thing.
But, from the point of view of the government, the world of Blacknet could
be an utter disaster for the protection of military secrets.  Despite its
consumption of a large fraction of our society's resources, government jobs
tend not to be high paying, especially compared to jobs with comparable
degrees of responsibility in civilian life.  The temptation to sell secrets
for cash has got to be present for almost everyone.  But it is balanced against
the immense practical problems involved: making contacts, arranging
deliveries, being caught in a "sting" operation.
Blacknet could remove most of this risk.  With near-perfect anonymity
and digital cash, a tidy side income could be created for anyone with access
to classified information.  There would be no need for risky physical meetings.
The money could be spent on a few nice extras to make life more comfortable,
without fear of it being traced.
How many people would succumb to such temptation?  People do undergo security
checks, and presumably those who pass are mostly honest.  But they are human,
and money is a powerful motivator.  Especially if the person figures that if
he doesn't sell the info someone else will, the temptation will be all the
There are possible countermeasures: frequent lie-detector tests (as in Snow
Crash); "fingerprinting" documents so everybody has a slightly different
copy, allowing sting operations to identify the culprits; perhaps even
swamping the legitimate offers of cash with bogus ones (a denial-of-service
attack, in effect).  But none of these are really likely to solve the
This is probably the issue which has the government really scared, the
issue which turned Barlow's government friends against free encryption, as
he describes in his Wired article ("if you knew what I know, you'd oppose
it too").  The NSA in particular has for a long time been wildly paranoid
about this issue, as detailed in The Puzzle Palace; sometimes it seems that
despite its ostensible mission, the NSA is more concerned about protecting
its own secrets than discovering others'.  I could see any technology which
would facilitate sellouts by their people to be considered a mortal threat,
something to be fought by any means.  And I imagine that the rest of the
military intelligence community would feel the same way.
Imagine if Blacknet had existed during the Manhattan Project, how much
easier it would have been to corrupt those involved.  This must be a
nightmare for the government, and they appear determind in their fight
against it to create a nightmare in turn for proponents of privacy.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com
