
@_date: 1995-08-07 08:23:12
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Quibbling about definitions of "proof" 
All this quibbling about the "validity" of proof checkers is philosophically
inept. It is a basic property of logic that it proceeds from axioms to
conclusions. No proposition can be understood except by reference to some
other proposition.
It is not possible to objectively observe anything, all observation is made
through a mechanism which is imperfectly analysed and thus the observation
is subjective to the extent that the interpretation is unknown.
We may obtain an objective statement from a subjective observation by reference
to the source of subjectivity. If however the subjective assumptions are shared by all participants within the system of being any statement which follows from only those assumptions may be regarded as objective. Objectivity is thus not
an atomic fact but a relation, a fact cannot have the property of objectivity except with respect to a system of being.
[Thus I may assert 1+1=2 as an objective fact since the assumptions upon which
it is based are commonly shared. If however someone wished to question this
statement (e.g. phenomological bracketing) then in the context of that discussion I would accept it as being subjective).]
The question of prooving the proof checker is thus an extension of a more fundamental problem, providing proof of proof. Since a proof is a fact and facts are subjective except with resepct to a system of being the demand for proof of consistency of proof is an extension of the requirements for proof as normally understood. The requirement for "prooving" a program is thus significantly less onerous than asserted. It is not necessary to provide a trancendental proof, merely to establish consistency with respect to a commonly accepted set of axioms.

@_date: 1995-08-07 14:24:45
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Quibbling about definitions of "proof" 
That is not necessarily the case. It all starts with communication of which language is a form, logic is a more perfect form of communication because its validity is most widely shared. It is perfectly consistent to deny the supremacy opf logic. Wittgenstein was wrong to assert that it is impossible to step outside the logical framework. The mind may be characterised by logical inferences but that does not mean that it is bounded by logical inferences. The observer might take a hallucinatory drug for example and thereby participate in an extra-logical ontology.
Only if you accept that the logical positivists were right and that there is no thought that cannot be characterised in that manner. The problem with this approach is that it prevents consideration of the real issue which philosophy should consider, the questions of being, time and spirit. We might conisder that the logical positivists found and aswer to the wrong question while the continetal school found an unsatisfactory anwer to the right one.
Exactly we can communicate because we participate within the same system of being and that provides sufficient common reference points for us to convince ourselves that we are communicating the same ideas. We cannot prove that we are in fact achieiving this goal for we cannot objectively determine that we both observe the same things.
facts of normally But that mathematically defined system is still subject to the constraint that we cannot analyse the thing in itself. Instead we must step outside the system to analyse it. We do not in fact define LISP in LISP what we actually do is to define LISP in a language that looks like LISP and demonstrate that the two are compatible. It is important to distinguish a demonstration of meta-consistency from a proof within the logic of that logic. We might assert correctly that a program have been proven correct using a proof checker. We do not need to explain that the proof is of correctness with respect to a set of axioms for that is the nature of proof and is thus no more necessary when considering proofs of computer programs than of any other type of proofs. The meta-form of this proof is "A Therefore B where B is independent of A". We cannot however assert that we have used the program checker to prove itself. That would have a meta-form "A Therefore A". This form does not contain any information.
The only meta form of A concerning A that carries information is "A Therefore (not A)". This implies that A is false. Thus although it is not possible to prove A true it is possible to prove it false.

@_date: 1995-08-08 08:37:19
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Triple-DES controlled? 
There is absolutely no difficulty obtaining cryptographic aparatus outside the US. I had an entire distribution of PEM and X500 that was entirely written outside the US.
DES is avaliable from many sources, there are many tripple DES products It is not impossible to get export licenses, there have been several issued for DES for financial applications.
If the US wants to be cut out of the market for financial services software thats up to them. Non US citizens can write crypto code as well, the British crypto tradition is far longer than the US one for example.

@_date: 1995-08-08 10:55:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: proving programs correct 
I suggest he look at occam, the semantics are very compact, about ten pages.
The purpose of writing the denotational semantics is to obtain a grounding for the axiomatic semantics which may then be used for proofs.
All this means is that languages such as ADA are useless for formal methods work because the language is too big to develop a usefull semantics for it. C is better but still far too large and the semantic ambiguities of the language cause problems.
I don't consider the conventional application of formal methods to be a practical approach. This does not mean that no such approaches exist, merely that people use the wrong ones.

@_date: 1995-08-14 18:59:41
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: An article for Wired magazine 
I'm less worried about the annonymity aspect than the security aspect. The reported Mondex approach is less than impressive. The major problem with DigiCash is the patent portfollio. I don't much like the idea of David Chaum replacing the government as the controller of the money supply. Sorry, I just don't.
The problem with Chaum's work is that it is unbalanced. He considers only the privacy aspect. The prevention of extortion aspect he does not consider. DigiCash have never addressed the baby-napping protocol problem as far as I am Governments have certain rights in our society that individuals do not. This is justified by their being democratically accountable. I don't think we should readily agree to surrender those rights. Do you want the world of the future to be controlled by Bill Gates, Ted Turner and David Chaum?

@_date: 1995-08-21 20:14:13
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: DES & RC4-48 Challenges 
Hello all,
bit harder than 40. 65536 times harder in fact.
being in reach. After all everyone wants to be in for the biggie.
40 bit code a tad and set to work. It sounds as if it is comparable to the RSA-129 prime that was cracked (OK its probably a touch harder but machines are faster now).

@_date: 1995-08-21 22:30:28
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: DES & RC4-48 Challenges 
I don't think the differential Cryptanalysis attack helps very much. You
need a somewhat improbable quantity of chosen plaintext to attempt it.
You would get further with a direct attack I suspect. In any case lets do RC4-48 or RC4-44 first as proof of ability.
Another idea, lets crack CMDF, IBMs weakened key DES.
After DES the only other crack of interest thats in range is the meet in the middle attack on two key DES. Clipper looks a bit off in the distance still.
(We will get it one day, probably not until 2010 though).
I think we can probably do DES within two years.

@_date: 1995-08-23 11:55:33
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Digital cash project? Re: The End of the Ecash Trial? 
Well I might be interested in setting up such a scheme, but I'm not sure
that the Chaumian Annonymity guarantees could be provided as is. This is because of Chaum's patent on blind signatures.
There are schemes which offer weaker annonymity and also schemes which provide for faster movement of currency.
The scheme I am currently looking at employs both symmetric and asymmetric keying to provide for fast transfers of cash after a connection is set up. The mode of payment is of the fraction of cents per page type so RSA is too Who would be interested in such a trial? Who would be interested in writing code? There are complications if the Web consortium is involved since we are obliged to provide code to our members one month in advance of the official release. But that is for source I beleive, I don't think that there would be a problem with trial users or with exchanging code with collaborators. After the one month period all consortium code becomes copyright but freely avaliable for use for any purpose, its the X consortium contract in fact.
Cyberbucks could be siphoned out of the Chaum system by simply agreeing to exchange e-cash for whatever the new currency is. It would also be possible to go in the other direction perhaps, "I promise to pay the bearer on demand the sum of one cyberbuck".
Since most cyberbuck users are looking to control access to a resource its not clear that the cyberbuck model is what is needed. It might be possible to deploy a resource contention arbitration mechanism which was not convertible. This would also avoid many of the regulatory problems of e-cash.

@_date: 1995-08-23 19:59:21
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: The End of the Ecash Trial? 
So Dave expects a Bank to pay him $250,000 + 10% so they can't find anything out about their customers spending habits.
Dosen't sound as if its all that tempting a proposition for them, they are expected to both create the market and pay the monopolist to participate in it. If Chaum had given his system away, got everyone using it he might have a Netscape type situation. As it is I can't see a great deal of incentive for the people he expects money from to give it him.
I don't think this is a going proposition at the moment. It might work for Motorway service tolls and such. I can easilly see a method of getting a political party to buy into such a scheme. It would be kind of ironic given the political motivations of most annonymous payment supporters if the government turned out to be the only organisation likely to buy the product.
Personally I don't like Motorway service tolls.
Any other people have some ideas about people likely to pay 0.25 M +10% of profits? Perhaps it could be used for gambling?

@_date: 1995-08-24 08:51:03
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Let Me Repeat, the Raids Must Be Stopped! A PROFOUND THREAT TO  FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON THE INTERNET 
I think its simpler than that, a judge simply needs to look at the facts of the case, declare the warrants to be void, order the property returned and require payment of the 4.7 Million to Wollerstein before the courts will consider the matter further.
The problem seems to be that the US courts don't have the balls to deal with this type of behaviour.

@_date: 1995-08-24 10:20:17
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Spooks and Hackers, etc. 
I'm somewhat suprised that a police force would be talking in these terms, in the UK the police have been looking at USEnet et al for over a decade.
I don't think the CDA has anything to do with the law keeping up, its the opposite. Its about cynical and unscrupulous politicians using public ignorance to portray themselves as the saviours of society. First create a straw man then fight it.
All the net is doing is exposing the weakness of the press. Events like the cyberporn scandal simply illustrate the normal modus-operandi, they are not abberations caused by `poor journalism'. It is worth reading Chomsky's analysis of the press. If one excludes the anti-establishment attacks the underlying thesis is consistent with observation. The established press is not pro-active but reactive, it does not seek to inform but to entertain. Facts are checked for acceptability and plausibility rather than for accurracy.
It is here that the most potent effects of the Web will be found. There is now an international normative infrastructure. It is much harder for a political system to sustain a stocoma. Consider, Lybia is accussed of involvement in the Pan Am/Lockerbie bombing, despite the fact that the evidence is tenuous and that the US was until recently accusing Syria of having authored the crime there is a call for international sactions. On the other hand it is the tenth aniversary of the sinking of the Rainbow Warrior and the murder of one of its crew by the French Secret service. Far from appologising for this crime and imprisoning those responsible France has even decorated one of the murderers.
Consider also the insistence on the Japanese appologising for World War II despite the lack of an equivalent appology by the British for their imperial conquests or the US for their attack on Vietnam.
Exposing the international nature of attrocity weakens its power to coerce a population into externalising conflict. It is scarcely controvertial that were the true facts of the Iraqui invasion of Kewait to be generally known the Iraqui population would have considerably less support for Saddam. International communication will weaken nationalist ties and isolationism. It will no longer be possible to present issues in the same moral famework, ie a frameworkin which "right" is automatically equated with self-interest.

@_date: 1995-08-25 13:20:47
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Cryptanalysis of S-1 
OK lets turn this on its head, I think we now have a good idea of how to build a cipher in clean room conditions such that nobody is aware of the full details of the algorithm.
Team 1: Develop an encryption network, implement as hardware
Team 2: Test various combinations of keyspace.features without being exposed to
Develop your Clipper chip this way and nobody can reveal the source. Fun huh?
I think we are about to see a cascade of Skipjack hoaxes regardless of the provenance of the original. Now people have the idea the clueless newbies will I'm suprised nobody has tried before, I thought of constructing a Skipjack hoax based on DES but with larger S boxes. S1 could be made to run very fast, a straight through pipeline would be very nice in hardware. Anyone care to suggest how a secure cipher might be based on it (ie appart form the clearly bogus key I think a score sheet is in order, marks out of 5 for what? Distribution, technical ingenuity, credibility, annoying Dorothy, hardware suitability, software suitability... ?
Perhaps the NSA might volunteer to serve the page with the cumulative judgments.

@_date: 1995-08-26 10:59:28
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: SSL trouble 
There are more effective solutions than simple random search, these have been known in the distributed processing arena for years.
What you effectivelly have is a farmed solution to a problem with a high degree of trivial parallelism. Farms always suffer from the server bottleneck problem. The alternative is to use a multifarm, its a bit complicated to explain bu the essence is that you distribute the farmming mechanism. The most extreeme example of this is to have every slave also act as a master for some part of the problem. Since the bandwidth/processing ratio is unfavourable it would be better to have a small but non trivial (5-10) number of master controllers.
The basic principles are to leverage pipelined parallelism, a slave does not simply ask for a chunk of keyspace, process it, return results and ask for the next chunk. Instead overlap work packages, give them more than one to work at at once so that the system does not suspend waiting on the server.
Size the chunks adaptively, the more keyspace a processor works through the more packets it is given at once.
Use integrity checks to ensure that the slaves are acting properly. One method of doing this is to keep secret part of the known plaintext (say 16 bits). A slave is required to report _all_ matches in the range to the master. Slaves who report a statistically low number of matches may be considered suspicious. It is a simple matter to allocate part of that keyspace to another processor for a Another usefull technique is to require the slave to checksum some collateral result from the calculation mix. Then if its simply braindead software it can be When running a multi-master farm it is important to realise that the slaves serve all the masters, not just a single one. Masters can distribute work chunks amongst themselves in larger chunks, as chunks are completed this is communicated to the other workers.
If we used the Web as a substrate for this work the control software could then be used for other related tasks requiring large scale parallel processing on networked workstations.  This was one of the original applications I looked at back in 1992 when I was doing an awful lot of this type of work.

@_date: 1995-08-26 17:12:37
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: SSL trouble 
Not true, it would be open for anybody to sweep a random space and report the results. The only difference would be that the sweeper who discovered the real key would not be the first to know of a break and that it would not be possible to attack the crack through dishonestly claiming to have swept space that hadn't

@_date: 1995-08-26 20:20:53
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: SSL trouble 
You don't thats how we make sure that you can't crack the code and not tell everyone else.
The servers can be validated by using a standard bit commitment type affair.
Its a matter of principle, we should ensure that the key breaking service is not itself subject to cryptanalytic attacks.
One small point, cryptanalysis equipment is also covered by ITAR restrictions.

@_date: 1995-08-30 08:17:04
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: CIA & Espionage 
The cold war isn't so decisive. Much of espionage has always been industrial. It is an essential component of political espionage in any case. Millitary espionge may get the headlines but the bulk of the work is trawling through trade stats and various open networks in embassies etc.
In any case with the breakup of the USSR there are now more states to watch and because they are unstable more need to watch them.

@_date: 1995-08-30 19:54:59
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Is the book Network Security any good? 
Its pretty good on security and structure of protocols. Makes a good companion to the Schneier book. I use it frequently.
It does have some very irritating assertions concerning ASN.1 however, specifically concerning its use in Kerberos. I consider Kerberos's use of ASN.1 to be far superior than the alternative suggested which is pure lossage. Lambasting the use of ASN.1 is fair game but arguments over wasted bytes miss the point of ASN.1 and the BER encoding entirely.
It would make a usefull course book.

@_date: 1995-12-08 08:02:45
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: the X.9 Electronic Payments ANSI standard 
I see a damn good reason. X.9 is meant to be fast tracking credit card
payment mechanisms. They are not meant to be going out solving every problem in the universe. They could attempt to standardise non account payment systems after they have done the problem they were given.

@_date: 1995-12-12 05:12:18
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: NSA rigs Crypto machines according to Balto Sun 
No it is nothing like what happened at Netscape which was a common or
garden cock up. It was simply the result of miscommunication between
two groups of people being the original and new security team. Taher
et al thought that the random number seed was OK because they discovered a design document describing it. Unfortunately the code had not been written to implement that design.

@_date: 1995-12-15 03:35:34
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Kocher's RSA attack 
Further to Roger's comments that modular multiplies in software probably do
not allow the timing attacks.
On the internet the randomness introduced by the network probably hides
the timing of the cryptography. I say probably because I am at a conference
and have not got the maths texts to hand. I would guess however that
Shanon's paper on communications bandwidth and some empirical results on
the timing characteristics of the network would allow one to demonstrate that
the attack is infeasible.
On the other hand the attack is quite likely to work against some smart
cards. In particular there are many which do not have specialized modular
multiplication facilities. These use software to implement bignum arithmetic. Since smartcards also tend to be slow processors the arithmetic may well have been speeded up with the type of optimisation
been speeded up in an RSAREF type manner.
A conclusion which might be reached is that smartcards should in future contain contain a timer which is started at the beginnin of every cryptographic
operation and a delay loop introduced to ensure that the time taken is always
the same. The alternative of attempting to ensure that equal processing is
spent on each cycle threatens an infinite regress into second and third order
effects, eg frequency of page faults. Covert channel analysis is bad enough
as it is.
Perhaps we should concentrate on the question of how the timing attack bight be used
in a workstation environment. Here covert channels are very relevant - with the
proviso that we do not have a process concealment problem but a security partitioning problem. Consider the problem of a cryptographic file store where
the users do not have access to a private key used to make files accessible.
I suggest that we attempt to break out these attacks into categories, label the categories and produce a companion guide to the attack paper describing its
system level implications. I beleive that such a task is best done in a collaborative medium such as this list. We need as many people as possible to
consider the possible attack modes. Nobody is likely to think of them all.

@_date: 1995-12-19 05:03:22
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
The main problem with anonymous political donations is that it is easy enough to create linkage if the recipient and the donor conspire together. There are many other things that campaign laws are intended to achieve beyond avoiding bribery. For example foreign nationals cannot make donations to US parties. It would be a good thing if there were similar laws in the UK since at the last election a foreign national with links to organised crime alledghedly made a multi million donation to the Conservative party. Of course in the absence of full disclosure of details of party records nobody can be sure. We are as voters entitled to consider the worst however.
Similarly it would be bad if a politician could obtain huge sums of money simply by espousing causes backed by lartge sums of cash. A candidate that proposed making large federal donnations to the arms industry (codeword "Strong defence") might expect substantially more donations than one who proposed a reversal of this policy. Similarly candidates supporting private prisons might expect funds from the likely beneficiaries and so on.
The starting point for campaign reform has to be to cap the amount that can be spent on a campaign. Most countries have such laws to prevent the political process from being owned by the rich. Unfortunately this has happened in the US with the effect that both parties are much further to the right than in any other Western democracy.

@_date: 1995-12-19 12:58:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Antiterrorism Bill Dead 
Last I heard it was headed for a veto. Way too much pork for Republican contributors to get anywhere.

@_date: 1995-12-19 15:48:35
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Forged email to sway congress 
It already happens with other media. The Christian Coalition have an army of letter writters at their call. They simply write a very large number of letters and post them. It is not difficult if you can afford it.
Political staffers know all about this type of thing and can recognise spam. It would be usefull to have some mechanism for producing a one time use ID on the Web however. This would be configured such that each party can vote once but once only. There is stuff in the open meeting system that does this using an email callback loop (later used by First Virtual).

@_date: 1995-12-20 02:57:02
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program [NOISE] 
It is very strange the way that "Libertarians" are so able to turn all
rights into property rights. Thus freedom of speech become freedom to have
influence on the politicial process in direct proportion to wealth.
I began work on the web in '92 because I saw its potential as a political tool which did not have the bias of wealth. It has the potential to create a new kind of political dialogue. When the Web becomes as ubiquitous as the telephone we will still see inequalities of power, the homeless and the poor will still be underrepresented. But that situation must be judged against our own where the political process can be bought and traded as if it were any other form of It is not simply an issue of money, it is an issue of national security. If a foreigner were to control the majority of the media there would be a significant threat to the national interest. This threat has been realised in the UK with the comming to power of Rupert Murdoch. Fortunately his influence on the US political scene has thus far been minor. In his own country he has brought down the government more than once.
In UK politicis the influence of an individual's money is limited to influencing one party. Even that is done behind closed doors. The other major parties both limit the size of individual contributions to a constituency party to a relatively nominal sum. $5000 is a huge sum in UK politics.
Nor do I. But I only vote in one country. If we take the question outside the US it would not on the whole be a good thing if the Prime Minister of Tobago (say) were provided with a campaign contribution of $1M by a foreign company with an interest in strip mining the entire island. similarly it would be a bad thing if Columbian drug lords were to make massive contributions to politicians committed to continuing the prohibition on drugs.

@_date: 1995-12-20 16:12:29
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: The Problem With Blaze And Weinstein 
I think this conversation is getting silly even by net.standards.
On the one hand we have the screaming libertarians with a bunch of wedged political notions about property. On the other we have what appear to be arch anti-capitalists claiming that nobody who earns
a living out of crypto can be a cypherpunk. What is really strange
is that these appear to be the _same_ people.
Now I'm not one for supporting corporativism but consider this, most
if not all of the technical contributors to this list who can earn
money from their crypto knowledge do so. Matt and Jeff are not alone
in being paid for their abilities.
Another thing is that many of us are also into government contract
work up to their necks. The Web consortium is funded partly through
an ARPA grant. MIT is practically floating on government subsidies.
Yes this is where your tax dollars go, learn to love it or die The point is that the tourist element who gripe on about nothing other
than their political views and never contribute any technical input are
not the people that make the list work. People like Matt and Jeff are
the people who make the list worthwhile.

@_date: 1995-11-02 09:28:57
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
against a number of attacks. There are much better constructs for creating
a keyed digest. There are much better ways of creating a digest than using
a hash fuinction as the base.
which I strongly recommend people look at. I can post a paper on the subject if people are interested.

@_date: 1995-11-03 02:10:11
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: FBI seeks huge wiretapping system 
On this topic...
We had lunch with the deputy director of the NSA yesterday. In between
agreeing to put backdoors in the Internet, help round up subversives and
build a DES cracker :-) the topic of telephone tapping came up.
One point that was quite clear, a lot of what happens in the federal government has more to do with the agency structure than common sense.
When the NSA are being asked to comment on an export license they
are being asked "is this thing dangerous", not "should it be exported".
But when the response comes back to commerce "its dangerous" you can hardly expect the person on the other end to put their neck out on the
line and risk allowing an export license.
Out another way this is a beuracracy where the objective is to avoid
the negative rather than gamble for a positive. Where risks are taken
they are calculated beuracratic risks.
What is needed is a federal task force to reevaluate the crypto export issue. This should look at whether the effect of the embargo
is positive or negative. Of course the result would be known in advance but would provide a shield to hide behind. Would be useful
if some other counterproductive policies were re-examined at the same
time, like the persecution of Phil Zimmerman.
On ITAR he did say that the policy met the desired objective. The particular objective concerned was not stated however. Probably if
they could tell us the objective we could provide a solution but then
again if they told us it would probably defeat the objective in itself.
On telephone tapping the statement was made that they do not allow unauthorized taps and that technology was making wildcat taps by
local officials harder. Which makes sense. If the taps are performed
digitally they should be easier to monitor at a management level.
It is a fair point that just because technology has changed the nature of the game it should not mean that wiretaps cease to be What is very odd however is the FBI request for $500 million. This is
a somewhat large quantity of money to say the least. The telephone
switches are programmable these days, it should be possible to provide tapping at substantially less cost. Mind you the Federal
government is not known for tight cost control. The NSA reconned that
a DES cracker would cost substantially more than $1 million because
the system costs would be much higher than the component costs.
"And it would only be able to operate on one keystream at once", also
note "DES is used more for authenticity than for confidentialty by
banks". One reading, the NSA can get the info they need at less cost than
breaking DES because the financial feeds are using DES to provide
CBC residues for MACs rather than encryption. Anyway the NSA price estimate was "two or more orders of magnitude more in cost". I dispute
that since we brought in the ZEUS trigger system at arround $40 million
five years ago and it is vastly more complex than a DES cracker, this
constitutes a system cost of about ten times the raw component cost.
there was considerably more component diversity and system copmplexity
than any cypher machine would need. The raw input bandwidth of 6 Terabytes/sec would chew up DEs keyspace very quickly (ie it
is equaivalent to exhausting a 40bit keyspace in a second).
If the NSA want a cheap DES cracker they have my number. I'll take 5%
ot the difference between the actual cost and $100 million (their
estimate of cost) as my fee.

@_date: 1995-11-03 08:33:41
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: ecash remailer 
One problem a number of people have reported in DigiCash is disappearing money. Several people have reported that if a transfer is misconfigured
the cash can flow out of the wallet, be rejected at the other end and
disappear from the system - i.e. misprinted names on cheques mean lost cash!
This is bad and they report that Digicash did not respond to their

@_date: 1995-11-03 09:38:32
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: FBI seeks huge wiretapping system 
Nietzsche is not a recognised authority on the US consititution nor
are his works on ethical systems particularly definitive. At best he
points out the deficencies in the ethical systems of Kant and hints
at a limitation of reasoned approaches to ethics. His ethics of
Will are hardly a fully finished system of ethics. If you want a contemporary system of ethics you would find Rorty, Habbermass or
Singer a far better choice.
Even within the Nietzschian system of ethics it is very clear that listening in on the telephone conversations of "the botched and the
bungled" would lie well within the rights of super-man. Indeed he
is very explicit that there is no logical need for these people to
have rights of any sort. Their lives are at the disposal of the great
The justification the NSA relies upon is the fact of a Federal law that makes it lawful to conduct wiretaps. I think the FBI have gone off into gaga land with the magnitude of their request. This is a good
thing. They are not likely to get anything as a result.

@_date: 1995-11-03 09:51:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: ecash remailer 
I did, I got a direct report from a person who is extreemly well known in
the field of computer networks and security. A second person who is well
known in the UNIX and scurity areas reported the same problem.
The fact that you can operate the system correctly does not mean that it
does not have bugs. These people were looking to break the system. Yes, and I would win. Under regulation E of the Federal Reserve code
my liability is limited to $50. The scenario you describe is analogous
to my cash being stuck in the machine.
This is the essential regulatory problem that e-cash faces. Regardless of the
contract disclaimer it is by no means certain what liability Mark Twain have.
The charges are significantly higher than those for credit cards, I see no
validity in the argument that the small fees mean that a small liability should be incurred.

@_date: 1995-11-04 01:18:18
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Crypto & Taxes [WAS Re: Cybersecurity] 
Why unfortunately? I happen to consider that our modern social ecconomy
is a high point of civilisation. It is certainly a tremendous achievement.
We can educate the entire population, provide them with health care,
prevent famine and provide protection against crime and agression by
other states. All in all rather a good deal.
While one might wish to personally avoid paying taxes there are no benefits if everyone avoids paying taxes. There are significant areas of the ecconomy
which can only be funded through social mandates, roads for example.
While there are fringe political elements who put forward alternative models
I find them no more convincing than the claims of the Marxists who made
similarly ideologically based assertions not so long ago. There have at least been examples of Marxist states, even though they were not particularly
successful and rapidly degenerated into dictatorships.
I find the libertopian obsession with government oppression and complete
indifference towards coporate exploitation unsatisfactory. The truth is
that both are inevitablty interlinked. For the "libertarian" it is unsatisfactory for the government to exploit consumers of utilities but
entirely satisfactory for corporations to do so should they have the chance.
The theoretical possiblity of competition making this acceptable even
where there is no actual competition and hence no choice. This corprativist model accepts supression of freedom provided it is to
commercial goals.
Consider the linkage between direct mail advertising and surveilance. It
is unecconomic for a government to trace the movements of every citizen.
The communist countries were brought down as much by the cost of the huge
surveilace administrations they constructed as anything else. In the
West we do not have government surveilance, we have direct mail marketers
do the job for government. Surveilance is made ecconomic by getting the
citizen to subsidise it. It is naturally open for the government to apply
information collected by these people for their own purposes. It is a salable commodity and the government is a willing buyer. Furthermore there
is a sophisticated infrastructure in place to achieve these ends.
The extent of corporate surveillance goes unnoticed by most citizens. Few
people realise that when they use their credit card in a supermarket they
are supplying a direct mail marketing company with a profile of their
spending paterns. They are also providing a statement of where they are,
and indirectly their income, residence etc.
What is needed is stringent data protection laws which enforce the confidentiality of personal information. Note that both the SEPP and
STT payments systems conceal the credit card number from the merchant.
Cryptographic locks on individual parts of the picture are insufficient however. What is needed is laws which make the financing of the underlying architecture unecconomic.

@_date: 1995-11-04 09:40:02
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Many Topics are Appropriate for Discussion Here 
Hi folks,
there are more than 9999 in the same mailbox. I recieved 100 in two hours
today so I suspect the subject line may well be related to my earlier post.
They mostly fell on the floor. The rest are 50-50 pro/anti.
to shrink from expressing their political views. Indeed the entire discussion
on the NSA is a political thread pure and simple. My post related directly
to the question of personal privacy rights in a democratic, plural society.
I do not regard that it was off topic in any sense. I was not aware that
any agreement was in effect as to the method by which goals might be achieved. I chose to persue goals by the means most likely to succeed. In that I am a pragmatist. Government regulation often provides social benefits
it is not by definition an evil to be avoided. In any case regardless of the
rhetoric government regulation increases, I prefer to press for some
regulations I like rather than dream about there being none whatsoever.
reasons for working on the Web have from the start been explicity political.
I regard the persuit of technology without consideration of the political
consequences to be unethical.
understand the position of the administration and can demonstrate an appreciation of their concerns. As Sun Tsu said "you must build a golden
path along which your enemies may retreat". The problem with government
is not that it is a conspiracy, it is an interlocking series of
beuraucracies which all seek to avoid responsibility. escrow scheme plans you have tobe prepared to step into their mindset
and walk about on the inside a bit. somewhere inside the government there is
a jobsworth who is deciding to hassle Phil Z., this person will be a civil
servant, not a political appointee. Ie the dregs which get left behind each
time there is a new administration. What we need to do is to identify that person and nail their ass to the wall. It has to become apparent to the
administration that that individual has created an unnecessary source of
embarassment. govmt to spy on its citizens. I think they want to stop strong crypto getting out because there are still a large number of governments cables they can break and they want the fun to continue a while. No external government is going to trust a system that is clearly subject to US govt. interference.
know it will never get anywhere. If they come up with a crypto proposal that
guarantees that a tax is paid but conceals the identity of the persons
involved I get much more interested.
I make one they disagree with (as one person has done) I am not going to take
their objection as indicating anything other than an inability to argue their
PS I'm also none to impressed by people who make comments like "you are wrong about XXX but I won't explain why".

@_date: 1995-11-05 17:00:10
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, and HTTP-NG 
This appears to have been a problem from both ends. A number of
people arround here only heard about the IPsec work when it had
reached the final call phase.
There also seems to be a move towards looking at the question of
how protocol and cryptography interacts as a field in it own right.
I think this highlights one of the problems with the IETF we need a much broader infrastructure for understanding what progress other groups have made. The time when we can expect to do everything through email alone is past. I wish I could persuade more people in the IETF
that the Web infrastructure could provide a valuable assistance
as a collaboration tool for their needs. Unfortunately the approach seems
to be that because there are is a person living at the end of a 2400
baud modem in vermont who cannot configure his PPP we should all continue
in the stone age. We could improve readability of RFCs through using HTML and reduce
the flamage on mailing lists through collaboration tools like the
open meeting. But we don't because it hasn't been done that way in the
I would like to see a collaboration system where I can present an expert
with the context of a proposal very rapidly without expecting them to
read the archives of an entire mailing list.

@_date: 1995-11-07 02:02:18
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Many Topics are Appropriate for Discussion Here 
This dependsd on what you are attempting to do. If you are attempting to
not be thought a fool by anyone then keep quiet. If you want to learn
something then you have to speak up.
If you have an idea then the only way to know if it is any good is to test it. In the sciences we perform experiments. In engineering and social sciences this is not necessarily possible. We can still test an
idea by voicing it and looking at the response. This is the heart of Habbermass's theory of communicative action (modulo it is impossible
to communicate such a complex set of ideas in a single paragraph).
Just because the response to an idea is hostile does not make it invalid
however, the quality of the responses matters. If you get back a reasoned
argument you may judge it on the basis of the plausibility of its axioms
and the correctness of its logic - accepting that the argument may be
incomplete and not fully explain the point of view.
If on the other hand people write "This is wrong and I've told the
person why in secret" then the argument probably isn't valid. The funniest
version of this type of post being the "Here is an example of what is
wrong, I won't waste bandwidth here explaining the faults even though
I have already done so in making the post in the first place. So I have
not only wasted bandwidth but interrupted a lot of people with a vacuous post.
To address perrys point on social security privatisation, If there was such
a proposal and the basis on which it were to be run was that the privatised
company would gain all the data rights then I think there would be the
very type of political debate that characterises clipper.
One thing about the "new" key escrow system that people have not picked
up on. Would you trust Microsoft to be a key agent if you were Lotus or vice-versa? Why on earth should private key escrow be any better?

@_date: 1995-11-07 02:06:57
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: FBI seeks huge wiretapping system 
You miss the central point. The NSA are simply one link in a beuracratic
chain. Their behaviour is determined by their position in that chain and
the nature of the question they are asked. If we could change the question they were asked from "is this dangerous" to "is this significantly
more dangerous than allowing ownership of guns" we might get somewhere.

@_date: 1995-11-07 05:13:09
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Credentials Without Identity 
Not in the UK, any database maintained on a computer system is
covered under the act. Manual records are not. This distinction
is made because a group of senior conservative party members
and supporters finance a group who keep records of "political
disidents". These are available - for a fee for ue in checking
employees before giving them jobs.
Personally I think that this type of behaviour is unacceptable
in a democracy and that it demonstrates the arrogance of power.
I also think it falls plum center in the concerns of this group.
Should such groups be allowed to buy details of our spending habits from supermarkets? The UK law essentially means that data gathered for one pupose
may not be used for another. purpose without permission. It is
entirely OK to have an address book of email addresses for the
purpose of sending them mail.

@_date: 1995-11-07 13:33:54
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
Perry chips in :
Actually there are exclusion clauses in most international trade treaties
to exclude items such as arms and drugs from transhipment clauses.
There are also various treaties to control trafic in arms and drugs whose
provisions may have precedence.
The US is not known for sticking to the narrow wording of an international
treaty in such cases. Panama was invaded for alledged transhipment of drugs
after all. I doubt anyone would seriously attempt to find a justification
for that act in international law. One of the many problems in Perry's approach is that an international treaty
is in essence a contract between governments. If the governments chose
to interpret a contract in a particular way they may not consider it any of
your buisness as a third party. They are after all always free to negotiate a new treaty.
Perry's somewhat offensive language is not a substitute for an argument.
Treaties certainly arn't "treaties period" otherwise the profession of
law would be a somewhat less skilled one. There is clearly considerable
complexity in the interpretation of treaties and in determining the
scope of their application, the various remedies they provide for and so
on. I think I would take Perry's disbelief that a person is a lawyer becuse
he disagrees with him as reflecting more on Perry than anyone else.
All contrary views are rejected... hmm...

@_date: 1995-11-08 05:37:44
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
I thought Peter was arguing that the separation of powers would be
affected? Surely this would be a constitutional question?
On the strict ultra-vires question and enforcement on non US citizens
may I sugest two hypotheticals?
Hyptotheical A:
I develop a crypoto system in Geneva and pass the source code to my
co-worker. Neither of us have export certificates.
Hypothetical B:
I set up an anonymous FTP site to recieve PGP from abroad. It arrives and I hand it over to Fred who has agreed to distribute any material.
It seems to me that in Hypothetical B I am certainly acting in a manner which a US court might consider to be something the US government might
seek to prevent. Effectively I would be trafficing. The fact that I only hand the goods over to non-US citizens would appear to be irrelevant.
Defining the precise distinction between what is covered and what is not is difficult. It is easier to draw the boundaries broadly and let the courts decide what is clearly outside the scope. it is not necessarily in the governments interests to have sharply defined lines

@_date: 1995-11-09 05:37:26
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
Various treaties provide that various privilleges will be granted to various citizens of the countries concerned. Do the treaties grant such privilleges in this case? Just because there is a treaty on nuclear disarmament between the US and the USSR does not mean that you as a private citizen can press for enforcement through the courts if you think that the USSR is not performing.
Perry used the phrase "lobotomized mongoloid judge" I think that this
type of language is offensive and unnecessary.
Ad hominem is a perfectly valid form of argument where one is considering
the reputation of the person making the statement. I don't think that the type of language and tactics Perry uses reflect well upon him. What is
"I am starting to have trouble believing you are a lawyer." if not ad hominem in any case?

@_date: 1995-11-10 01:10:17
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Worth of Crypto Consulting 
I know some people who charge $500 a day and others who charge $5000
It basically depends on reputation and knowledge.

@_date: 1995-11-15 09:00:13
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
The extra gigits I was refering to are the ones on the front of the card but not embossed.
Credit card data formats are avaliable in an issue of phrack. There is
also an article on credit card abuse "safe and esay carding by VaxBuster".
VaxBuster is I believe currently living in a secured community somewhere
in Texas making little ones out of big ones.l
PS Simon is right about Blum Blum Shub, note that there is a new PRNG
avaliable called Pew, Pew, Barley, McGrew.

@_date: 1995-11-15 10:52:04
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
The articile misses the point. What the credit card cos are worried about is the disclosure of credit card numbers in bulk by merchant servers connected incompetently to the internet. The issue of customer exposure is a non issue, regulation E means that there is no customer risk.
There is in fact a distinction between "card present" and "card not present"
transactions. AMEX cards for example have an extra group of four digits which are not part of the embossed card number. They are used as additional verification to prove that a card is present. In general a merchant pays a lower commission for card present transactions to reflect the reduced risk.
The point of the article is that people running roung like headless chickens because of Internet insecurity miss the main point, the security is no worse than the real world we just have rather higher standards.
What it does mean is that people like myself will be able to make a nice living explaining to people what security issues to forget and which ones to worry like hell about.

@_date: 1995-11-16 00:24:34
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
For AMEX, it apears not! Or at least there is a requirement for the assistant to enter the extra four digits in certain cases. The precise
nature of the circumstance when they are required to be card present I
am not sure (in fact I would bet they vary).
There is no reason why the magnetic strip should necessarily be considered
to be card present. It is easy enough to forge, readers need not be
attended (eg petrol pumps).
I'm not sure on the exact rules, I don't pay $80 for the privillege of having
Thew main point I was responding to was the "add information to card that
is not on the stripe" point of the original poster.

@_date: 1995-11-16 11:24:19
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: COE Recommendation No. R (95) 13 
This is that Council of Europe "Ban Crypto" paper. It is of course
nothing like what it is claimed to be In particular:
6. The law should permit investigating authorities to avail themselves
of all necessary technical measures that enable the collection of traffic
data in the investigation of crimes. "COLLECTION" - not comprehension
8. Criminal procedure laws should be reviewed with a view to making
possible the interception of telecommunications and the collection of
traffic data in the investigation of serious offenses against the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of telecommunications or
computer systems. This is simply to fix the German data protection laws and similar, some of which might prevent a sysop monitoring a hacker on a system they were I think the majority of the text is well thought out and very much in
line with what we would want. The piece on encryption is a cop out
to please the French and Dutch. Read it carefully and you will see
it says absolutely nothing.
We have been had again...
Rule number one of politics, always assume that the enemy are misrepresenting their case. Council of Europe declarations are almost always implemented because they say almost nothing. It is a very
clear statement of some concerns which it would be nice if the US authorities understood - separation of search and seizure.
This is not a trend in which Europe is following the US. We are
simply thinking about the effect of technology on law enforcement
rather than reacting to its effects.
Found this written up in cipher, well worth a visit.
Phillip M. Hallam-Baker            Not speaking for anoyone else
hallam at w3.org Information Superhighway -----> Hi-ho! Yow! I'm surfing Arpanet!

@_date: 1995-11-16 11:59:41
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: THE FRONT PAGE 
I've edited this down, for fair use reasons, you can get the idea... Worth subscribing to this paper BTW.

@_date: 1995-11-16 19:50:52
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: COE Recommendation No. R (95) 13 
Well if you want to eliminate all search and seisure powers of the courts
then that is a valid point to make. The point of the directive though
is to point out to the legislatures that they have to consider their
position on this one.
I'm not particularly keen on the idea that we should hope that the legislatures let this type of change happen by default. They are not going to do that, they may let things slide but they then are more
likely to do something reactionary when they realise they have been
had. And that reaction is likely to be anal.
Parse it carefully, its implications depend heavily on the interpretation
of "legitimate use" and "strictly necessary". Point is that it is not a directive to implement a Euro-Clipper program
which is what various spin doctors were claiming. The deputy director of the
NSA tried to use it as evidence to support his claim that other countries
are following the US position.
Mind you I may be wrong about the French. Someone suggested today that
they would prefer there to be no debate on crypto because they don't
want people to find out what they are up to.

@_date: 1995-11-17 07:31:12
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
This is not quite accurate. In the US there is that distinction, in the UK
the credit card co is responsible. For that reason the requirement that
goods be delivered to the billing address _ONLY_ is strictly enforced.
Good to hear that!

@_date: 1995-11-18 02:23:12
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: COE Recommendation No. R (95) 13 
There is no such right in most (if not all) european countries. In
France there is not even the presumption of innocence.
The British Conservatives have recently passed a criminal justice
Bill which abolishes the right to silence and most other protections
for the defendant. They are busy writing another.
That is not to say US politicians are any better. Congress is busily rolling back on all the protections they can. Got to fill those jails
somehow you know.

@_date: 1995-11-18 07:42:01
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: COE Recommendation No. R (95) 13 
Pity the British Tories do not understand that. Because they brought in
the stupid "right of the prosecution to bring attention to the defendants refussal to answer questions" it probably means that a
very large number of current prosecutions will get sent down in about
three years time. Guess the cost of that!
It was only done because they had nothing else to spout at their conference.
My father (who is a conservative and whose cousin was chairman of the party
until recently) said he felt sick when he saw the conference on TV. Three strikes and you are out type stuff... Actually there is a set of crimes relating to fraud where there is a specific crime of refusal to answer interrogation. They messed this one
up as well. Rather than phrase it that the trustees of a fund have a duty to
account for the whereabouts of the funds at all times when asked they
simply removed the right to silence. Since trustees take on a position
voluntarily I don't see the same problems in requiring them to perform
certain duties (which involve disclosure) as removing their right to I don't think that the right to remain silent would be read in the manner
asserted however. It is a question of refusal to provide materal evidence
rather than a refusal to testify.

@_date: 1995-11-21 03:13:03
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Junk E-Mail" 
I think it would be better to slap a RICO suit onto the company concerned.
It sound to me like an attempt to gain financial advantage through threatening behaviour. Where I come from that means jail time.

@_date: 1995-11-21 06:45:58
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in Indonesia ? 
Absolutely. We designed it this way. One of the key ideas was to provide such governments with a choice between having their power structures erroded by democratic influences or to sink into technological obsolecence.
The US govt. stands to do best from all this. Democratic govt.s in general
will win. Those that will lose are those which attempt to stamp a political or cultural orthodoxy on their people. Communication is the greatest threat to tyranny. That is why all tyrannies must control communications. It is worth considering that when Stalin died
he was considered the saviour of the country, even by those who should have
known the truth. It was only afte Kruschev's speech to the closed session
that the truth became known inside the party. Note that even those who were
the victims of the oppression had believed that Stalin was a hero. "It is
a mistake", "if only Stalin knew" yet Stalin knew all along and this was obvious to the outside observer.
East Germany fell when the size of the defections became known within the country. It was clear that the regime was bankrupt and that people were
voting with their feet. Cuba will not be brought down by sanctions, that policy has failed for
thirty years and shows no signs of achieving anything. On the other hand
the communist structures would probably be sewpt away in months were the US
to admit defeat (thus acknowledging the Cuban peoples "victory") and start package tourist flights. Once it was in the interests of the nomenclatura
to become capitalists they would change.
South Africa was not brought down by sanctions per se, they had an
effect because they demonstrated that the Western world did not accept
the appartheid principles. South Africa tried to see itself as a part
of the West and that was crucial to the apartheid mindset. Sanctions
demonstrated that South Africa was not considered a friend or aly.

@_date: 1995-11-21 07:41:42
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Dear Newt" Letter... 
Hmm, not sure that it gets us anywhere. The Republicans seem to be even
more keen on wiretap and anti-privacy legislation than the Democrats.
Its called "being tough on crime".
After the airplane seat incident I don't see Newt in the running for President so it probably misses the mark. He might slip in a rider on
a bill but if you look at who gets that sort of treatment it correlates
very well with donations, silicon valley seems to be backing Clinton
walet wise.
I would not expect Bob Dole to be resisting pressure from the NSA on this
one more forcefully than Clinton (which let us be clear ain't very
forcefully at all).
I thought the quality of writing rather poor, the points are made in polemic, partisan terms which can be made in non-partisan terms. If I
were Newt this letter would say to me "we will vote for you anyway", so
why should Newt bother to pander? The ad hoc ginger groups listed are
a bit odd, the authors are associated with much better known (if
fruitcake) groups.

@_date: 1995-11-21 21:45:56
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security [NOISE] 
I'm not sure where the policy of whether posts from foo.com should be
considered policy of foo.com but they certainly are considered in that
Rather than have this discussion here how about people read up the threat in
Hal Abelson's course on Ethics of the Electronic frontier?
One point to be made is that at Universities we all have university accounts because people realise that there is no connection between our views and institute policy. The freedom to hold unpopular views being part of what universities are all about. On the other hand there is no such assuption concerning posts from foo.com.
I suspect that even in the UK one could sack an employee for making stupid statements from an Internet account. Particularly if they might lead a person to doubt the sanity of the person concerned.
On Phil Stromer, I don't think the Internet posts were the only point at issue. He was very offensive however, it was not merely the views he posted but the manner in which he made them that caused offense. He also made a lot of assertions concerning other posters which might have led to legal action against Sun.

@_date: 1995-11-22 06:41:33
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Dear Newt" Letter... 
And where does that get us? Did Newt stop the Exon bill in its tracks?
Did he do anything to stop the wiretap bill?
If Newt is all stewed up then how come there isn't a provision in his
budget bill to force these laws to be dismantled the same way that there
are provisions on just about every other part of his agenda?
Face it, Newt may speak from the heart, but he acts from his pocket.
We haven't put enough into his back pocket to get attention.

@_date: 1995-11-23 09:51:45
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Dear Newt" Letter... 
Yes and Coates is a Republican, Meanwhile Grassley and Dole have a parallel set of lossage. Incidentaly on the Exon-Coates ammendment, look into the connections between Rimm and the Christian right. The legal footnotes were apparently drafted by legal council for the Christian Coalition. Granted there are few friends of the Christian Right's manifesto on the Internet, I personally consider them an entryist group which the Republicans should recognise as a liability. The point was that the original post made the assumption that the Republicans were somehow differentiated from the Democrats on this. Its simply not true. Clipper was started under Bush (or possibly Regan) and Clinton carried it over without change. I don't see any sign at present that a Republican president wouldn't simply continue as well.
The only way something is going to get done is if the Clipper program gets labeled with the "take out with the trash" tag. Essentially there are always a whole series of civil service initiatives that continue from administration to administration that everybody knows are looser ideas but it is easier to continue with them than give the opposition an opportunity to claim that it was a retreat. It sounds (and is) a stupid way to do politics but that is the way it works. For some reason the american people consider stopping a bad policy to be a "flip-flop" and hence something which demonstrates the unfitness of the office holder, just as willingness to negotiate is "vacillation". Its not a new principle. Clinton axed a whole raft of programs that the Bush adminstration had realised were losers but had continued for the same reason.
What you have to avoid here is making the issue one of party politics. First off you will lose because you will bet on the losing side at least half the time. Secondly policies that get into the party political arena end up being treated in an absolutist and ideological manner which prevents any common sense input. You are likely to find both sides taking positions you don't like simply because it is advantageous politically.
Secondly you are likely to win the argumkent in the Congress and then lose it in the Whitehouse. The next administration will be either Dole or Clinton, more likely Clinton because Dole is a fossil and the next election will not be about the second world war or the cold war, it will be about responding to new technology. Neither Dole nor Clinton is likely to respond well to a mandate from congress concerning issues of national security. That is the card the FBI will play. The NSA have their own card but none of us know what their real concern What I am saying is that we must not allow the Congress to attempt to beat up the Whitehouse. They simply do not have leverage on this issue. No President will overule the experts on a matter of National security lightly, if it is a partisan congressional mandate it will be much easier to reject.
A much better strategy is to portray the FBI as being a rogue agency acting outside their brief. The debate must be turned from a simple question of privacy versus national security which you will lose regardless of which party is in power to one of ecconomic security versus short term national security. You need to point out the ecconomic cost of insecure communications. You have to bring to light the behaviour of the French for example. Make it clear that US companies are loosing business because the French regularly tap fax communications.
Make it clear that encryption is essential to provide high grade protection against hackers.
The privacy issue may be what drives cypherpunks but it is not the argument which will work in the arena you need to be heard in. They do not care about privacy, most particularly not protection against government intrusion. They are not even that concerned about protecting individuals privacy against corporate If you make it a party issue you will not only lose but risk turning the clock the other way. At the moment everyone knows that the export control laws are not stopping people from getting PGP. It is not a good idea to rub peoples noses in it. It is easy to ignore export violations by turning a blind eye. It is difficult to turn a blind eye when people are so anxious to announce what is going on. Phil Z. is not having problems because he wrote PGP, he is having problems because he made sure the FBI couldn't pretend they did not know what was going on.
If you make encryption a party issue then one of those Grassley bills will pass and the President in power may not veto it.

@_date: 1995-11-30 02:56:06
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Judge won't drop Netcom from suit 
The article looks like it was written from the scoentologists press release.
The judgement was posted in alt.religion.scientology. The actual judgement was far from a success for the scientologists.

@_date: 1995-11-30 04:22:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Medical Records 
Exactly! We need to point out that crypto is essential to protect us from criminals. Some criminials may use crypto technology, just as they use faxes and portable phones. But just because a portable phone could be used by a drug dealer does not mean they should be illegal.
Jim Bizdos just pinned a rather cool poster to the wall of the 3rd florr coffee lounge here at MIT today. It has a woman on a phone labeled "escrow enabled" and then the spooks listening in from a post marked "escrow integrity center". The motto is "A good Marketing Agency Listens to its Customers - We Hear You!"

@_date: 1995-11-30 16:03:36
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Proprietary" internetworking protocols (was RE: The future will be  easy to use ) 
Both Netscape and Sun had a product that had a large number of seats. From what I have seen the POTP have diddly squat in the way of seats.
Looking at the market today it is clear that there are fewer oppotunities to do that type of roll out. Netscape and Sun were running just ahead of a market. Today I don't see how many people will want to abandon PGP for a product that is indistinguishable from smoke 'n mirrors.

@_date: 1995-12-01 04:22:42
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: WTO an even worse possibility as Inet regulator 
Depends on what the role of the Czar is. If it is to stop sillyness like border disputes and keep national governments out of the loop then it
could be a good thing. If they want to regulate it is a bad thing.
WTO is mainly known for the GATT which they brokered. This is basically
an agreement amongst national governments to be "hands off" in their
tariff regulations. There is the potential for governments to regulate the Internet. It is
in everyone's interest to keep hands off but if one starts to regulate
then it is in others interests to regulate. The general soulution to
prisoners dilema games is to form some type of alliance. It is not
possible to form alliances in classical prisoners dilemas since they
are restricted to a single dilema at a time. Givernments are involved
with multiple dilemas and hence have multiple agreements. The main reason to
keeo a treaty is that the credibility of government depends on keeping treaties. Thus a treaty can solve a prisoners dilema problem since the gain from breaking one treaty is more than offset by the potential loss
through other sides abrogating other treaties.
I suspect that the role of an Internet Czar would be mainly ensuring that fat Internet pipes arrived throughout the third world. George Sorros has
been very active in this area, he paid for much of the infrastructure
development into Eastern Europe. If we could persuade Bill Gates that his mission in life was to cable Africa to the Internet somehow we might have the
whole planet online before 2000.
I would not be too worried about WTO banning crypto or attempting looney
tune ideas like insisting on OSI protocols. The UN generally does some very worthwhile work in allocating radio frequencies and such like and has done so for many years without problems. They allocate areas of the clarke belt for satelites and do all sorts of mundane tasks.
One of the odd things about power is that the larger the scale the more mundane the decisions. At the local level councillors decide to build or close schools and hospitals. At the global level negotiations are held on the size of holes in fishing nets and the exact specifications of ball bearings.
If people want to see the Federal government weakened in power the only way to do so is to make it ceed power both upwards and downwards. A national speed limit may be a bad idea (I personally think what was wrong was 55mph) but national standard roadsigns is a good idea. International standard roadsigns are a better idea still.

@_date: 1995-12-01 04:45:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Netscape, Corporations, and GAK Support 
Folks, lay of Netscape on this one. _EVERYONE_ is doing Terissa for the feds to
use themselves. There are reporting requirements (FOI) which most people on this list seem to enjoy which make the privacy issue moot. There are other people who do not want to have non escrowed data flowing over their internal nets, nuclear installations etc.
When I was involved in the site security area there was no way I would allow messages to be bouncing round the internal net which I could not read. They
might well be from trojan horses planted inside the net sending data out.
Key escrow is not bad in itself. It is the idea that individuals be forced to use it for private conversations that is the bad idea.
If people want to argue "make the technology avaliable and it will be abused" then
let them. Just remember that we normally argue the other side of the case.

@_date: 1995-10-02 09:55:52
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: WHERE did this come from? 
Does anyone know the officials who are investigating? I have some additional information. It appears that someone may have obtained the cypherpunks mailing list and used it as the basis for the Spam. This is a serious matter.

@_date: 1995-10-03 08:05:29
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Simple Hardware RNG Idea 
Thermal noise is a much less hazardous mechanism. Ionising radiation is a pain to deal with, it is something one generally attempts to get rid of in a fabrication process if possible. Environmental radiation is a strong polluting source.
There are plenty of other quantum phenomena which can be tapped. Essentially all one needs to do is to build a very high gain amplifier "baddly". The main difficulty is removing bias. One can either go through filtering hohaa or use say MD5. The trully paranoid could Xor together an odd number of  MD5 samples just in case there were bit pattern dependencies.

@_date: 1995-10-15 20:00:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Illegally canceled articles on Microsoft Security Bugs 
Microsoft employee. I spoke to a very senior Microsoft person who was well
aware that security of Microsoft products would be examined and that chances are that bugs would be found. Point being that they would much prefer the
to be discovered by people who tell them about the bugs rather than people
who aim to exploit them.
They will get what is comming to them sooner or later and I expect that it will take judicial and unpleasant form.

@_date: 1995-10-17 12:19:12
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: San Diego Cypherpunks Physical Meeting 
How about a combined message digest/url barcoded into the card?
Then standard scanner type software could be programmed to pick it up.
So how to get 128 bits + ??? for the URL onto a card?
Limited resoultion here...
If someone has a proposal I can circulate it through to the W3C members. I'm sure there would be interest.

@_date: 1995-10-23 15:07:40
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "power one time pad" 
Has David Kahn made such a statement? Where can I read the context in which it was made? Kahn is a historian of cryptography, not a cryptographer. On the basis of the documents made avaliable to me it looks like the standard linear feedback sequence generator hack. It does not appear to be a one time pad system in anything but name.
Often the best thing to do. I don't know who designed POTP nor what they created but if I use it and it fails I take the risk. Note that in the Mondex case if it fails Mondex take the hit.
As a final point one the security of one time pads is only guaranteed as long as the pads are never reused in any sense whatsoever. The system is exceptionaly fragile, the slightest breach of secuirty can destroy it, consider the Venona decrypts for example.
I'm thinking of writing a paper "How One Time Pads Fail" to discuss failures of "unbreakable systems". I have some new material on how to copy the Venona cracking method and also plan to analyse POTP and a few other alledged one time pad systems. If anyone knows of other alledged one time pad systems that weren't please email me and I'll include them.

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:17:43
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Hacking commercial systems. 
systems. Could I point out that this is not necessarily a good idea? One vendor I spoke to has a contract clause with sublicensees which requires a legal response in such situations. His opinion was that attempting such a crack on a "live" system consitituted conspiracy to commit fraud and organisation of the same could involve RICO penalties.
If a request were made for a sample of material to work on most companies would oblige and a refusal would provide protection against legal tactics. Most sensible companies would see the advantage of offering a reward.

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:33:21
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Mondex flaws? Re: Mark Twain Bank (was: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal) 
on the specs? I'm trying to find someone who does who is willing/able to talk.
secret and public parts of a public key incorporated (if thats what they are doing) hence what is the advantage of public key? Yet they have an on chip modular exponentiation device on the new silicon rev...
approach, not to protect the core protection but so as to permit a gradual approach to penetration detection. I would expect some type of tripwire to be built into the device such that a fraud attempt apparently succeeds but indicates that there is a problem.

@_date: 1995-10-24 10:15:03
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: MD5 weakness ? [was Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF] 
Ron has not mentioned such an event to me and if that were the case I would seriously doubt that he would not have been told about it. The only comment he generally makes is that he wrote MD5 because "MD4 was making me nervous".
Netscape do not simply use the MD5 of the message, they are using (as I understand it) the PKCS standard for makoing the signature. If not they probably have severe problems.
NIST and the NSA trusted MD4 sufficiently to base SHA upon it. SHA is preferable in many ways to MD5, it has a different approach to extending the scheduling and resist differential cryptanalysis. There is a problem with the compressor function of MD5 which I dislike. This is fairly irrelevant though since SSL allows other digests to be used.

@_date: 1995-10-25 09:30:04
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Mark Twain Bank (was: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal) 
Perhaps someone with US legal experience might care to comment on the enforceability of such a clause. Surely the nature of
the relationship is defined by its character and not soley by a contract disclaimer.
Good luck then!
Wouldn't it be convenient if such clauses were enforcable?
These seem pretty dangerous to me if enforcable. They would effectively usurp the power of the courts as arbiter. Although
I have less confidence in the competence of a jury than that
of judges I'm pretty sure that the UK courts would consider
such contract clauses in a dim light.
Hmm, wana bet?
This is not a commercial contract between buisnesses it is clearly offering a consumer service. It is not the result of informed
negotiation between sides armed with lawyers, it is a very one sided
contract. This brings up a major problem with Chaum's schemes,
there has to be trust in the financial institution. Contracts such
as this do not inspire confidence. Mark Twain bank have a
confidence problem in any case, when I mentioned their name
as DigiCash licensees to an audience yesterday they laughed.
Consumers have votes, they are not afraid of regulation. Forget
the pap you see spouted by politicians about deregulation, they
simply mean remove the regulations that negatively affect our interests, their supporters are likewise. It is ironic that the Credit card cos biggest advantage in cyberspace and other mail order turns out to be the $50 limit on consumer exposure to loss. This is another side of regulation
E that people don't mention so often.
Lets wait a while and see how long it takes for the Fed to ring
up "dear boy, we have a few questions....".

@_date: 1995-10-25 14:08:48
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Payments FAQ 
payments info happens to be. Here is the URL of an overview I produced.
You can find SEPP from here and most other schemes, even Magic
Money for cypherpunks afficianados.

@_date: 1995-10-27 06:31:59
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: MD4-derived hash functions 
It was after...
3DES with only two independent keys is only slightly more secure than
DES, consider a variant of the meet in the middle attack exploiting the fact that the constraint network is reductible to two equations
in one unknown.
Yes, see Bruce's book.

@_date: 1995-10-28 06:02:28
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Rabin Patents. 
Anyone know who is currently claiming Patent rights over the Rabin public key encryption and signature schemes? Is it RSADSI
or Cylink ... or both?

@_date: 1995-10-31 00:41:28
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Digicash will not fly (not) 
Not quite 3% in that sense. The rate is varfiable 35 ce3nts plus 3%
being typical. The essential point is that this is insurance on the
deal. If the buyre does not pay their bill the money is still paid
to the merchant. If the goods are faulty the buyer may have recourse
against the card co (UK consumer credit act).
The charging structure of Digicash should be different however. Digicash
is like Mondex, it effectively gives the operator a signorage rights
which can be highly profitable in themselves. The cash in the Digicash scheme is earning interest for Mark Twain Bank.
Comment heard at the firm "It's time to make another backup of the Internet". :-)

@_date: 1995-10-31 01:04:15
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Important Digital Cash Question... 
Thats Lessen, not Leeson. As in "I will lessen the amount of money you
have on deposit".
Actually you should have names beginning with I and A for Issuer and Aquirer.. But that messes up Alice. I think that the bankers name should be Ethel however.

@_date: 1995-10-31 12:54:37
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
I disagree. Basically Simon simply has to stick in some parameters so that
the crypto alg can change with time. There should be slots for the following algs :-
Symmetric cipher	IDEA, RC4, 3DES
Keyed Digest		KD* (paper to follow, there are 7 to chose from).
Key exchange		Diffie-Helleman, El Gammal, RSA
Signature		RSA, El Gammal, Rabin (Shamir variation), DSS
Hash functions		MD5, SHA
I don't think that we are intending to tap Simons skill in designing ciphers. We have Ron Rivest and Taher El Gamal for that, plus help from
Adi Shamir and if we get stuck I'll bang on some other doors. I really don't think we have a problem lacking cryptographers. Simon is putting in security input which is different. We have an equally star studded cast for that side of things (and if we get stuck I'll e-mail some more characters).

@_date: 1995-11-01 04:16:56
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
MD5 is pretty well entrenched in IETF circles and since RSAREF only
provides Md2, MD4 and MD5 there has to be an option to use at least one of them. MD5 is the best of that set IMHO.
For Phil Rogaway's comments on keyed MD5 see :-
Unfortch much of the information he gave in his talk appears not to be there. C'est la vie as they say in Canada.
Also the cryptobytes article Miclael found an online for is well worth a look. I would have quoted it but I didn't know it was avaliable in e-form. The
cryptobytes articles are well worth reading in general.
Also on Phil's page:
 Mihir Bellare, Roch Guerin and Phillip Rogaway
     XOR MACs: New methods for message authentication using finite pseudorandom      Crypto '95.

@_date: 1995-11-01 05:45:06
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
Yes we reviewed it and said that it sucked.
Phil wrote a note to Ron and Ron sent in a series of comments. I suggested that
the idea of a keyed digest be stated as a separate concept from a hash function.
Functions of one variable are intrinsically different from functions of two The sequence of events I heard was that they asked Burt Kaliski for a suggestion,
he gave them one and they chose something different.
GSS is often brought up on occasions like this. I have never seen an architectural
overview of what it is trying to achieve for me or how. When I am provided with a clear definition of what it is I hope to arrive at a clear explanation of why I'm not using it. Unfortunately the RFC process strips the rationale
part out of the specs.

@_date: 1995-11-01 08:27:05
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
This is a must do item, Simon is haviung to do >lots< of this.
One way of looking at HTTP is as a huge negotiation mechanism. Another way to
look at HTTP is as a large dougnut with sugar frosting, the first is more widely There has to be more than one crypto mechanism so don't chose. In fact I forgot to add our favourite algorithms, such as Skipjack in OFB mode to the list :-)
What DES modes should be bothered with? I always feel that the lumping in of every cipher mode under the sun is an irritation. We need a transparent cipher, looking very much like a stream cipher (hence the probable reason for Simon hankering after RC4). We could use CFB or OFB. I don't like OFB myself, it seems to be a bit lame to only XOR a stream of pseudo random stuff with the plaintext. CFB also has the stream cipher like property that incomplete blocks can be decoded provided that the stride is set right, this means that for a 64 bit block cipher one is 8 time slower :-(
Anyone any ideas on the following ?
    x = IV
    SEQ
    	c[i] = E(x,K) XOR p[i]
    	x = c[i] This is essentially OFB mode but instead of having an XOR with an alledged random number generator (which I find disturbing), there is a mix in of the output.
Other mixes to try ?
OFB is the following BTW :-
Note that there may be value in keeping the IV secret in this case. There is probably some hack that means that the IV can be finessed but it looks like work.

@_date: 1995-11-01 10:17:46
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, and HTTP-NG 
Just gone off and read the papers again. The Keyed MD5 proposal currently described in one of the drafts is indeed one of those that was suggested in the cryptobytes article. I remember reading another calling itself "Keyed MD5" at the time of the rumpus Perry refered to.
The response that had been communicated back was that the IP sec work was going to standard anyway despite the objections. The suggestion which had started people off was that of MAC_a(x) = MD5(a.x.a). Nobody ever mentioned that IP sec had changed the construction (which is a good thing).
The point still stands however that there will have to be more than one algorithm supported and that HTTP-NG cannot assume that a particular algorithm or construction will be used. Keyed-MD5 is still an MD5 variant, there are good reasons to think that a keyed digest could be constructed which would be faster than a hash function.

@_date: 1995-11-01 10:28:30
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Please send cash 
What if I start a Java applet then send it a faked TCP/IP packet from another host? Can I hotwire an outgoing connection that appears to be from the victim TCP/IP connections are not really all that directed. It is only the startup phase that is trully directed - someone has to start a conversation.
Planned sequence of events :
???? I'm not a TCP/IP hacker (much). I'll ask our guru tommorow after we
are done with the NSA.

@_date: 1995-11-01 10:48:37
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: CJR returned to sender 
No correspondence whatsoever. But then again MIT has some pretty meaty
lawyers and never gives in to nuisance suits (they recently paid $2 million
to fight one). Besides I doubt the head of the CIA would be too happy with
the NSA if they went of beating up MIT. NCSA got pretty well beaten up however.
I think that at the moment they are far to wound up trying to hope the Zimmerman case goes away that they want to start another.
Its simply a bunch of beureacrats looking to keep their jobs after the war. Each time someone in congress yelps more money for "defence" you get more of those people. They now have to justify their pay packet. Before too long someone will clue in on a way to save 150 million a year. Actually they have done already but it takes a while for things to happen. What do you expect? The US constitution is not designed to create an efficient government, its meant to stop them getting much done.

@_date: 1995-09-01 17:58:17
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Phil Zimmermann/Amnesty International? 
I think that two Amnesty policies are being confused. Amnesty does protest on behalf of prisoners of concience in all countries. It also has a rule which means that a group making a protest should come from outside the country concerned, this is a sensible means of preventing Amnesty becomming a vehicle for partisan protests. They have similar rules for when they send observers etc.
I don't think that Phil necessarily has to be arrested though. Amnesty might well wish to send someone to the trial to act as an observer.

@_date: 1995-09-03 12:52:12
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: ASN.1 and Kerberos version 5 
I don't think that the concept of ASN.1 is as bad as Jeff makes out. If it worked then ASN.1 would be very very usefull. But is just plain don't.
ASN.1 is worse than useless, it means that a very good idea is rendered unusable because of a baddly botched implementation.
The ambiguities of the ASN.1 spec are at least as bad as Jeff makes out. I have attempted to implement an ASN.1 compiler but I have little cofidence in its correctness because the structure of ASN.1 is so unweildy. It is not just ANY that causes problems, IMPLICIT is a complete cock up.
ASN.1 is poor because it is unecessarily complex, has little intelectual coherence and has been extended in a manner which conflicts with the original design principle. Is it any coincidence that ASN.1 backwards is the name of a well known organisation? Also the only person who has defended ASN.1 to my face happened to work for that organisation once.
So the motto is: ASN.1 - Just say NO!

@_date: 1995-09-04 16:11:55
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Emergency File Wipe Algorithim 
If the power is cycled as opposed to turned off only then a memory self test program will probably erase the data.

@_date: 1995-09-04 16:48:00
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: VCRPLUS Huffman code 
Challenge time !
C'mon - can do this by exhaustive search probably :-)
There is a lot of stuff in the satelite tv newsgroups on this topic.
I think its an item well worth cracking.

@_date: 1995-09-06 12:39:50
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Are booby-trapped computers legal? 
Under UK law it is certainly illegal to create any device with the
intention of causing greivous bodily harm to anyone. The right to self
defense is very precisely that, the right to take reasonable steps to defend yourself with commensurate force if attacked.
If someone hits you in the face you do not have the right to kill
him. If someone tries to do serious harm to you and the only way
to avoid that harm is to kill them that is self defense.
There is no self defense argument where the purpose is not to prevent
physical harm. Any device intended to cause harm to someone tampering with a computer
could well land the perpetrator in jail for a very long time for
attempted murder or murder.
People who go round drawing parallels to gun ownership and cryptography ownership are simply playing into the governments hands. Cryptography has net benefits to society. Most advocates of gun ownership tend to convince me of little more than they are a danger to society. Regardless of their case they are the biggest argument for gun control, and therfore poor advocates of their cause. I see their attempts to draw parallels with cryptography to be little more than trying to shore up their sinking ship with one thats afloat.

@_date: 1995-09-07 08:50:22
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: ON OFF-TOPIC 
Of course not, but I don't think that the 1776 result is up for review.
This isn't about crypto nor about the social effects of crypto. Its just another looney conspiracy theory.

@_date: 1995-09-07 09:10:00
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Cybersecurity 
The UK government looks at many things. Just because the US govt wants to do something daft and the UK wants to watch does not mean the UK wants to emulate The UK laabour party is opposed to key escrow "we do not accept the "clipper chip" argument". The Tories have less than half the level of popular support and are barely recognisable as a government.

@_date: 1995-09-07 17:14:46
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: GAK Hacks 
I think I would prefer the escrowed key to a row of 00's, if someone wanted to use decode the message they could just use the all 00's key :-)

@_date: 1995-09-07 19:17:10
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: ON OFF-TOPIC 
Poor you, the only major political party to come out with a pro crypto statement is a socialist party.
The problem is currently with the right wing, right wing democrats such as Clinton and practically all the Republicans. Crypto is outsi]de the left right debate which centers on ecconomic goals, whether to help the poor or the rich. The crypto debate is on the authoritarian/libertarian axis which is orthogonal. Geroge Orwell was a socialist, John Stuart Mill a Liberal, both had very anti-authoritarian views which used to be known as libertarian. If you want a debate on how to convince the authoritarians then perhaps you will get some interest. Trying to make crypto control out to be a left/right or pro/anti gun control issue is no more relevant than the pro/anti abortion

@_date: 1995-09-09 11:43:35
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Scientology/Wollersheim as test case for key disclosure 
One solution to this problem would be to modify PGP so that the session key for the document was released rather than the passphrase for the public key. The former would provide only read access, the latter would allow th scientologists to forge Wollerstein's signature on other material. In addition many of the documents may be subject to privillege.
I would have thought that there would be grounds to oppose the court action in any case on various grounds, not least the previous judgement which the Scientologists lost and have failed to pay the damages awarded. There might also be grounds to oppose disclosure if the case was brought in order to obtain secret material rather than for legitimate purposes.
In the UK the judge can be asked to review documents and decide whether they should be made avaliable.
Surely the disclosure laws would work in wollerstein's favour in any case. He can request disclosure of internal Scientology material.

@_date: 1995-09-12 16:23:36
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
Hang on a sec, what is meant to be the conspiracy?
I don't see any relationship to cryptography here. The material in question was published very publicaly. If you make a public statement about a person then they have a right to hear it. I see that the message on log file confidentiality is not getting through though.
I happen to know that the US government is very interested in hearing the views of its citizens, and also the views of citizens of other countries. They are interested in particular about views relating to the actions of the US government, what the government is doing and what it could do. "anti-president views" are of great importance if it is known why those views are held.
In my country we call that listening. I have just spent a couple of days talking with a group of people looking at how we can do that better. There is a considerable barrier to being involved in the political process, perhaps the Web can reduce that barrier. The problem being how to handle the massive amounts of DO NOT DO THIS.
The secret service is required by law to investigate every single threat. This costs a very considerable amount of money which comes from your taxes. There is no discresion in the matter. Hence the only method of reducing the number of alarms is to arrest people and make an example of them. Unless you want to be the example do not do this.
I don't know which those machines are, however there are a large number of Web browsers in the Whitehouse and there are a large number of staffers. There is also a Web browser outside the oval office for visitors to use while they are waiting. If you make it your buisness to print nasty material about people then don't be suprized if they read it. The material has probably been picked up by a search engine in any case.
There is no conspiracy here unless you are very determined to find one. Given the nature of the article it does not appear that a balanced view of the administration was being sought in any case. I happen to know that Newt Gingrich's staffers and Weld's staffers also surf the Web, are they "monitoring anti-Newt dissidents?", I suspect not. I don't get the impression that our anonymous source has sent a complaint in that direction. I spend a considerable amount of time getting people in power to listen to the net community. I get very pissed off when a bunch of conspiracy nuts try to make out that they have been doing anything wrong when they do.
As a matter of ethics I consider information in log files private. This was certainly considered to be the case in the Marty Rimm affair. The posting was clearly designed to intimidate the Whitehouse staffers into not visiting those sites, it was possible that they might have lost their net.access entirely as a result of the complaint. I consider the letter sent to Terzano to be unethical since the staffers had a right to expect their privacy to be preserved.
If people want to talk about cryptography and the President we can discuss whether he should put a digital signature on his press releases.
I think the use of the word dissident in the message is an insult, both to the dissidents in the Eastern Europe and other places who have suffered genuine persecution and to the democratic institutions and people of the United States.
Not speaking for anyone else.

@_date: 1995-09-12 19:27:57
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
Yes, they are far too cheap to hire, they would go off somewhere and smochze the info outa folks.
If they ever want an anonymous proxy server they are wellcome to use ours.
Seriously folks I'm very pissed about the abuse of log file information. The Whitehouse restrict browsing privilleges to a chosen few. The attempt to make a big deal out of it could have cost someone their job (it didn't in this case).
If we are serious about privacy I think we should be very clear that we respect the privacy of Whitehouse staffer and staffers in the Senate and House. I'm not being partisan about this, I have put a lot of effort into getting participation from the right as well as the left. I've just not been very successful in that

@_date: 1995-09-12 21:03:34
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
Absolutely, just as there is an assumption that private email will not be distributed over USEnet.
There is a clear expectation of privacy. Just as the user of a USEnet server has an expectation of privacy. The question of what is legitimate to use log file data for is a very keenly debated one at W3 conferences.

@_date: 1995-09-13 08:19:14
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Whitehouse "dissident" and net monitoring 
Nope they don't the Democratic party aides do that type of work from Democrat The President gets a once a week summary of all the mail he gets including the email.  I think they also provide a daily press digest.
By monitoring Lytel was probably thinking about installing net sniffers etc or obtaining the data from the FBI or whoever. I am certain he didn't mean to say that he does not surf the net ever and does not occasionaly visit opposition sites. The term monitor implies an organised search and continuous checking proceedure. the number of hits cited sounds more like somone passed round the URL of a kook site inside the office.

@_date: 1995-09-13 15:19:26
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
I don't think that there will be anything on Foster, if anyone had anything they would have used it. All that has come up is that some of Fosters files marked secret were placed in a safe after he committed suicide. What is going to happen is that a lot of the mud is going to get rebutted, on both sides. Take the Hillary Clinton Cattle deals for example, the media claim was that Hillary invested $1,000 and made $100,000. This is not true. She was asked to put up $1,000 as margin by her broker. Margin is not invested, it is simply a down payment on risk capital. Her broker knew that Hilary could cover very much more if there was a margin call. Hillary was selling options not buying them. In the selling game you have unlimited liability but can only make a fixed profit. If you lose selling an option the money is only due at the end of the contract. So Hillary did not invest $1000, in fact she invested nothing, but she did put up her entire assets as risk capital just as a Lloyds name does in the insurance market.
The key question is whether the kooks win and the net just degenerates into conspiracy theories and so nobody takes any notice of really heinous stuff or whether the net injects some facts into the political debate. The net can be used for both allegations and rebuttal. That type of environment would constitute a genuine information democracy.
High ups have better things to do with their time than watch conspiracy theorists blather on. Underlings as not net.enabled. If you think thats bad check out the Congress, they have a limit on the number of Internet enabled staffers per senator and congressbeing. I keep trying to get the message across about T3 lines but they don't seem to get the message. Ever wondered why these poor folks can't use email for their organisations..?
If you are wondering about the cypherpunkness of all this I think that these guys should all be using PGP. I'm very carefull to give them the url for the European distribution site however :-)
Like I have a choice of going to Comonwealth gas or not having any lights in the Not speaking for anyone else.

@_date: 1995-09-14 09:42:30
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: DD, pedaphiles, and Terrorists, oh my 
Nope, its more likely to be because of the telecommunications bill and the Exon ammendment. They are demonstrating the sufficiency of existing laws.
We never used to see kiddie porn on the internet. The net would go balistic if a picture of a teen age nude was posted. Recently there has been a flood of hard core paedophile material.

@_date: 1995-09-14 10:55:48
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Annonymous Web proxies. 
There has been a lot of debate about setting up of annonymous Web proxies. There are many thousand already deployed. Any Web proxy which does not keep logs is effectively an annonymous Web proxy.
Just download the CERN server and run it.
The point about monitoring such sites is an apt one. Iwork under the assumption that I am monitored because if I was a spook I would be monitoring me. Most of the discoveries of security holes arrive at my door sooner rather than later. I would have monitored the communist party for the same reason, it was one of the the most obvious place for the soviets to attempt infiltration, the other being the authoritarian establishment right.

@_date: 1995-09-14 20:11:58
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Explaining Zero Knowledge to your children 
The cave analogy sucks.
The way I tried to explain Zero Knowledge is this:
Imagine that you have a duplicator device which you want to sell, you don't
want to explain why it works to the buyer however since then they would just make their own (patents have been abolished by this time). You also don't want the buyer to be able to prove to anyone else that you have a duplicator.
So what you do is you play the "what hand is it in game" and you do this with a 10$ bill provided by the buyer and who records its serial number. You hold the original article in one hand and the duplicate in the other. The buyer choses one hand, you show the article in that hand. The buyer knows you had a 50:50 chance of a lucky guess so you do it again, each time the probability of getting it right by a lucky guess halves. After 10 tries or so it is virtually certain that you were not faking.
Any better ideas...

@_date: 1995-09-14 20:22:10
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: DD, pedaphiles, and Terrorists, oh my 
Yes, I was specificaly refering to hard core images depicting intercourse with minors, including very young children. This was injected into the USEnet over a period of about 3 months from a number of sites. I do not know if the persons arrested today are the alledged source.

@_date: 1995-09-16 10:34:22
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" Newsgroup vs. Mailing List? 
Bad idea, it would simply mean that every kook on USEnet would add alt.cypherpunks onto the crossposting line. We would have black helicopters, gun loons, Waco Wako's, Loonytarians and turkish government propaganda spamming I think we should wait a while. I see USEnet going through some very dramatic changes quite soon, the infrastructure of newsgroups is now insufficient to support the cognitive complexity of discorse amongst so many people. I expect more structures discorse models such as the lightweight link semantics of Openmeeting and Wit to percolate in, NCSA already have a version of hypernews with these features.
One thought to ponder on. There is no real difference in terms of resources required between a mailing list and an archive of a mailing list at a Web site. The latter does avoid a large number of unnecessary dispatches however.

@_date: 1995-09-16 21:30:30
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
I know companies who have spent millions cleaning up after a hacker breakin. I've been up at two in the morning trying to stop a person with known mental problems breaking into a site with some very dangerous computer controlled machinery. I've dealt with people trying to get rich quick by defrauding others. I've met some real evil bastards who simply want to ruin as many other peoples lives as they possibly can, including people that thought they were their To me teenagers who break into computer systems are not funny at all, its like joyriding, its funny until someone gets hurt. I know people who have got hurt real bad.
I like having privacy, part of the cost of that privacy is respecting the privacy of others.

@_date: 1995-09-17 13:39:22
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Commercial Mixmaster 
I seem to remember that Julf took over Stephie's code from Wizvax which used to post into the alt.sex.bondage group. I suspect he has modified it since but I don't think that there is much to it. Even if Julf released some code there would be no way ofknowing that it was the code he runs except by compromising the anonymity of the service itself. In any case it is clear that the confidentiality of the service relies entirely on the trustworthyness of Julf and the security of the lines into Julfs server. I accept the former but can't believe for a moment that every spook and his aunt doesn't have a tap on the latter.
How does the cypherpunks remailer work? Does PGP encrypt the signature of a message so that the identity of the sender is unknown? Or is it simply PEM style encryption so that the DN of the sender is in the clear :-(

@_date: 1995-09-18 08:35:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Code of Law 
This sort of thing can become very dangerous very quickly. In the
UK there was a publicity seeking shyster who decided to make a
political career out of attacking a book he didn't like. The
authorities didn't want to risk getting involved so they let the
guy go round calling for the author to be murdered. He has been in
hiding since the Ayatoloah issued a death threat.
Sounds like they don't like the democracy so they are setting
up their own lynch law. It dosen't sound all that different from
fascism. First they start saying that a group of people are evil, once they have convinced each other that this is the case they take
the logical next step of murdering them.
Another reason why we need cryptography, to protect ourseles against such self appointed lynch mobs.

@_date: 1995-09-18 12:59:21
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Netscape's random numbers 
In the first place it is a bit late for that. The problem is all over the net already. Expect press coverage tommorow or Wednesday. Secondly I would prefer a Random number generation and maintenance is a whole lot harder than RFC 1750 makes out. Although that RFC has some usefull ideas it does not provide a blueprint fora secure ergodicity management facility.
When I wrote code for Shen I was very carefull in the use I made of the output of the ergodicity manager. In particular correlation is a major concern. If a pseudo random output is exposed it must not predjudice other random values.
Consider the class of attacks where Mallet receives a message from Alice and uses the knowledge of his random number to discover the random number used in Alice's later message to Bob.
I always use hash functions as a "one way trap" to ensure that values cannot be reverse engineered to discover the internal state of the random number generator. I am also careful to erase all internal state before exiting the program.

@_date: 1995-09-19 08:49:43
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
I take a long term view of security. Basically I don't trust security software until it has been released in a stable condition for a few years.
The comments about Credit Card numbers miss the point. The volumes of trade on the Internet today are so small that the number of card numbers floating arround is insignificant. There are much easier ways to find them than cracking the Internet. This will not be the case in a couple of years time where the trade volumes are far higher.
Visa and Mastercard will be comming out with a spec which will have very tight requirements for implementations.

@_date: 1995-09-20 12:37:53
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Please send me SSL problems... 
I agree with parts of this and disagree with other parts. The IETF does not as a whole care about APIs. The one exception being the GSS API which appears to be intended as a means of cicumventing ITAR. Nobody asked me about GSS API but a lot of people have assumed that because it comes from the IETF it should be the basis for the Web security protocols. I'm affraid that I can't see any real connection between the GSS view of the world and my own. Hence I find that API more of a hinderance (having to explain why not to use it) rather than a help.
The specific criticism of SSL, that it is layer replacement highlights a fundamental error made by many IETF people. The purpose of a layered protocol model is precisely to permit the underlying layers to be altered without affecting the upper layers. NNTP runs very happily on either TCP/IP or on DECnet for example.
Where I think SSL went wrong was in the approach taken to URLs. Rather than define HTTPS://foo.com/ it should specify a new transport HTTP://foo.com:80:SSL/
I think the blame for that mess should be laid at another door however. Basically the URI working group should have understood this issue and defined a syntax for handling both SSL like objects and also DECNET, ATM. This would fit much better with the idea of SSL as being a wrapper for an arbitrary protocol.
I think its worth pointing out that the people working at Netscape now are a rather different bunch to the original team.

@_date: 1995-09-20 16:37:02
@_author: Hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: CIA & Espionage 
The cold war isn't so decisive. Much of espionage has always been industrial. I
is an essential component of political espionage in any case. Millitary espiong
may get the headlines but the bulk of the work is trawling through trade stats and various open networks in embassies etc.
In any case with the breakup of the USSR there are now more states to watch and
because they are unstable more need to watch them.
        Phill

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:16:30
@_author: Hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Whitehouse "dissident" and net monitoring 
Nope they don't the Democratic party aides do that type of work from Democrat The President gets a once a week summary of all the mail he gets including the email.  I think they also provide a daily press digest.
By monitoring Lytel was probably thinking about installing net sniffers etc or obtaining the data from the FBI or whoever. I am certain he didn't mean to say that he does not surf the net ever and does not occasionaly visit opposition sites. The term monitor implies an organised search and continuous checking proceedure
the number of hits cited sounds more like somone passed round the URL of a kook
site inside the office.
        Phill

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:18:04
@_author: Hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Is the book Network Security any good? 
Its pretty good on security and structure of protocols. Makes a good companion the Schneier book. I use it frequently.
It does have some very irritating assertions concerning ASN.1 however, specifically concerning its use in Kerberos. I consider Kerberos's use of ASN.1
to be far superior than the alternative suggested which is pure lossage. Lambasting the use of ASN.1 is fair game but arguments over wasted bytes miss t
point of ASN.1 and the BER encoding entirely.
It would make a usefull course book.         Phill

@_date: 1995-09-20 22:43:20
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Please send me SSL problems... 
Rich Salz  writes
None of these organisations have mentioned GSSAPI to me.
Do you have a source?
David Van Wie  writes
Rubish, disclosure is required for a grant of a patent. Unless someone skilled in the art can duplicate the invention from the patent claim
you don't get a patent issued.
Trade secret protection is very tricky in any case. Its practically
useless if you want to protect a product rather than a procedure.

@_date: 1995-09-20 23:02:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Euro-Clipper 
It may be rare for a council of Europe recommendation to be rejected
but that is because they can be ignored. Actually the Dutch have
completely ignored the edicts concerning Drugs, the British routinely
ignore anything they don't like in the EU where there is a parliamentary element. Don't expect them to snap to attention at the council of Europe.
Until there is a law actually passed in the UK there is no change in the status quo, same for the other european countries.
So you would rather have a Tory government plus a promise to permit
crypto than a Labour government plus a promise to repeal the criminal justice act? Be real, even the freedom issue alone there
are other factors to weigh in the balance. Plus any Tory promise
would have to be considered as trustworthy as their line at the
last election on taxes.
I can possibly see a choice between LibDem and Labour on this issue alone, I don't think that many people will consider it
the major issue at the next election though.
On the other hand you might be able to influence a person
looking to become a candidate in a consitituency. One vote
on a selection committee can make a big difference. In other words if you want to make cryptography an issue you
will have to hack it at the party level.

@_date: 1995-09-22 21:42:57
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Gnusaic"? Why not a Gnu-Style Web Browser? 
I can't speak for Apatche but we have two of the developers in the building here.  From what they have said security patches would be wellcomed with open arms. If anyone wants to do the same for the CERN server, we can roll it out through W3C likewise.
The real issue though would be whetehr there was confidence in the security of the system. Simply bolting SSL in in a cack handed manner would not cut it IMHO. Basically I would not recommend a release of such a system to the Apatche group unless a I was happy with the security of the whole system. This may well involve a number of fixes in the rest of the code.
I'm also very interested if anyone wants to brave S-HTTP, there is a public domain version in production. Basically the more people want to work on this type of stuff the better.
The main hassle is in programming the authorization stuff however... don't underestimate the amount of work involved in doing a good job there.

@_date: 1995-09-26 12:41:58
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: First Payments WG Meeting Announcement 
The World Wide Web Consortium is holding a Workshop on payments. The workshop
is intended to be a small, technically oriented meeting of its payments working
group. Although it is a members only event I am willing to listen to special
pleading, alternatively companies may wish to join the consortium at our
extreemely reasonable rates. See  for

@_date: 1995-09-26 13:46:55
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Hack Microsoft? 
Well yes and no, C2 is not a particularly high security rating. It is also a fairly obsolete set of requirements. So if anyone is to claim a breach of a C2 system it had better be one within the C2 assurances, not something that is only covered in the B series criteria. What really matters is the combined criteria which should have/would have emerged from NIST had the issue of harmonising the US/Canadian criteria with the European ones turned up.
As a cypherpunks aside we reviewed the orange book criteria in a reading group here at MIT a few months back. One point that was made was that Orange Book does not consider cryptographic security systems which was generally considered a Obviously Windows NT is "fair game" for analysis. Remember however that it is an established operating system and that there are many people who rely on it. I think that if people want to go down that route they should start by establishing a contacts with CERT and Microsoft in order to make sure that people whose businesses depend on the security of their O/S are not compromised. You may well find that Microsoft is willing to give you free copies of WNT to do this type of work on.
I think that this would be a really good project. The more independent analysis of an operating system that takes place the more confidence people can place in it. Windows NT is in many ways a descendent of VMS which has a very good security record. There is no reason why Windows NT should not mature to that level of security. It was built with security in mind after all, unlike UNIX sitation security was never more than an afterthought and often merely wishfull There are an awful lot of WNT seats out there already. I expect them to outnumber UNIX very soon. The only thing that is holding it back is the relatively small size of the userbase compared to windows and the resources required to run it. WNT requires similar CPU and memory to UNIX which is hardly suprising since it is doing very much the same thing.
I would suggest however that the project is structured and coordinated in some fashion. Someone should keep a list of security concerns that have been addressed and checked. That list should have some structure such as a division into the main risk categories (Authenticity, confidentiality, Service) so that people can get a feel for how thoroughly the space is being searched. Later on that list is likely to be one of the most valuable end results of such a

@_date: 1995-09-27 14:02:59
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Hack Microsoft NT C2 Rating? 
I'm a little sceptical as to the relevance of C2. It is a set of criteria that is now very old and concerns military security where people can be told what to do. One way in which securoty systems often fail is in the security structure being so suffocating that people have to poke air holes in it so they can I think that c2 is possibly the limit of orange/red bookishness that is reasonable to work to. It is not a trivial level of security however, UNIX despite all the claims has never been shipped as C2 secure as standard by a mainstream vendor. Even requirements involving trivial effort but which are extreemly important such as the writing of a users security guide have never been taken seriously on any of the UNIX platforms on which I have worked.

@_date: 1995-09-28 16:26:20
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: VISA and Microsoft STT Specs available 
too complex to explain these are currently being served via the W3C web server at :-
This does not constitute an endorsement of these specifications by W3C nor
any representation of the fitness thereof. Note that these documents may well move in the future.
For more payments related info see:-
The roadmap has been updated appropriately.

@_date: 1995-09-29 11:41:12
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Netscpae & Fortezza (Or, say it Ain't so, Jeff?) 
If people care to look at my very old Shen work they will see a key
escrow facility. This was installed becase as a network administrator
at a sensitive site.
I'm a big fan of key escrow. I just don't think I should be forced to use it on a public network by a government. I need the ability to secure internal channels inside certain sites however. I don't think I want the Whitehouse running with each staffer providing their own personal encryption

@_date: 1996-01-12 07:12:40
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
Good news, but lets not forget that winning the battle  isn't winning the war. The dropping of the case means that the legality of the ITAR restrictions goes untested. Had the case not been dropped it would have expired shortly under the statute of limitations. The real issue here is the abuse of the investigative powers of the FBI in support of their own political agenda.

@_date: 1996-01-12 09:30:44
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
No progress? At least Phil is not going off on a trip to Alcatraz to
make small ones out of big ones. Thats a big plus in many peoples books.
One of the most overdue reforms of the US government is the renaming of
the FBI building to remove the name of J Edgar Hoover. The abuse of power under his administration of the FBI continues to poison the US polity
by providing clear proof to many citizens that their government cannot be trusted. While the abuses of Hoover continue to be commemerated in this
fashion there can be little public confidence in any claims of reform.
Not just the US government. There are many crooks out there who have attempted
or are attempting worse. At least with the government there are means to
bring it to heel eventually.

@_date: 1996-01-12 09:36:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Shimomura on TV? 
At the last World Wide Web consortium meeting I said that the media were
pumping up the bubble and their favourite game is to see if they can destroy what they have the arrogance to imagine they created.
That is why we have to replace the press. Consider this in the next election voters on the Internet will be able to read the press releases
of the candidates without the press filtering them. There is the potential
for the internet citizens to participate in shaping the political agenda - another role the press likes to usurp for itself.
I recently held a workshop on political use of the Web which was attended
by Republican and Democrat party workers and political activists from
6 other countries. One thing that suprized me was the consensus amongst the
politicians that the differences between them were smaller than their differences with the press.
To take one example. A collumnist in the New York Times recently received
much coverage for calling the First Lady "a congenital liar". Yet little mention is made of the fact that said collumnist worked for both Nixon and
Spiro Agnew and has never condemned either for their actions.

@_date: 1996-01-13 15:02:31
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Theory Question: Why isn't RSA a 0-knowledge Proof 
Zero knowledge means that the recipient obtains no information that they could not have obtained without knowing the secret information corresponding to the key. If I authenticate myself to you by giving a signature on a nonce you chose you have obtained information that you could not have obtained otherwise.
If it wasn't for the fact that it is IAP and you apear to be a grad student I might wonder about somone doing their course assignments via the net... :-)

@_date: 1996-01-14 02:01:30
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Shimomura on BPF, NSA and Crypto 
Rubbish, it would allow me to do something I urgently need to do - measure the performance of the main internet links. This is presently very difficult to do since the berkley sockets provide no network performance information to the application layer.
What I need is a means of determining the fragmentation, packet delay, throttling rate etc etc. This is information avaliable in the Kernel but I don't know how to get at it. The packet filters would provide a means to monitor, Tsutomu's kit would do the job better.
The reason why I need this type of stuff is that a number of governments are asking how many T3 lines they need to string across the ocean to get into the Internet game. If hard figures are avaliable they can make the case to fund them. [No Libertarian flames about government subsidy please, I'm not

@_date: 1996-01-16 09:04:03
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
This type of world government talk is a peculiarly US type of paranoia. It is clear that the people who indulge in this class of consipiracy theory do not believe in the US system of government, and consider it to be a failure. Hence the constant denigration of the political institutions, the belief that all institutions of government are inherently corrupt etc etc etc.
Sounds like the sort of people who should be pressing for the US to be taken under UN administration. After all the UNs major role is to replace governments where governance has failed.
A little known fact to bear in mind is that when the Treaty of Paris was signed the British signatory had his fingers crossed behind his back! The entire US constitution is thus invalid and the US is in reality still a part of the British Empire!

@_date: 1996-01-18 01:41:29
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
Looney tune  writes
Could you please remove yourself from cypherpunks to a place where conspiracy theories are wanted.  This list is for discussion of cryptography and the only conspiracy theories we are interested involve the NSA, MI5 or the Stay-Puffed There is plenty of material to fuel whatever conspiracy theories you like. Please consult Noam Chomsky for details. Just please take the gun.nut conversation somewhere else. After allits in your own best interests, it doesn't take much to realise that the government is monitoring cypherpunks very carefully and that it when they come round collecting the guns in October they will know where to look first. So if the most important thing in your life is lethal weaponry best not take any risks eh?

@_date: 1996-01-18 02:17:55
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
Your permit is enclosed in the header of this message.
Glad to be of service.

@_date: 1996-01-18 05:34:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Lotus to export 64 bit, partially-escrowed Notes 
Note that it is slightly easier to break this encryption than the 128 bit encryption with 68 bits sent in the clear used by Netscape.  I think in general that any steps taken to reduce the amount of information avaliable. I'm happier if only the US government has access to the extra 28 bits of privacy than if everyone does. That is not to say that I am happy.
This is better than the government proposal for GAK which would have very easy access to the message content. 40 bits of privacy means that they do at least need to do some work. I would prefer it to be 48 at the very least.

@_date: 1996-01-18 09:00:48
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: CryptoAPI and export question 
This could lead to problems. I'm not sure what the European Community reaction to US attempts to export its legal system will be. The problem is that the Lotus Notes scheme changes the previous deal. Before the European governments benefited from the US export control laws because they had wiretap abilities. Now they are denied wiretap capabilities and have the US able to snoop on all their traffic.
Could find yourselves in the middle of a nasty battle...

@_date: 1996-01-19 01:13:49
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Espionage-enabled Lotus notes. 
I've been discussing the Lotus notes escrowed key reduction with some knowledgeable people. The first time I heard it suggested was by Adi Shamir at a talk by the deputy director of the NSA at MIT.
The problem with this system is that it is quite likely to suceed. Unlike Clipper which made unfettered access to encrypted material possible the escrowed key strength reduction means that the FBI can tap a significant number of locations, just not all of them.
It will be very hard to argue effectively against this idea in Congress. Much harder than the Clipper chip which was dead on arrival.

@_date: 1996-01-19 06:18:44
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Netscape and NSA 
I think it was a very special reason, $5 million by some accounts.
Given the govt. internal needs it is not unreasonable to supply them with the equipment they need. The problem is in the forcing of non governmental
personnel to use them.
There are an awfully large number of people on cypherpunks who have taken
money from the NSA in some form or another. About 5 ft from my office is the old CIA safe from the days they had an office in this building.
The US govt does not believe in socialist subsidies to industy. It beleives in corporativist subsidies in inflated military contracts. Boeing got them to build the 747 and now its time for Netscape to get their handout. If this upsets people I'd just like to point out that the farming lobby is even worse, taking those snouts out of the trough is long overdue in almost every industrialised country.

@_date: 1996-01-19 15:16:13
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Hack Lotus? 
I've been thinking about how I would do the lotus hack. I certainly would not be wanting to do a public key operation for the benefit of the government on every message. How about the following:
During installation of program:
Select a random key ER, encrypt it under the govt. public key to give Eg(ER).
To start encrypting,
chose a random value R, encrypt under destination public key to give Ek(R)
set 40 bits of R to 0 to produce R'
Encrypt R' under ER to give E-ER(R')
Hash R, E-ER(R') and Eg(ER) with a one way function (MDMF like) to produce the actual key.
Send across Ek(R), E-ER(R'), Eg(ER)
To decrypt the message one needs the information for the escrow authority.

@_date: 1996-01-26 04:56:03
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: PZ a Nazi? 
Not to my knowledge. If the Sunday Times have screwed up here (as appears the case). PZ has hit the UK libel jackpot. The UK libel laws prevent a defendant from making practically any defense so even if PZ spent his afternoons walking arroung in an SS uniform it probably could not be admitted as evidence by the So get your lawyers to put in a demand for damages PZ, should net you approx $5K plus appology. The Telegraph are unlikely to want to try to defend the case.

@_date: 1996-01-26 05:03:16
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Zimmermann Telegram (crypto history) 
Bzzt. This was said in the Thirties by the twit who closed down the Black The quote on the Z. telegram was "Why not give them Califonia as well".

@_date: 1996-01-26 05:30:27
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: SS Obergruppenfuhrer Zimmermann (NOT!) 
I think you mean Zimmerman Telegram. This was sent by the Germans to the Mexicans through the US Embassy in London and offered Mexico the retur of Texas in return for entering the war on the German side.
The Brits were tapping the US cables as a matter of course and intercepted and decrypted the telegram. They could not show it to the US types saying it came from tapping their embassy so they broke into the German embassy in Mexico and pilfered another copy of the cipher in another code.
When the Americans were shown how easy it was to decrypt the German telegram they said "gosh how clever these guys are - no wonder they have an empire". MI5 then managed to get their contact person at the British Embassy in Washington to effectively suplant the official British Ambassador, setting up a US Intelligence service for the Americans, in the process practically becomming a mamber of the US cabinet. [As a footnote Ian Flemming enjoied a similar position but with considerably less influence during WWII].
Now you see why uncle Sam is so nervous about Simon and Myself...
There is a good book about all this "For the President's Eyes Only".

@_date: 1996-01-26 08:44:30
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
There is a considerable difference between running a government and being an individual. It is not merely ethical for one government to read another's mail, it is a duty.
By not taking adequate steps to inform itself of the Japaneese intentions the US suffered the loss of a substantial part of the US fleet at Pearl Harbour. Had sufficient resources been avaliable the naval codes could have been cracked in time.  The closure of the Black chamber was a key reason why US espionage efforts were inadequate at the start of WWII.
Given the choice between the US Army and the CIA plus NSA I would choose the latter any day. The millitary hardware is useless without intelligence operatives. Unless Perry is advocating an absolutist pacifist stance I don't see that his stance is credible. I don't know many pacifists who oppose intelligence gathering. Diplomatic trafic has always been considered fair game. Long may it remain so.

@_date: 1996-01-27 03:58:16
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Perry writes,
This statement commits the logical falacy of type incompatibility. Sets of objects are not the same as objects. Organisations of people have different characteristics to people. To accord the same rights to idividuals is to ignore the different chaqracteristics of the organisation over the group. In most cases we would ascribe fewer individual liberties to groups than to individuals. The individual may have freedom of speech but the government official does not. It is generally undesirable for military personel to enter into party politics, thus it is generally undesirable for such people to take part in party political On the other hand there are casses in which we would wish to give the government more power than the individual. We give the government the right to raise taxation for example.
Thus Perry is not only a funny sort of person, he is also entirely negating the argument that Mill puts forward in "on Liberty", namely that the interests of the government and people are not as opposed as might appear, that it is possible to divide liberties into those which the state must excercise in order to protect the liberty of the population in general and those which the individual needs to protect themselves from government and other interference.
If we take Perry's argument seriously we effectively deny the legitimacy of any government. This is not good for Perry's argument for it is clearly legitamate to read the mail of a party which is illegitamte [an evil oppressor of the people, restraint on the exploitation of ecconomic power, restraint on free capitalism, tool of the borgeoise classes, people of all lands untie! you have nothing to lose but your chains...]

@_date: 1996-01-28 05:45:01
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Actually the MAD doctrine is critically dependent on mutual knowledge
concerning military capability. I have met UK intelligence types who
have discussed how they have deliberately permitted Soviet espionage
activities in order that they could confirm that the NATO alliance was
a defensive one.
Throughout the majority of the cold war both sides took great pains
to avoid creating a situation which forced the other into nuclear
brinkmanship. Indeed until Regan there were strenuous efforts made to
preserve the balance of power. They probably should do, the NSA was critical in ensuring the demise
of the USSR and in maintaining stability throughout the cold war period.
The point is not that the NSA had no military function. The point is that
it is now an agency searching for a role. It is often a dangerous thing
for the military to involve itself in civil affairs.

@_date: 1996-01-31 10:53:01
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: RC2 code on sci.crypt 
At a W3C security meeting we were discussing encryption algs to use, not suprisingly RC4 came up, Ron suggested that we also include `aledged-rc4'.
Maybe we need aledged-rc2 as well :-)
Then again I thing we might end up with "alledged HTTP" and similar products from a number of vendors if we went too far down that route.

@_date: 1996-02-01 09:16:45
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: Netscape, CAs, and Verisign 
A lot of people seem to misunderstand the Verisign plan, they are not simply looking to be a CA, they are looking to help other people become CAs. There is clearly a usefull role for a company to do this. there is also a usefull role for two, or more.
Question is how can Netscape (or anyone else) _securely_ allow an arbitrary CA's certificate to be used? Certainly the process cannot be automatic. Binding the Verisign public key into the browser may be an undesirable solution, but the problem is to think of a better one.

@_date: 1996-03-04 06:08:08
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: NYT login 
This brings up an interesting prtoblem which I have been trying to
solve. How can we fund content providers on the Web while not
compromising privacy?
Early on I targeted political and governmental sites as likely users of
the Web. This also reflected a personal belief that I have in open
government. What I did not anticipate was the speed with which the
mainstream press started appearing on the Web. In part this was due to
the Whitehouse server which has legitimized the Web in many corporated
There is a problem though, nobody has a fully convincing revenue model
yet. This will have to chage if sites like the NYT are going to stay
online. Ideally I would like these sites to be free to the readers
because it helps break down international chauvnism and petty minded
nationalism. I believe that the significant number of trans-national
relationships forged over the internet have lead to a significant shift
in support for French Nuclear testing for example. Ten years ago many
French supported terrorism such as the sinking of the Rainbow warrior in
persuit of this policy, this time round there has been much less support
for the government posistion.
The challenge therefore is to find a means by which NYT etc can pay
their staffs. Advertising is an obvious mechanism but here there is a
problem. Advertisers need to know what they are receiving by way of
value for money. Don't believe the stories of $50K per month advertising
charges, many of these prices are very heavily discounted. $50K is what
advertisers are willing to pay once they know for sure the Web works for
If we apply traditional advertising logic it would be necessary to use
very intrusive methods to discover how effective the Web is. This is not
necessarily the case on the Web since it is an interactive medium. As
Jock Gill pointed out at a recent conference we organised, instead of
targetting customers the Web permits a participatory process which may
be far more profitable for big name brands, allowing them to establish
the high value long term relationships they really want.
So the question is how can we square the circle? I have no problem
telling the NYT's advertisers that NYT have a reader who is in the high
tech goodies purchasingcategory. I have a serious problem allowing the
government to know that I read the NYT, remember that in many countries
that could lead to getting you arrested. I also think we need to be
cautious about comapnies collecting similar information. Imagine for a
moment that the US elected a fascist president opposed to "left wing
intellectuals". It would be a bad thing if he could obtain a list of
likely left wing intellectuals compiled from readership of various
magazines, visiting of left wing Web sites etc. This is a live issue in
Holland where no phone records are kept because stored records were used
by the NAZIs when they were invaded to find out who was talking to whom.
Some Ideas I had:
There are many people who are willing to put in the effort to make the
Web a place where people can interact in privacy. I know very senior
people in very large companies who are as concerned as many cypherpunks
on this issue. The point is that we need to come up with a scheme which
addresses their legitimate business needs and protects privacy.
Otherwise the market will decide and it does not care much about
I have written up some working drafts. You can get them from the IETF in
ascii text or via the web as W3c working drafts

@_date: 1996-03-04 06:15:48
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Netcom and Credit Cards 
As someone who was involved in the recent iKP / SEPP /STT / --> SET
event I would like to point out that it was the storage of CC numbers in
databases connected to the Internet which was the primary concern of
credit card companies. Sending credit card numbers across the internet in the clear was to an
extent a side issue. Clearly if the merchant was nopt going to be able
to store the number the number would have to not be received in
cleartext by the merchant.

@_date: 1996-03-05 16:43:24
@_author: hallam@w3.org 
@_subject: NYT login 
That misses the point. There is no shortage of potential sponsors.
What these people are asking me is "how much business will Web
advertising create for me".
The Tobacco companies are just as keen as others to know how much
value they get from Web advertising as other companies. No one sector of the ecconomy is going to be able to sustain the
whole range of Web content. The amounts involved will be of the order of billions. A few tens of millions from BAT etc will not go very
far. Pathfinder alone costs $4 million a year to run.

@_date: 1996-03-08 01:36:51
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: NYT login 
I am attempting to support the largest number of models possible. Micropayments
is only one model, I have an internet draft out describing a scheme based on
a suggestion by Ron.
I don't think I should choose how people will raise revenue. I don't think
that the NYT will want to be associated with cancer sticks in any case. There
are plenty of sponsors such as IBM, Intel etc who will be happy to pay cash
for a Web  site ad, provided it makes them money.

@_date: 1996-03-08 01:38:09
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Bombings, Surveillance, and Free Societies 
It is important to note in this regard that the worst bombing in Italy was
the Bologna station bombing, now decisively linked to right wing facist
groups the involvment in which of ex-prime minister Adreotti is shortly to
be examined in a criminal trial. The point being that the extreemists play
into each others hands.
This is pretty much a diversion. Terrorist groups have been using encryption
since long before PGP arrived.
Hang on here, some of those groups are actively conspiring to commit
terrorist acts. If someone sends a message saying "lets plant a bomb
under a federal building, that will show them" I'm not worried if the
govt. decides to arrest a few people. There is a border between free
speech and conspiracy to murder which some people have crossed.
The IRA has not got very far after 25 years or terrorism. The civil rights movement which the IRA usurped achieved much more in the five years before
the IRA started killing people. Had it not been for the IRA there would probably have been a settlement by now. The same goes for Israel where the PLO only gained a partial settlement after giving up the terrorism.
Generally it takes two. The legislation is written after the first and
then staled until being passed on the second.
There is a usefull procedure in the UK parliament which causes bills to
expire at the end of each session.
Note that on the CDA there was the behaviour of certain people deliberately
seeking to create an issue. The CDA was to a large extent the work of one
Marty Rimm and his fellow conspirators.
A point to consider is that there are many Isralis born in Israel who have no other home. These people did not ask to be born in the middle of a desert
state. As with the Irish problem it is easy to solve if one could change
the past. The fundamental problem being that the wrong side won at Hastings.

@_date: 1996-03-12 00:16:50
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Vexatious Litigants  (was: SurfWatch) 
Disclaimer: I don't work on PICS and I don't speak for the consortium.
Actually the European govts are far more likely to see labels being
used. In the US a piece of crackpot legislaion has been passed which
has some clearly unconstitutional parts. The ban on abortion related speach for example which the justice dept isn't going to defend in
any way. I expect that the Exon amendment will eventually be ruled
unconstitutional through being overbroad. The problem is that it is
difficult to get people to do something voluntarily after ordering them
to do so and being overuled by the courts.
This is the kind of small minded, foot stomping politics that the
US congress is famous for worldwide. In Europe the governments tend to be more aware of their impotence. There
is also much less hysteria about kids seing pornography, the main concern
is violence and in particular amoral US TV shows for kids, the sort where
people beat each other up but nobody ever gets hurt. In France one can
buy hard core porn in the supermarket. The govt. is far more concerned about foreign language material.
The whole point about PICs is that it is not bound to a single rating
scheme. I had a go at producing a spec for a rating scheme back in '94 but gave up since life is too short to waste. The Web is decentralised
and anyone can set up shop in it. Now we have a scheme in which anyone can set up a rating scheme.
So we will have the kook brigade filtering out material on evolution
and the concerned parents preventing their five year olds from viewing
the alt.tv.very.scary gifs. Actually this is the main point of the exercise. I can't think of any system which is going to defeat determined
14+ kids from finding porn but its a bit easier to stop the 7 and unders
from accidentially seeing stuff that will give them nightmares.

@_date: 1996-03-19 22:03:13
@_author: Phillip M. Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
[Various holocaust revisionist crap deleted]
Don't worry, it will very soon become impossible to block access to
anything on the Web. I have a long record of opposing the holocaust
revisionists. I have never attempted to prevent them putting their
views forward. It is better to expose them and their lies. Winston
Smith, Faust and co disappeared after we proved that they were the creations of one Dan Gannon. Attempting to cut off access and the conceit that the truth needs to be legislated merely plays into the facists hands.
Any attempt to cut of service can be circumvented simply by connecting
to a cache. Hensa in the UK ( ?) run a very large one.
There are also many caches run by US universities although for obvious
reasons it is preferable for the French to go through a European one.
And please, no more anonymous posts trying to persuade us that there
is anything worth reading at these hate sites. The literary style
is familiar enough that nobody should be fooled.
