
@_date: 1997-12-07 17:27:46
@_author: Harish Pillay 
@_subject: Singapore 
Hi.  I am appalled at the level of informed intelligence displayed on this
list by Phillip M. Hallam-Baker.
I would indeed like to know what you take on a regular basis to conclude the above.  Tapping phones?  Monitoring public places?  Analysing traffic?
Whichever parallel universe that you are dwelling in in definitely not one I would like to be in.  Your utterly misinformed and totally ludicrous statements above can only make me conclude that you are not serious in making it, except to respond to all the be-numbed responses by previous I am a Singaporean and have lived most of my life in Singapore.  I am no
lapdog of the government (thank you) nor do I agree with everything the government does.  If it is of any interest to you, you can go to my home page for information on dirt that I have posted about the SG govt.  You can also go to many other sites all over (both within Singapore and outside) that discuss a wide array of issues, ( for example.
I did come across some ill-informed post (not by Phillip though :-)) that said that there are national filters to Internet access here.  Well, indeed,
the top level ISPs here have choosen to use filtering proxy servers to filter out an alleged list of 100 porno sites (you can see that there is an on going URL hunt to discover these filtered sites on   You should also visit  for additional discussion on this).  Having said all that, this filter list is 100% by-passable using sites such as

@_date: 1997-12-07 17:36:34
@_author: Harish Pillay 
@_subject: Singapore 
Peter Herngaard shaped the electrons to read ...
"Dictatorial police state"?  I take it that you are well informed.  Statements
such as yours do not warrant a response as you are so totally wrong that no
amount of rational discussion can change your viewpoint - or can it?
You *can* critise the SG govt.  The idiots who claim to be the SG govt are
however very sensitive (i.e. have very thin skins) to anyone who makes false
criticisms.  That is the way they have choosen to play the game.  The SG
govt would not allow say the National Enquirer to publish stuff that attack
the govt especially if none of it is backed up with facts.  We are on a fine
line here.  In the US, the general principle is that once you are in the
public domain, you are fair game.  Anything can be thrown at you.  Here,
however, that is not the accepted rule-of-thumb.  Yes, the person may be in
public domain (holding public office), but these politicians will want to make
sure that what ever is out there about them or their policies are truths (partial or full as the purpose may be), but once they sense utter untruths,
they run behind the courts and sue people.  What I have said so far is in the ideal case.  Lately, Singapore govt has become more and more tolerant to criticisms and are now willing to discuss
the reasons behind the criticisms to see if there are misconceptions that can be addressed.
Our privacy laws are a joke.  I do know that there are moves by the same
govt to put into place good solid privacy laws in the next year.
Which has been circumvented by using alternate proxies or Check  for more info.

@_date: 1997-12-07 17:53:30
@_author: Harish Pillay 
@_subject: Singapore & Freedom 
Anonymous shaped the electrons to read ...
Excellent opener.  I was born in Singapore and have lived here most of my Truth alert:  Yes, the govt is heavily involved in the economy - for example
Singapore Technologies (aerospace, silicon foundries, armaments), Sembawang Corp (shipbuilding, realestate, heavy engineering).  The truth behind these
companies is that about 15-30% of them are owned by the govt of Singapore's
investment arm, Temasek Holdings.  The rest are held by other companies (both
local and foreign) as well as the general public - i.e., these are listed on
the stock exchange.  Indeed the govt does get into industries that it feels are critical for Singapore's survival.  This is the classic Singapore Inc operating.  For
example, late in the last decade, there was no private company doing wafer
fabicration.  The Singapore Technologies company, Chartered Semiconductor
started the first fab plant.  No other private company wanted to do it alone
but after that plant came up and became profitable (years later), there are
now numerous fabs either in operation or under construction by international
companies.  So, yes, the govt does at times choke the entrepreneurship drive
of the local population, but there are industries where the coexistence of
private initiative and govt-linked companies have been possible and viable.
Perhaps you need to go to Woodbridge (for the uninformed, Woodbridge
is where the local mental institution is located).  Let's analyze the premise of an educational system.  I am a product of
this system and tempered with a dose of undergrad/grad school experience
in the US.  Any educational system thrives to create as its output, valuable citizens who can be self-supporting and useful (label it anyway
you want - worker units as you say is fine).  It has been a fine balance
between a fully liberal system and one that generates worker units for
the most part of the last 30-35 years.  The system erred to the latter.
The thinking today (you see I continue to choose to live here) is that
that model is flawed and needs to be tampered with.  It will take 5-10
years before an increasingly liberal system is in place - an increasing
thinking population that is part of the global information flow that will
characterize the next centuries economies.
Not true the 2nd last statement.  The population is perhaps more tolerant
to failures or perhaps not informed about such because of the joke of a
press we have.
As a private citizen, I cannot own a gun without a license.  *I* have
no problems with that.  Colour (we spell it with a u) copiers are
not restricted by any means.  Yes, media is controlled by the govt -
except for the 24 hour BBC world service radio broadcast on FM here.
Banning of magazines and newspapers are there - but you can continue
to get it over the net unfettered and uncensored.
Any problems with the "mandatory" savings?  I don't.  The money is
mine - I can use it almost immediately to buy stocks, pay for my home
etc etc.  I don't see no problem.  National service - I did my time
but perhaps the initial duration can be reduced from 2.5 years at
age 18 but it has helped to create a population that better prepared
mentally and physically to be able to defend the country if the need
arises. Pray tell me how the SG govt has brought BB into reality?  I love such
generalizations especially from a person who claims to have lived here
for 8 years.   I lived in the Pacific Northwest for about 7 years and
I will not make such statements.
Interesting that you hide behind an anomymous name and you claim to
be outside Singapore.  I for one, will stand by my name and say that
things I should say about this country of mine (warts and all) and
not have to hide behind anonymity (not that I would not use anonymity
ever :-)).

@_date: 1997-12-08 11:03:31
@_author: Harish Pillay 
@_subject: Singapore 
? the Platypus {aka David Formosa} shaped the electrons to read ...
The story goes like this.  The Singapore Broadcasting Authority wanted to have a mechanism to filter out "undesirable" sites.  They know extremely
well that it cannot be done successfully but nonetheless, due to political
point scoring (1996 being election year), they had to be seen to be doing
something.  So, they trialed with the ISP the use of filter lists with the proxy servers to see how they can implement their censorship rules.
Then when they finally announced the policy, the SBA quickly covered their
asses by saying that they leave it to the ISPs to choose the weapon to do
the SBA's evil deed.  The ISPs, having trialed the filter mechanism, decided to continue with it which is just as well, for we can easily work around it.
So, today, there are an alleged 100 sites that are on the filter list.  What
these sites are, are a unknown.  Nonetheless there is an effort to independently discover the list (
Also, read  for an angle on the
whole issue.

@_date: 1997-12-08 23:05:39
@_author: Harish Pillay 
@_subject: Quick Response Team in sg? 
bureau42 Anonymous Remailer shaped the electrons to read ...
Yes, hmmmm it is.  harish at brokat.com.sg is not functional yet.  Minor
glitch.  So, do reply to h.pillay at ieee.org for the time being.

@_date: 1997-12-09 19:21:14
@_author: Harish Pillay 
@_subject: Singapore & Freedom 
SingTech Computers, CSA - the two largest computer companies.  CSA being
a completely private company, but listed on the stock exchange.
The hotel industry is pretty much 100% in private hands.  Shipbuilding is
both, airlines 100% govt-linked, public transport - a mixture etc.
Perhaps it behooves noting that not everything is evil in the PAP
policy manual.
Does it matter?  In any case, first grade (we call it Primary 1) is
at age 6 not 5.
What has all the preceding got to do with censorship?
None whatsoever.  Public school principals are not rewarded on that
yardstick.  Perhaps you wanna suggest that to the Ministry of Education?
Perfectly valid statements.
So?  Tell me which other country's citizen would not be similarly
shown a "This Is Your Life" book?  Come on.  Nothing unique here.
I take it that you have evidence of this?  I have yet to see anything like
The SBA (god bless them) has stated that what is on your machine is not
of their concern.  They are well aware of their limitations.  Let's
wait till they find their first parry and then we can see if they indeed
are as mild-mannered as they want us to believe.  In the meantime, we
are all vigilant and do not take our freedoms for granted.
So?  They are bozos.  My point in the preceding is that the post was by
someone who claimed to have lived in Singapore for 8 years and I can only
presume that he/she is no longer here.  In spite of that, s/he choose to
be anonymous.  I on the other hand, have to walk along the streets here
and live a life.  I would have to watch my back if I felt that what I say
would be used against me - especially if what I said is false.
And he continues to do so.  Like I alluded to in an earlier reply, our
privacy laws (what laws?) are a joke.
Why you need to deprecate yourself is beyond me.  I enjoy a good debate
on issues and facts.  We can choose to disagree on some issues, agree 100%
on others.  It does not bother me that you claim to be a low-life.  I respect
you and would deal with you fairly nonetheless.
To each his own.
