
@_date: 2012-10-10 13:47:14
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy doesn't work with Gmail? 
I work for Google as TL of the account security system that is blocking
your access.
Access to Google accounts via Tor (or any anonymizing proxy service) is not
allowed unless you have established a track record of using those services
beforehand. You have several ways to do that:
1) With Tor active, log in via the web and answer a security quiz, if any
is presented. You may need to receive a code on your phone. If you don't
have a phone number on the account the access may be denied.
2) Log in via the web without Tor, then activate Tor and log in again
WITHOUT clearing cookies. The GAPS cookie on your browser is a large random
number that acts as a second factor and will whitelist your access.
Once we see that your account has a track record of being successfully
accessed via Tor the security checks are relaxed and you should be able to
use TorBirdy.
Hope that helps,
Mike Hearn
Google account security team
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-10-10 15:40:53
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] TorBirdy doesn't work with Gmail? 
I think you can also opt to receive a phone call that says something
like "Your verification code is 12345". It doesn't mention Google and
certainly doesn't mention Tor. But it's been a while since I went
through this myself so I don't remember exactly.
I should note that this is the worst case scenario. For most users you
do NOT have to receive a verification code. We were considering
requiring that for all anonymizing proxy users in the past, but did
not do so. It's an option we reserve for the future though. For now,
answering a security quiz is good enough. Note that you can add a fake
phone number to your account (we don't presently verify them) and this
acts as a second password, more or less, so as long as it's a number
you can remember you can get through ID verification without receiving
any phone codes.
Yes, we know that saying "don't clear cookies" rather goes against the
advice and design of tools like the browser bundle. Potentially TBB
could have some specific hack for Google.
The GAPS cookie is the only one that's needed for a login to be
recognized as good. It's part of how we propagate goodness around
between second factors.
Simple example: you log in from an IP address that is nearby to one
you previously used (in physical or internet space), and don't have a
GAPS cookie. We issued you a new one when you visited the login page.
The act of logging in from a good IP whitelists that GAPS cookie.
Now you travel and log in from a new country. The IP is unknown but
the GAPS cookie you have was seen before. We let you in without hassle
because we know that device is legit. Your new IP geo is now
whitelisted too.
I agree. There was actually some work done on this around the time we
were considering requiring phone verification for all logins, but I
can't find it on our support site now. I think I need to chase that up
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-10-16 14:36:43
@_author: Mike Hearn 
@_subject: [tor-talk] registration for youtube, 
Hi, I'm that employee.
That post is specifically about login to existing accounts that were
created outside of Tor.
We have a policy of phone verifying every signup via anonymizing
proxies. If you signed up via Tor and didn't get asked to phone verify
it means the list of exit nodes we're using isn't up to date, or there
was a sync issue. Or you used an exit node that isn't in the list for
some reason. We use this one:
We appreciate the offer to solve 1000 CAPTCHAs. Unfortunately the cost
of 1000 CAPTCHAs is only about $1 on the open market, not exactly a
high bar.
The need for phone verification is unfortunate but real. If we had a
better way to throttle abuse we'd use it. Unfortunately we don't. In
the past I've researched and suggested using deposits of Bitcoin so we
could set the price of an account in a more nuanced way, see here for
a description of how it'd work:
  (bitcoin is my 20% project)
For a variety of practical reasons I don't think that'll happen for
Google accounts anytime soon, even assuming the software for it
existed, which it doesn't yet. But I think it'd be great if people who
are interested in making Tor usable with abusable services worked on
the Bitcoin approach. I'd start by integrating with MediaWiki,
blogging platforms etc, forum software etc, so if people want to run
wikis/forums/blogs as hidden services or otherwise they have a way to
make spam expensive without using the proxy of identity.
Of course it does move the problem to be "how can I acquire Bitcoin?"
but you get unlinkability. Even if the Bitcoin seller you used knows
your identity, the recipient of the coins does not.
So I'm afraid we don't have a good solution for people who want to
sign up to Google anonymously today beyond buying accounts and getting
unlinkability that way, but as I said, that's against our terms of
service and can easily be confused with abuse so it's somewhat
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
