
@_date: 1997-08-22 07:12:16
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: curfew laws 
In response to an earlier thread about curfew laws being unconstitutional,
apparently a federal appeals court thinks so too. The San Diego curfew
law was struck down on June 9, 1997. The ACLU prosecuted. For the report
and a link to the decision see Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-10-08 03:02:28
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Crowds as an anonymous remailer 
Regarding your post to cypherpunks asking about a distributed remailer
network - this is very much what the Mixmaster remailers do now. Each
message is cut into uniformly sized encrypted chunks which are traded
in a stormy cloud of random traffic between the remailers, until they
reach an outlet point. See  for more info.
Mark Hedges
Infonex Internet Inc.

@_date: 1997-10-08 10:08:12
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: bad alter.net routes, backbone vulnerability 
Right now, as reported by PBI NetCenter staff, Alternet has dumped bad
routes to all of its peers. AGIS has San Diego and Los Angeles off the
air again ... for the third time today ... that's been going on for weeks.
I mentioned the WSJ receipt of report from network engineers that the
backbones are extremely vulnerable to attack, and said I guess someone's
trying to show that crypto's useful for everyone to have, postulating some
mythical encryption authentication could protect the routers from attack.
He said yup, attack on the backbone network "happens all the time."
Mark Hedges
Infonex Internet Inc.

@_date: 1997-09-06 06:06:57
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Usenet Propagation Sucks 
Mike Duvos  wrote Fri 29 Aug 1997:
In practice, it's really tough to keep a good feed going. We happen
to keep the alt.anon* stuff for a longer period of time. We've started
keeping individual groups longer as requested by readers. This makes
them happy, for the most part. It needs so much disk! We have two incoming
server feeds and three outgoing and people still complain that their
groups don't have enough messages for their liking. Plus the damn thing's
history database has to be rebuilt twice a month, and at night lest the
customers come for blood when they don't get their daily usenet, and it
never seems to go right without someone (me namely) sleeping in the office
keeping it company during the process.
A server would need terabyte upon terabyte to store a good archive
of Usenet for, say, the past year.
I wonder if the designers could forsee Usenet's explosive popularity,
or the taxing load the spammers place.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-09-19 06:24:32
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
My problem with the "it's hopeless, politicians are idiots" approach is
the same as my problem with Tim May's approach --- it predisposes one to
think that a revolution and possibly violence are the only way to change
the laws. It is an attitude which constructs an obstacle which may or may
not be there. I get really sick of the inane "nuke DC" talk. Call me a
naive optimist, or an idiot; I believe there's hope to wage and win the
battle politically, and I think there's actually hope for real democracy
without the memetics bullshit and the control and the manipulation. I got a personal reply from a Senator to whom I sent that last release
(the one interviewing Michael Wilson of 7Pillars). It wasn't one of those
autoresponders -- it just said "Thank you for your views" with bad text
formatting. At least it did get someone's attention. It might be negative
attention, but dammit, if they're going to look Wilson's reputation in the
face and not at least consider that they might be wrong then they've
obviously all been killed and government programmed clones installed in
their place. They're really well educated people, for the most part ---
somewhere along the line they must have gotten that stuff about
"considering that you are incorrect" and the rest. While skimming their web pages looking for information, I found one or two
senators and congress reps who actually offer PGP keys on their web pages! Senator Leahy, for one, is a vocal proponent of strong crypto. There is
hope! Some of those people do see "the light" on this issue. It's a matter
of getting the heavy-handed ones to just for a second consider the other
side's view. I think this particular release hits hard because shit,
Wilson's the virtual incarnation of Ares, and the warmongers may listen to
him. I think a lot of them know they're being manipulated, but they get
only a limited set of information from the "authoritative" defense and
intelligence people who give them the "secret classified briefings", and
they simply can't confront the spooks because they think they'd get kicked
from their positions of power in a few years. If they have in their
possession a testimony that a defense and intelligence _scholar_ says that
the spooks are wrong, they may be able to start turning the tide. Mostly, I just don't want to get nuked. I don't want the people in
Washington to get nuked. I don't want to be ostracized because a
disjointed group I'm associated with has members who support nuking
political opponents. "Nuke DC" is crap. "Ecash Assassination Politics" is
crap. The loss of faith in one's ability to convince other people with
rational discussion is crap. That whole attitude reminds me of the guys in
early grade school who beat up on me because I was a nerd. I refuse to
sink to their level. Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:34:22
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
Yes, there I was possibly wrong in using M. May as an example in the
"politicians aren't stupid / smart people must do good" line. Still, in
the line of "let's not nuke Washington", it was appropriate.
They authorize their junior staffers to use their name? Lame!
It indicates they are concerned about the security of their
communications. Now, the trick is to convince them that escrow hampers
security of communications through the single point of failure problem.
"Let's just say we want to avoid any Imperial entanglements."
"Well, uh, that's the real trick, isn't it...and it's gonna cost you
something extra."
Ah, more research is necessary. I printed his stuff but haven't read it
yet. There was one, though, who even had a blue ribbon on their web page.
I've forgotten who.
I think a good tactic is to say to them "it's more difficult to vote
against the vast majority of your constituents" and use examples like
public opinion polls (are there any?) and California Legislature's SJR-29
(unanimous memorialization of Clinton and Congress to relax export
controls). In related news, Vasconcellos, the author of SJR-29 and SB-1133 (a strong
crypto promotion bill) is to announce soon if he will vie for the
Democratic nominee for California Governor. He'd be up against current Lt. Governor Gray Davis, whose views contrast a little with Pete Wilson's but
not too much. Does anyone know who is behind this crap that the Empire's pushing on the
committees? Louis Freeh is the only name I've heard. I've not heard
Tenet's name mentioned in any of this. It would be interesting to research
the other people involved, to try to find some dirt.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-09-19 10:30:50
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
I think the latter was the case. I got lots of the form responses. This
came 10 hours later and appeared hastily written. I feel special! Gosh,
democracy really works! (I'm not saying it was a big deal.) This is why I invited y'all to call me a naive idiot --- it's this cynical
stereotyping of politicians which I think more than anything obstructs
one's own attempts to talk to them and induce change rationally. If you
walk up to some random person in a bar supposing they're probably going to
knock you flat, they probably will. If you walk up to them thinking
they'll provide entertaining discussion on Heidegger, well, wait, umm...
Anyway, you see my point. Of course, you're the guy who talks to the
political community on a regular basis. Maybe they really are all clones
programmed by the government...but I doubt that. It's a novel experience
for me, so perhaps I haven't become jaded (realistic?). (Jade is (a) pretty (plant), though.) Question yourself, all y'all revolutionaries, what does the hopeless
attitude get you? Adrenalin while you get mad and hop up and down? An
excuse to use your A-K and pop a couple feds before they do the natural
thing and shoot you down? "It was a very good day ... I didn't even have
to use my A-K."
Still, I bet the lobbyists and funders who spent so much time, effort, and
coins on pushing SAFE and the rest of the (even somewhat) pro-crypto bills
are feeling pretty hopeless right now. I don't blame them. I also don't
want to sound sappy like little orphan Annie, shining with hope in the
face of the end of the world, but there's always tomorrow.
"Who writes the goddamn polls?" comes to mind. Yes, this is extremely
unfortunate. I have been wondering if the unhealthy and unwholesome spam
might be useful for this --- it would be cheap, and easy to collect survey
information. Alternatively, there might be away to do that from a web
page. Of course, people would have to go read the page. That would take
some advertising. My guess is that banner ads on the Anonymizer probably
are _too_ selectively biased --- we'd need a wide distribution.
There's always spam for sending out "the real dirt" on stuff like Panama,
Grenada, Iraq, CIA & money laundering & crack, the silent black
helicopters, Santa Cruz Island, Waco, Ruby Ridge, illegal wiretaps,
missing submarines, accidentally sold nuclear facilities, the memetics
programming, and how much money gets spent on this stuff, then
justification for either more extensive checks and balances or an
unempowered, minimal government, and finally, a plan for how to collapse
and rebuild the system without people getting hurt. I guess I would
appreciate that more than spam selling spam software.  Still, there's a
question as to whether it would hurt or help "the cause" of informing the
masses what's really going on. "National Security"? Do most people really
have any idea about who and what is to be kept "secure"? Has anyone ever taken a poll which has questions stilted both one way and
the other, just to see people say "I want X and not-X"?
I look forward to reading that piece.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-09-19 18:11:01
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
I see, well, whatever. Kinda makes me think maybe I'm wrong and should
vote for cryptofascists. However, I won't, because I don't want the
government looking over my shoulder. I think there are plenty of ways for
people whose agenda is a good, peaceful world to organize against groups
like WAR and CIA and Hamas and the rest, without having to legislate. I
don't understand how you can judge which violent, fascist, oppressive
group is the correct one to support. Did you know there are other groups
who are not violent, fascist, or oppressive? Did you know that
occasionally, violent, oppressive fascists have changed their minds? It is doubtful my words are not going to make any difference in the way
you see the world, but I, like you, think escrow/recovery/wiretapping
would not make the world a better place --- kind of like how looking
closely at a particle makes it behave differently than it would otherwise.
I don't think the national security folk have "a good, peaceful world" in
mind for anyone.  They have in mind a world in which a small, exclusive
group of people can use, take from and manipulate the masses. All of these
groups do.
The history of violent revolution, even in the name of the people, is
filled with the leaders of the revolution assuming the same damn
imbalanced positions of power which were there before. They might call it
a President instead of a King, or maybe Prime Minister or Premier. The
Lords might be the Regional Governors, or Senators, or Counsellors. There
might even be different people in those positions from time to time, even
elected by will of the people. But it's not the person --- it's the
position! The position crafts the person into a pre-formed caricature. Its
history, its image...it is the Throne which makes the Pharoah a God, not
the Family, or the Decree. It is the Throne which makes the decisions, and
it follows instincts of self-perpetuation like any other entity. Do you
want to sit on a throne? GAK, GAP, SMACK, CRACK. MEME SCHEME SCHMEME. Consider first your true objective and who you bring to war before you aim
and fire the memetic cannon...or the musket.
They all seem to fit into the same category --- Hamas, Infada, the secular
Algerian "Ninjas", the Federal urban assault task forces, DEA thugs who
raid the homes of innocent people, etc.  They're all fighting, and it
seems like people pick up any side of an issue just so they can fight.
Why? Consider the addiction to the feeling that comes from getting angry at
those fuckers over there on that other side and how it would feel so good
to blow their heads off. Notice how the feeling moves around your torso. Instead of moving it up to your head where it makes your jaw vibrate, try
moving it around...out the center of your chest through your back...up
into wing shapes behind your body. Try a tail, too. We've still got some
neurons for it.
We don't live in a democracy. Do I get to vote on HR-695? Do you? No. Has
there ever been a democracy? Not really. Do you know what democracy means?
Do you see through the lies they put forth saying that we live in a
"democracy"? Do you actually think we live in anything close to the word?
Rule by the people, of the people, and for the people. If they don't want
rules, so be it. If they want to say, gosh, killing people is lame, send
that guy to jail, so be it. If they want to say, all people shall be named
"BOB" and partake of the Dispensation of Slack, so be it. Thing is, WE THE
PEOPLE have never actually had the opportunity. We've always been too
nervous about getting our heads blown off, because so many humans are
paranoid, power-hungry and trigger-happy, and because the ones in power
positions are almost always paranoid, power-hungry, and trigger-happy, and
now have nukes. So you want a massively plural nuclear weapon based power model. You don't
need to promote cryptography in the name of that. It's going to happen
anyway --- it's already here. Missing Israeli subs, black market Soviet
subs with full crews at the collapse, unused nuclear facilities
"accidentally" sold as scrap metal to the private sector, the whole bit.
I hope mutual assured destruction still works. Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-09-19 18:27:33
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: directed speech free? request for opinions. 
I have seen California law code which seems to indicate that speech
directed at an individual is not covered under the first amendment.
If you have any thoughts on the matter, please send opinions (not legal
advice, of course, if you are a lawyer). Also, if you know of any speech
rights scholars or lawyers willing to answer a few related questions for
free, I would appreciate the pointer. Thank you.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1997-09-21 01:50:49
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: directed speech free? request for opinions. 
I don't have the law code available. I was told by an attorney that the
particular passage says this is the case. I would like to challenge this
passage. I will get back with the particular code section and text.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1998-01-07 09:51:40
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: employment opportunity 
A tech support position's opened at Infonex and the Anonymizer in the San
Diego, California area. The job requires demonstrable unix, typing and
English communication skills. C/C++, Perl, Java/Javascript, system
administration and networking experience are secondary qualifications.
Duties include routine technical support and occasional clerical tasks,
and could include opportunity for future advancement based on skills. Wage
based on skillset. Entry-level position. If interested, fax resume to
619-667-7966 or e-mail to job at infonex.com. Mark Hedges
Anonymizer, Inc.
Infonex Internet, Inc.
