
@_date: 1997-08-17 07:39:40
@_author: helledge@oilfieldtrash.com 
@_subject: Reduce your long distance bills 
This Message was Composed using Extractor Pro Bulk E- Mail Software. If you wish to be removed from this advertiser's future mailings, please reply with the subject "Remove" and this software will automatically block you from their future mailings.
True Residual Income-FCI Communications
Hello there,
Every day I check my mail, I get another solicitation from one of those 5.9 or 7.9 cent per minute scams.  In fact, I am also getting faxes a couple times per week by the same or similar groups.
They always ask for a sign up fee of anywhere from $29.95 to $100 or more; $50 is the most common.  These con artists are coming and going every week now, some undoubtedly collecting $1000's in up front fees for the right to promote a non-existent service for a non-existent
I'm writing this message to you in an effort to spread the truth about
these fraudulent scam artists.
I am a 60 year old, practicing international petroleum engineer and I supplement my income by working in the telecommunications industry.  I have traveled to 58 countries and therefore have paid my share of high long distance calls. I have been around the block more than a few times, and I can tell you this: The best deal any average consumer is going to get in this country today is a 9.9 cent per minute flat rate, if you know where to go.  Here is the reason why:
Whenever a long distance call is placed, there are fees charged by your local telephone company, called "origination" fees, and fees charged by the receiver a local telephone company, called "landing" fees.  These fees are regulated by the federal government.  On average, the combined origination/landing fees are 6.5 to 7.5 cents per minute, depending on the telephone companies involved.
In addition to those fees, the carrier that connects the call over long distances via fiber, copper, and/or satellite links carries a cost for that call of at least 1 cent, and sometimes more.  This
brings the COST for that call to 7.5 to 8.5 cents per minute.
Then, there are the administrative costs associated with the calls in the form of "rating" the call data, "formatting" the calls in a logical manner to present them to the consumer (both processes are extremely computer intensive , AND postage, paper, and labor, in the form of customer service, and equipment maintenance.  Conservatively, these costs add another .5 (one half) cent, bringing the true COST of a long distance telephone call to anywhere from 8 to 9 cents per minute.
Finally, there is the cost of distribution, i.e.: marketing and
advertising.  The commercials that you see on television every day for the big carriers are not free to those companies.  In fact, they spend millions of dollars every DAY to push their long distance service, which, remember, is costing THEM 8 to 9 cents per minute.
When you see a commercial for Sprint, for example, make sure you watch the fine print.  Their "dime line" only applies during evenings after 7pm, and during the weekend.  Every weekday from 7am to 7pm the cost is 25 cents per minute.
AT&T has taken a more honest approach recently with their "one rate", yet even they are still charging 15 cents per minute.
MCI has so many plans now, you're lucky if you'll ever know how much you're paying for a long distance call until you look at your bill. (if you dare)
Telecommunications "resellers" are the real wave of the future.  These companies purchase transmission time from major carriers, and bill their customers themselves, while still providing the exact same service at a much lower cost.
Their customers are still physically utilizing the major carriers for service, but simply receive their BILLS for their calls from the
reseller or "rebiller".
Since deregulation in 1984, the reseller industry has grown to over $12 BILLION per year, and industry experts predict that by the year 2000, the majority of telecommunications usage will be handled by resellers utilizing the major carriers.
How can they do this?  By being creative in their marketing approach, and keeping the cost of distribution down to an absolute minimum. The most cost-efficient way to market telecommunications is via an agent network, i.e.: individuals working for the reseller on a commission-only basis.
The best rate any individual can receive today is through a reseller for a major carrier.  I am a customer and agent for a company called FCI, which is a direct reseller for IXC Communications, Inc., the USA's 5th largest coast-to-coast fiber optic network.  IXC currently provides 1000's of miles of fiber for AT&T, Sprint, MCI, and the federal
FCI offers a flat rate 9.9 cent per minute rate for 1+ long distance AND 800 usage, and bills its customers in 6 second increments, instead of full minute increments like the big carriers do.  This results in savings to consumers of an additional 10%-25%, depending on the types of calls placed.
FCI is also nearly finished completing a "web page billing" system which will be a great benefit to the consumer, as they will be able to see the actual calls they place on a DAILY basis, as well as their cost for those calls.  When in place, FCI will be the ONLY long distance company in the nation offering this unique service.
The Wall Street journal, as well as the FOX News Channel, have recently featured FCI and their unique approach to the long distance market.  FCI is a truly revolutionary company, and has been gaining acclaim across the nation and particularly on the internet.
As a reseller, FCI has the right to work with other carriers if they are presented with better rates for their customers.  FCI has recently chosen to work with ITL (International Telecom Ltd) for its superior international calling rates, such as the following flat rates per minute  (US origination):
For more information on FCI and how you can even earn a great residual income by promoting their service like I do, you may visit my FCI Web Page at:
You will have the opportunity to sign up for service online, and get a free web page to promote the service, with an opportunity to earn up to 5% residual commissions on other people's usage.  There is no "sign up" or "agent" fee to participate in the program.
I hope this note finds you and yours in good health.
Good luck and warm regards,
Harold W. Elledge

@_date: 1997-08-20 00:36:06
@_author: helledge@oilfieldtrash.com 
@_subject: Don't call if you are already rich! 
This Message was Composed using Extractor Pro Bulk E- Mail Software. If you wish to be removed from this advertiser's future mailings, please reply with the subject "Remove" and this software will automatically block you from their future mailings.
If you are already rich, don't call this toll free number.          1-800-811-2141
                                                                                              CODE 44393

@_date: 1997-08-26 11:49:38
@_author: helledge@oilfieldtrash.com 
@_subject: Quick Money 
This Message was Composed using Extractor Pro Bulk E- Mail Software. If you wish to be removed from this advertiser's future mailings, please reply with the subject "Remove" and this software will automatically block you from their future mailings.
Dear Internet Friend,
I couldn't resist this one.  Hey what could be
easier and for such a great cause.  It's only
$5 bucks and really nothing to it !! My $5 is
already in the mail. Don't wait to read this !!
It's short to read, easy to do, and MONEY in
your mail box PRONTO !!!
THIS IS THE FAST ONE WHILE YOU'RE WAITING FOR THE OTHERS TO WORK.  YOU CAN HAVE $7,000 IN TWO WEEKS WITH ONLY $5 TOTAL COST, AND ONE HOUR OF YOUR TIME.
If you want to make a few thousand dollars really quickly, then please take a moment to read and understand this fast program I am sharing with you.
No, it is NOT what you think.
YOU DO NOT have to send $5.00 to five people to buy a report, recipe or get on their mailing list.
Nor will you need to invest more money later to get
things going. THIS IS THE FASTEST, EASIEST PROGRAM you will ever be able to do. Complete it in ONE HOUR and you will never forget the day you first received it.  If you are doing other programs, by all means stay with them.
The more the merrier. But, PLEASE READ ON!
First of all, there are only THREE LEVELS, not four,
five or six like many other programs.
This three-level program is more realistic and much,
much faster. Because it is so easy, the response
rate for this program is VERY HIGH and VERY FAST, and you receive your reward in about FOURTEEN DAYS.
That's only TWO WEEKS ~ not three months.
Just in time to pay next months bills!
TRUE STORY
Cindy Allen tells how she ran this program four times last year. The first  time, she received
$3,000 in cash in two weeks, and then $7,000 in cash
the next three times. When this MLM is continued as
it should be, EVERYONE PROFITS!!!  Don't be afraid
to make gifts to strangers: they will come back
to you ten fold. All of us have uses for our
hard-earned money, but most of us have very little
left after we pay the bills. THIS CAN DO IT FOR YOU!!!! HERE ARE THE DETAILS
You only send 25 copies (not 200 or more as in
other programs). You should send them to PEOPLE WHO
SEND YOU THEIR PROGRAM, because they are already
believers, and your program is BETTER AND FASTER.
Even if you are already in a program, continue,
stay with it, but do yourself a favor and DO THIS ONE as well.  RIGHT NOW!!! It is simple and takes a very small investment, not
hundreds of dollars. It will pay you before your
other programs begin to trickle in!!!!
JUST GIVE ONE PERSON $5.00. That's it! That's all!
Follow the simple instructions, and in TWO WEEKS,
you can have at least $7,000 because most
PEOPLE WILL RESPOND due to the LOW INVESTMENT, SPEED and HIGH PROFIT POTENTIAL. We are not even
figuring a 50% response rate! That would be a
$10,000 return. REALLY!  So let's all keep it going,
and help each other in these tough times.
1.  On a blank sheet of paper, write down     "DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU WOULD HAVE THEM DO UNTO YOU"
    " HERE IS YOUR GIFT"
     clearly and fold it around a FIVE DOLLAR BILL. Send
     this to the FIRST NAME on the list.
     ONLY THE FIRST PERSON ON THE LIST GETS YOUR
     FIVE DOLLAR GIFT.
2.  Remove the FIRST ( name from the list.       Move the other two names up and add YOUR NAME
     to the list in the third ( position.
3.   Now Email this letter with your name in the
     third position on it to 20 people or more
     who Email your their programs!       Send it to your friends on the net but      do it right away. It's so easy.      Don't mull it over. ONE HOUR. THAT'S IT!
THERE IS NO MORE TO DO. When your name reaches the first position in a few  hours (!), it will be your turn to collect your gifts.  The gifts will be sent to you by over 1500 to 2000 people like yourself who are willing to
invest $5.00 and an hour to receive $7,000 in cash.
Your entire investment is the $5.00 you sent to name   That's all!!  There could be $7,000 in
$5.00 bills in your mailbox within two weeks.
CONSIDER THAT!!!!!
CAN I DO IT AGAIN?    OF COURSE......
Some people may want only to send this letter to friends in their news groups while others may choose to reply to all Internet offers via e-mail with THIS LETTER.  That's fine: you can if you want.  THINK ABOUT THAT!!!  The sky really is the limit
with this unique "GIFTING CLUB"! 50%!
Not interested?  C'mon!  Isn't the prospect of
an easy $7,000 to $10,000 in
TWO WEEKS worth alittle experimentation?  One hour of your time and $5.00.
ACT FAST AND GET MONEY FAST!!!!!
HONESTY AND INTEGRITY MAKE THIS PLAN WORK. COPY THE NAMES CAREFULLY AND SEND $5.00 TO THE FIRST NAME TODAY.
DO UNTO OTHERS, AS YOU WOULD HAVE OTHERS DO UNTO YOU.
PEOPLE HELPING OTHER PEOPLE.
            David Ciup
   	Shane Pye
            Harold W. Elledge
Pretty wild world these days, eh !!
"Good Luck" !!
