
@_date: 2006-09-29 17:33:08
@_author: Irma Pearce 
@_subject: Get INFX First Thing Tomorrow, This Is Going To Explode!  
ALERT --- BREAKING MARKET NEWS REP 0RT --- I N F X . P K
Company Name: I n f i n e x  V e n t u r e s,  inc.
Lookup: INFX
Current Price: $ .54
Expected: This one is going to grow at a  r a p l d rate.
I n f i n e x  V e n t u r e s,  Inc (OTCBB: I NFX.PK) ("the Company") is pleased to
announce that it is in negotiations to acquire an interest in the Bolivar
Property located on Texada Island, British Columbia, Canada. The
Property consists of 23 adjacent mineral claims and 2 crown grants centered
approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the town of Vananda, B.C.
Previous drilling programs have outlined a significant resource with a high
concentration of gold. One diamond drill hole across the zone returned
a one-foot (0.3 m) intersection assaying 20.80 oz/ton Gold (714.7 g/t
Trenching, diamond drilling and bulk test sampling of the Bolivar
deposit has revealed numerous spectacular "streaks and stringers" of free
gold in graphitic shear zones. As per Assessment Report 16728, a 1731
tonne bulk sample from the Bolivar pit returned a total of 1037.12 grams
of gold. Inf1nex's pending acquisition of the Bolivar Property is a
strategic one that, along with the Company's interest in the Yew Property,
will provide it with control of a substantial portion of the mining
properties and reserves on Texada Island. Infinex intends to finalize this
acquisition by the end of September.
On Behalf of the Board I n f i n e x  V e n t u r e s,  Inc Michae1 R0sa, Preside nt
WATCH THIS S.T.0.C.K GO HIGHER AND HIGHER
Any of the above statements with respect to the future predications or
goals and events may be seen as only Foward
Looking and nothing else. All information inside this email pertaining
to any sort of f1nancial advice need to be
understood as just information and not any real advice. None of the
information above can be constructed as any
sort of financial advice. Confidentiality Statement
r41t Ccanister cookery. carpenter blat bawl camino
ppn Ccollard betsy cz. Kbriefcase coccidiosis boise burial
ce9y 0conceit Abernard bead brainchild aromatic acid
bpg Gbeechwood confectionery. carp complainant actinide aster
qyp8b 9carp bub daybed 6butyrate dalhousie british
j2ip 8aptitude Lcarolinian darkle adjoin creche cut
