
@_date: 1997-12-15 00:07:38
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Jim Bell Revisited 
Half-Baked knows that, but with his bowling-mentality, he thinks
he has a better chance of throwing a strike if he puts a little spin
on his balls, while twisting Jim's.
  Was that FELONY 'Making a bad smell'? I farted in an IRS office once
(on purpose). Am I a Jim Bell co-conspirator?   Are my armpits considered a felony or a misdemeanor?
  The government misuses my Social Security Number to steal my money.
Where do I press charges? Can I place airline employees under citizen's
arrest when they demand it?
  Winter winds blow both ways.
  The government's armed assault on Ma and Pa Bell's residence took place
within hours of an email being sent to him containing a rough draft of
a chapter of an InterNet published manuscript describing and lauding
Bell's AP system.
  It is interesting to note that the emails from treasury.gov constituted
the same type of 'threat' that Bell was roundly accused of by government
officials and the press.
  The winter wind blows both ways.
  It is also easy to reach the conclusion that the AP-BOT results sent to
the Oregonian and to the officials involved (via their internal email
systems) played a hand in the judges 'vacation' before Bell's delayed
sentencing. (Or that petty government officials involved in Bell's case
were not impressed with the fact that they were becoming the source of
valuable digital prizes in the AP-BOT community, without receiving the
same protection as those who were behind the criminal malefeasance
directed at Bell.)
  Bell's persecution was straight out of the spook's political torture-
indoctrination handbook. The only difference is that many aspects of the
turning of Bell's thumbscrews were made public (just before tax-time,
surprise, surprise).
  That was half of the purpose of his persecution. "We the people" were the
other half of the sacrificial lamb targeted for cold-storage.
  The corollary to this is that we are moving closer to a country where
we will need to take up arms in both meatspace and cyberspace if we wish
to defend our basic human rights.
(Former NRA members are unlikely to take any more consolation from the
 government's expressed desire to only want to ban 'strong' crypto, than
 they were from the government's incremental announcements that they only
 want to ban criminal/assault/dangerous-looking/kind-of-scary/citizen's
 guns.)
  Rage Against The Machine
  Lock And Load
  Lock And Loll
Human Gus-Peter-San

@_date: 1997-12-15 02:44:02
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Tell the fans, not the players 
Jam Choke, ravaging the Young and wringing the Bell, wroted:
Spin-doctor alert.
  No need to announce yourself, Jim. Your name is in the From: header.
Jim Bell plea bargained period. Had he had one iota of the 'guts' you so
blithely banter about the case would be going to trial.
Plea-bargaining = capitulation = self-censorship
  Spoken like a free man...
  I've sat at a lot of border crossings 'psychically willing' my sweat
back into the pores of my body. I've been pulled over by the Men in
Black on dark roads late at night, within sight of the towers where the Iron Curtain is personified in a chambered round which serves as
a local currency price-tag on free speech. I've sat in courtrooms in
which justice was an unwanted intruder and mere mention of it caused
the dogs of war to growl and bare their teeth. (e.g. 'Bell' County,
Texas) I've waited for interminable hours while interrogators were
being brought in from distant places to shake me up, down and sideways
to find a small vulnerable spot that could be ripped open with the
one-sided sword of dark authority.
  I know the tune Bell's persecutors were playing. It is a dark and
scary tune most effective when played to an audience of one.
  Anyone who thinks that Jim was imprisoned in America is a fool. Jim
was in a Gulag, in Auschwitz, in a sweat box in a distant jungle.
  Bell was the target of an insidious physical, mental and emotional
attack threatening the most deep-seated human impetus of all--survival.
The methods used against Bell are the same methods used by despotic
regimes throughout history and by the mind-benders who serve them.
  I've been the target of wanna-be local Nazis and I've been the target
of the real McCoys. The hands pulling the strings in Jim's case were
not amateur. They were the same hands that have massaged the minds of
prisoners of war, defectors, political prisoners and compromised spooks.
  Anyone who believes that Jim received his right to legal counsel is
likewise a fool. The difference between Bell's attorney and McVeigh's
attorney is that established heavyweights get paid $15 million to
sleepwalk their client to a conviction. The lightweights get paid with
future political favors.
  Bell was unconstitutionally imprisoned, drugged, and subjected to
sensory deprivation torture as punishment for exercising his right to think and speak freely. Anyone who attempts to justify this with
weak claims that Bell was 'asking for it' is also justifying McVeigh's
counter-attack on the Waco murderers, who, for those of you who are
paying attention, are continuing to 'ask for it.'
  The Sympatico AP-BOT received bets on the times of demise of even
some of the lowliest government paperwork shufflers involved in Jim's
case. The Netcom AP-Bot received belated bets on the times of demise
of *all* of the government casualties in the OKC offensive. (Definitely
a political statement...)
  Jim's political statement *has* made a difference in the implementation
of, and experimentatin with, AP-BOTs. His persecution has made those steps
both real and meaningful for the participants. There is currently an
AP-BOT accessible from an Eternity Server which is serving as a test
of the ability of underground InterNet activity to become widespread and
remain covert and untouchable in its operation. (For each unit bet on
the choice of the individual, it is *required* to generate an extra unit
which is automatically used to bet on the demise of the Big Guy. This
requirement is designed to take the exercise beyond the realm of being
merely a 'fun game.')
  Anyone who easily dismisses Jim Bell as a 'loon' is probably not in great danger of dropping their dime.
  Wavy Gravy is a loon. The Smothers Brothers were loons. Lenny Bruce,
Cheech and Chong, Timothy Leary, Babba Ram Das, Ginsberg, Kerouac,
Guerva, Patton... They were all capble, to a different extent, of knowing when it was safe to relax their anus, and when it was unwise
to do so.
  When the government puts your ass in a vice and makes keeping your
cheeks tight a condition of loosening it, the decision to spit or sing,
or merely to remain passive, is an individual decision. It does not
increase my respect for anyone if they choose to use someone else's
trials and tribulations as a stick to beat their own tough-guy drum.
  Just as there are no athiests in foxholes, there are no tough guys
in Gulags. There are only survivors...and not all who leave alive are
  Plain and simple: Jim Bell is a political pri$oner of the men, women
and children who steal your money at gunpoint.
  Jim Bell's human and civil rights were violated more over vague public
speech involving those who control the money spigot than were those of
Terry McNichols over the violent deaths of over a hundred citizens.
  God help us all if anyone ever bombs the Treasury.

@_date: 1997-12-18 04:29:06
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: InfoWar  666 / (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 15664 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-04 13:11:29
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd) 
My uncle wrote, anonymously:
"I blamed it on the dog, and all I got was this T-shirt and a spanking!"
Human Gus-Peter

@_date: 1997-11-04 14:55:12
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Jodi Hoffman:  Homophobe!!!!!!!! 
At the risk of sounding like a Bible-basher, I have to admit that
I used to regard an inordinate number of Christians as ignorant,
until I found out that many of them are quite simply being very
deceptive about their nonsensical, party-platform claims.
To tell the truth, I respected them more when I thought they
were just ignorant.
Most of the prosetylizing that I have been subjected to consists of
vague, unsubtantiated claims, followed by prophetic pronouncements
of 'the way things are', backed up by quoting the same prophetic
pronouncements to 'prove' this or that point.
Let me state that I think there are a great many 'good' Christians
in the world. i.e. - the ones that leave me the fuck alone!

@_date: 1997-10-10 18:00:46
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Defeating MITM with Eric's Secure Phone 
Plus - A table can be based on a previously agreed upon one-time pad,
  such as the old-school spook classic, first three words, second
  column, page 3, New York Times. PlusPlus - On the InformEnergy Highway, this method can be further   obscured by use of data on an obscure website, text or source,   binary or hex, etc.
The point being, that one can use complex or obscure methodologies
to obtain the one-time pad table of the day, which can be simple enough to calculate on-the-fly in one's head.
there Are Some Similar metHOds peopLe can useE
which can even be used by children, such as myself.
Kill Flags - When WE' RElying on FeatUres of suCh Kinds, Everyone
  shoulD be using prearranged kill flags to signal danger.
Keep in mind that I may just be telling you these things because
I am a cop and trying to gain your confidence.
OTOH, how many cops have a:
Human Gus-Peter

@_date: 1997-10-21 10:51:39
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: A Math problem related to cryptography 
I have another problem related to cryptography:
 "What is the capital of Nova Scotia?"
(I need to know by 10 p.m., cause that's when I have to go to bed)
Human Gus-Peter

@_date: 1997-10-27 17:25:09
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Mmphmmphmmmph! (WAS Re: I Broke PGP!!!) 
No he isn't. I am!
{Him and Bianca are ! so I am using his  computer.}
I am going to see if I can un-revoke the key, too. But if I can,
then I will re-revoke it. {I just want to see if I can do it.}
  Nope. You're wrong!
TruthMangler (hee, hee...)
p.s. - I know who you are, too, Mr. Anonymous person who works for
my uncle's internet provider. Am I right?

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:52:19
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: prova 
Anon-To: danbaldi at tin.it
daniele has trouble reading the remailer instructions because
she has to peek around the huge horse cock she has in her
