
@_date: 1993-11-05 20:37:52
@_author: hh@cicada.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse? 
Harassing other users is considered abuse, and sending chain letters is a
form of harassing other users.  However, it's not a very serious form of
abuse.  If I found conclusive evidence that someone were sending something
like childporn through my remailer, I would take some pretty drastic
actions.  Chainletters are just an annoyance.
Well, there aren't any guidelines for the proper use.  The only things which
are improper uses are uses designed to make the Net a less friendly place by
harassing other users, and uses which I find morally unbearable, like
childporn or something like that.
Note that the only way I found out that you had sent that through my
remailer was because the mail bounced.  The only way I am aware of stuff
going through my remailer is stuff that bounces or when recipients of mail
complain.  I don't read logs; I wouldn't have time to do that if I had 30
hour days, and besides, most of it is encrypted anyway.

@_date: 1994-04-07 17:22:13
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: the hh remailer on soda 
the remailer, hh at soda.berkeley.edu, has moved slightly, and is now
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu.  everything will work the same way, and an alias
pointing from hh to remailer will exist indefinitely.
expect another change some time in a few months:  soda itself will move from
soda.berkeley.edu to soda.csua.berkeley.edu, and the remailer will move to
another machine, perhaps ftp.csua.berkeley.edu or something like that.
personal mail to me on soda can be sent to cat at soda.  a note to list
maintainers: please leave me on the cypherpunks list as hh at soda, not
cat at soda.
i would like to thank ERic (melhaff at soda) and matt (seidl at soda) and the rest
of the soda staff and the csua for creating the dedicated remailer account
and for being supportive of the remailer project.
as an aside, i am actively working on an encrypted alias remailer, which is
currently in testing, and will come on line for public use soon.

@_date: 1994-04-25 03:02:50
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: taming the wild pgp 
i'm having a problem with pgp.  i want to use it in my remailer
to decrypt incoming encrypted remail requests.  the problem is this:
someone could send in a keyfile instead of an encrypted text.
according to the pgp manual,
If you want to specify a particular key ring file name, but want to
see all the keys in it, try this alternative approach:
    pgp keyfile
With no command options specified, PGP lists all the keys in
keyfile.pgp, and also attempts to add them to your key ring if they
are not already on your key ring.
this is bad because that's also the command used to decrypt
a file.  how can i make sure that the only thing pgp will attempt
to do is decrypt a file, and it will never take keys from
the input file and add them to any keyring?

@_date: 1994-01-11 02:35:12
@_author: hh@cicada.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: yet another thing tacked on to my slocal 
You can get the ordering info about the Cypherpunks T shirt by sending mail
to hh at soda.berkeley.edu with "tshirt-info" (spelling counts!) in the subject
line.  This is part of my plot to subvert all Internet protocols and just
use Port 25 for everything.
