
@_date: 2002-10-06 22:16:03
@_author: Hisham755674@bigfoot.com 
@_subject: No subject 
Have Your Down line Built BEFORE
you Spend Any Money!
This program even offers you
a Monthly Guaranteed Minimum
GUARANTEED DOWN LINE, GUARANTEED INCOME!
Don't miss out on this Great Opportunity
to secure yourself a
Guaranteed Monthly Minimum Income!
It's FREE to join our Post Launch Program!
Your FREE membership # will also be entered
into a lucky draw to WIN $100 to shop online!
ALL new members who join after
you will be placed in ONE Straight Line
down UNDER you.
YOU can easily get 2,000 members
under YOU in a month!
There is absolutely NO RISK to get
involved and NO COST
to join our Post Launch Program.
To grab a FREE ID simply reply to
 and in the body of the email, write this phrase: "Grab me a free membership!" Be sure to include your: 1. First name 2. Last name
3. Email address (if different from above) We will confirm your position and send you a special report as soon as possible,
and also Your free Member Number.
That's all there's to it. We'll then send you info, and you can make up your own
mind. Looking forward to hearing from you! Hisham Albuflaseh
hash913 at hotmail.com HERE P.S. After having several negative experiences with network marketing companies I had pretty much given up on them. This is different - there is value,
integrity, and a REAL opportunity to have your own home-based business... and
finally make real money on the internet. Don't pass this up..you can sign up and test-
drive the program for FREE. All you need to do is get your free membership.
Unsubscribing: Send a blank  "Remove" in the subject line. By submitting a request for a FREE DHS Club
Membership, I agree to accept email from the DHS Club for both their consumer
and business opportunities.

@_date: 2002-10-12 13:48:16
@_author: Hisham755674@bigfoot.com 
@_subject: No subject 
- You get emails every day, offering to show you how to make money. Most of these emails are from people who are NOT making any money. And they
expect you to listen to them? Enough. If you want to make money with your
computer, then you should hook up with a group that is actually DOING it.
We are making a large, continuing income every month. What's more - we will
show YOU how to do the same thing. This business is done completely by internet
and email, and you can even join for free to check it out first. If you can send an
email, you can do this. No special "skills" are required. How much are we making?
Anywhere from $2000 to $9000 per month. We are real people, and most of us
work at this business part-time. But keep in mind, we do WORK at it - I am not
going to insult your intelligence by saying you can sign up, do no work, and rake in
the cash. That kind of job does not exist. But if you are willing to put in 10-12 hours
per week, this might be just the thing you are looking for. This is not income that is
determined by luck, or work that is done FOR you - it is all based on your effort.
But, as I said, there are no special skills required. And this income is RESIDUAL -
meaning that it continues each month (and it tends to increase each month also).
Interested? I invite you to find out more. You can get in as a free member, at no
cost, and no obligation to continue if you decide it is not for you. We are just
looking for people who still have that "burning desire" to find an opportunity that will
reward them incredibly well, if they work at it. To grab a FREE ID simply reply to
 and in the body of the email, write this phrase: "Grab me a free membership!" Be sure to include your: 1. First name 2. Last name
3. Email address (if different from above) We will confirm your position and send you a special report as soon as possible,
and also Your free Member Number.
That's all there's to it. We'll then send you info, and you can make up your own
mind. Looking forward to hearing from you! Hisham Albuflaseh
hash913 at hotmail.com HERE P.S. After having several negative experiences with network marketing companies I had pretty much given up on them. This is different - there is value,
integrity, and a REAL opportunity to have your own home-based business... and
finally make real money on the internet. Don't pass this up..you can sign up and test-
drive the program for FREE. All you need to do is get your free membership.
Unsubscribing: Send a blank  "Remove" in the subject line. By submitting a request for a FREE DHS Club
Membership, I agree to accept email from the DHS Club for both their consumer
and business opportunities.

@_date: 2002-10-15 20:42:15
@_author: Hisham755674@bigfoot.com 
@_subject: No subject 
Get this great opportunity to study computer and earn while you are studying, YES what you read is true for more details. visit us at: What can you get from this system?
Web Pack that includes the following great products:
-A fun way of learning, with your own personal tutor,
in the convenience and comfort from any computer with
an internet connection or you can even download these tutorials.
Available in English, Arabic, Urdu and Turkish languages.
a. Fundamentals of Computers
b. Windows XP c. Front Page 2002 d. Word 2002
e. Internet Explorer 6
f. MS Excel 2002
g. MS Outlook
Kids Section:- New gift for your Kids. Computer Courses, Ryms, Games
and Lot More!!! -Self Assessment Tests
-Get your free 50MB (10MB X 5) web space for Personal and Business use. -Classical Web-Builder
-File Manager-E-Commerce Web-Builder-You can create your personal email address through Nas WebMail.
Nas WebMail is accessible from any Internet connection, unbeatable 25 MB of email box.
-Loyalty Card
-Replicated Referral Web Site
-Two Powerful Sales Commission Plans
Fatima Alansari
falansari at alfanooce.8k.com
Don't pass this up..you can just benefit nothing to loses!
If you receive this email in error or you want to unsubscribing: Send a blank  "Remove" in the subject line.
