
@_date: 2001-07-10 22:34:57
@_author: Edward 
@_subject: ¢Â¢Â¢ÂNO CHAIN CYCLE 202¢Â¢Â¢Â  
NO CHAIN CYCLE 202
  Safety ! Speedly ! Convenient ! Lightly !  1.PERFECT FREEDOM DANGER     Preventing the injuries by the chain when bikes fall down
    (Especially,in the case of children`s we expect to be reduced 80 up
    to 90 percent of the dangers of injuries by the chain)
 2.EASY HANDLING     The handling is easy with the function of chainless three gears,
    and the reduction of mechanical troubles of the gearbox is     remarkable compared with the bikes attached multi-gears on the
    ordinary chains.
 3.DIRTY FREE.
    It`s the solution to the problem oof smeared over clothes going on
    a bicycle for leisure and salaried employee.
 4.AFFINITY FOR ENVIRONMENT
    The ordinary chain bikes have to put frequently lubrication oil     on the chain to prevent corrosion and abrasion.But,in the case of
    the cainless bikes,it is affinity for environment the reason why the
    mechanical parts built in the covered steel cap that the lubrication
    oil does not make environmental pollution.
5.EASY AND CONVENIENCE FOR CUSTODY AND MAINTENANCE
    It does not require troublesome handworks during custody,and     worries about corrosion in a long term custody are reduced remarkably
    compared with the ordinary chain bikes.
    Otherwise,the chainless bike is convenience without missing chain     from track.
    The chainless bike(Steals)
    1)the function of 3th step of three gears emphasized on weight training.
    2)the function of 2nd step of three gears for transportation of everyday
       life.
    3)the fuction of 1st step of three gears for easy climbing acclivity.   The mondems should spend money buying sporting goods and invest time
  for their health management by the lack of exercise.
  The STEALS,chainless bike is aiming at the unification of the double   burden money and time,and offer the solution into the everyday working   as the answer of it.
HOW TO USE NO CHAIN CYCLE
1.The Chainless Bike does not require troublesome handworks     that is the charater.
2.The gearbox shall be cleaned 1~2 time in a couple year and then,        put in a small quantity of gears.    3.When you want changing rears (speed) while running the bike,stop the         pedal and turn smoothly the gearbox.    SPECIFICATION OF NO CHAIN CYCLE
1.Specification of gearbox (changing gears)      a.Hi-Speed    3th step      : 1 vs 3.5       b.Medium-Speed 2nd step : 1 vs 2.4       c.Low-speed  1st step      : 1 vs 1.8    2.Comparative Table                                        Chain Bike           Chainless Bike
     Transmission               Chain                     Gerar
     Life Span                   Short                      Long
     Against Impact             Weak                     Strong
     Obstacles                   Hindrance              Without Hindrance
                                                               (spring & ropes)
We are looking for buyer or dealer C&I International.
Johnny Kim

@_date: 2001-07-16 21:13:17
@_author: s.somy 
@_subject: Get paid to read e.mail 
Get Paid to Read e.mail.
Very easy to earn money,Just read mail.
$2,000 a month guarantee.
Signup in free.
