
@_date: 2001-08-06 15:44:38
@_author: Julie  
@_subject: On OPRAH???  I made $2,000/4 WEEKS!  Did YOU?   
Will You Live BELOW POVERTY LEVEL?
ATTENTION: You have received this message because you have recently posted to my FFA pages, belong to the same safelists, clubs, email lists, or have emailed me with your
business opportunity.  If you believe that you have received this in error I sincerely apologize. Per the proposed H.R. 3113 Unsolicited Electronic Mail Act of 2000, further transmissions to you by me may be stopped at no cost to you by forwarding this email to REMOVE at:  homebusinesssuccess37087 at yahoo.com  Thank you! It is no longer possible to work for 30 or 40 years and retire comfortably.  Recently published research and studies show us that that the overwhelming majority of seniors are now, TODAY, LIVING BELOW POVERTY LEVEL.   Are YOU willing to live that
way after YEARS OF HARD WORK?
Retire Quickly is a 100% debt-free company in 70+ countries.  A solid company with strong growth worldwide. Excellent representative/customer retention rate to
date.  Excellent tax benefits. Let Retire Quickly Corporation teach you how to quickly and effectively reduce and/or eliminate personal/business debt, protect your assets, and plan for your future needs with their flagship proprietary eCourse,
"How to Retire Quickly." The lesson on debt-free living alone will save most people
hundreds of thousands of dollars in their lifetimes. Great educational value at $49.95 and tax deductible(US). NEW Global VISA PayCard with all new enrollments. No more waiting for checks
to arrive or post.  Immediate access to your money wherever VISA is accepted, thousands of locations worldwide.  All bonuses and commissions are paid in US$'s. Fantastic for all International Reps!
Complete website within seconds of enrolling as customer or representative. Tremendous income potential.  Very low retail/rep start up costs. Fully automated system with great tools to build your business. Training provided. eCourse is also available immediately as a stand-alone product for our retail customers. Visit my website   Enroll for your FREE 3 Day Trial.  Be sure to order my FREE gift to you, "Seven Secrets to Earning $100,000 From Home" without obligation. What do you have to Thanks for your time!
Julie Mills
615-444-4487 (Central)
