
@_date: 2000-12-01 18:32:34
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Scenes from the Supreme Court protests today 
Nice shots, Declan.  The first two look positively surreal,
especially the cops. The third is awesome -- shades of hmm, I'm thinking
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-12-04 15:33:36
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
Preservation of logs is "the law"? That's news to me. I've never
preserved a log over the 4 weeks or so that the default unix config.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-12-04 16:00:48
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
Not only that, but we don't and have never kept any sort of router logs,
which is really what they would be after, I'd think. And we are the ISP for all
the libraries in the whole NE part of MN. Just think of all those perverts and
narco-terrorists using the free internet access in our libraries to keep in touch
with Osama anonymously.  Shame on us, shame, shame!
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-12-05 12:36:57
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Sex abuse Denver Need Help 
Too cool! This guy even got himself an account at toad.com? Some
of this spam is getting really interesting, like the wolf guy.  Makes me
feel sane -- sort of.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-12-06 00:06:08
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
No, he wasn't killed, he's still alive and agitating. He wasn't
hurt as badly as she (the bomb was under her seat). Interesting thing
was the FBI had just been holding a bomb class for the local pigs just
before this, where they taught the oinks to build pipe bombs, practice
setting them off in a nearby quarry, etc.
     And guess who showed up at the bombing scene within 15 minutes of
the bomb explosion? Why, your friendly FBI bomb teachers. They arrested
Judi and Darryl Cherney at the scene as "terrorist bombers" and are now
being sued for false arrest, etc.
      What a great country we live in, eh?

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:42:17
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: openpgp.net down? 
Anybody know what happened to openpgp.net? I haven't had a cpunks post
since last night.

@_date: 2000-11-01 18:14:56
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
Actually, you can do better than that. There's a fed statute (don't
have the # with me, but do at home if someone needs it) that makes
violation of your civil rights by *any* public official a federal
felony. A judge in Tenn. got 32 years in the slammer on this charge a
few years ago. He took it to the Supremes and lost.

@_date: 2000-11-01 21:14:08
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
I haven't tried it with VPC on my Mac, but I tried several times (with
two different releases) to get it to work with Vmware on a linux box.  It was
never able to get connected for it's initial config. I could go anywhere else
on the net, but once I tried to use Freedom, it not only wouldn't connect to
them, but then trashed all my tcp/ip networking until I removed it.
      Which was surprising, actually -- I think it's the first thing I've found
that I couldn't get to work with Vmware. And VPC has been the same, everything
I've tried running on it works great, but I didn't bother trying Freedom since
I don't need w95 on my Mac, just DOS and w3.1 for some old stuff.
     OTOH, it might work with VPC -- seems like Vmware has a weirder network
setup than VPC, and maybe using a modem might make a big difference too, since
VPC can access the modem directly and not get it's tcp/ip connection thru the
host OS -- which, if I recall, the Freedom server saw as a proxy and so it

@_date: 2000-11-02 19:32:29
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: VerySafe? 
Has this been discussed on the list in recent (or even ancient)
memory? If so, I can't recall it, and looked thru my own archives going
back a couple years and didn't find it.

@_date: 2000-11-03 07:15:54
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: VerySafe? 
Agreed, it's clearly not a solution -- I'm just amazed that with all the
flack about ZK, something even worse goes unnoticed. Or are there so many of
these pseudo-secure outfits that it would be a waste of bandwidth to
comment. I thought it also interesting that if you try to go to their site
with java turned off, you get nothing but a blank, white page. Or maybe
that's just in netscape.

@_date: 2000-11-06 23:59:57
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: US report urges Arafat to use torture for peace 
What kind of bullshit is this? The term "stone throwers" make's it sound
like it's a bunch of little kids thowing pebbles. These dudes are throwing
fist sized rocks and many of them are using the old thong slings like David
used to slay Goliath. And you get a whole gang of them -- it's deadly barrage.
That's how they used to execute people over there -- "let him who casts the
first stone", eh?
     What would you do if a mob came at you throwing stones the size of your
fist? I'd open up on them myself without a qualm. And not with rubber bullets
either. The Israeli soldiers are showing incredible restraint -- I'd just go
rock and roll solid ball, with a ma deuce if I had it.

@_date: 2000-11-07 10:28:27
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: US report urges Arafat to use torture for peace 
Forget the politics, whose right or wrong, etc.  -- just
consider the situation of a mob coming at you throwing large stones (and
molotov cocktails -- and also firing weapons occasionally). What would
you do, hold your fire? Use rubber bullets?
         What I object to is the slanted reporting of the left-wingers
who continually speak about "stone throwing youths" as if these were
children throwing little pebbles.
           But on the political side -- yes, there too the Israeli's are
showing restraint. They should never have allowed any Arabs to remain
inside their borders. The Palestinians have a country, it's called
Jordan. And the problem in Jordan is that they have a royal family who
is not Palestinian, but Saudi. Everyone else is Palestinian.  Israel is
a incredibly tiny piece of land, very hard to defend militarily, and
impossible without the westbank.
             I notice that those people who whine about the Israeli's
taking Arab land don't follow their own beliefs and pack up and go back
to Europe and give my ancestors land back to us. Fair is fair, right?
Put your money where your mouth is, Choate.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-11-07 21:32:45
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Courts interfering with election 
The real question is why weren't there enough polls to take
care of the number of people who want to vote -- it's not just St.
Louis, the same thing is happening in many places. In most states,
however, the polls are just staying open. If you have a line of people
waiting to vote, how dare they close the polls? The people should take
the polling officials outside and hang them from the nearest lamppost if
they try to close the polls.
           Not providing enough places to vote is on the same par as
requiring a poll tax or any of the other criminally enacted laws
designed to frustrate voters.

@_date: 2000-11-08 23:53:29
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [Correction] More blather from the DEMS on FL 
OTOH, it's gwbush's brother runs the state, eh?   8-) And didn't the exit
polls say Gore won?

@_date: 2000-11-09 22:54:31
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Democrats are arguing for "statistical sampling voting" 
Funny, I did sorta' the same thing here, only I got 3 cats and only one
can of, er, "ballot".  It was a landslide.  Of course, these 3 (Mama Fritzi
and her two offspring, P-Boy and Rachel) are feral cats never had no learnin'
except the street. More than a bit spooky, and quick to strike out with fang
and claw, also quick to disappear when strangers come. I trust their
judgement. Mama Fritzi learnt 'em well -- always have a good deep hidey-hole,
rip the shit outa' anybody lays a hand on you, and move fast. They guard me
when I sleep.

@_date: 2000-11-13 18:02:26
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: what hell 
Oh, Declan, you were ever so much more voluble on NPR this morning.   8-)
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-11-14 15:47:20
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Can't imagine mixing dye with DMSO -- if you've ever played with
DMSO, you'd know that putting a little anywhere on your skin brings it
into your mouth, and everywhere else in your body, within seconds. You can
taste it almost immediately, and any chemical combined with it is also
carried throughout the body, which is often not a good idea.      But the dye-dipped finger is a good idea, which would also negate the
need for those little "I voted" badges.

@_date: 2000-11-28 10:32:41
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Imagine 
And of course if algore wins thru his court challenges, most
people would see that as a rigged election as well.  Which it is --
either way.  Just two criminal gangs fighting over turf.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-11-28 17:28:40
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Vinge 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 1027 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2000-11-28 20:21:22
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: NRO Secrecy 
New NRO Mandate Raises Secrecy Flag
A commission created to examine the future of the National
Reconnaissance Office (NRO) wants that agency to set up a highly
classified office to spearhead advanced research.
The commission also concluded that the NRO -- arguably the largest
intelligence agency in the United States in budget terms -- should
outsource more of its satellite intelligence from commercial
The National Commission for the Review of the NRO recommended that an
Office of Space Reconnaissance be established that would be granted
top-secret procurement status, with oversight by only the highest
levels of government.
The plan is drawing criticism from some groups, who warn that
increasing the secretive nature, scope, and budget of the NRO without
instituting new accountability measures is risky.

@_date: 2000-11-28 22:02:25
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
Was that html? Sorry, it shouldn't have been. I was just playing
with Netscape 6 and noticed several things to be broken in it -- that
must be another.

@_date: 2000-11-28 23:18:57
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
Really! Hadn't heard it was -- oh well! Chance's are tho the value will
hold, since Vinge seems to be collectible judging by the prices at
          That's why I said "I wish I could afford..."  8-)  I also
frequently wish I could go back to grad school, get my PhD in religious
studies or MFA in creative writing and get a job teaching in at some
groovy college. Same problem -- can't afford it.
    Powell's is awesome. I'm glad I only get to visit it once in awhile --
I'd go broke otherwise.

@_date: 2000-11-29 08:24:45
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
Yes, I remember you saying "maybe this means...."  --- but when? I want
to read it now.
     And they also say "March 2001", but given the fact that the print
industry is much like the software industry in vaporous publishing dates,
who knows when?. Amazon compounds this by advertising all sorts of books,
etc. that they don't have in hand.
      But I'll probably buy the new edition when it comes out. I spend
ridiculous amounts of money on books every month anyway. Just went to one of
those remaindered book outlets last weekend and bought 6-7 books, then went
to Barnes & Noble and bought more.
       Like I said, I'd really be happy running a used book store. Guess I'm
just a book freak.

@_date: 2000-11-29 08:35:22
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
Hot Damn! Thanx loads, Bill -- you've just given me a real clue on how
I can make a bundle in the book store business. Let's see, I have a degree
in religious studies from the UofWI, and long held ordination papers from
the Universal Life Church, and ......    Hmm, I also own six old offset
presses, and have another degree in creative writing, so I can pump out
lots of screed.  I wonder who I could get to cast some images of Jim Bell
hanging on a cross?

@_date: 2000-11-29 22:09:36
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: online copy of Vinge's True Names 
Hmm, all I get when I go there is a blank page, but it looks like some
really big files a loading before it gets there.Wonder wht I'm downloading?
Wonder if I'm bullet proof?  Care to download it and send it to me?

@_date: 2000-11-29 23:41:37
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
I don't know - 25 bucks doesn't get you much anymore. I spent $40
tonight in a mediocre resturant for some walleye and a couple glasses of
Merlot. About 2 hours and they didn't even have a cute waitress.  I'm sure
the book will be much more filling.

@_date: 2000-11-30 07:53:54
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Sunders point on copyright infringement & HTML 
Huh, that's interesting -- I'm using NS as well, ver. 4.75, on a
Mac, and Riad's message worked fine - as they usually do. I'll look at it
later at work with NS 4.75 and NS 6 on linux and see if there's any
difference. Could try Mozilla as well. I've noticed recent versions of NS
do weird things with outgoing email -- at least the linux version, but
not the Mac. Forwarded mail sent as an attachment either goes as a blank
page or as unreadable hex. Inline forwards work fine. And posts sent to
usenet from linux NS show up as mime or hex as well, and are unreadable
with some readers. And I somehow sent a html message to this list the
other day with NS6, although it hasn't done it since. Very strange
behavior. One thing that NS for Mac does that I wish it did on other
platforms is that it interfaces with pgp very nicely.
      Also will be looking at the "True Names" site from there too --
altough a kind soul sent me the zipped copy.

@_date: 2000-11-30 10:36:36
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: online copy of Vinge's True Names 
Interestingly enough, all you have to do to get this page to work
is open it in Netscape Composer, save it to your drive. Should have thought
of that last night.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-18 13:10:33
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: The "Ungoverned", or at least "Unprotected" (was Re: NSA 
Speaking of "The Ungoverned", I've been looking for it, can't find
it in libraries, Amazon, or Bibliofind, so I'm thinking that it was in a
collection? Does anyone know which?
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-18 15:33:20
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: The "Ungoverned", or at least "Unprotected" (was Re: NSA 
Something I'm going to have to start looking for, I guess. Just
did a Bibliofind search for True Names, found only 3 copies -- two were $100
each (one like new, the other "signed by author" ) and the other was $60.  I
buy a lot of used books, and those are pretty amazing prices for fairly
recent paperbacks, and especially a high volume sci-fi.
  Sigh!
         I read his "Deepness In the Sky" and liked it.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-18 15:43:53
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: The "Ungoverned", or at least "Unprotected" (was Re: NSA 
Ah, thanx -- I did find that exact copy in one of the high school libraries
in our consortium.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-18 15:53:29
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
I had a fidonet node for awhile.  The concept really needs to be
revived -- and combined with more recent developments like Publius, freenet,
and gnutella.  Sort of an underground internet -- the Information Subway.  Just
remember I coined that one and it's copylefted.
             And for all I know, people are already doing it. A subterranean
"fidonet" partially using the net, partially (or maybe totally for some groups)
the old fidonet, middle of the night phone updates and downloads, coupled with
pgpfone. Add in packet radio.  And what with carnivore, et al, maybe it'll
become the next big thing.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-18 17:45:18
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
No, that's just alternative dns.  Fidonet had most of what the internet has,
other than speed and the web  -- file repositories, email, newsgroups -- but it was
all done privately. My node would call a higher node in the middle of the night and
exchange files, mail, etc.  Sometimes it was a little funky, like when someone up
the line was too broke to make the long distance calls every night so the mail got
stuck there, but generally it was pretty efficient.
       For privacy seeking groups, however, it certainly still has an application,
with modifications to incorporate crypto. If packet radio were used, it could be
totally anonymous, modeled after mixmaster, with key authentication, but pretty much
untraceable, especially with burst broadcasting technology.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-18 18:14:29
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
Also there was a Tandy Model B with a "6000" conversion which
consisted of a 6030 (? might have only been a 6010 or so, I can't remember)  --
anyway, it ran SCO Xenix.  I got a used one in '88, and it was seemed a good
bit faster than the 286 I bought in '87.  Multiuser, true multitasking unix.
Very cool machine. Kinda' funky graphics tho. I think there was a better
graphics board that I couldn't afford at the time.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-19 10:33:46
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Subway (was I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" ) 
At least -- but it's still subject to traffic analysis to discover who the
perps are, on both ends. And yes, phones can be tapped too, but it's more difficult,
takes more effort, warrants (at least here, so far). But I've been thinking more
about this and realized that packet radio is really the best transport medium, done
in burst modes on shortwave or even CB frequencies with big linear amps. A pirate
packet network,  with some stations just running scanners and gatewaying into the
internet maybe.  Or just design a easily built TNC to work with standard modems and
running off AM or shorwave radio receivers, widely publish the schematics, and the
code, so anybody, anywhere in the world could just listen in, and, if they dared
(and had a transmitter) become a broadcast node as well.  Bursts, especially on
random frequencies, are pretty hard to pinpoint, but computer run scanners with a
"tcp/ip" to reassemble fragmented packets can listen and gather.
        Here's what someone else was saying to me on this, altho he's pretty much
concentrating on the net as a transport medium, while I think we might want soon
want (and  for places like China right now) to have something which might easily be
monitored, but not easily stopped. And if it's all in strong crypto, who cares who
monitors it -- while strong crypto in email could easily just become verboten on the
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-20 07:11:17
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: The "Ungoverned", or at least "Unprotected" (was Re: NSA 
There are at least two editions of this, from what I've seen thus far, the
'86 edition doesn't have "The Ungoverned" in it, but the later ('92, I think)
definitely does. I was lucky enough to find the latter in a local highschool

@_date: 2000-10-20 12:28:05
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: FidoNet II 
All the wireless LAN/WAN stuff uses encryption, altho only 128bit
AFAIK. However, do crypto-anarchists really care what the FCC says? When/if
crypto email is outlawed on the net, will packet pirates give a rat's ass
whether it's legal to broadcast spread spectrum encrypted data, usurping
whatever band is optimal or they can afford the hardware for?
         I'm working with wireless specs right now, but for WAN (although you
can use the same hardware)  and trying to do this with that tech is pretty
limiting. If you want any distance at all (over about 800 feet) it's strictly
point-to-point, true line of sight, which means no foliage in the way.  You can
do about 25-30 miles that way, and you can have repeaters, of course, but you
have to get up over the tree tops.  And you can get 11mbs over that distance
with pretty cheap hardware, but the towers cost you at least $2500 each. Of
course you can use existing towers.
        But, of course, this is all pretty obvious stuff -- easy to spot, easy
to destroy, hardly a underground answer.  And pretty expensive compared to say
shortwave broadcast hardware.
               I was thinking more like converted mil surplus or cb or ham
          Especially in the early stages.  Fido2 nodes all around the internet,
set up and functioning with mirrors to packet radio units hidden away in the
bunkers.  8-)  And maybe played with occasionally.
            I think you'd want to meld mixmaster with something like CLX (
 ) the packet node software.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-22 09:09:46
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: H-WEB: G Radnitzky on Hayek & libertarianism 
I definitely intend to read more on Hayek, and am not disagreeing with
the above, but I'm having a hard time imagining how this would work with real
property. I'm living in my house, all paid for, you can't kick me out and move
in since the law says it's my house. Take away the state, and I (and perhaps
my family and friends, neighbors, tribe, whatever) simply kill you when you
try to move in, which is clearly not workable in many situations, i.e., you
have more men with guns.
     I can easily understand how crypto can protect intellectual property,
ecash, etc. but not real estate, cars, whatever, without ultimately a state or
some sort of arbitrating body (men with guns) to enforce title. Crypto --
digisigs -- to prove title, of course, but title has never meant much to men
with guns who wanted it.
      And don't take this to mean I'm arguing against abolition of the state,
I'm just looking for an explanation on how this would work.

@_date: 2000-10-24 18:30:22
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk?) 
Gee, I saw the Matrix as definitely being our world now, today -- as
was The 13th Floor, and Wag the Dog.  What they are all talking about is the
illusionary nature of "reality".  Basic Buddhist precept, really -- and very
apropos for our times.  Forget the sci-fi razzmatazz.  They're just trying to
wake people up to the scam, the big lie.  Watch Wag the Dog on DVD, and then
watch the commentary that comes with it.  Reality is a construct, built by
our keepers.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-25 10:16:44
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk? 
5,000? They've all been sellout crowds of 10,000-12,000 or more and
they all have to *pay* to get in, $10-20 each.  Bush and Gore don't charge
anything and nobody comes.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-10-31 11:05:36
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mootos 
That looks like an interesting approach, but what if your
keyboard (motherboard, monitor, whatever) is bugged?
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-09-13 17:45:35
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lee Free - Judge Apologizes For Government's Conduct 
Why, then, did he find Lee guilty of a felony? He could have dismissed the charges, eh?
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-09-13 18:49:11
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lee Free - Judge Apologizes For Government's Conduct 
The question was rhetorical, Tim. I followed all the news reports, etc.
It's bullshit -- Lee gets totally screwed, since the files he downloaded
weren't (or so the news story goes) even classified material when he downloaded
them, only later to cover the government's ass.  My question remains - if the
judge really felt he was getting screwed, all he had to do was dismiss the
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-09-14 23:42:08
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
I think you are misunderstanding what he wrote -- and then you
further confuse the issue with this "defendants....shown to possess"
statement. The AN were the defendants, they clearly did have guns.
However, what I understood Phil to be saying is that the defendants
story about them thinking they were being fired upon, and then chasing
after the car, doesn't make a lot of sense. Would you chase after a car
carrying unkown number of enemy with unkown firepower who had just done
a driveby shooting with you as the target?
       Shoot back at them from behind a safe position, yes, and maybe
chase them if you had an APC, but you'd have to be pretty stupid to run
after them otherwise. And Phil isn't saying that the woman and her kid
had a gun at all, but just that the AN tried to BS everyone with that

@_date: 2000-09-15 19:23:08
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: RSA Patent Expiration Composite Party - Sept. 21 
Oh shit, speak for yourself, dude. I'm 57 and I love techno, trance, etc.
I even like to go to sleep at night listening to it. And I'd love to go raving,
if I was ever near one. Probably wouldn't turn down any enlightening chemicals
either.  8-)
      Grow old and senile if you want to -- I ain't interested in that rocking
chair. I may be slower and have less endurance, but at least my spirit is
willing and young.

@_date: 2000-09-16 09:02:19
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: About that waterfall at Gibralter... 
That URL works fine for me -- don't know what your problem is.

@_date: 2000-09-19 12:13:52
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
This guy apparantly can't read.  He certainly didn't read Choate's
reply that there were moderated cp lists, and gave him the url to access
them. Nor did he read the other replies telling him to check the
archives.  And he is totally, absolutely clueless about remailers,
confusing them with nym servers.
             Must be a troll.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-09-20 23:29:06
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
The problem with that, or at least openpgp.net, is that the software also strips the header, so that you have no way to filter the toad.com crap, and thus, the spam.

@_date: 2000-09-21 18:36:12
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A cool idea that didn't hold up under cryptanalysis. 
God, don't say that, you'll get that Emily Dickinson wacko
going again.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-09-24 09:08:15
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: toad.com filter 
I've been checking headers watching for the X-Toad, but none so
far -- not much spam either, but one thing I did notice, that I hadn't
seen before, was an extra X-Loop: on some messages with (in just two,
there hasn't been much traffic) a cypherpunks at algebra.com and ssz.com.
This is in addition to the usual X-Loop: openpgp.net  -- and looking
back, I don't seen those. Is this a new thing? And, it would seem, that
this one does show the origin node? At least in the case of Choate's
message it would seem to -- so toad.com should show up here, I'd think,
and could be filtered on, or is it going to be an actual X-Toad?
      Either way, I'm quite happy to see it! Thanx.

@_date: 2000-09-25 10:18:42
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New email could confound law enforcement 
Yes, it sounded pretty good up until that point. And it must be a
thingy anyway -- if your using a linux box, you have your own sendmail
server, so,
of course, all linux boxes can send email peer-to-peer. But unless
they're encrypted
at the origin, however, they can still fall prey to Carnivore upstream. A
really nice thing
would be a mail client that did automagic crypt, plus a mixmaster
component to hide the
true name of the sender or receiver running on linux.  A netscape plugin
that did this would be
very, very nice, if NS ever became truly opensource. Or some other client
that handled
html mail well.
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2000-09-28 15:10:52
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
I'm having a very difficult time comprehending how plant
lights could even remotely be construed as "probable cause" -- don't the
courts have any idea of the millions of little old ladies (and whoever)
who use plant lights for their house plants? Or of the multitudes who
use them to jump start gardens every Spring, or the many who actually
grow veggies hydroponically in their basement?
Harmon Seaver, MLIS     Systems Librarian
Arrowhead Library System        Virginia, MN
(218) 741-3840  hseaver at arrowhead.lib.mn.us

@_date: 2001-02-01 22:40:15
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: The Register - There are still crypto reg's... 
Says who? I mostly run unix boxes for a living and for fun, but I also have
a Mac at home for DTP and stuff like that. It's a million times preferable to
windoze -- ask any of the pre-press and other graphics professionals. Mac's rule
in that arena, except for those who can afford SGI.
       Well, as one who has to support a large number of windoze boxes (tho my
staff does most of the PC stuff), I'll take Macs over windoze any day of the
week. A single sys admin can support 4 times the number of Macs than windoze
boxes. NT might be more stable than 95/98, but it doesn't have the multimedia
and other features that Macs/windoze have, so it just doesn't make it for
desktops. And 2000 is not an option for most of the 400 or so boxes we have,
they barely have what it takes to run 95. Heck, one of our biggest libraries has
mostly 486's. I'd trade every windoze box we have for Macs if I could. They are
not just 4 times less hassle to support, but they are much, much easier to use
for the non-geeks.
       If you have to deal with windoze a lot on a lot of different machines, it
becomes pretty clear that it is just a truly disgusting piece of garbage, just
endless weirdness, one app install trashes another, an uninstall trashes
something else, just weird, weird, weird. Mac's just work, and work right, for
the most part. Of course, nothing is as nice as unix, but at least Mac's are

@_date: 2001-02-04 16:17:28
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: FDR wanted the TVA to be ... 
Ah yes, the TVA -- wasn't that the bunch of fed assholes who stole
all the farms and homes of thousands upon thousands of American citizens
and at the same time taking away their livelihood, destroying the graves
of their ancestors, tearing apart old, old communities, all for the
purpose of .... hmm, of what? Flooding millions of acres of beautiful
land, creating environmental havoc over a large portion of Tennessee and
Kentucky as well as other states, drowning billions of animals?
      Wonderful, just wonderful --- and you want these cretins to do the
same things elsewhere -- only with nukes this time, eh? Great idea! I
got a better one ---
        Hey Tim -- here's another one that needs killin'.

@_date: 2001-01-03 14:22:28
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Janet Reno on IP, piracy and terrorism 
Bet on it? We don't have to do that -- look who he picked. Asscroft,
the boob who got beat by a dead man. Check out his ultra-fascist voting
record. Gag. Barf.

@_date: 2001-01-04 08:48:00
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: More half-baked social planning ideas 
We have. I do.
    No, those are different forms of central heating units -- a furnace is
forced air, boiler is, uh, hot water or steam.
   Stove is what you cook on -- could also be range, either gas or electric. Or
oil, for that matter, although you don't find those much anymore except as
antiques. I prefer the woodfired cookstove, which we used for many years and are
looking for a new one. Stove is also a part of a car, the sheetmetal piece that
mounts on the exhaust manifold and feeds hot air thru a tube to the airclearner
to prevent carburator icing.
      In differnt areas of the US we have different tems for the thing get water
out of at the sink. In the south it's often called spigot, and in the north
faucet. Also tap. What do you Brits call that?

@_date: 2001-01-04 16:50:11
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
Really? I bought my electric kettle at Target, although I bought
my son's at a fancy cookware shop called Wire Wisk at the mall. I use
mine for tea, he uses his to boil water for both coffee and tea.        No, furnace is furnace, boiler is boiler.
      No, that's a mis-use of the word furnace. Furnaces produce hot
forced air heat. Boilers are boilers, either steam or hot water.      Good grief -- "boiler-type furnaces are quite rare in the US", eh?
You ought to come up north sometimes. Hot water or steam boilers are
extremely common in homes. I wouldn't have anything else -- in fact, a
house with forced air heat wouldn't even be looked at by my wife or I
for potential purchase, they give really lousy,drafty performace which
dries out your skin and shrivels house plants and generally makes you
miserable all Winter. Hydronic heating is the only way to go.      Not only is it better heat, but it also lends itself more readily
to heat storage if you have a combo wood and gas/oil boiler, where you
use a large insulated tank to even out the heat from the higher temp
wood fires. With a wood furnace, the wood burns up, the house gets
overly hot, then the fire goes out and you're cold.      Amazing what passes for cryptic comments these days.

@_date: 2001-01-04 16:51:41
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: [Fwd: End-2000 Alert: John Ashcroft, Clemencies, Hemp Regs] 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
         Drug Reform Coordination Network (DRCNet)
                    Rapid Response Team
    End-2000 Alert:  John Ashcroft, Clemencies, Hemp Regs
    -----------------------------------------------------
                                                       12/28/00
Dear friend of drug law reform:
As the year winds to an end, with Congress in recess and many
of you on vacation, drug reformers are faced with not one, or
even two, but three urgent action items -- as well as a little
bit of good news.  Please take a few moments to call Congress
and the President this week -- it could make all the
difference in the coming year!
URGENT ACTION ITEM   John Ashcroft
As you may have read in mainstream news accounts, Sen. John
Ashcroft, who was defeated for reelection in Missouri by the
late Gov. Mel Carnahan, has been nominated by George W. Bush
to be the next US Attorney General.  It is vital that his
nomination be opposed.  John Ashcroft is one of the most
ideologically extreme drug warriors, and his appointment would
spell trouble for sentencing/prison policies, medical
marijuana, needle exchange, racial profiling, you name it.  We
will be publishing much more information about him in
tomorrow's issue of The Week Online with DRCNet, and will be
issuing detailed action alerts, by January 4th when the new
Senate is sworn in, for opposing him on a state-by-state
In the meantime, please call your two US Senators and ask them
to oppose the controversial John Ashcroft nomination.  You can
reach your Senators (or find out who they are) by calling the
Congressional Switchboard at (202) 224-3121.  You can also
visit  to look up their web sites and
find out their direct numbers in Washington and their local
phone numbers and locations in your state.  Make an in-person
visit if you can!
URGENT ACTION ITEM   Save Industrial Hemp
Drug warriors at the DEA and ONDCP are trying to ban a whole
range of products made with industrial, non-drug hemp.  Their
motivation, ostensibly, is that hemp interferes with drug
testing and creates false positives, causing problems with
federal drug testing programs more complicated.  Really, they
are simply committed to a bizarre ideology that considers hemp
a drug, even though you can't get high with it.  But in doing
so, they are attempting to administratively rewrite 63 years
of US law that clearly makes an exception for low-THC hemp in
the marijuana laws.  Their actions threaten to make a
perfectly legal, fledgling industry and its patrons all
victims of the drug war.
What is happening is that DEA is planning to publish three
"interim rules," which would immediately become effective
while they go through the longer process.  First, the DEA
proposes to change its interpretation of existing law to bring
hemp products within the purview of the Controlled Substances
Act; second, to change DEA regulations to agree with the new
interpretation; and third, to exempt traditional hemp products
not designed for human consumption, such as paper and
clothing, from being subject to the Controlled Substances Act.
(See  for
further information on the looming Hemp Embargo.)
For the rules to become effective, several federal agencies
have to sign off on them.  The so-called Dept. of Justice has
already done so, but they still have to go through Customs,
Treasury, Commerce, and the Office of Management and Budget.
Please call your US Representative and your two US Senators;
ask them to oppose the DEA's illegal hemp regulations and to
put pressure on these agencies to reject the regulations.
Again, you can reach all three of them via the Congressional
Switchboard at (202) 224-3121, or look up their DC and local
contact information and locations via and  on the web.
URGENT ACTION ITEM   Appeal to Clinton for More Clemencies
Less than an hour after the last issue of The Week Online with
DRCNet was published, the news came out that President Bill
Clinton had granted clemencies to two prisoners whose names
are well known to drug reformers:  Dorothy Gaines and Kemba
Smith, now home with their families.  That's the good news;
read more about it in tomorrow's issue.
The action item is to urge Clinton to release more such
prisoners.  There are hundreds of thousands of nonviolent drug
offenders in the nation's penal institutions, tens of
thousands of them in the federal system over which Clinton has
jurisdiction.  It is wonderful that Dorothy and Kemba have
gotten to go home, but two is not enough!
In particular, the 350+ "safety-valve" prisoners should be
released.  These are people who would likely be free today if
they had been sentenced after the passage of the 1994 Crime
Bill, which allowed judges to reduce the sentences of certain
drug offenders who would otherwise get five or ten year
mandatory minimums.  The law was almost passed with
retroactivity, but that fell victim to a frenzied election-
year intersection of drug and gun politics.  Many similar
people's sentences have begun and ended since then.  There is
no reason not to release them.
Another prisoner who deserves to be released is our friend
Todd McCormick, a medical marijuana patient and activist,
whose health is ill-equipped to handle incarceration.  Of
course, there are many prisoners who deserve to be released,
and we will publish more names early next year.
Clinton has until the end of his term, January 20th, to issue
more pardons or clemencies.  Please call the White House
Comment Line at (202) 456-1111, get through to a live
operator, thank the President for releasing Dorothy Gaines and
Kemba Smith but ask him to release more prisoners, such as the
350+ safety-valve prisoners and Todd McCormick, before his
term expires.
Stay tuned for more information and alerts on these urgent
action items.  Please consider making a donation to DRCNet to
help us provide this service.  Contributions from readers like
yourself are our primary means of financing action alerts,
most of which cannot be paid for out of our educational
grants.  Visit  to make a
donation by credit card or print out a form to mail in, or
just mail your check or money order to:  DRCNet, P.O. Box
18402, Washington, DC 20036.  Contributions to the Drug Reform
Coordination Network are not tax-deductible, and support our
legislative action program.  Contributions to the DRCNet
Foundation, supporting our educational work, are tax-
deductible; make sure to write out "DRCNet Foundation on your
check, or make a note in the comments box on the web form.
To subscribe to DRCNet's weekly newsletter and action alert
list, visit  and enter your name, e-mail
address and state in the "quick-signup form to the right.  To
unsubscribe from DRCNet or change your address, send e-mail to
listhelp at drcnet.org and specify your request.

@_date: 2001-01-08 07:35:36
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Janet Reno on IP, piracy and terrorism 
No, instead he'll probably burn pot smokers at the stake by the millions.      I'm sure he'll be right in there, maybe a trifle different, but on the same par. This is the New World Order after all, Reno\Asscroft -- Gush\Bore, what's the diff? Your ass will end up a slave either way.
    Ummm -- you have a dictionary? He's certainly more fascist than David Duke, for instance. Or the average pig on the beat.

@_date: 2001-01-10 21:27:35
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
I'm not attacking, just interested. I'm extremely familiar with the HK G3.
What is the "non-HK G3"? I've seen a clone produced here in de mudderland
(mutter?? Tom?), but didn't really consider that "non-HK". Want to clarify, Jim?

@_date: 2001-01-10 22:58:06
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
Oh, god, that goes waaay back. That's right, the HK G3 is a clone of the CETME.
Although I think, IIRC, that the CETME used the bolt from the German (WWII era)
MG-38/42 series of light machine guns, so it's not that the Spanish really
invented it. And, as a matter of fact, most of the CETME people were postwar
Deutsch refugees protected by Franco anyway.
    Nice weapons, all of them. Did you ever see the CETME light-weight version of
the MG-3 in .223? What a sweetie! Dual drums.
   Gotta' hand it to the krauts -- best damn weapons in the world. I could care
less what Smith & Colt do, as long as HK, SIG, and Walther keep on doin' what they

@_date: 2001-01-12 17:40:05
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
I happen to admin a Tandem "NonStop" K-200. Not sure how truly
secure they are, but from my experience I'd say it's more security thru
obscurity than anything else, i.e., almost nobody has any knowledge or
experience with the OS, unlike unix and windoze, so info doesn't get
shared around, etc. The OS is Guardian and is extremely primitive. They
don't run C or anything else known to mankind. Well, there is know a
"unix shell" that runs on top of Guardian, with an extremely limited
command set and functionality, which does allow C code to run, but it's
not accessing low-level stuff, no hardware calls, etc.      Tandem was/is used mostly in banks and the like. The "nonstop" is a
bit of a joke, really -- yes, the hardware is robust, everything is
hot-swapable, but the software (at least ours) crashes a lot. You could
have a much better and more robust system with a unix cluster.     And of course, Tandem was a dead horse on the verge of bankruptcy
when it was bought by Compaq, about the same time Compaq bought DEC. So
now they've got Tandem "NonStop" servers which run the DEC Alpha
processors and unix. I'm sure Compaq will kill off the old Tandem line
as soon as they can, just like they are with the DEC Vaxes. Support,
yes, but no further development.     So the bottom line here is this -- I'd really rather doubt that the
NONSTOP referred to above has anything to do with Tandems. Certainly
they aren't running Tandem stuff on planes and vehicles -- this is heavy
iron -- and if the fedz are depending upon anything as primitive as the
Tandem OS to protect secrets, I pity them.

@_date: 2001-01-16 20:51:43
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
Oh, absolutely appropriate! It's quite obvious that Asskroft is simply
step II, following Reno's step I, of our rather rapid march into the fascist
future. Sieg Heil, Herr Busch, Sieg Heil Herr Asskroft!

@_date: 2001-01-16 23:23:24
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
Anybody want to bet who will hold the title for building and filling the
most prisons --- Klinton/Reno or Busch/Asskroft?  I'm always amazed at how much
knee-jerking there is on this list, and how little thinking.
      These assholes are out to imprison all of us, the political rhetoric is
just a sham.

@_date: 2001-01-17 08:41:43
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Ayatollah Asskroft (was Re: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft) 
Rastafarians, Hindus, Native Americans, and all followers of
shamanic religions are certainly persectired under the multitude of laws
now "prohibiting the free exercise thereof.", and being the reknowned,
rabid anti-drug warrior that AssKrof is, that will only escalate under
his hand.
       Asskroft is not only a confirmed fascist, but also a blatant
Kristian bigot as well. Son of a Pentacostal (Holy Roller) minister, he
himself is a Holy Roller minister. Ayatollah Asskroft.
       No doubt Ayatollah Asskroft will seek the guidance of his god, be
slain in the spirit (fall on the floor in a trance) and issue orders in
tongues when sending out his jackbooted thugs to burn witches and

@_date: 2001-01-17 13:29:28
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
Just heard Asskroft on the radio during the hearings affirming
his support for the assault weapon ban ( and Herr Busch's support of
same) and their intention to reimplement that ban when it sunsets. So
much for his being against guncontrol -- he made it pretty clear that he
believes the 2nd is about sporting arms, not military weapons.

@_date: 2001-01-19 13:14:46
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: John Ashcroft 
1. Cops and Robbers:  Exposés Find Ashcroft Encouraged
   Constitutional Violations in Missouri Asset Forfeiture Cases,
   Police Agencies Kept Funds Intended for Schools
   An article by investigative journalist Dan Forbes, released
yesterday evening by the Progressive Review
( has confirmed something that drug war
observers had strongly suspected:  John Ashcroft, as Missouri
Governor, agreed to "look the other why" while state police
federalized asset forfeitures in order to keep money seized in
their agencies -- violating a Missouri constitutional requirement
that forfeiture funds instead go to the state's school system.
If this information receives the attention it merits, it will
raise serious questions about the AG nominee's willingness to
obey the spirit as well as the letter of the law.  Information
provided in recent weeks by DRCNet made the case that legislation
sponsored by John Ashcroft as Senator showed a disregard for the
1st and 4th amendments to the bill of rights of the US
Constitution (  Now, hard
evidence exists showing a disregard for the Missouri state
constitution as well, in Ashcroft's actual practice as the
state's chief executive.  Strongly suggestive evidence of the
same was also presented, earlier the same day, by syndicated
columnist Arianna Huffington.
Asset forfeiture reform is an issue that has recently received
bipartisan attention.  Legislation championed by Rep. Henry Hyde
(R-IL) to curb some excesses of federal asset forfeiture law was
passed by an overwhelming margin in the House of Representatives,
and unanimously in the Senate, last year.  The issue is drawing
increased scrutiny in state governments as well; for example,
forfeiture was a major topic at a recent conference of southern
state legislators, with action promised by some attendees
Some states have specifically addressed the issue of forfeiture
federalizations.  A ballot initiative passed by Utah voters this
November diverts asset forfeiture proceeds into education, a
similar initiative in Oregon into drug treatment.  The Missouri
Constitution requires that asset forfeiture funds be transferred
to the school system.  In Utah and Oregon, a court hearing would
be required before any funds are transferred to the federal
government, and would mandate that any funds returned would be
used as specified in the initiatives.
More than spending choices lies at the heart of such
requirements.  One of the harms of asset forfeiture is the
distortion of law enforcement priorities and standards -- police
agencies will sometimes choose cases that promise a lucrative
forfeiture take over other cases with greater bearing on public
safety -- and the lure of forfeited drug money provides an
incentive to take shortcuts with suspects' Constitutional rights.
Requiring that forfeited funds go to budgetary areas other than
law enforcement is intended to reduce those risks.
In order to circumvent state laws imposing such requirements,
however, police agencies will often turn forfeiture cases over to
the federal government, which in turn will return most of the
money back to the state or local police, rather than to the
places the state legislatures intended.  This is what happened in
Missouri -- where a provision of the state's Constitution,
affirmed by the courts and the legislature, directs that
forfeiture proceeds go to the schools instead.
The aiding and abetting, by a top state official and the US
Department of Justice, of a constitutional violation by that
state's police agencies to keep money that lawfully should have
gone to the state's schools, could well be seen as having bearing
on that official's suitability to head the Department of Justice.
Read Dan Forbes' detailed expose at  -- and
Arianna Huffington's column at
 -- and
decide for yourself.

@_date: 2001-01-19 18:48:25
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
Bizarre -- but then I suppose 20 years ago the 370 was fairly small
compared to other computers. At any rate, I was thinking in today's terms,
and one would hope our glorious leaders would have a bit more on the
technical ball than to think they needed to drag mainframes around in planes,
eh? But then, probably they don't. So maybe John's "nonstop" is referring to
some weird intel op use of Tandems. Who knows?
      Come to think, my computer operator for the Tandem spent 20 years in
the AirForce, and he seems to think the Tandem is hot stuff. Of course, he
can't even set up his own PC, but what would you expect?  8-).

@_date: 2001-01-19 19:09:13
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Safety issue:  7.62 NATO == .308 Win   NOT!!! 
Duh! Reese, you better learn to read. In the first place, the ammo
was clearly German 7.62 NATO military surplus, not commercial .308
Winchester ammo. Secondly, as a handloader who has done some wild
experiments with many calibres, rifle, pistol, and shotgun, over at least
35 years, there just ain't no way that a little headspace problem causes
anything like that -- in fact, I've had a number of rifles with excess
headspace and all that happens, even with hot loads, is you blow off the
back of the case. I've had literally hundreds of case head separations --
they don't blow up the gun.
     In fact, there is almost nothing that could do that sort of damage
except someone loading the shell with semtex or the like. And the article
also makes that *very* clear. They theorize that possible that shell got
loaded with .30 carbine powder which is a fast burning pistol powder, but
I really doubt that would explain it either. Bullseye powder, possibly,
but it had to be a deliberate thing. And it seems to me that I recall
somewhere someone writing about that sort of sabotage being done at
various times to make soldiers afraid to fire their weapons.

@_date: 2001-01-21 10:41:33
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Safety issue:  7.62 NATO == .308 Win   NOT!!! 
I can see you aren't a handloader. I'd be willing to bet that the
supposed amount of difference between 7.62 milspec and .308 Win
commercial is not nearly as great as the variation of chamber dimension
of either between various manufacturers. That is, if you went around
taking chamber casts of military production 7.62 rifles throughout the
world, the diff between min and max would be much greater than the
supposed diff between 7.62 and .308.
    This whole thing is rather hysterical -- emenating from a bunch of
nervous nellies with too much time on their hands. About the only reason
to be concerned at all is if you were in a combat situation and excess
headspace caused a case separation that jammed the gun (and, believe me,
getting the rest of the case out can be a *real* hassle if you don't
have a broken shell extractor tool) or if the headspace was so tight
that it caused high enough pressures to blow the primer (that's why the
military cases have crimped primers, right?) and that jammed the gun.
      I'd also bet that there is much greater variation between various
manufactured milspec 7.62 brass than there is between "7,62 vs .308".
Some brittle or thin or steel or thick necked or oversize bullet, or
whatever. And, of course, if you are firing mil surplus like the guy in
the article, what if you get a deliberately sabotaged round?
       All that happens normally if you've got a chamber that's a bit
large and a case that's a bit small if that that brass streches to fit.
This is called "fire-forming" by handloarders. The case then fits your
gun and won't stretch any further. If the excess stretching is a lot,
you won't get as many reloads before the case cracks. You look for a
bright ring on the brass near the base -- and use a paper clip with a
little hook on one end to probe the inside for thinness.
        Anyway, it's much ado about nothing.  -- Glad you mentioned the
7.62 CETME round -- look at that, all those flutes in the case wall.
hey, if you want fool around, take .45ACP ammo and fire it in your
7.62.... heh, heh, heh.  It works, won't hurt the gun. Or fire a .45
Colt thru a .410 shotgun.

@_date: 2001-01-21 16:11:12
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: This better be where to post anything up on the site! 
Yea gods, what ignorant lamer garbage! "saint" patrick was some
asshole Catholic, who cares where he came from, he had nothing to do
with Gaelic civilization, just another bumfuck intruding papist sent
over to help destroy the glorius Celtic culture, and I'm glad you
mentioned the similarity to Native Americans becuase that's exactly what
transpired with the Beast of Rome imposed upon the Fair Isles by
successive waves of faggot frogs and dagos back 2000 years. What needs
be done is a Druidic rising of the clans, not just in Eirie, but on all
the Isles, with all the Celts, kicking the goddamened french-blooded
brits back to the continent once and for all, thus to bring about the
new Golden Dawn when Arthur will reign again with Meglin at his side.

@_date: 2001-01-23 16:24:57
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
Ms. Banks, the sanctimonious slut who just asked us to commit a felony
for her, may be found at:
Whois Server Version 1.3
Domain names in the .com, .net, and .org domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to for detailed information.
   Domain Name: BORNAGN.COM
   Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC.
   Whois Server: whois.networksolutions.com
   Referral URL:    Name Server: NS.IQTINC.COM
   Name Server: NS2.IQTINC.COM
   Updated Date: 22-jun-1999
The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .ORG, .EDU domains and
The Data in Network Solutions' WHOIS database is provided by Network
Solutions for information purposes, and to assist persons in obtaining
information about or related to a domain name registration record.
Network Solutions does not guarantee its accuracy.  By submitting a
WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this Data only for lawful
purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this Data to:
(1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail
(spam); or  (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to Network Solutions (or its systems).  Network Solutions
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.  By submitting
this query, you agree to abide by this policy.
Bornagn Farms Food & Homestead Services (BORNAGN-DOM)
   4266 Old Rome Pike
   Lebanon, TN 37087
   US
   Domain Name: BORNAGN.COM
   Administrative Contact, Billing Contact:
      Banks, Lori  (LB10530)  bornaganusa at AOL.COM
      Bornagn Farms Food & Homestead Services
      4266 Old Rome Pike
      Lebanon , TN 37087
      615-449-8889
   Technical Contact:
      InfoQuest Technologies, Inc.  (IT97-ORG)  hostmaster at IQTINC.COM
      InfoQuest Technologies, Inc.
      6400 Flank Drive, Suite 900
      Harrisburg, PA 17112  US
      1-800-622-4403 Fax- 717-541-8325 Fax- - 717-541-8325
   Record last updated on 22-Jun-1999.
   Record expires on 22-Jun-2001.
   Record created on 22-Jun-1999.
   Database last updated on 23-Jan-2001 07:59:22 EST.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS.IQTINC.COM                206.205.38.5
   NS2.IQTINC.COM               205.216.54.5

@_date: 2001-01-24 08:34:41
@_author: Harmon Seaver 
@_subject: Whither openpgp.net? 
Actually, they've been back up for almost a week, since last Thurs.
anyway. This is the second time recently that they went down with no
explanation. In my more paranoid moments I wonder about some sort of fed
