
@_date: 1997-12-10 07:47:23
@_author: Nobody 
@_subject: ABC NightTerror 
Mr. Gump,
  A few comments on your CyberTerror show on Dec. 8th.
  First, I would like to compliment you on how well you articulate with Uncle Sam's cock in
your mouth.
  Second, I would like to suggest that if you
would make a habit of burning the government
press-releases that you parrot so regularly,
that you might be inspired to ask questions of
your DCZombie guests that would be of interest
to citizens in outlying areas of the country
who have not yet received their digital mind-
control government implants as of yet.
  Next time that you interview someone who tells
yourself and all of America that this or that
organization, agency, or national infrastrucure
is in great danger of being compromised by small
children, threatening the financial and physical
safety of all of humanity, why don't you try
asking them when they intend to announce their
resignation for allowing conditions to come to
this on their watch?
  Do you sleep well at night, knowing that those
who view your show go to bed dreaming of putting
children in prison, instead of lynching warlords
who claim to have made our national security
vulnerable to those children?
  I suggest that ABC News spends the $50.00 per
month necessary to connect the ClueServer, or
buy one.
Bubba ROM DOS
TruthMonger "It's not FUD until *I* say it's FUD!"

@_date: 1997-12-10 10:13:12
@_author: Nobody 
@_subject: Staff changes at the Center for Democracy and Technology 
Considering the butt-fucking that Seiger has helped CDT give those
they purport to be 'saving' from the goobermint, I imagine that he
will be welcomed with open arms by politicians in need of a thick
layer of bullshit to cover the even worse stink arising from their
true identity.
  Many of those who bent over to read the CDT missives felt the "impact"
of Seiger on their civil liberties. "Asset" is an obvious typo, adding
two unneeded letters to the description of Seiger's contribution to
the CDT.
  No doubt enough of their 'old' audience are getting wise to them,
so they have to find new rubes to pitch their Democracy Aluminum Siding to.
  A pox on them and every other DC slimeball using the cover of fighting
for freedom and democracy to feather their own beds at the expense of
those who trust them not to sell out the citizens a compromise at a
