
@_date: 1992-11-27 10:48:33
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: Welcome message for cypherpunks-announce 
We've created a secondary list, cypherpunks-announce at toad.com.
If you want to keep in touch, but don't want the volume of mail the
full list produces, get yourself switched over.
And remember not to post such requests to the whole list.  Thanks.
The welcome message follows.

@_date: 1993-01-04 12:01:08
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: The Need for Positive Repuations 
You sent this to cypherpunks-request and not to cypherpunks.

@_date: 1993-07-21 17:09:46
@_author: hughes@toad.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
You have been added to the cypherpunks mailing list.
The cypherpunks list is a forum for discussing personal defenses for
privacy in the digital domain.  It is a high volume mailing list.  If
you want to be added or removed from the list, send mail to
There is no automated list processing software; a human (me, Eric
Hughes) will read your message and take the appropriate action.  If
you get two of these welcome messages, it likely means you've double
subscribed and will have trouble getting off the list.  Send mail to
the above address and tell me if this happens.
Do not expect instant turnaround.  Remember, a human is looking at
your requests, not a program.  I try to do list maintenance every
other day or so, but sometimes the delays are longer.
Do not mail to the whole list asking to be removed.  You'll just get
the members of the list thinking you're a newbie and you'll get a note
from me telling you to send mail the the -request address.
If your mail bounces repeatedly, you will be removed from the list.
Nothing personal, but I have to look at all the bounce messages.
There is no digest version available.
There is an announcements list which is moderated and has low volume.
Announcements for physical cypherpunks meetings, new software and
important developments will be posted there.  Mail to
if you want to be added or removed to the announce list.  All
announcements also go out to the full cypherpunks list, so there is no
need to subscribe to both.
There is an ftp site for cypherpunks.  It is
This site contains code, information, rants, and other miscellany.
There is a glossary there that all new members should download and
read.  Also recommended for all users are Hal Finney's instructions on
how to use the anonymous remailer system; the remailer sources are
there for the perl-literate.
Enjoy and deploy.
