
@_date: 1993-12-09 05:35:55
@_author: Ian Turton 
@_subject: new electronic cash card to be tested in UK 
An interesting article on the back page of the Guardian today, headlined
Banks step up war on cash with card topped up by phone
Even Street vendors could take electronic money reports Nicholas Bannister
National Westminster Bank [one of the UK's big four banks] has  developed
an alternative to cash -- a plastic card with a microchip which stores
"electronic money" and can be topped up over the phone. Yesterday it revealed plans to for a year long trial of Mondex, its
electronic money sytem, starting in Swindon. [more details of trial
involving 10,000 people] The system lets customers add money to thier card by using addapted cash
dispensers [ATMs] or phones to access thier accounts. Once cahrged with
money, the card becomes the equivalent of cash.
Payments are made by slipping the card into a retailers terminal. The sum
is transfered from the card to the retailer without the need for time
consuming authorisations or signatures.
Providing there is enough money on the card, the transaction will take
Payments between individuals are carried out by inserting the card into a
pocket sized electronic wallet and making 6 key strokes. Customers and
retailers can deposit money into thier bank accounts over the phone.
[... bit about how it won't cause bank staff cuts and that 90% of
transactions are still cash ...]
[....] the system is not designed to replace credit and debit cards. The
system was designed for small and large payments. Small traders, for
example a newspaper vendor, could have a battery powered terminal.
He [Tim Jones, the designer] claimed it was safer, quicker and more
convenient to handle electronic money rather than physical money. But if a
mondex card was lost or stolen, the money on it would be lost in the same
way as it would be in a missing wallet.
However, cards could be locked to prevent unauthorised use by tapping in a
four digit personal code. Once locked, the money could not be spent without
reentering the code.
[... discussion on how to modify ATMs and phones to handle cards ..]
Other British and forign banks would be invited to join mondex in due
course to create a "global payment scheme".
[... comment from retailers saying its a good idea ...]
The key to the card's security lies in the Japanese developed technology
and microchip. Nat West and Midland said that technical advances had made
it impossible [sic] to conterfeit cards. But Mr Jones said Mondex would
have a research budget "for ever" to keep ahead of the counterfeiters.
Ian Turton - School of Geography, Leeds University

@_date: 1993-10-27 02:27:52
@_author: Ian Turton 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well the one case that comes to mind for me is a friend I knew at a
previous university where I worked. There was a member of the support staff
who was responsible for introducing the net/email to new users (amongst
other things). He had two personas one for dealing with official things and
the other obvoiusly an alias (FoFP) for ranting about the government etc.
However new users still regualarly reported this alias to Mike (in his
official role) for bringing the university in to disrepute. I'm fairly sure
he owned up to them at this point :-).  However I'd contend that it was
important for him to distinguish official posts from unofficial posts more
strongly than just by sticking a disclaimer on the end of unoficial
messages - since who really reads them anyway.
Ian Turton - School of Geography, Leeds University

@_date: 1994-04-14 09:36:41
@_author: Ian Turton 
@_subject: fake pgp messages 
why not take a random news group comp.talk.eff seems like a good one and
encrypt that and mail out one article whenever you need or whenever your
news server recieves one. You could then tailor the frequency by choosing
high or low volume news groups.
Ian Turton - School of Geography, Leeds University

@_date: 1994-03-04 01:42:17
@_author: Ian Turton 
@_subject: UK wants to end right to silence 
Well close - note UK != Britain and even Britain doesn't have an all
encompassing legal system. 1) The right to silence has already gone in Northern Ireland (part of the
UK) along with jury trial (for terorist trails). The Govt plans to include
this provision in the latest Criminal Justice Bill which is certainly for
England and Wales but might not affect Scotland (I'm not sure, most of
Scots law is different). 2) The right to silence at present means I don't have to say anything when
arrested and the prosecution can not mention this to the court even if I
come up with some plausible alibi when the case comes to trial.
3) The planned change is to allow the prosecution to mention this silence
to the court and allow the jury to draw their own inferences, so the
defence that I didn't trust the police not to frame me if I said anything
may still be valid (more so if I have an Irish accent). It will still be
impossible (well really hard) to convict someone simply because they stayed
not quite - there is some doubt that any jury will believe that the
questions where asked at the scene of the crime rather than in the police
station infront of a double tape recorder. It is at present an arrestable
offence to refuse to give police officers certain information when they ask
this includes at least your name and address (there may be more but that
was enough for them last time I didn't talk to the police). But in general
I doubt that this will work.
Even the judiciary are upset at this proposal and it is unlikely to make it
through to law, especially considering the way the House of Lords have
taken the Police and Magistrates Bill (a related bill) to pieces this month.
The judges are upset since they will have to ask the defendant questions
and are not at alll sure what they can do if he refuses to answer.
Ah well they say we must get tough on terrorists (and remember that unlike
the US we have terrorists in the UK) and while we're at it we will catch
more criminals, which is the best way to measure police efficiency, and any
way if you're inoccent you've nothing to fear. all in all its bad but the general public love the idea and they have the
votes :-(
Ian Turton - School of Geography, Leeds University

@_date: 1994-03-11 01:55:52
@_author: Ian Turton 
@_subject: Surveillance cameras 
There was an article in a recent New Scientist (maybe last week) that
mentioned the use of infrared scans of faces to identify people since its
very hard to change the thermal image of your face by surgery. The plan is
to scan every one passing through the airport and forward the image to the
FBI (or whoever the local cops are I guess, but it said FBI) and they check
out thier database of know terorists (and cypherpunks) and it rings the
local gaurds if they get a match. I can try to find the whole article if anyones interested.
Ian Turton - School of Geography, Leeds University
