
@_date: 1996-12-02 09:54:31
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Working Draft: "Using Markets to Achieve Efficient Task Distribution" 
Our paper on "Using Markets to Achieve Efficient Task Distribution" is
now on the web at
    as a working draft (please don't quote or disseminate - it is now "under
offer" for FC97).
I, at least, am going to have a break from paper writing and go have a
go at coding it, and all the other things in the queue.  However,
comments are most welcome.  Thanks to everyone who has commented so far.
iang at systemics.com

@_date: 1996-07-28 22:58:38
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Schelling Points leads to interesting family investment opportunities 
Hi Tim,
you said:
This reminds me of the transactional theory of business units.
Working from memory, the optimal size of a business unit is
positively related to the cost of the transactions conducted
between units, other things being held constant.
Thus, in a place where it is "expensive to do business" the
dominant form of company will be large.  Conversely in a
cheap business environment, small companies will predominate.
This notion spurs one to examine the transactional costs and
to decide (or not) to lower them...
The interesting part for your family context is that falling
transaction costs have purportedly produced a shift away from
large companies to smaller units.  Those falling costs are in
the sphere of digital communications, other technology, and
regulation.  If such were to apply to the context of families,
upbringing children and education in general, one might
predict that the size of the family should shrink.
In a sense we might have already seen this.  The extended
family is really just a memory for most westerners, but is
still the norm in poor countries.  And I guess we have seen
a strong increase in the number of single-parent families
in most western countries.
One would then be lead to ask, if you are proposing that
Internet technologies in general and crypto in particular
are influences on the Schelling points related to the family
rights set, can this result in smaller family units?
That is, the cost of providing (net) education falls, and
the ease of crypto communication allows children to grow up
as individuals in the big wide Inter-world rather than the
If I were permitted to ramble without judicious limit, I would
talk about the economic unit becoming a single person, and that
person becoming responsible for their own success, regardless
of their age.
In this view of the future, a child is an economic unit, and is
responsible for his own education, and thus must learn for the
future.  Obviously there is a bootstrapping problem here previously
known as birth, and this could be addressed by well-meaning
investors purchasing educational rights to a mother's future child
(in effect, buying an unborn baby).  The child then becomes the
ward of the investor, who attempts to raise the child to produce
the maximal return.
Of course, in order to eliminate the distorting effects of
love and child-like whims (I don't want to log into teacher
today), there would have to be a free market for raising rights,
based on caveat emptor examination of progress.  Thus would be
exist an informational approach to encourage the child's
attention to books, and of course, towards a successful career
as an investor in the youth of tomorrow.
This would also allow specialisation of investment, those that
concentrate on the early years, those on the teens and those
that reap the final rewards of first productive working years.
The arisal of these strata would lay to rest for ever that
old saw of the economists by showing that there is no market
failure in education, and thus no need for regulation.
And in answer to those anticipated questions from concerned
parents, no, I don't have any children, and yes, in the new
world, senior citizens can contract to investors to provide
granny services, so that they won't be unemployed.
But perhaps I should really have placed a judicious limit
on my ramblings :-)

@_date: 1996-11-18 09:12:04
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Crypto Bounties: Another Thought that crossed my mind. 
snow at smoke.suba.com said:
Hmmm.  This is a one shot game (is that the term?) whereas software
generally has implications that escape a single sale scenario.  For
example, the more difficult the software, the more risk there is that
someone else will beat you, thus lowering the real risk-adjusted payoff
dramatically.   For this reason, more complex stuff would need some sort
of contract+reputation scenario that allows a repeating game to work.
A contractual alternative could work like this.  I (the initial desirer)
write a contract specifying my requirements.  I publish this as a market
tender, where other desirers can contribute funds, and this becomes a
cumulative sum that grows.  Programmers can offer to supply by naming a
price.  The market clears when the pot of desire equals or exceeds the
lowest offer to supply.
In a simplistic scenario, the contract is now sealed and the work is
done and paid for.
In order to overcome project failure, I could write my contract as a
multi-supplier seed project (often done by governments).  That is, the
pot gets shared around, say, the three best alternatives.  Once
supplied, all are free to pick from the alternatives.
In order to overcome the low silly bid, somehow reputation would have to
be built into the market.  That is, your efforts in the past as
programmer will cause your solution to be better valued than mine.
So perhaps we should turn this around.  Programmers would write
contracts to supply the given requirements at clearance+T, also
specifying the clearance price.  Your price is 2000 for the widget, mine
is 1000.  (That makes three contracts, a widget spec, my work plan and
your work plan.)  The market (the desirers) would then push funds back
and forth between the two until it became clear that one or the other
cleared.  As more pressure increases, more funds pour in.
Then, deliverables could be phased, with monies similarly phased, so
that the market has a chance to monitor.  Now, if it is not delivered,
reputation suffers, and you have to lower your price for the next job
(or hide in shame).
There's a lot of aspects of newbies and switching funds that I havn't
really thought through here.  However, I like this viewpoint because it
eliminates the need for judges.  History shows that a good market
microstructure will beat an authority approach in the long run.
Also note that if you drop the free software assumption, and make it,
say, moneyware, then the market becomes much more workable - the asset
being traded is a share of future revenues.  This has more ramifications
than might be obvious:  Propose a market to write a GAK killer for
e$10,000.  If it clears and is built, is the Dept. of Justice forced to
buy the rights out?
I don't know if this has been proposed before, but it is a logical
conclusion of the CP world.  If the Internet transaction costs make
single-person economic entities the most efficient unit in the machine,
and e$ in all its forms provides the oil, then we need some way to
connect up the parts for grand projects where there are hard cash
incentives.  There has to be some mechanism to distribute that cash in
the most efficient manner to produce the result.
BTW, this is a here and now issue, not a hypothetical future.  We have
already found that there is too much work on our plate, and limited
efficiency in farming it out.  Others may have found the same.

@_date: 1996-11-19 06:16:42
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Crypto Bounties 
What you are essentially doing is buying reputation I guess, although I
am not familiar with completion bonds, so I the following is mostly
conjecture on their nature.
There are two major feature/bugs with the completion bond.  Firstly, it
requires the bonding company to make a judgement, and this adds a weak
point into the link.  That judgement will then result in a lot of
emphasis on the fine print of the contract, and fundamentally, software
doesn't work very well when fine print gets involved.  The notion of
"completion" especially sits oddly with the scenario described, where
freeware of mostly source form gets distributed to a wide group of
programmers who can adjust minor problems fairly easily.  I would guess
that when EDS delivers a product, there are completion ("penalty")
clauses, but when the Internet was "delivered" there was no such clause.
Secondly, the existance of an intermediary points to a major
inefficiency in the market.  Whilst your joy at paying intermediaries
may vary, historically, intermediaries follow a pattern of building
barriers to entry, raising charges, and slowing innovation.  This is
theory that is generally applicable in practice, and it is for this
reason that the emphasis in my post was on removing the single point of
guaruntee.  In the context, I would also question the nature of a
financial entity that was willing to sell its reputation to
By aiming for no single point of judgement, the only solution that we
found was to rely on a multi-shot game, with past reputation leading to
up-front payment leading to confirmation of reputation.  As it happens,
the bonding companies will rely heavily on reputation as well, in its
varying forms, anyway.
snow at smoke.suba.com originally asked:
Yes, I saw that earlier post, and did a quick search for it but no
luck.  If any one can point us at the paper, that would be useful.
On a slightly related note - is there any interest in setting up a
mailgroup for programmers and designers of markets?  There's plenty of
cash stuff out there but I know of no forums for trading of fungible

@_date: 1996-11-26 10:56:43
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Bounty Server, Revisited. 
Hi, Snow,
Wow, you've gotta move fast in this game :))
[chop where agreed or not disagreed]
OK, although for my model, I am assuming that all forms are covered.
Separate this out, for clarity of model.  The initiator (I used
Proposer, and called her Alice coz Alice always initiates) proposes
the specification, or task.  There is no need for Alice to submit an
initial bid, although they have that option, as a buyer.
BTW, bid to do what?  Using market terminology, I have assumed thay
bid is to buy, that is provide cash.  Offer is to sell, that is provide
software.  Ah, yes, bid is add to bounty.
This is where I have put most of my efforts, because I need to design the
microstructure that is built into our market.
Absolutely - let the market decide.  Some of us, for example, do not like
  [chop]
This worries me.  If I, as a junior programmer, am looking to enter the
market, I will have the daunting task of beating everyone else.  Real life
doesn't work that way - there are ways in which I can pick up some newbie
tasks for low money, so as to build up experience and/or reputation.
I guess the notion of bounty is just that - first one takes all.
However, I think that the solution might be a bit limited in the
long run.
Interesting in that my proposal leads to task distribution by awarding
contracts, your proposal leads to task incentives by rewarding speed.
OK, my proposals specifically assume no need for a "decision" by Alice.
That's not to say either is right, it's just that I prefer to design
something that eliminates the individual decision rather than cope
with the complexities.  I believe it will result, in the end, in a
more efficient market.
Same as above, no adjudication in my system.
Although, it is possible to add underwriters,
by simply making the task offerers (Bob and Carol)
into bond writers who front for programmers.
Wow, *gotta* move fast.  As I say, our stuff is based on a lot of
pre-existing software, so we make a lot of assumptions.  Given our
different approaches we may end up with competing systems rather
than one, but that's fine, indeed highly valuable as an experimental
What's financing you in this?  Or should I say, monetarily enthusing?
I have started writing (last night :)) this all up as a paper for
presentation to FC97.  If you want, we could collaborate, or I will
just document your efforts, and concentrate on presenting mine.
My efforts are now at

@_date: 1997-11-06 09:39:55
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol 
DEFCON IV was well before FC97.  This was an issue I was chasing Eric
Hughes on.  As far as I understand it, this was unpublished in any form,
just presented, but many people have saw it (must have been a big
conference :-).  If anyone knows any different, please let me know
(except, "get in touch with Eric" because that was not resultful).

@_date: 1997-11-18 20:43:04
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: cryptx spam - des-based program. 
Bill Stewart said:
Sheez, not only spam, but perverting our good name!  Cryptix is good
strong stuff, they are simply hoping to confuse customers by dropping a

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:07:00
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: cryptx spam - des-based program. 
I'd be interested to hear your reasons for this.  Is it a comment on
crowding or on the use of the generic?  Looking at your page, I guess
it's the overcrowding:  Crypto++ CryptoLib CryptLib Cryptix.  Try
swapping the columns to intersperse the crypt-cartel.
Of course, successful names and generic roots soon get copied.  Back in
the good old days, there were so many companies with words like micro
and soft in them that it was confusing.
These days, branding has moved away from techno-terms, probably as the
industry becomes more mainstream.  Crypto is still not mainstream, but
if the USG silliness continues, it will become a more mature industry,
and there will be less need to convince the managers that a crypto
package is only good if it has the word crypto in.
As the industry matures, the original, successful brands will survive,
even though they might be inappropriate for a new entrant.  For e.g.,
Microsoft and General Motors.

@_date: 1998-12-12 07:40:48
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: alternative b-money creation 
It is true that there is positive demand for a medium of
It is not true that fiat money is controlled by a
sufficiently benevolent agency, and it is patently
not true that there is a finite supply.
National monies are in effect, and in demand, because
they are mandated by a number of methods.  The us$ was
made the dominant form by punitive taxation of alternates
in the late 1900s.  Other countries like the UK managed
to destroy competitors, and in the course of this, bankrupt
honest note issuers, by subjecting the note issuers to
The notion that the current issuer of that money
is benevolent is easily tested by circulating alternate
monies.  Any casino in the US will tell you that the reason
they won't permit their chips to go outside is because the
feds have quiet words with them.  Disregarding journalistic
fairy tales like Hiawatha Hours (or whatever they were called),
pretty universally, you run the risk of being locked up if
you circulate something called money.
Of course, the Internet has changed all this.  But not as
much as you'd think, I'd lay 10 to 1 that if you started
an issuer of Internet money on the wrong side of the German
border you'd be finding out what bored prison guards talk
The Federal Reserve of the US has said fairly plainly that
you can do this.  But the ABA, FinCen, the FBI, the DEA,
and any other moralistic department of the US government
that wants to get in the act are going to be looking at
this with jaundiced eyes.
The value of any monopolistic product can be simplistically
stated to be driven by supply and demand, but the truth is
different.  Only when there is free issue of money will we
know if a government can compete against the best and brightest
of the profit minded world.  In the past, the answer was a
resounding No, as otherwise, governments would not have had
to resort to legislation, taxes and other arbitrary punishments
in order to win the field.
And a government enforced monopoly.  The value of that is
calculated at the seignorage, assuming that we agree that
no government could compete on fair grounds.  That makes
the US monopoly worth $25 Bn per annum.

@_date: 1998-12-23 00:26:20
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: alternative b-money creation 
Near money is something that many people hold out hope for,
and you may all be right, in that it may be the way forward
through the morass of difficulties.  I personally don't think
so, not for any killer reason, but for a whole host of little
reasons.  I'll see if I can't enunciate them, and no doubt
within the session you are running, we'll have some lively
This is the Hiawatha Hours, as I rudely called them
(I keep forgetting the name, sorry).  Now, these are
working systems.  They are more or less the same as
the LETS systems, which are sort of successful in many
hundreds of places.
Where they work is generally an indication of some
shortage.  With the above systems, and as far as I
can tell, with all systems, there is a shortage of
cash.  It is not just that everyone is poor, but
that the cycle of money in its journey from entity
to entity throughout the economy is broken.  In
contrast to this shortage and cyclic failure, demand
and supply for goods and services remain high, at
least in many sectors.
In this case, anything that is injected can conceivably
bootstrap the cycle again, and this is why, IMHO, the many
different range of instruments all appear to have been
successful.  It is not the instrument, but the presence
of an instrument.
One thing to remember is that the local economy is
generally the larger proportion of the total economy.
I have empirically noted that in most towns with
identifiable export industries, there are 3 people
employed elsewhere for every one within the direct
export sector - this is a reflection that most people
are actually supporting the rest.  (However, this
doesn't take into account the import side of the
Under such circumstances, it is no real wonder that
a shortage of money will cause an economy to grind
to a halt, and an injection of money will start it
up again - to the extent that import/export permits.
But bear in mind that this is a competitive scenario,
and the scrip money tends to work well when the statal
currency disappeared as in the Depression.  When the
statal money comes back in, the scrip fails to entice,
because it is only useful by definition for local
products, not imported products.  In that scenario
it is dominated (to use the term) by statal currency.
Yes, one of the huge barriers to any money system
is the border to any other money system.  At this
border, the change costs are a very important limiter
on the success of the system.  Remember that a merchant
must convert to useful money in order to pay his costs,
so a small system cannot really work without an internal
method of spending money, to offset that.  This is the
real reason why countries have money, because they have
a border that defines a naturally sized unit.
With MTB ecash, this became very apparent when merchants
had to extract their cash at somewhere between 2 and 5
percent, thus putting the lie to the notion of cash.
With FF miles, they alleviate this somewhat by
recasting the situation as a loyalty programme,
and thus you use the internal goods.  So it only
works when you are a regular user.
Adding convertability makes it closer to money.  But
there is one killer that will never make it be accepted
as a dominating form of money.  All loyalty programmes are
calculated on the basis of this actually accruing
value to the provider, rather than the other way
around.  Necessarily, this means the user is paying
for the priviledge of being loyal.
This is done three ways.  Firstly, most successful loyalty
programmes such as FF miles are based on goods with a
low marginal cost but high ticket cost.  To the airline,
it costs the price of a seat which is somewhere around
$30.  To you, you believe that you are getting, say, $200
value (for points marked as $200 for example).  Within
that range, the airline wins.
Secondly, on average, FF miles are not actually used up
beyond a benchmark figure of 30%.  Airlines also have a
number of tricks that use up or block the use of points.
Thirdly, FF miles work best when the individual is
consuming, but the company is paying.  What FF miles
are is essentially a bribe to the business traveller
to insist on using their airline, when the traveller
doesn't otherwise care.  This separation of user from
payer is cunning marketing, something that is employed
by all the best companies (IBM were the past masters,
now the crown has passed to M$.  Odd that computing
displays this domination amongst all industries...).
Now, regardless of all this, you are right that these
systems take on the nature of money if people suffer
all these things and then continue to participate.
What can stop these becoming real useful is several
things: people working out that they are regularly
over paying, taxation departments working out that
the business traveller is taking an untaxed benefit,
and various other hurdles.
If you can manage to navigate that particular river
stretch of crocs and snakes, then you might make
money, to stretch a pun.  However, if you are going
to all that trouble, why not just start a real money?
That's my real thesis.
Well, not sure what to say about giving away your
overpaid loyalty points.  That makes for two charities,
the Foundation and the Airline.
Oh, anonymity/untraceability/bearer status might be
useful features, but that is only what they are, features.  If our objective is to invent one with those features
as requirement, then I think you will find a single
purpose, centralised registry, poor convertability
system as a really bad starting point.
Single system.  Why did they stop?
We know why these have been stopped.  For precisely
reasons similar to the elimination of unknown activity,
including monetary activity.  Add this to the list of
disadvantages of near money.
Ah, so this will be very interesting.  So will there
be an arbitrary limit placed on there to stop them
being used as cash?  Remember that cash itself dominates
if you can more easily use cash rather than a handful
of used lottery tickets.
Yes, that I agree with.  But I fall short of saying
that it reaches a useful level of convertibility.
Looking forward to our loyalty systems session in
March!  Actually, I should mention that whilst I
do not favour these systems for the above reasons,
I do believe that in the study of them, we better
understand how money works, much more so than if
we were to simply study money, which is so completely
lost in statal marketing these days as to be
unfathomable in isolation.

@_date: 1998-01-25 00:51:30
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: cryptix java AES effort 
Adam kindly forwarded the AES quest blurbs to interested and/or
interesting groups.  Some slight clarification is required in the detail
of who and what.
Adam said:
A slight modification:   Systemics provided, in the past tense.
It was always the belief of those at Systemics at the time that selling
crypto was extremely hard without contacts into big companies (in which
case, you weren't selling crypto...).  When Cryptix stabilised it was
published as freeware with a BSD-style of license, with the hope that
other people would pick it up and start to work with it.
With the Java library this has happened.  There is now a team of between
4 and 10 people,  depending on how you count them, scattered across the
globe, improving the core Cryptix code.  Over the last year or so, we
codified the notion of the independant group working around the library
as the Cryptix Development Team.  That is now spreading through the
( There are a few issues such as copyright and the brand name, which are
beyond the scope of   this email.  Whilst Systemics is not entirely
passive in this area, it does not sell Cryptix code, although it might,
and does, sell services such as improving Cryptix code.  Also, those who
work/have worked at Systemics are also part of the team. )
The AES quest is a Cryptix operation.  I.e., Cryptix Development Team,
and not Systemics.  It is a completely unfunded (although sponsorship
would be appreciated) and volunteer effort.  Whilst the NIST people earn
a salary, and most of the cryptographers are employed in this capacity
as well, there is no especial interest in employing programmers here, as
any rational company will simply wait until the winner is announced,
sometime in the next millenium, and then employ an expert at $300 per
hour to tell them all about it.
Rationally or otherwise, we still need programmers to code up the
algorithms and prepare them for submission to NIST.  For many
cryptographers, it is beyond their efficient capabilities to know much
about the downstream discipline, so it makes sense for them to outsource
the work to a team like Cryptix, especially as NIST has loaded up the
submission requirements with 3 separate implementations.
If you're thinking now's the time to branch into Java crypto, read the
blurb and mail us.  The rational part is that if you start now, you
might be earning fat fees in a few years time.

@_date: 1998-09-08 06:41:35
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
As secrets go, this was not a big one...  The main thing that is
meant to be confidential was the nature and names of our clients,
and under normal business practice, they hold the option(s) on PR.
I don't think anyone should need to die to protect that, as even then,
their main issue is (probably) not revealing a relationship with a
product until it did what they wanted.
Well, it's not *quite* like that.  The US was seriously considered,
but Ryan's offer of a fraternity bedroom/office, T1 or no T1, was
not as attractive as some time in the sun.  After all, FC came to
Anguilla for good reasons.
Also, there are other sites under long term consideration, not
in the US, but in other cool places.  The main reason for
considering these sites is that they make business sense; and
they are definately cool.  Maybe we'll keep the details to
ourselves until they are vapour-compliant.
It should be mentioned that the contagion properties of
renouncement are somewhat less than epidemic.  Vince decided to
"do the deed," but others are not exactly leaping for their
passports and Lonely Planet guides.  In fact, most of the at-risk
group here are still swearing by the bible and running up the flag
every morning, just in case anybody gets the wrong idea.  Or at
least that's what it seems like to those of us immunised at birth.

@_date: 2000-10-02 12:36:00
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Rijndael is GREEN 
For Release 11.00 EDT Monday 2nd October 2000
                     Rijndael is GREEN
  NIST chooses Rijndael as the Advanced Encryption Standard
Announced today in Washington, DC, the National Institute of
Standards and Technology (NIST) has chosen Rijndael as the
Advanced Encryption Algorithm for the 21st century.
Rijndael -- pronounced Rhine-Dahl -- is the creation of two
Belgian cryptographers, Joan Daemen and Vincent Rijmen.
The Cryptix Development Team congratulates Vincent and Joan on
their extraordinary achievement and announces the immediate
release of the Cryptix JCE and Cryptix 3.2, both enabled with
AES as Rijndael.
                International Cryptoplumbing
An international team of open source crypto volunteers from
The Cryptix Development Team supported the cryptographers
participating in the NIST contest, efforts that were recognised
with the award of a Certificate Of Appreciation from the United
States Department Of Commerce.
Raif S. Naffah, from Australia, led the Cryptix AES Support
Project which provided the Java code and tools for most
finalists, including Rijndael, for submission to NIST.
Paulo Barreto, Brazilian mathematician and programmer, provided
coding support for optimising Rijndael implementations;  he has
been coding and reviewing algorithms for the Belgian team for
many years, including the predecessor to Rijndael, the Square
                      Free Crypto
Under the terms of the NIST contest, Rijndael is free and
unencumbered for all purposes and all peoples.  Cryptix
developers have agreed to match this condition, and hereby
place their Rijndael code in the public domain.
Normally, all Cryptix code is free for all purposes, but requires
acknowledgement of The Cryptix Foundation as owners under an
extremely liberal "BSD licence."  Even this condition is now
dropped for the Rijndael code, so that all commercial providers
of Java cryptography, including Sun, Baltimore, RSA Labs, and
IAIK, may quickly offer their customers the best code.
                 No Arms Race Need Apply
Cryptography has long been treated as a munition by the US
government.  Today's decision marks the end of an era stretching
back to the days of Enigma and Magic intercepts.  The new
algorithm and the accompanying code base is absolutely unimpaired
by political or commercial limitations.
As a science, cryptography is the special domain of
mathematicians; formulas flow across borders as fast as emails.
As an idea, the Rijndael cipher can be written out in 10 or so
pages of paper, making it impermeable to regulations.
                 Fuel For The Revolution
As a tool, code for the new AES algorithm is less than 10,000
bytes, and thus cryptography slips into the average application
with less implication on costs than the price of a new PC.  As a
building block, AES will help to fuel the new industrial
revolution in electronic commerce.  Ciphers such as Rijndael will
keep valuable messages secure in the wild west of the Internet
far better than the old methods of obscurity and regulation.
Released by The Cryptix Foundation Limited, a Nevis corporation
dedicated to the spread of strong crypto.
NIST announces the winner of AES as Rijndael:
         The Rijndael page of the Cryptography team, Joan Daemen and
Vincent Rijmen:
         Cryptix places Rijndael code in public domain:
         Cryptix products JCE and Cryptix 3 now released with Rijndael
as AES:
                                    About The Rijndael Team
Dr Joan Daemen is currently employed by Proton World
International.  Dr Vincent Rijmen is a cryptography researcher
with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in Belgium.
About Cryptix
Java cryptography was first provided under the label of Cryptix
in 1996.  The Cryptix Development Team now includes crypto-
plumbers -- programmers who work with the algorithms and ciphers
of cryptographers to produce code and applications -- from 8
countries and publishes the most popular Java cryptography suite.
Cryptix products are generally published under the BSD licence,
making them free for all purposes when used with due
acknowledgement as to source.  The Cryptix implementations of
Rijndael, written as part of our AES support project, are now
placed in the public domain so that all commercial suppliers
can proceed to support the AES without having to give any
About National Institute of Standards and Technology
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), an
agency of the U.S. Department Of Commerce, is charged by the US
Congress with developing standards for industry.  Many of its
standards achieve world-wide acceptance, and the predecessor DES
has been accepted as the de facto standard for encryption for
three decades, albeit with much controversy.
About the Advanced Encryption Standard
In order to allay concerns of interference, NIST sponsored the
open competition for the new algorithm, encouraging entries from
around the world.  Some 21 submissions were narrowed down to five
NIST encouraged competing cryptographers and the NSA (the world's
largest employer of cryptographers and mathematicians) to
critique the algorithms, building up a body of review that led
to today's choice of the new standard.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-06-13 18:55:33
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: [EFCE2K] Scheduled programme - 9 days and counting 
The scheduled programme for EFCE is now posted on the site at:
    It's now about 9 days and counting to go, so if you haven't
registered and got your travel logistics sorted out, you'd
better get cracking.
We again have a FULL programme of the latest and greatest in
Financial Cryptography.  More running code than any other event!
Every presentation a highlight, every line of source a chance to
crash and burn in engineering style :)
See you there, assuming fair winds, industrial peace in France,
and litiguous peace in the Caribbean!

@_date: 2002-07-03 08:54:00
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: [OT] why was private gold ownership made illegal in the US? 
One is troubled by this rather excellent post by
I accept at face value the comments made, and they
certainly seem to match the facts and circumstances
of the times (the arisal of Keynsianism from the
roots of the Great Depression).
What troubles me is the pressumption of modern
economics somehow presenting an advantage.  What
would that advantage be?
And if that advantage would somehow ease the pain
of the Great Depression, or not have started it in
the first place, why is it that the IMF (claimed by
some to be a body that dispenses American economic
thought and American loans), advised the Argentinian
government to peg the peso, and gave them lots of
loans to keep it there?
Argentina is now in its 1st Great Depression of this
century, and it's pretty clear that the IMF and the
fixed exchange rate together were responsible as the
external events.
The only way I can reconcile this is to negate the
advantage or benefit conferred by modern economics?
Any other takes?

@_date: 2002-07-04 22:29:06
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Markets (was Re: Hayek was right. Twice.) 
I find myself compelled to advertise :-)
addreses this, and whilst the above comments
are highly applicable, I believe there are
ways forward.
See also the work of Eric Hughes, John Walker,
the AMIX, Robin Hanson and others.
Well, the problem is that you are asking too
much of one OS.  If you want stability, use
FreeBSD (we do).  If you want security, check
out OpenBSD.  If you want portability, try
If you want to have fun, then Linux is good,
so I hear, but serious business finds itself
unsatisfied.  Mind you, it is getting a whole
lot better!
We've had a lot of success with open source.
My company published the Cryptix java library
back in '96, for purely selfish reasons.
Since then, a team of volunteers (including
our own people) have produced lots of versions,
and kept it moderately up to date.  (It's a
bit quiet now, the lists are down, giving
evidence of the unreliability of the open
source model ;-)
We had to write Cryptix, that was a business
requirement as we needed crypto in Java (and
Perl) and nobody had done it before.  But,
once done, I didn't want to pay to keep it
going.  So we open sourced it.  We got the
support and the updates for free, mostly,
I had to pay for bits and
pieces, sure, but when I paid about $6000
(all up) to get the OpenPGP library written,
it compared pretty well to the licence fees
that RSADSI was charging, of $25,000.  I
got a good price because the source then
got opensourced.  Everybody won.  And, I
had to do it anyway, because RSADSI doesn't
deliver OpenPGP :-(
(Of course there are alternate business
models.  Baltimore, IAIK, RSADSI are some
famous names that decided to sell their
crypto software and made a bundle on the
stock exchange.  But, when it comes down
to it, their model failed, because they
were seduced into the apparent gold mine
of PKI...  But that's getting distracted!)
There are other benefits to the open source
model:  most of the people who've volunteered
have boosted their CVs and picked up good
work because of it.

@_date: 2002-06-13 16:16:16
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: what a scream - answers.google.com - anon ps 
One of the things that was interesting about writing
my '97 paper on task markets was that this was an
obviously fertile field for real new markets for
information.  In the event, I didn't pursue that
idea beyond writing the code, due to the absence of
a real digital money that was suitably stable.
It was always possible using credit cards, but they
tended to pour sand in the machine, so it required
a real effort to get such an info-market up and going.
Many tried and failed.
Now there is a market, run by our fave search engine,
at  where you can post a
question for some cash.  This has been tried before,
but not to my knowledge by such a large and sustained
player as google.
A little searching around reveals a lack of sections,
but the following prominent question:
   "Anonymous Electronic Cash Payment System Sought" for
the princely sum of $10 :-)

@_date: 2002-05-30 08:34:49
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
Costs are still way too high.  This won't change until
browsers are shipped that treat self-signed certs as being
valid.  Unfortunately, browser manufacturers believe in
cert-ware for a variety of non-security reasons.
Hopefully, one day the independant browser manufacturers
will ship browsers that show a different icon for self-
certs, rather than annoy the user with mindless security
warnings.  Then, we can expect a massive increase in
secure browsing as sites start defaulting to self-signed
certs, and a consequent massive increase in security, as
well as a follow-on massive increase in the sale of certs.
Unfortunately, we probably won't see an enhanced market
for CA certs until Verisign goes broke.
Huge numbers of them.  You won't see it in security
lists, but most of your average people out there do
not understand the significance of the padlock, and
when merchants request credit card numbers, they
quietly forget to tell them.
And, in a lot of cases, credit card details are
shipped over cleartext email rather than browsers.
Many of these merchants have card-holder-present
agreements, the restrictions of which, they just
ignore.  Commerce being what commerce is, it is
more important to get the sale than deal with some
obscure security nonsense that doesn't make sense.
Much of today's body of (OECD) net users don't read
the news about the net and don't understand the debate,
nor can they make sense of how to protect themselves
from a site that is hacked...
Three or four years back, much of the body of the
net was still technically advanced and capable of
understanding the fallacious security arguments.
These days, perversely, the users are better able
to evaluate the security risks, because they don't
understand the arguments, so they look to the
actual experience, which provides no warnings.
Unfortunately, real data is being kept back by the
credit card majors.  It is my contention that there
has never been a case of sniffed-credit-card-abuse,
and nobody I've ever talked to in the credit card
world has ever been able to change that.
On the whole, all net-related credit card fraud is
to do with other factors:  mass thefts from hacked
databases, fraudulent merchant gatherings, fear-of-
wife revocations, etc.  Nothing, ever, to do with
on-the-wire security.

@_date: 2002-05-30 15:56:33
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Making Veri$ign rich(er) 
I understand that we are all working to make Veri$ign rich by
pushing their cert-ware.  Let me offer you a way in which we
could make them richer.  Believe me, they need our help.
What you describe above is an arcane theoretical attack.
An MITM is an extraordinarily difficult thing to do.  In
practice, totally impractical in risk analysis terms.  Its
impracticality is because there are always easier pickings
out there than conducting this attack.
Consider the attack.  You have to be able to so some spoofing,
or some interception, or some hacking of critical infrastructures
to do this.  After all, you have to be able to insert yourself
where Mallory needs to be in some sense, which means perverting
the normal flow of packets.
This is generally highly risky.  It is also expensive and
hard to control.
Say you are attacking Amazon.  If you pervert the DNS, as
you suggest, you will have to be able to handle a lot of DNS
requests.  Also, there is a high chance that you will be
noticed.  Net techies and hackers and ISP people are looking
at this sort of thing all the time.
Now consider what you get:  you can sit in the middle and
manage some SSL traffic.  So you'll need some capacity to
sift through all the different sessions to snaffle the good
data.  At the end of the day, you'll be burning up a lot of
CPU cycles to manage that traffic.  (So you'll need access
to some good sized hardware if you are attacking Amazon.)
Finally, you manage to start farming those valuable CCs.
Depending on how much hardware you've got that is managing
the thousands of MITM sessions, you could pick up quite a
But, if you do manage to get to the point of actually
harvesting some CCs, you will by now have laid out such
a road map that someone should be able to find you.  So,
you had better have a fast exit.
Here's the thing:  even if you get some, it wasn't worth it.
Think like a crook.  Any thing that you can do with SSL,
you can do easier just by hacking into some poor NT box and
accessing the database to read off the CCs.  Then you get
to walk away without leaving any tracks.  Then you get the
last month's takings, because the company already did the
harversting for you.
And, in practice this is how it goes.  No thief ever bothers
to do an MITM, even over *un*encrypted traffic.  They simply
hack into the machines and steal it all.  That's why there
has never been a case of CCs sniffed over the net and being
used to commit a fraud (at least, no recorded ones).
Change the analysis to small merchants, and it is even worse
(of course Amazon will have a cert, so even its rich bounty
is unavailable, you have to do this on small merchants).
So, how do we make Veri$ign richer?  Easy, switch browsers
to accepting self-signed certs.  To see this, we have to
have tried or heard about small enterprises who have tried
to set up their SSL certs.
It's very expensive.  Most don't do it.  If we had the money
we could ask Netcraft.com for the figures, but, last I checked,
only 1% of servers have proper setups with proper certs.  Why?
because it is so expensive to set up.
Most sites try and fail.  They give up when they realise it
isn't worth their time.  So Veri$ign fails to sell the cert.
And the site remains unencrypted, uncerted, unprotected only
by the fact that nobody is watching.  (Security by obscurity
is indeed the greatest friend that we have, by actual saved
amounts of money.)
Now, if there was a halfway house, the site could at least
be set up so that it is encrypted.  Right there, is a big
improvement in security.  If we could do that, if we could
encourage the browsers to accept the self-signed but
encrypted web sites, that would let all the poor people in
the world (the other 99% that can't afford all the hoo-haa
of dealing with VeriSign and techies and ISPs and ...) have
a go at setting up secure web sites.  Secure by encryption
that is.
My guess is that it would get the number up to 10%.  Why
would that make Veri$ign richer?  Because taking that 10%
of encrypted sites would be a much more powerful target
market.  Veri$ign knows they care.  Those sites just haven't
got around to doing the work to get the cert set up.  But
they are encrypted.  They are half way there.  They want to
be there!
A decent, marketing approach to this user base would result
in a pretty good conversion rate.  We are talking 20-30%
here, because we know they care.  So, that expands the
market for cert-ware by 2-3.  Such doesn't work when you
are dealing with a untargetted site base of 10 times that.
All they have to do is understand that their MITM model,
as learnt from the textbooks, does their market more harm
than good.  Sack the cryptographers, and employ some script
kiddies to tell them what it is about.
Should be worth a doubling of their share price.

@_date: 2002-11-15 10:55:29
@_author: IanG 
@_subject: Fwd: [fc] list of papers accepted to FC'03 
I see pretty much a standard list of crypto papers
here, albeit crypto with a waving of finance salt.
What ever happened to Financial Cryptography?  The
organisers did say they were going to look at wider
accessibility for the coming year, but I see only
these papers that are, from the titles at least,
anything that speaks to non-cryptographers:
Even they're a stretch.  All are specialised, and
none are of interest to the non-deep-techies.
On a related front, how much interest is there in
running EFCE this coming June?

@_date: 2002-10-31 22:21:07
@_author: IanG 
@_subject: patents 
No 'effing idea.  If you wanted to do blinded cash,
use Wagner, and then plug in something harder when
you get the rest going.  Any fuss over any patented
blinded method is the sort of fuss you get when the
blind lead the blind.

@_date: 2003-06-02 10:09:06
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
A lot of the tools and blocks are too hard to
understand.  "Inaccessible" might be the proper
term.  This might apply to, for example, SSL,
and more so to IPSec.  These have a lower survival
rate, simply because as developers look at them,
their eyes glaze over and they move on.  I heard
one guy say that "you can read SSH in an hour
and understand what's going on, but not SSL."
(This was the point raised by the chap who
recently wanted to role his own from a pouch
of fine cut RSA.)
Also, a lot of cryptosystems are put together
by committees.  SSH was originally put together
by one guy.  He did the lot.  Allegedly, a fairly
grotty protocol with a number of weakneses, but
it was there and up and running.  And SSH-2 is
apparantly nice, elegant and easy to understand,
now that it has been fixed up.
(SSH is the only really successful net crypto
system, IMHO, in that it actually went into its
market and made a mark.  It's the only cryptosystem
that is as easy to use as its non-crypto competitor,
telnet.  It's the only one where people switch and
never return.)
PGP was also mildly successful, and was done by
one guy, PRZ.  The vision was very clear.  All others
had to do was to fix the bugs...  Sadly, free versions
never quite made the jump into GUI mail clients, so
widespread success was denied to it.
I'd say that conditions for Internet crypto system
success would include:
  1.  One guy, or one very small, very close team.
  2.  The whole application is rolled out, ready to use.
  3.  Crypto is own-rolled, tuned to the application.
  4.  Concentrate on the application, not the crypto.
  5.  The application meets a ready need, and
  6.  The app is easy to use.
  7.  User doesn't need to ask anyone's permission.
These aren't very strong indicators of success, if
only because there have been so few fires, for so
much smoke.
Counterexamples are speakfreely, which was again
one lone hacker (John Walker?).  Maybe it stalled
on latter points.  (One doesn't hear much about
crypto phones these days.  Was this really a need?)
My own "interested" protocol (SOX, done by Gary H,
not me) trys to meet the above criterion and hasn't
succeeded, like all other money protocols.  I leave
speculation on why success is still just around the
corner to others :-)
So, I'm with Scott on that.  When it comes down
to it, there's an awful lot of smoke, and precious
little real life crypto success out there.  It's
no wonder that people roll their own.

@_date: 2003-06-02 14:48:51
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
That presupposes that one can do "better"
using SSL because SSL is "better".  It is
a challenge to translate SSL's strong peer
reviewed heritage into a secure crypto
In practice, if the tool is hard to use, an
implementation opens itself up for problems
in its usage of SSL.  There can be bugs in
the interface, bugs in the architecture
reflected by the complexity of the interface,
and there can be bugs in the underlying tools.
It may be that the SSL underlying code is
perfect.  But that the application is weak
because the implementor didn't understand
how to drive it;  in which case, if he can
roll his own, he may end up with a more
secure overall package.
Yep.  But the application got up and going,
he didn't wait for the protocol to be perfected,
which mean that the the application had a much
greater chance of ultimate success, and many
more scenarios were protected than otherwise
would have been.
Now it's a good protocol (Peter G reports that
it is highly analogous to SSL, but with its own
packet formats).  It's hole-filled first effort
doesn't seem to have done it so much harm.
[ Someone commented before that v1 was not deemed
serious (Marc A?) and v2 was the more acceptable
starting point (Weinsteins?). ]
Let me clarify.  SSL - the protocol - was not
designed by committee, but, the size of the teams
involved in the crypto systems was in excess of
the people who were intimately familiar with the
protocol.  For the most familiar example, browsing,
there were, it seems, many people involved in the
overall grafting of SSL into the original HTML/HTTP
system.  Hence, SSL as a protocol might be a fine
piece of work.  SSL as a browsing application is
flawed, and that's partly because too many different
people and agendas were involved.
(I think the design-by-committee criticism would
stick more strongly to IPSec.)
Sure.  If someone does roll their own, then they
should get it reviewed.
I know this is the mantra of the field.
Quesion is:  which PRIMITIVES?
1.  RSA?
2.  SSL, written from the RFC?
3.  OpenSSL, the toolkit?  EKR's fine effort?
4.  RSADSI security consultants, selling you
    theirs?
5.  ...
It's true that if there is a perfectly good
alternative available, it is probably more
expensive to roll your own than to use the
perfectly good alternative.
But, that assumes an awful lot.  For a start,
that it exists.  SSL is touted as the answer
to everything, but it seems to be a connection
oriented protocol, which would make it less
use for speech, media, mail, chat (?), by way
of example.
It's also very much oriented to x.509 and
similar certificate/PKI models, which means
it is difficult to use in web of trust (I
know this because we started on the path of
adding web of trust and text signing features
to x.509 before going back to OpenPGP),
financial and nymous applications whereby
trust is bootstrapped a different way.
Then there is understanding, both of the
protocol, and the project's needs.  I know
that when I'm in a big project and I come
across a complex new requirement, often, it
is an open question as to whether make or
buy is the appropriate choice.  I do know
that 'make' will always teach me about the
subject, and eventually, it will teach me
which one to buy, or it will give me a
system tuned to my needs.
In contrast, using a black box is always
a big risk.  Which black box?  There are
always 10 experts for every black box out
there, and they are all asking for lots of
bux to say they're right.  And, traditionally,
when you buy in a black box, chances are,
it's a grey box, or it's a black bucket, or...
still seems a very plausible decision to
roll ones own crypto.
Has anyone read Ferguson and Schneier's
_Practical Cryptography_ ?  Does it address
this issue of how an outsider decides how
to "make or buy"?  I just read the reviews
on Amazon, they are ... entertaining!

@_date: 2003-06-03 08:40:05
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
True, although, that begs the question as
to how they learn.  Only by doing, I'd say.
I think one learns a lot more from making
mistakes and building ones own attempt than
following the words of wise.
OK.  Then I am confused about the post that
came out recently.  It would be very interesting
to hear the story, written up.
Ah, good point:  There should be some
point on that list about building ones
cryptosystem outside the domain of an
institution, which tends to have too
many conflicting requirements, and
cannot limit itself to a simple system.
(And, yes, some protocols don't get
peer reviewed.  I wasn't debating that.)
I knew I was in trouble on chat, that's
why I stuck the interrogation mark in
there :-)  We recently added an email-like
capability to our (homegrown) crypto
system, and intend to expand that to
chat.  But, in order to do that, we
have to expand the crypto subsystem
(SOX) to include connection-oriented
[ Hence, an open question floating
around here is "why don't we use SSL"
which hasn't been definitively answered
as yet. ]
I think it would be very interesting to
do a study of all the cryptosystems out
there and measure what succeeds, what
doesn't, what's secure, and what's not.
What cost too much money and what saved
One of the issues that we see is that
too many security people assume that
"insecure" is "bad".  What they fail
to perceive is that an insecure system
is often sufficient for the times and
WEP for example is perfectly fine, unless
you are attacked by a guy with a WEP
cracking kit!  Then it's a perfectly
lousy cryptosubsystem.
It's like the GSM story, whereby 8 years
down the track, Lucky Green cracked the
crypto by probing the SIMs to extract
the secret algorithm over a period of
many months (which algorithm then fell to
Ian Goldberg and Dave Wagner in a few hours).
In that case, some GSM guy said that, it
was good because it worked for 8 years,
that shows the design was good, doesn't
And Lucky said, now you've got to replace
hundreds of millions of SIMs, that's got
to be a bad design, no?
(Lucky might be able to confirm the real
story there.)
Different ways of looking at the same
thing.  They are both valid points of
view.  To work out the difference, we
need to go to costs and benefits.  Who
won and who lost?  I never heard how
it panned out.

@_date: 2003-06-03 11:38:50
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
OK.  Learning more every day :-)
Indeed!  Although I trust that we can also look at many
different ways of measuring success.
In order to *compare* success, like for like, we have
to start with an understanding of the marketplace for
each system, and assume that the marketplace for each
application is its universe.
I (arbitratrily) define the marketplace for SSL as
browsing.  (I.e., HTTP, as used between a browser
and a webserver.  The SSL protected part might be
referred to as HTTPS.  This of course ignores all
the other users of the protocol.)
There, we can show statistics that indicate that SSL
has penetrated to something slightly less than 1% of
servers.  It would of course be interesting to see
what the bandwidth figures are like, for example,
but I wouldn't be surprised if they are also less
than 1% (think about all those yahoo monsters that
overflow your POTS).
The fact that a user of SSL is neither aware nor
capable of being protected by SSH is irrelevant,
neither is a sysadmin concerned in his job with
protecting his work with SSL.
(Actually that's not true;  there was an SSL terminal
system for a while, as an adjunct to SSLeay, but
that is a dead or dying protocol, rapidly replaced
by SSH whenever the two entered competition.  Which
is a good thing, the SSL terminal was a nightmare
to get going, due to its insistance on hand crafting
SSL's 1% penetration into the browsing market doesn't
strike me as successful.
If I was "selling SSL" as a business, I'd be looking
at the other 99% and wondering why it's just sitting
there, not being sold.  As there are big expensive
companies doing just that;  then I guess they have
Have a look at the penetration reports on
On the other hand, SSH, as a cryptosystem, as an
application (think: replacement for telnet, not as
competitor to the SSL protocol) penetrates its market
very well.  I have no more than anecdotal evidence
for that, but any sysadmin knows that once they
started using SSH, they would never go back to the
alternate unless forced, kicking and screaming.
It would be very interesting to find out what SSH
v. telnet traffic looks like.
That's what I mean by success.  Within its market
place, SSH rules.

@_date: 2003-06-03 18:42:59
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Getting back to the world of users, there is a
threat out there:  idle listeners.  For the
famous and the vulnerable, there have been countless
scandals whereby private conversations have been
recorded and dumped on a shocked and titillated
GSM stopped that one cold.  It wasn't ever meant
to be encrypted to stop LEOs listening in, and
that never would have been an issue anyway, as
taps are more conveniently put at the base station
(assuming legal behaviour by LEOs).  (And, we can
pretty much assume that the encryption wouldn't be
allowed any further than the basestation ... in
fact, I'm given to understand that there is a
reason that the microwave links were never
encrypted ;-)
What was a real issue was that people who had
something to hide wouldn't use the phone.  And,
those people with something to hide, *wanted* to use
the phone.  It was actually economically sensible
to give all those scandalising lovers secure phones
so they could romance away the hours safely, because
the charging was per-minute.
The other issue was phone spoofing, which was a
massive industry in Europe with the older analog
devices.  Again, the crypto in GSM phones killed
that little loss leader.
I'm guessing here that neither civil litigation
nor Murdoch papers are much seen in Finland :-)

@_date: 2003-06-03 23:43:42
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
I've seen it a lot.  Not that I pay much
attention, but I'd suspect it is less
than 10%, but much more than 1%.  Also, a lot
of credit card numbers get delivered by email.
These are all to small time merchants who have
MOTO agreements without the net part, but take
the CCs anyway.  After all, a sale is a sale,
and nobody ever heard of a credit card number
being lost over the net...
OK, I'm teased by this:  how many sites use
open unencrypted CC delivery?  I went to google
and searched on:  " Virtually all deployed browsers support SSL, except a few
Total SSL servers 131,566.  Now go to here:
Total webservers 10,432,910 (derived by 5280096 / 0.5061).
That gives SSL penetration as 10,432,910 / 131,566 == 1.26%
(Darn!  I was wrong, it's slightly more than 1%, not less.
I should be stoned and cursed!)
Hmmm...  You might say that, but I would have said it
was the other way around!  There is - surprisingly -
not much of a threat model for eavesdropping of credit
cards (and - shockingly - even less of an MITM threat
It's easier for a crook to break in and hack the DB, and
pick up tens of thousands than to haunt the net looking
for an elusive 16 digit number out of a browser page.
But, there is a big personal cost with reputational
information.  Few people would want to see my credit
card info, but I can think of lots that would be keen
on seeing my adult browsing, my gaming addition, or
my participation in my kleptomaniacal therapy group,
not to mention anything embarrassing I might get up
What I find curious is why all those open source people
worked so hard to build in the crypto to protect credit
cards, but didn't want to protect anything else.  I can
understand Netscape programmers - they wanted to sell
secure servers for cash.
But I don't understand why Apache and KDE and Mozilla
deliver software tuned to protect credit cards.  It
would make sense if they were all paid to do this by
the credit card companies ... but they aren't, are
they?  What's their incentive?
We run a dozen or more web servers here, and
I can never tell the difference between the
unprotected ones and the protected ones, so
I'm not sure what to make of the argument
that SSL should be reserved for "important
credit card numbers".
I think CPU has gotted so cheap that running
out of CPU is a great sign of a successful
business, no more.  The last time I made a
serious business decision based on CPU
horsepower was back in 1989.  We are almost
at the point where raw PCs can do 1000 RSAs
per second.  Companies like Visa and Mastercard
process in the order of 1000 - 10,000 transactions
per second.  Which means if they were using an
efficient payment system - one or 2 RSAs per
transaction - they could be now thinking about
putting their entire crypto processing on one PC.
Maybe it's only an issue if one is serving
continuously... in which case, maybe one could
either "use less crypto" like switch back to
smaller keys - way more secure than no keys -
or buy a faster box?

@_date: 2003-06-03 23:48:12
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Certainly, in measureable terms, Tim's description
is spot on.  I agree with Peter's comments, but
that's another issue indeed.
Design wins!  Yes, indeed, another way of measuring
the success is to measure the design wins.  Using
this measure, SSL is indeed ahead.  This probably
also correlates with the wider support that SSL
garners in the cryptography field.
That would depend an awful lot on what was meant
by "dollars-secured" and "data-secured" ?  Sysadmins
move some pretty hefty backups by SSH on a routine

@_date: 2003-06-06 14:30:04
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Nope.  Cellphone companies are big slow moving
targets.  They get their franchise from the
government.  If the NSA wants weak crypto, they
do weak crypto.
There is literally no point in hoping the cell
phone company - or any large franchise holder -
will help you in your fight against big brother.
OTOH, what you can do is argue for reasonable
(Similar to GSM's.  That is hard to attack,
there is AFAIR no 'trival' attack, you have to
get access to the SIM or you have to probe the
phone with another phone over a period of hours.
I.e., the attacker leaves tracks, and he does so
in a way that will move him on to another mode
of tapping, such as purchasing a straight listening
Now, it seems that the US standards didn't get
even that.  There's definately a case for arguing
for better crypto in the US.  And, market forces
and all that, one would think that this would
happen in due course.
But arguing for strong crypto end-to-end - save
your breath.
John Kelsey (paraphrased):
(I edited the above to broaden the assert!)
Opportunistic crypto - that which uses the tools
immediately available and delivers crypto that
is the best available right now - is the only
crypto that will work for *you* the user in any
application.  Anything that defers security off
to some external party has a result of slowing
or killing the application, or delivering less
or no security than if you'd gone ahead in the
first place.
This isn't saying anything new.  It's the Internet,
after all.  On the Internet, one doesn't ask for
permission to participate.  That's no accident,
it's a core reason for its arisal.  Any protocol
that has a step of "now ask for permission" is,
IMHO, breaking one of the major principles of the
I guess there's no reason why you couldn't load
up speakfreely on a custom Unix box with a flashed
OS, put in the USB headset, and sell it as an end
to end encrypting phone.  The software's all free,
a cheap machine is $300 at Walmart, some enterprising
crypto guy could ship out a network appliance for
(Or, put it in a PDA that's got the right hooks?)
Half the price of your old Comsec, wasn't it selling
for $1000?

@_date: 2003-06-06 18:08:34
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Derik asks the pertinant question:
My view, again, IMHO:  ignore Microsoft.  Concentrate
on the open source solutions:  KDE, Mozilla, Apache.
These groups will always lead in security, because
they are not twisted by institutional conflicts;
they can examine historical security model from the
point of view of interested professionals, rather
than commercial actors trying to preserve this or
that revenue stream.
The trick is to understand whether HTTPS as it
currently is can be improved.  If it can, then
those above guys can do it.
Once the improvements are shown to work, Microsoft
will follow along.  They are a follower company,
not an innovator, and they need to see it work in
practice before doing anything.  As Derik suggests,
the vast majority of users will have to wait.
Along those lines, there's one piece of excellent
That's fantastic!  I never knew that.  How does one
set that option on Mozilla?  (I'm using 5.0 / 1.3.1.)

@_date: 2003-10-08 20:18:21
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: [dgc.chat] EU directive could spark patent war 
My guess is, nix, nada.  Patents are a red herring
in the blinding skirmishes, they became a convenient
excuse and a point to place the flag when rallying
the troops.  The battle was elsewhere, but it was
good to have something to keep the press distracted.
You can see this in, for example, the long available
Wagner variation, and the availability of a bunch of
other variations.  Even when people started doing
demo code of the various alternates (Magic Money,
Ben Laurie's Lucre, etc) there was little to no
amounts of interest.  (There is one guy working
to turn BLL into a system, and then there is our
WebFunds project, originally started from on an
old port of MM back in 1999 or so.  That's it as
far as I know, what is clear is that there is no
inundation of monetary offers for the tech.  I
know a couple of people who put or promised some
money, but it was all pocket change.)
Any one with any business experience realises that
the patents were a huge risk factor, so the obvious
thing was to de-risk it.  Hence, use Wagner first
and shop for another method later (we figured this
out in 2001 after the first coder's Chaum code was
replaced by the second's Wagner efforts...  Or was
it Brands....).
Hence, there are no business analysies being done,
and therefore, no business.
Here we remain within sight of the expiry of the
first of Chaum's patents, and still lukewarm
interest in blinding.  I predict the date will
pass and nothing will change.
The real barriers to token money systems are these:
   1. lack of a viable application
   2. tokens require downloaded clients
   3. bearer is a dirty word
   4. full implementation requires too many
      skills
(not authoritive)
As against approximations (DGCs, Paypals, nymous)
blinded token money systems don't attract enough
real business zing to make them attractive enough
to overcome the barriers.
(I personally am somewhat agnostic on blinding,
to the annoyance of many high priests of the
order.  I think the bank robbery problem is a
bit of a devil, but OTOH, I just spent today
working on getting token withdrawals going
again.  That's because I know of a group that
wants it for a very interesting application
to do vaguely with the 3rd world :-)
Another factor is that Europe has effectively
emasculated the entrepreneurial digital money
field with the E-money directive.  It's been
a while since I read it, but it basically forces
the small guy to be "just like a bank" or to be
so small as to not have a future.  Empirically,
I know two people - entrepreneurs - who've tried
to get into it, then read the directive, and said
"it can't be done" (both from different countries
that actually claim to promote the field).
(The USA, under the quiet guidance of certain
very smart people, went the other way and
deliberately held off from doing or saying
anything.  They realised that they could do
nothing but harm... so they "declined" to get
involved.  Also, in the US, there is very
much more of a spirit of doing something if
it is not explicitly banned.  In Europe, there
is much more of a spirit of getting permission
if it is not explicitly permitted, on the
assumption that the government knows what it
is talking about.)
The only ones who are interested in reducing
transaction costs (in the blinding fashion) are
new outsiders looking to set up new payment
systems.  Hence, the arisal of the digital
gold currencies was centered around the US, and
the smart card efforts of the Europeans were
centered around the national banking structures.
Smart card schemes cost O($100,000,000)
whereas these days a DGC costs O($100,000).
Go figure.

@_date: 2003-09-08 14:34:25
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
How would you audit such a system?  I'm not that up
on political cash, but I would have expected that there
would be a need to figure out where money was coming
from, by some interested third party
Also there would be a need to prove that the funds
were getting there, otherwise, I'd be the first to
jump in there and run the mix.  Or, the mint.

@_date: 2004-04-07 15:42:47
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
It seems to me that the requirement for after-the-vote
verification ("to prove your vote was counted") clashes
rather directly with the requirement to protect voters
from coercion ("I can't prove I voted in a particular
way.") or other incentives-based attacks.
You can have one, or the other, but not both, right?
It would seem that the former must give way to the latter,
at least in political voting.  I.e., no verification after
the vote.

@_date: 2004-04-08 09:58:05
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
If I'm happy to pervert the electoral
process, then I'm quite happy to do it
in busloads.  In fact, this is a common
approach, busses are paid for by a party
candidate, the 1st stop is the polling
booth, the 2nd stop is the party booth.
In the west, this is done with old people's
homes, so I hear.
Now, one could say that we'd distribute
the verifiability over a random set of
pollees, but that would make the verification
impractically expensive.

@_date: 2004-04-25 14:47:25
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: No subject 
Gecko/20040113 Thunderbird/0.4
You are looking at QC from a scientific perspective.
What is happening is not scientific, but business.
There are a few background issues that need to be
brought into focus.
1) The QC business is concentrated in the finance
industry, not national security.  Most of the
fiber runs are within range.  10 miles not 100.
2) Within the finance industry, the security
of links is done majorly by using private lines.
Put in a private line, and call it secure because
only the operator can listen in to it.
3) This model has broken down somewhat due to the
arisal of open market net carriers, open colos, etc.
So, even though the mindset of "private telco line
is secure" is still prevalent, the access to those
lines is much wider than thought.
4) there is eavesdropping going on.  This is clear,
although it is difficult to find confirmable
evidence on it or any stats:
   "Security forces in the US discovered an illegally installed fiber
   eavesdropping device in Verizon's optical network. It was placed at a
   mutual fund company
..shortly before the release of their quarterly
   numbers"   Wolf Report March, 2003
(some PDF that google knows about.)  These things
are known as vampire taps.  Anecdotal evidence
suggests that it is widespread, if not exactly
rampant.  That is, there are dozens or maybe hundreds
of people capable of setting up vampire taps.  And,
this would suggest maybe dozens or hundreds of taps
in place.  The vampires are not exactly cooperating
with hard information, of course.
5) What's in it for them?  That part is all too
The vampire taps are placed on funds managers to
see what they are up to.  When the vulnerabilities
are revealed over the fibre, the attacker can put
in trades that take advantage.  In such a case,
the profit from each single trade might be in the
order of a million (plus or minus a wide range).
6) I have not as yet seen any suggestion that an
*active* attack is taking place on the fibres,
so far, this is simply a listening attack.  The
use of the information happens elsewhere, some
batch of trades gets initiated over other means.
7) Finally, another thing to bear in mind is that
the mutual funds industry is going through what
is likely to be the biggest scandal ever.  Fines
to date are at 1.7bn, and it's only just started.
This is bigger than S&L, and LTCM, but as the
press does not understand it, they have not
presented it as such.  The suggested assumption
to draw from this is that the mutual funds are
*easy* to game, and are being gamed in very many
and various fashions.  A vampire tap is just one
way amongst many that are going on.
So, in the presence of quite open use of open
lines, and in the presence of quite frequent
attacking on mutual funds and the like in order
to game their systems (endemic), the question
has arisen how to secure the lines.
Hence, quantum cryptogtaphy.  Cryptographers and
engineers will recognise that this is a pure FUD
play.  But, QC is cool, and only cool sells.  The
business circumstances are ripe for a big cool
play that eases the fears of funds that their
info is being collected with impunity.  It shows
them doing something.
Where we are now is the start of a new hype
cycle.  This is to be expected, as the prior
hype cycle(s) have passed.  PKI has flopped and
is now known in the customer base (finance
industry and government) as a disaster.  But,
these same customers are desparate for solutions,
and as always are vulnerable to a sales pitch.
QC is a technology who's time has come.  Expect
it to get bigger and bigger for several years,
before companies work it out, and it becomes the
same disputed, angry white elephant that PKI is
If anyone is interested in a business idea, now
is the time to start building boxes that do "just
like QC but in software at half the price."  And
wait for the bubble to burst.
PS:  Points 1-7 are correct AFAIK.  Conclusions,
beyond those points, are just how I see it, IMHO.

@_date: 2004-12-12 20:32:49
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Blinky Rides Again: RCMP suspect al-Qaida messages 
Right.  Although only based on very limited experiences,
where I've come across those in "interesting lines of
business", the strong impression I get is that they would
not touch any new or geeky tool that had some claimed
benefits that couldn't be proven on examination.
This was most forcefully put to me by a dealer of narcotics
in Amsterdam (I wasn't buying, just trying to be polite at
a party ;) who said that he and his like would not use any
of the payment systems that had supposed privacy built in,
as they assumed that the makers were lying about the privacy
provisions.  As far as 3 systems that the guy was aware of,
he was dead right twice, and for the third, I'd say he was
approximately right.
So, if this is a valid use case and we can extend from small
time narcotics payments to big time terrorism chitchat, we
could suggest that they will be using standard people tools,
and trying hard to stay unobservable in the mass of traffic.
In this sense, one could say they were using steganography,
but I think it is more useful to say they are simply staying
out of sight.
Either way, the public policy implication is to challenge
any specious claims of how we need to control XXX because
terrorists use it.  In the case of crypto, it would appear
they don't use much, and what's more, they shouldn't.
I was hoping that the 'Terrorist Encyclopedia' had made its
way to somewhere like smoking gun or cryptome by now.

@_date: 2004-11-06 22:21:42
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Your source code, for sale 
This is to mix up banking and payment systems.  Enzo's
description shows banks doing banking - lending money
on paper that eventually pays a rate of return.  In
contrast, in the DGC or digital gold currency world,
the issuers of gold like e-gold are payment systems and
not banks.  The distinction is that a payment system
does not issue credit.
So, in the e-gold scenario, there would need to be
similar third parties independent of the payment system
to provide the credit moving in the reverse direction to
the goods.  In the end it would be much like Enzo's
example, with a third party with the seller, a third
party with the buyer, and one or two third parties who
are dealing the physical goods.  There have been some
thoughts in the direction of credit creation in the
gold community, but nothing of any sustainability has
occurred as yet.

@_date: 2004-11-07 09:11:56
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: L/Cs, e-gold and regulated banking 
(Guys, this has drifted out of crypto into finance, so I
have a feeling that it will disappear of the crypto list.
But the topics that are raised are interesting and important
enough to carry on, I think.)
An excellent description;  I was unaware that the system
could be used in a non-credit fashion.  Thanks for correcting
There are many definitions of "banking" and unfortunately
they are different enough that one will make mistakes
routinely.  Here are the most useful three that I know of:
1.  borrowing from the public as deposits and lending those
deposits to the public.  This is the favoured definition for
economists, because it concentrates on the specialness that
is banking, which is the foundation for its special regulatory
2.  Banking is what banks do, and banks do banking.  This is
the favoured definition of banks, and often times, regulators,
because it gives them a free hand to exploit their special
franchise / subsidy.  It was codified in law in many countries
as just this, but I believe it is out of favour to write it
down these days.  However, the Fed and other US regulators have
from time to time resorted to this definition, when convenient.
3.  Banking is what the regulator says is banking.  This is
the favoured definition of regulators, and sometimes of banks.
It means that there is little or no argument or discussion in
protecting the flock.  This is the much more prevalent in
smaller countries, where the notion of "sending in the lawyers"
is simply too expensive.
4.  There is a popular definition that says something like,
if it is to do with money it is banking.  That's not a very
useful one, but it's prevalent enough to need to be aware of
Right!  (Although, I'd suggest that the "payment systems
regulatory" question is polarised between the Fed and
the German model.  In the German model, payment systems
are part of banking, and are subject to heavy regulation.
I've not heard of the Germans and their followers accepting
the Fed model.  This debate is played out in the EU over
and over again, and there it can be loosely characterised
as the Germans + supporters versus the Brits plus supporters.)
Well, one could speculate on that and many other things.
Perhaps an anecdote would illustrate that better than I
can in more speculation:  in the very early days, e-gold
did go to the Fed and ask them if they considered e-gold
to be ... within interest.  The Fed said, "gold is not
money and therefore it is not of interest."
This would have been back in 97 or so.  Now, that's what
the Fed said then.  Obviously they are using definition above.  And, just as obviously, things can change...
If the separate party were to hold and create credit
based on contracts of deposit, using e-gold as the
money and as the accounts system, this would be doing
banking according to definition  above.  However,
note that it would have both the advantages of both
a hard money - 100% reserved digital gold - and the
advantages of fractional reserve.  The bank could
only lend out what it had attracted in deposits,
which would result in a stable multiplier.
The trick is to separate the payment system from the
bank!  The easiest way to do this is to ban payment
systems from being near or related to credit systems,
which is what we espouse in our unregulated finance
systems governance models.  (This is why e-gold is a
payment system in Nevis, and G&SR is a seller of e-gold
for dollars in Florida.  On paper at least, G&SR can
go bankrupt and e-gold carries on.)
The offerers of credit and loans were all third parties
that more or less had nothing to do with e-gold.  Such
separation, in theory, allows the creation of a stable
credit expansion system which is only limited by the
efficiency of the players.

@_date: 2004-10-19 21:14:50
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Printers betray document secrets 
I don't think this is new - I'm pretty sure it was
published about 6 or 7 years back as a technique.

@_date: 2004-10-22 11:45:59
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Are new passports [an] identity-theft risk? 
Who was it that pointed out that radio waves don't
interfere, rather, receivers can't discriminate?

@_date: 2004-10-27 16:01:08
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: MCI set to offer secure two-way messaging with strong encryption 
MCI set to offer secure two-way messaging with strong encryption
By William Jackson,
GCN Staff
MCI Inc. will offer secure two-way messaging through its SkyTel
Communications subsidiary next month, encrypting wireless text
with the Advanced Encryption Algorithm.
"It was initially designed to meet the security needs of our
government customers," SkyTel marketing director Michael Barnes
The company plans to get the device for its Secure 2Way service
certified for Federal Information Processing Standard 140-2,
which applies to cryptological devices used by the government.
The company also is promoting the service as compliant with the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and expects
the health care and financial service industries to be early users.
Text messaging and paging has emerged as a reliable-sometimes
the only-means of communication during emergencies that disrupt
other media, such as wired and cellular telephone systems and
the Internet.
The Secure 2Way service uses the handheld ST900 2Way messaging
device from Sun Telecom Inc. of Norcross, Ga. Messages are
encrypted between the device and an encryption server at SkyTel's
secure network operations center.
Two levels of service are offered. Device-level security provides
device-to-device encryption when both users have the ST900. When
messages are received from nonsecure devices, traffic is encrypted
only between the operations center server and the ST900. With
end-to-end security, all traffic is blocked except that from
other secure ST900 devices so there is no unencrypted link on
any message.
The service uses 128-bit encryption keys with AES and the ANSI
X9.63 key management standard for symmetrical keys. The National
Security Agency has approved AES with 128-bit keys for use up to
secret classification. The key on each device is automatically
changed every 30 days or after 5,000 messages. The initial key
generation and exchange takes about eight minutes. Subsequent
key changes take two or three minutes.
Each device also is password protected with an eight-character
alphanumeric password.
"It was tough to build the AES encryption into the device,"
Barnes said. "It is not done through add-on hardware."
After buying the ST900, there's no extra charge for the device-
level service. End-to-end service incurs an additional fee.
) 1996-2004 Post-Newsweek Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 2004-09-15 23:54:59
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
On the backbone, between BGP peers, one would have thought
that there are relatively few attackers, as the staff are
highly trusted and the wires are hard to access - hence no
active attacks going on and only some passive eavesdropping
attacks.  Also, anyone setting up BGP routing knows the other
party, so there is a prior relationship.
The whole point of the CA model is that there is no prior
relationship and that the network is a wild wild west sort
of place - both of these assumptions seem to be reversed
in the backbone world, no?  So one would think that using
opportunistic cryptography would be ideal for the BGP world?

@_date: 2004-09-17 11:27:33
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
Thanks for the clarification.  Re-reading (all) of
the above, I noticed that these are DOS attacks.
(That changes things - crypto protocols don't really
a priori stop or defeat DOS attacks.  They can help,
or they may not, it all depends.)
It's then important to examine the threat here.  Who is
the attacker and what motives and tools does he have
available?  It would be annoying to do all the work,
only to discover that he has other tools that are just
as easy...  (This is called what's-your-threat-model,
sometimes abbreviated to WYTM?)
Right, in that the CA model seeks to add trust
to the wild wild west by the provision of these
signed / trusted certs.  Whether it achieves that
depends on the details.  It is not wise to just
assume it succeeds because someone said so.
Let's see if I can make these assumptions clearer, because
I still perceive that CAs have no place in BGP, and you seem
to be assuming that they do.
In the world of PKIs, there are some big assumptions.  Here's
two of them:
    Alice and Bob don't know each other, and don't necessarily
    trust each other.
    There exists a central stable party that *both* Alice and
    Bob know better than each other and can be trusted to pass
    the trust on.  Known as a trusted third party, TTP, or a
    certificate authority, CA, in particular.
This situation exists in large companies for example - the
company knows Alice and Bob better than they may know each
other.  (In theory.)
Now, whether it exists in any real world depends on which
world pertains.  In the world of browsing, it is .. assumed
to exist, but that can be challenged.  In the world of email,
it pretty clearly doesn't exist - almost all (desired) email
is done between known parties, and the two parties generally
have much better ways of establishing and bootstrapping a
crypto relationship than asking for some centralised party
to do it.  (Hence, the relative success of PGP over S/MIME.)
Ditto for the world of secure systems administration (SSH).
When we come to BGP, it seems that BGP routing parties have
a very high level of trust between them.  And this trust is
likely to exceed by orders of magnitude any trust that a third
party could generate.  Hence, adding certs signed by this TTP
(well known CA or not) is unlikely to add anything, and will
thus likely add costs for no benefit.
If anyone tried to impose a TTP for this purpose, I'd suspect
the BGP admins would ignore it.  Another way of thinking about
it is to ask who would the two BGP operators trust more than
each other?
In such a world, a CA-signed certificate is an encumberance
only, and seems to be matched by comments in the AnonSec
draft that they are unlikely to be deployed.
PS: on the general issue of doing what you call anonSec,
I'd say, fantastic, definately overdue, could save IPSec
from an embarrassingly slow adoption!  I do concur with all
the other posts about how "anon" is the wrong word, but I'd
say that getting the right term is not so important as doing
the work!
On the point of what the right word is, that depends on
the technique chosen.  I haven't got that far in the draft
as yet.

@_date: 2005-02-02 23:38:46
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
So .. the way this works is that Dell & Microsoft
ship you a computer with lots of nice multimedia
stuff on it.  You take control of your chip by erasing
it and regenerating keys, and then the multimedia
software that you paid for no longer works?
I'm just curious on this point.  I haven't seen much
to indicate that Microsoft and others are ready
for a nymous, tradeable software assets world.

@_date: 2005-02-04 19:43:05
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
Right, so my point (I think) was that without some
indication that those people are ready for a nymous,
tradeable assets world, the notion of a trusted
computing base is limited to working for the
Microsofts off the world as the owners of the
content, not to users as the owners of assets.
I am having trouble with tying in "accountability"
with the above examples.  That doesn't sound like
an accountability issue in the technical sense,
that sounds like a theft problem.  In this sense,
I see two different uses of the word, and they don't
have much of a linkage.
Nymous systems are generally far more accountable
in the technical sense, simply because they give you
the tools to be absolutely sure about your statements.
A nymous account has a an audit trail that can be
traced as far as you have access to the information,
and because the audit trail is cryptographically
secured (by usage of hash and digsigs) a complete
picture can be built up.
This stands in contraposition to systems based on
blinding formulas.  That sort of issued money is
intended to be untraceable and is thus less easily
used to 'account' for everything.  Having said that,
there's no reason why a given transaction can't be
set and stabilised in stone with a digital receipt,
which then can form part of an accounting trail.
But regardless of which system is used (nymous,
blinded or POBA - plain old bank account) the
money can be stolen, statements can be hidden
and fudged, and purposes can be misrepresented,
just like any others...  If there was a reason why
these big companies didn't get into such digital
assets, I'd say it was because they hadn't
succeeded in a form that was 'feel good' enough,
as yet for them.
In which case, I'd say that they would consider
'accountability' to mean 'my accountant won't
think it strange.'

@_date: 2005-02-08 21:47:19
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Identity thieves can lurk at Wi-Fi spots 
Has anyone seen any case details on any of these
attacks?  The few articles I read all seemed to start
out saying it was happening, and then ended with
limp descriptions of how it *could* happen.  That is,
more FUD.
The above though seems to be a claim that it has
happened.  Now, what exactly did happen?  Was it
a hack attack?  An eavesdropping attack?  An MITM?
Was there indeed even an attack, or was it just the
software indicating a couple of funny connects?
Last year, those 2 kids were caught doing the wireless
thing in front of the hardware store - but again, what
they did was to hack (well, walk) into the systems and
install a program.
iang, still on the trail of the elusive MITM...

@_date: 2005-02-16 15:29:21
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: How to Stop Junk E-Mail: Charge for the Stamp 
My view - as controversial as ever - is that the problem
is unfixable, and mail will eventually fade away.  That
which will take its place is p2p / IM / chat / SMS based.
In that world, it is still reasonable to build ones own IM
system for the needs of ones own community, and not
to have to worry about standards.  Which means one can
build in the defences that are needed, when they are
Chat is already higher volume (I read somewhere) in
raw quantity of messages sent than email.
A fate for email is that as spam grows to take over more
of the share of the shrinking pie, but consumes more of
the bandwidth, the ISPs will start to charge people for
email, and not for IM.  Those left paying for it are going
to discover it is cheaper to ditch it and let the spammers
fight over the shreds.  That's just one plausible future,

@_date: 2005-01-04 20:44:11
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
OK.  So all I have to do is craft a good reason to
get people to reset their PassCode, craft it into
a phishing mail and send it out?

@_date: 2005-01-06 13:10:31
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: AOL Help : About =?ISO-8859-1?Q?AOL=AE_PassCode?= 
By this you mean a dynamic, immediate MITM where
the attacker proxies through to the website in real
Just as a point of terms clarification, I would say that
if the attacker collects all the information by using
a copy of the site, and then logs in later at leisure
to the real site, that's an MITM.
(If he were to use that information elsewhere, so for
example creating a new credit arrangement at another
bank, then that technically wouldn't be an MITM.)
Perhaps we need a name for this:  real time MITM
versus delayed time MITM?  Batch time MITM?
The user+client has to authenticate the server.  Everything
that I've seen over the last two years seems to fall into
that one bucket.
Maybe.  But that only addresses the MITM, not the
theft of user information.

@_date: 2005-06-01 12:16:09
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: "SSL stops credit card sniffing" is a correlation/causality myth 
Right, so we are agreed that listening to credit cards
is not an economic attack - regardless of the presence
of SSL.
Now, the point of this is somewhat subtle.  It is not
that you should turn off SSL.
The point is this:  you *could*
turn off SSL and it wouldn't make much difference
to actual security in the short term at least, and maybe
not even in the long term depending on the economic
OK, so, are we agreed on that:  we *could* turn off
SSL, but that isn't the same thing as "should* ?
If we've got that far we can go to the next step.
If we *could* turn off SSL then we have some breathing
space, some room to manouvre.  Some wiggle room.
Which means we could modify the model.  Which
means we could change the model, we could tune
the crypto or the PKI.  And in the short term, that
would not be a problem for security because there
isn't an economic attack anyway.  Right now, at
OK so far?
This means that we could improve or decrease
its strength ... as our objectives suggest ... or we
could *re-purpose* SSL if this were so desired.
So we could for example use SSL and PKI to
protect from something else.  If that were an issue.
Let's assume phishing is an issue (1.2 billion
dollars of american money is the favourite number).
If we could figure out a way to change the usage
of SSL and PKI to protect against phishing, would
that be a good idea?
It wouldn't be a bad idea, would it?  How could it
be a bad idea when the infrastructure is in place,
and is not currently being used to defeat any
So, even in a stupidly aggressive worst case
scenario, if were to "turn off SSL/PKI" in the process
and turn its benefit over to phishing, and discover
that it no longer protects against listening attacks
at all - remember I'm being ridiculously hypothetical
here - then as long as it did *some* benefit in
stopping phishing, that would still be a net good.
That is, there would be some phishing victims
who would thank you for saving them, and there
would *not* be any Visa merchants who would
necessarily damn your grandmother for losing
credit cards.  Not in the short term at least.
And if listening were to erupt in a frenzy in the
future it would likely be possible to turn off the
anti-phishing tasking and turn SSL/PKI back to
protecting against eavesdropping.  Perhaps as
a tradeoff between the credit card victim and
the phishing victim.
But that's just stupidly hypothetical.  The main
thing is that we can fiddle with SSL/PKI if we want
to and we can even afford to make some mistakes.
So the question then results in - could it be used
to benefit phishing?  I can point at some stuff that
says it will be.
But every time this good stuff is suggested, the
developers, cryptographers, security experts and
what have you suck air between their teeth in and
say you can't change SSL or PKI because of this
crypto blah blah reason.
My point is you can change it.  Of course you
can change it - and here's why:  it's not being
economically used over here (listening), and
right over there (phishing), there is an economic
loss waiting attention.
All that is absolutely true, in that we can conjecture
that if we close everything else off, then sniffing will
become economic.  That's a fair statement.
But, go and work in one of these places for a while,
or see what Perry said yesterday:
I'm sure that you'll agree that the likelihood of them
closing of all the other attacks is next to nil.  Even
if some top flight security experts manages to find
a client that really cares about security and they
together manage to actually lock everything down
(a rather low probability, I'd suggest) then there will
still be 1000 other places for the attacker to steal
the data.
The day to day reality of financial institutions is that
they do not have good protections in place, they
have *adequate* protections for what they *know*
about.  Which means that there is plenty of pickings
out there.
So I would suggest that listening for credit cards will
never ever be an economic attack.  Sniffing for random
credit cards at the doorsteps of amazon will never ever
be an economic attack, not because it isn't possible,
but because there always likely to be easier pickings
But don't get me wrong - I am not saying that we should
carry out a world wide pogrom on SSL/PKI.  What I am
saying is that once we accept that listening right now
is not an issue - not a threat that is being actively
dedended against - this allows us the wiggle room to
deploy that infrastructure against phishing.
Does that make sense?
PS: nor does it matter whether I'm right or I'm wrong
about my prediction that sniffing will be an economic
attack or not - it's just a prediction about the future,
just a hypothetical estimate.
What matters is now:  what attacks are happening
now.  Does phishing exist, and does it take a lot of
money?  What can we do about it?

@_date: 2005-06-01 15:23:21
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: "SSL stops credit card sniffing" is a correlation/causality myth 
Hi Birger,
Nice debate!
Right.  That's the point.  It is not a universal
and inescapable bad to fiddle with SSL/PKI.
OK, and that's where we get into poor use of
data.  Yes, sniffing of passwords existed back
then.  So we know that sniffing is quite possible
and on reasonable scale, plausible technically.
But the motive of sniffing back then was different.
It was for attacking boxes.  Access attack.  Not
for the purpose of theft of commercial data.  It
was a postulation that those that attacked boxes
for access would also sniff for credit cards.  But,
we think that to have been a stretch (hence the
outrageous title of this post) at least up until
Before 2004, these forces and
attackers were disconnected.  In 2004 they joined
forces.  In which case, you do now have quite a
good case that the installation of sniffers could be
used if there was nothing else worth picking up.
So at least we now have the motive cleared up,
if not the economic attack.
(Darn ... I seem to have argued your case for you ;-) )
Indeed.  It also doesn't mean that they will come
and attack.  Maybe it is a choice between the
attack that is happening right now and the attack
that will come back.  Or maybe the choice is
not really there, maybe we can cover both if
we put our thinking caps on?
Nice analogy!  Like all analogies it should be taken
for descriptive power not presecription.
The point being that one should not slavishly stick
to an argument, one needs to establish principles.
One principle is that we protect where money is being
lost, over and above somewhere where someone
says it was once lost in the past.  And at least then
we'll learn the appropriate balance when we get it
wrong, which can't be much worse than now, coz
we are getting it really wrong at the moment.
(On the monetary economics analogy, if you said your
principle was to eliminate inflation, I'd say fine!  There
is an easy way to do just that, just use gold as money,
which has maintained its value throughout recorded
history, not just the last century!  The "targets" debate
has been echoing on for decades, and there is no
real end in sight.)
That's one way.  Another way is to put the fixes into
browsers and trial it out there.  To some extent this
has been done - you can see for example Trustbar
and Petname as both similar attempts, and a very
different approach taken by Netcraft.  The results
are all positive.
What is needed is a series of experiments to try out
how different mechanisms work - there is no way that
you or I could predict the perfect way.  But we can't
push those experiments so far forward unless we can
convince the detractors of change to back off and
let some experimentation be done.
That is the problem with all these suggestions - they
do some "change" to the model of SSL/PKI.  And that
change is sometimes good sometimes bad and sometimes
completely dismissive - but they all get the same response
being  you can't change SSL! Consider petname.  *All* it does is allow someone to put
a name on a cert.  That's all.  But because it changes the
security model about how a cert is supposed to protect
users - in what might be thought of as a positive way -
this has received resistance.
That's what we are fighting against.  That's why I have
to go to such extraordinary lengths to show that it is
possible to change the model.
Well, I'm establishing a point here - there is wiggle room,
room to manouvre.
This might mean SSL/PKI is reduced in strength.  *OR*
it might mean it is improved in strength.  I really don't
care, I'm interested in the results, not the way it was
*OR* it might mean that SSL/PKI is bypassed totally.
For an example of the latter, look at Netcraft.  This is
quite serious - they are putting out a tool that totally
bypasses PKI/SSL in securing browsing.  Is it insecure?
Yes of course, and "it leaks my data like a seive" as
one PKI guy said.
Is it securing browsing?  Yes!  As recently reported,
60,000 downloads "within hours" for Firefox after it
got slashdotted.  The contradictions need to be
addressed, and more seriously than just rejecting
any change to SSL/PKI;  by rejecting the minor
changes by Trustbar and Petname, the way is
open for the really dramatic and major changes
like Netcraft.  And it's insecure to boot!
Not really.  My point is that there is room to move.  You
can fiddle with the model.  Nobody's talking about removing
SSL/PKI, and I don't know why people keep assuming that
it is on the agenda.  There is simply too much code out
there to remove it.
What people are talking about is trying different things.  The
SSL/PKI people are pretty universally blocking those things
at the moment, for whatever reasons, but sadly, because
they are not taking the bigger picture seriously, they are
somewhat in danger of being bypassed totally by things like
Netcraft's plugin.  Or worse (yes, there is worse than Netcraft's
toolbar in the wings.)
So where is the structural problem in phishing?  On the
left is the phisher, on the right is the user.  Between them
is a wire, a browser, a PC, and a hook delivery mechanism.
Over in the distance is the other victim, the online bank.
So where's this structural problem and let's get in there
and fix it?

@_date: 2005-06-01 16:24:47
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: "SSL stops credit card sniffing" is a correlation/causality myth 
Well, I'm not arguing it is technically hard.  It's just
un-economic.  In the same sense that it is not technically
difficult for us to get in a car and go run someone
over;  but we still don't do it.  And we don't ban the
roads nor insist on our butlers walking with a red
flag in front of the car, either.  Well, not any more.
So I stand by my statement - correlation is not causality.
Exactly my point.  Sniffing isn't noticeable.  Neither
in the cases we know it could happen, nor in the
areas.  The one place where it has been noticed is
with passwords and what we know from that experience
is that even the slightest security works to overcome
that threat.  SSH is overkill, compared to the passwords
mailouts that successfully protect online password sites.
SSH just works - and it worked directly against the
threat you listed above (password sniffing).  But it
has no "PKI" to speak of, and this discussion is about
whether PKI protects people, because it is PKI that is
supposed to protect against spoofing - a.k.a. phishing.
And it is PKI that makes SSL "just doesn't set up."
Anyone who's ever had to set up an Apache web
server for SSL has to have asked themselves the
question ... "why doesn't this just work" ?
Simply, evidence that people are listening.  Sniffing
by means of the wire.
Evidence that people abuse to gain unprotected
access is nothing to do with sniffing traffic to steal
information.  That's theft of access, which is a fairly
minor issue, especially as it doesn't have any
economic damages worth speaking of.  In fact,
many cases seem to be more accidental access
where neighbours end up using each other's access
points because the software doesn't know where the
property lines are.
OK, so maybe I am incorrectly reading this - are you
saying that spyware is being delivered that incorporates
wire sniffers?  Sniffers that listen to the ethernet traffic?
If that's the case, that is the first I've heard of it.  What
is it that these sniffers are listening for?

@_date: 2005-06-01 18:59:30
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: "SSL stops credit card sniffing" is a correlation/causality myth 
Ahh-oops!  That particular reply was scrappily written
late at night and wasn't meant to be sent!  Apologies
belatedly, I'd since actually come to the conclusion
that Steve's statement was strictly correct, in that
we won't ever *see* sniffing because SSL is in place,
whereas I interpreted this incorrectly perhaps as
SSL *stopped* sniffing.  Subtle distinctions can
sometimes matter.
So please ignore the previous email, unless a cruel
and unusual punishment is demanded...

@_date: 2005-06-02 13:58:40
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: "SSL stops credit card sniffing" is a correlation/causality myth 
That's the point.  There is no link to SSL or PKI.
The only thing in common is the objective - to
protect the user when browsing.  Secure browsing
is now being offered by centralised database sans
Sure, I think it is a piece of junk, myself.  But I
am not important, I'm not an "average user."
The only thing that is important is what the user
thinks and does.
When Netcraft announced their plugin had been
ported from IE to Firefox last week, they also
revealed that they had "60,000 downloads in
hours."  That tells us a few things.
Firstly, users want protection from phishing.
Secondly, Netcraft have succeeded enough
in the IE world in creating a user base for their
solution that it easily jumped across to the
Firefox userbase and scored impressive numbers
straight away.  Which tells us that it actually
delivers something useful (which may or may
not be security).  So we cannot discount that
the centralised database concept works "well
enough" by some measure or other.
So now we wait to see which model wins in
protecting the user from spoofing.

@_date: 2005-03-15 16:00:46
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Encryption plugins for gaim 
Just a quick note of clarification, there is a collision
in the name Ian G.  4 letters does not a message digest
Gaim-otr as I understand it is authored by Nikita Borisov
and Ian Goldberg .  It can be acquired
   and here are some other links:
   Just to confuse the issue I also am working on a private
instant messaging service which is markedly different, in
that I am taking a payment system and reworking it into an
IM system:
   But I haven't got around to a download yet.  And it's not
AIM compatible, as it works through its host payment system.
Over to Ian G.

@_date: 2005-03-15 19:50:54
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Encryption plugins for gaim 
My thoughts are similar.  When I first got into the
design, I thought that the privacy aspects of the
protocol would be integral with the messaging system,
but that proved to be not the case.
For several reasons, I think the privacy layer is
going to end up being totally divorced from the messaging
layer.  As a stab at these:
    *  there are many messaging systems, and there are
       efforts at integrating these, so any decent
       privacy layer has to think about hops,
    *  we desperately want to preserve many messaging
       systems in violent competition,
    *  any privacy layer that involves a "decrypt at
       server and then re-encrypt" is not a privacy
       layer, as the threat is 99.9% at the node
       (all three - alice, bob, server) and not on
       the wire,
    *  involving the server in any identity and privacy
       concerns brings up conflicts such as asking the
       server to know who the user is, excrow, liability,...,
    *  messaging systems move at different paces and
       incorporating crypto into them may result in
       yoyo behaviour for safe chat - there today,
       gone tomorrow on the new alpha,
    *  the final authentication - alice of bob and v.v.
       - is something that is best done divorced from the
       lowtech as much as possible, so that means some
       sort of plugin and leveraging off pgp-style WoT.
       Integrating that step into the messaging system
       gives you "S/MIME authentication" which doesn't
       scale.
That was scratched off without pause...
Hence, my own efforts will probably go in these two
parallel directions:
     *  opportunistic key exchange followed by chat
        in SDP1 over SOX.  (Note that SOX is also
        encrypted client-to-server so for much of
        the journey packets will be doubly encrypted,
        but end-to-end is the target).  This method
        will be integrated and fast but lack user
        authentication.  This is uninteresting to
        anyone outside the SOX world.
     *  OpenPGP packets without any interference,
        and a sort of plugin ability to bootstrap
        a fast key exchange, with fingerprint display.
        Key signing to follow later...  Now this is
        much more interesting as conceivably the same
        protocol would (once designed!) work over
        email, Jabber, AIM, etc.  At least, that would
        be the intention.
I'm not sure what this obsession with digital signatures
over messages is.  That probably wants to be unwound.  If
people are "signing a contract" over chat or indeed email,
then they probably need a lot more support in the tech and
a lot more warning, training, and legal support as to the
ramifications.  C.f.,
I agree that encrypting a chat message straight GPG/OpenPGP-
over-IM would probably be clunky.  I was more envisaging
using OpenPGP to handle the clunky key exchange and then
go fast from there.
(Note however that my efforts are towards integrating
two separate disparate systems - payments and IM - and
I am less concerned with the privacy aspects as Ian
Goldberg is.  This is one area where I'm adopting a
wait and see attitude because I'm not convinced that
this is an entirely tech issue.  But whichever, when
we get to that stage there is nothing wrong with doing
several possibilities.)
iang (the other other one)

@_date: 2005-05-31 18:31:04
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: "SSL stops credit card sniffing" is a correlation/causality myth 
I think you meant to write that James' reasoning is
circular, but strangely, your reasoning is at least as
unfounded - correlation not causality.  And I think
the evidence is pretty much against any causality,
although this will be something that is hard to show,
in the absence.
 * AFAICS, a non-trivial proportion of credit
card traffic occurs over totally unprotected
traffic, and that has never been sniffed as far as
anyone has ever reported.  (By this I mean lots of
small merchants with MOTO accounts that don't
bother to set up "proper" SSL servers.)
 * We know that from our experiences
of the wireless 802.11 crypto - even though we've
got repeated breaks and the FBI even demonstrating
how to break it, and the majority of people don't even
bother to turn on the crypto, there remains practically
zero evidence that anyone is listening.
  FBI tells you how to do it:
  As an alternate hypothesis, credit cards are not
sniffed and never will be sniffed simply because
that is not economic.  If you can hack a database
and lift 10,000++ credit card numbers, or simply
buy the info from some insider, why would an
attacker ever bother to try and sniff the wire to
pick up one credit card number at a time?
And if they did, why would we care?  Better to
let a stupid thief find a way to remove himself from
a life of crime than to channel him into a really
dangerous and expensive crime like phishing,
box cracking, and purchasing identity info from
But this is totally incorrect!  The spyware installs on the
users' machines, and thus does not need to sniff the
wire.  The assumption of SSL is (as written up in Eric's
fine book) that the wire is insecure and the node is
secure, and if the node is insecure then we are sunk.
  Eric's book and "1.2 The Internet Threat Model"
  Presence of keyboard sniffing does not give us any
evidence at all towards wire sniffing and only serves
to further embarrass the SSL threat model.
Yes, that's being tried now too.  This is I suspect the
one area where the SSL model correctly predicted
a minor threat.  But from what I can tell, server-based
DNS hijacking isn't that successful for the obvious
reasons (attacking the ISP to get to the user is a
higher risk strategy than makes sense in phishing).
User node-based hijacking might be more successful.
Again, that's on the node, so it can totally bypass any
PKI based protections anyway.
I say "minor threat" because you have to look at the big
picture:  attackers have figured out a way to breach the
secure browsing model so well and so economically
that they now have lots and lots of investment money,
and are gradually working their way through the various
lesser ways of attacking secure browsing.
As perhaps further evidence of the black mark against
so-called secure browsing, phishers still have not
bothered to acquire control-of-domain certs for $30
and use them to spoof websites over SSL.
Now, that's either evidence that $30 is too much to
pay, or that users just ignore the certs and padlocks
so it is no big deal anyway.  Either way, a model
that is bypassed so disparagingly without even a
direct attack on the PKI is not exactly recommending

@_date: 2005-11-24 09:50:29
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [fc-discuss] Financial Cryptography Update: On Digital 
Hey, thanks for the credit!  You raise an interesting
claim.  I think it is fair to say that a lot of people
have looked at governance of digital cash but almost
all of their efforts have proceeded from a technical
crypto pov, and have thus not got very far.  If you wade
thru the early FC proceedings you'll see a steady stream of
papers trying to make blinded tokens slightly less blind
with various mixed objectives that could be interpreted
as governance (often presented as control for various
other purposes).
My approach has not been technical but has been what we
could call 'institutional' - looking at how the people and
organisations could protect it, which has the advantage
of being familiar to those who would be charged with the
job anyway.  From memory the others who've looked at
the subject from an institutional perspective would be
people like Mark Miller, Nick Szabo and the late Gary
Howland, but they were more focused on overall ramifications
than specific governance issues.
If this is the case, it would be an exciting development!
I guess we have to wait for the paper to see ... it isn't
obvious to me how the above would work.
PS: In your other email:
 > A new paper,
 > tentatively titled "Digital Cash: Notes and Coins" is being written. If
 > there's going to be an FC++ issue in December or January, we might have a go
 > at it before publishing the paper using a more traditional channel.
I have 1.5 papers for an FC++ issue, this would
probably tip the balance.

@_date: 2005-11-28 09:35:01
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [fc-discuss] Financial Cryptography Update: On Digital 
I wasn't aware of this paper, probably because
it was published in Crypto rather than FC.
Quickly flicking through it, I stopped at the
end of section 3.2 which raises some interesting
claims.  On the face of it, it would seem that
in order to operate the system,
   * merchants have to update frequently
   * merchants cannot accept real-time generated Tx,
     where "real-time" is inversely related to "frequently"
     in the first point
   * users have to likewise update many times per coin
While the solution may be elegant, I can't see
how that would work in real life.  The goal
for a transaction is quite simple:  send one
message, get one message back.  (In practical
engineering terms you can't get much more
efficient than that.)  But, the real point here
is that users will use the cheapest system in
preference to anything else, so a more efficient
system will dominate a less-efficient system, in
the long run.  Sander and Ta-Shma's solution
seems to propose something remarkably expensive
in message terms.
(Mind you, if he has done what he has claimed,
that is a remarkable result!)
Ah ok.  So we concur on the cost aspects.
As an aside, Sanders did pay a lot of attention
to these areas.  However, what he was focused on
was "regulatory" issues, as distinct from "governance"
issues.  Now, some would call them the same, but I
would not.  Governance is about the system looking
after itself and its users, where as "regulatory"
issues bring in a grab bag of wider issues which
have little to do with the system, other than their
presence having threat effects.  Hence for example,
the bank robbery problem is included in governance
because it steals money from in the system and threatens
system collapse, whereas money laundering is an exogenous
threat that only effects the system via regulation and
can never damage the system or users endogenously.
PS: it was never necessary to pay attention to ML
issues any more closely, because all digital cash
(including anonymous ones) systems generally had
much stronger AML capabilities in comparison with
classical banking systems, so it wasn't as if there
was much point in improving them.

@_date: 2005-10-20 06:25:57
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [fc-discuss] Financial Cryptography Update: On Digital 
That's a "merchant" business model.  Typically, that's
not how payment systems emerge.  Mostly, they emerge
by a p2p model, and then migrate to a merchant model
over time.  How they start is generally a varied question,
and somewhat a part of the inspiration of the Issuer.
According to the Issuer's design, he may try and force
that migration faster or slower.  In a more forced
system, there is typically only one or a few exchange
points and that is probably the Issuer himself.  If
the Issuer also pushes a merchant design, and a
triangular flow evolves, the tracing of transactions
is relatively easy regardless of the system because
time and amount give it away.  But, typically, if the
Issuer has designs on merchant business, he generally
doesn't care about the hyphed non-tracking capabilities
of the software, and also prefer the tracking to be
easy for support and segmentation purposes.
A game that Issuers often play is to pretend or market
a system as privacy protecting, but if their intention
is the merchant model then that game stops when the
numbers get serious.  (I gather they discuss that in
the Paypal book if you want a written example.)
Either way, it is kind of tough to criticise a software
system for that.  It's the Issuer and the market that
sets the tune there;  not the software system.  The
ideal software system allows the Issuer to decide
these paramaters, but it is also kind of tough to
provide all such paramaters in a big dial, and keep
the system small and tight.  (I suppose on this note,
this is a big difference between Daniel's system and
mine.  His is small and tight and he talks about being
able to audit the 5 page long central server ... mine
is relatively large and complex, but it can do bearer
and it can do fully traceable, as well as be passably
extended to imitate of his design.)  Meanwhile, the
Issuers who want to provide privacy with a bog
standard double entry online accounts system still
have a better record of doing that than any other
Issuers that might have boasted mathematical blah
blah, they just run theirs privately.  e.g., your
average Swiss bank.

@_date: 2005-10-22 13:43:50
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [fc-discuss] Financial Cryptography Update: On Digital 
Huh - first I've heard of that, would be
encouraging if that worked.  How does it
handle an intermediary fall guy?   Say
Bad Guy Bob extorts Alice, and organises
the payoff to Freddy Fall Guy.  This would
mean that Alice can strip her blinding
factors and reveal that she paid to Freddy,
but as Freddy is not to be found, he can't
be encouraged to reveal his blinding factors
so as to reveal that Bob bolted with the

@_date: 2005-10-26 17:12:44
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: [fc-discuss] Financial Cryptography Update: On Digital 
Right, the Microsoft operating system as host for virus
value has been going on for a couple of years or so
in a serious (industrial) way.
That sounds like a version of phishing, 'cept
for being 2 orders of magnitude too small.
Er, no, that doesn't sound like any finance system I
know.  See that post to the Register which I think RAH
forwarded, with 2000 in the class.  That's just this
week's news.
As per my observations, all FC systems bubble along
with something about 1% fraud plus/minus an order of
magnitude.  The credit card people currently report
about 0.1-0.2 % although I think that might be under-
reporting on their part.
Out of that, some people might get
recovered, but enough do not that we wouldn't be able
to push proposition b. with any strength.  We know for
example that even though the banks might recover any
direct losses, they won't accept liability for any
other costs including where their fault caused problems

@_date: 2009-02-23 21:44:31
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
No controversy there.
It is certainly appreciated that work is put in to improve the implementations during the competition (my group did something similar for the Java parts of AES, so I know how much work it can be).
However I think it is not really efficient at this stage to insist on secure programming for submission implementations.  For the simple reason that there are 42 submissions, and 41 of those will be thrown away, more or less.  There isn't much point in making the 41 secure; better off to save the energy until "the one" is found.  Then concentrate the energy, no?

@_date: 2009-02-24 01:31:53
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: SHA-3 Round 1: Buffer Overflows 
How can that be?  If you don't know the reason to provide the C, how can you argue that it has to be of a "reasonable quality" ?  What's the security / business / purpose / anything model here?
Well, this is all good and fine if there is a purpose to this code that needs the above.  But this is a *competition for an algorithm.*  So far, quality of code is not anything more than a distraction;  if I recall the last time, the first AES contender was broken out before the end of its presentation at the first conference!
OK, I admit here, I do not know why there is C at all.  Thinking back to my Java/AES experiences, I don't recall why there was code, either.  I can only hypothesise that it increased exposure, and gave a little bit more experience, also a sense of "proving it is at least minimally (Luckily, Java makes writing "reasonable quality" code easy, so I didn't have to answer it.  I recall that Rijndael team was very lucky to have good solid C help though.)
This is their lookout.  Frankly, this is taking code and placing it on a pedestal.  If these "people" go download stuff from the net and build it into security implementations, well, they need to do a little "risk management" about what stuff found on the net is all about.
OK, here I can comment:  I would predict most of the performance discussions are likely to be based on hardware issues.  They will be talking about gate counts and so forth, and if they get "soft" they'll be talking about instruction cycles and register sizes.  The C code won't really help there, and the Java will likely be totally ignored.
(YMMV, of course.)
Then a little more won't hurt :)  Let them have their fun;  once we get to the last round (5 algorithms?) then make it better.

@_date: 2009-03-23 16:44:59
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: When the Economy Really Did =?windows-1252?Q?=91Fall_Off_?= 
Or, they would amass the resources to take over the government, and control the system (both political and financial) to protect themselves, and thus ensure the next crash.
The problem with this entire libertarian wetdream is that asking anyone to keep his fingers out of the pie is simply against human nature.
I think it an open question as to whether "the government" fixes any real crash ... of course they run around in circles and declare victory as fast as they can talk.  But do they fix anything?  Do they ever make anything better?  I can think of one positive law / fix in recent history, being SB1386.  That stands out like a sore thumb, everything else has been wasteful or made things worse.

@_date: 2009-10-23 10:28:44
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: No subject 
, Cryptography The eMoney directive (1994) was originally written at the desire of
the banks to clobber Digicash and the like.  The Bundesbank led the
charge by more or less writing it so that "emoney is reserved for
banks (or approximations)."  There was stiff opposition from Britain,
Netherlands and one other (Denmark?), and the compromise that
Bundesbank agreed to was that an institution could be "not a bank" in
name but the barriers were preserved.  IOW, an elephant, with huge
inputs in capital, huge outputs in pollution and no value to the
This was all justified on "monetary policy" which I showed to be just
marketing blather in an old paper here:
In which I more or less predicted it would fail and issuance would be
done in USA.
Then, in late 1990s, the reality was reaching even the EU in that the
original concept was a failure so the committee proceeded to rewrite
it.  That's all it needs, right?  Of course, they had no actual
experience in eMoney, they were a bunch of bureaucrats learning by
watching what was happening in the press.  Still with the banks behind
them, and the impending euro to make them nervous, they essentially
enjoyed a market-learning process in a committee, and predictably came
out with the camel of 2000.
This camel of course failed, and as the Paypal, webmoney and e-gold
models showed themselves, they slowly came to the realisation that
their camel had to be downsized.  Now they have a shetland pony.  It's
nice and tight, definately cute, and probably doesn't eat more than is
needed.  There is probably a niche for them in the shetlands.
It's actually almost doable, on paper, but would you want to take that
risk?  Why would you want to?  The total equation is still
impractical, and you are better off issuing eMoney (both inside and
outside their definition) somewhere else.

@_date: 2009-10-23 16:28:44
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: EU Directive makes it easier to print e-money 
The eMoney directive (1994) was originally written at the desire of the banks to clobber Digicash and the like.  The Bundesbank led the charge by more or less writing it so that "emoney is reserved for banks (or approximations)."  There was stiff opposition from Britain, Netherlands and one other (Denmark?), and the compromise that Bundesbank agreed to was that an institution could be "not a bank" in name but the barriers were preserved.  IOW, an elephant, with huge inputs in capital, huge outputs in pollution and no value to the ecosystem.
This was all justified on "monetary policy" which I showed to be just marketing blather in an old paper here:
In which I more or less predicted it would fail and issuance would be done in USA.
Then, in late 1990s, the reality was reaching even the EU in that the original concept was a failure so the committee proceeded to rewrite it.   That's all it needs, right?  Of course, they had no actual experience in eMoney, they were a bunch of bureaucrats learning by watching what was happening in the press.  Still with the banks behind them, and the impending euro to make them nervous, they essentially enjoyed a market-learning process in a committee, and predictably came out with the camel of 2000.
This camel of course failed, and as the Paypal, webmoney and e-gold models showed themselves, they slowly came to the realisation that their camel had to be downsized.  Now they have a shetland pony.  It's nice and tight, definately cute, and probably doesn't eat more than is needed.  There is probably a niche for them in the shetlands.
It's actually almost doable, on paper, but would you want to take that risk?  Why would you want to?  The total equation is still impractical, and you are better off issuing eMoney (both inside and outside their definition) somewhere else.

@_date: 2010-07-29 16:18:25
@_author: Ian G 
@_subject: Fwd: Introduction, plus: Open Transactions -- digital cash 
Hi Bob,
Sorry to get your hopes up ... Just reading the words below not the code:  it is basically modelled on the SOX/Ricardo concepts, AFAICS.
As you know, the SOX concept used (PGP) keys to make an account with the server/issuer Ivan, or a long term persistent relationship, call them Alice and Bob.  DigiCash also had something like this too, it's essential for application robustness.
The simplest payments metaphor then is a signed instruction to transfer from Alice to Bob, which Ivan follows by issuing a signed receipt.  What you'd call double entry, but in Ricardo is distinct enough to deserve the monika triple-entry (not triple-signed, that is something different, another possible innovation).
Then, the blinding formula/transaction is simply a replacement for the standard payments tranaction above:  Alice withdraws a coin from Ivan, sends it to Bob, who deposits it with Ivan.
(Ricardo had Wagner too from around 2001, and like this author, had a path to add Chaum, with future extension to Brands.  The code for Chaum was mostly written, but wasn't factored correctly...)
Another possible clue:  the author has obviously taken on board the lessons of the Ricardian Contract form, and put that in there (albeit in XML).  I find that very encouraging, even the guys from DigiCash never understood that one!  So I'm guessing that they have studied their stuff.
BTW, FTR, I do not know who this is.
Lucre was 1-2k lines.  Ones heart beats blood into thin air until there is another 1-2 orders of body parts built on...  This is looking much more like that 1-2 orders of magnitude down the track.
