
@_date: 2001-06-08 21:30:54
@_author: IBM DeveloperWorks 
@_subject: ADV: Hands-on technical sessions in Java, EJB, JSP, J2EE and more 
Dear  ,
developerWorks is constantly looking for ways to expose you to forums about open standards and cross-platform technologies.  Solutions, The IBM Technical Developer Conference, is a great opportunity to do just that. Thousands of developers from around
the world will meet at the conference to trade information, share knowledge and -- most importantly -- find answers.  Knowledgeable experts will address issues related to enterprise infrastructure, integration, open standards, Web services and interoperability.  Well respected technology leaders - like Kevin Curley, Doug Tidwell and Kelvin R. Lawrence - will lead discussions on the application and advancement of JSP(TM), EJB(TM), and Java(TM) technologies, Servlets, J2EE(TM), XML and Web Services, to name a few. Choose from 372 hours of technical sessions on WebSphere(R), Lotus(R) Domino Rnext, Tivoli(R), DB2(R), and more; take in-depth labs on IBM's open
middleware; and tap into IBM's vast technical resources to help
build a powerful e-infrastructure.  Enhance your resume by taking one (or more) of the 130 IBM Professional Certification
Tests offered.  Arm yourself with the skills and tools you need to succeed.
Mark your calendars for August 13-16, San Francisco, CA.  Register now to save $200 with the Early Bird discount!
For more information about Solutions, The IBM Technical Developer Conference, click here:
developerWorks home page:
You are receiving this e-mail because you have shown an interest in developerWorks.  If you do not want to receive e-mails about developerWorks in the future, please click on this link Java and all Java-based trademarks are trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States, other countries, or both. WebSphere, Lotus, Tivoli, and DB2 are trademarks of IBM Corporation in the United States, other countries, or both. All other product names herein are the properties of their respective owners.
