
@_date: 2008-10-07 08:09:37
@_author: The IESG 
@_subject: [btns] Document Action: 'Problem and Applicability Statement for 
The IESG has approved the following document:
- 'Problem and Applicability Statement for Better Than Nothing Security    (BTNS) '
    as an Informational RFC
This document is the product of the Better-Than-Nothing Security Working Group. The IESG contact persons are Tim Polk and Pasi Eronen.
A URL of this Internet-Draft is:
Technical Summary
   The Internet network security protocol suite, IPsec, consisting of
   IKE, ESP, and AH, generally requires authentication of network layer
   entities to bootstrap security. This authentication can be based on
   mechanisms such as pre-shared symmetric keys, certificates and
   associated asymmetric keys, or the use of Kerberos. The need to
   deploy authentication information and its associated identities to
   network layer entities can be a significant obstacle to use of
   network security. This document explains the rationale for extending
   the Internet network security suite to enable use of IPsec security
   mechanisms without authentication. These extensions are intended to
   protect communication in a "better than nothing" (BTNS) fashion. The
   extensions may be used on their own (Stand Alone BTNS, or SAB), or
   may be useful in providing network layer security that can be
   authenticated by higher layers in the protocol stack, called Channel
   Bound BTNS (CBB). This document also explains situations in which use
   of SAB and CBB extensions are appropriate.
Working Group Summary
   This document is a product of the Better Than Nothing Security (BTNS)
   working group.
Document Quality
This document was reviewed by Sam Hartman for the IESG.
   The Document Shepherd for this document is Julien Laganier (BTNS
   co-chair) and the Responsible Area Director is Tim Polk.
btns mailing list
btns at ietf.org

@_date: 2009-08-17 11:18:33
@_author: The IESG 
@_subject: [btns] Protocol Action: 'IPsec Channels: Connection Latching' to 
The IESG has approved the following document:
- 'IPsec Channels: Connection Latching '
    as a Proposed Standard
This document is the product of the Better-Than-Nothing Security Working Group. The IESG contact persons are Tim Polk and Pasi Eronen.
A URL of this Internet-Draft is:
Technical Summary
  This document specifies, abstractly, how to interface applications
  and transport protocols with IPsec so as to create "channels" by
  latching "connections" (packet flows) to certain IPsec Security
  Association (SA) parameters for the lifetime of the connections.
  Connection latching is layered on top of IPsec and does not modify
  the underlying IPsec architecture.
  Connection latching can be used to protect applications against
  accidentally exposing live packet flows to unintended peers, whether
  as the result of a reconfiguration of IPsec or as the result of using
  weak peer identity to peer address associations.  Weak association of
  peer ID and peer addresses is at the core of Better Than Nothing
  Security (BTNS), thus connection latching can add a significant
  measure of protection to BTNS IPsec nodes.
  Finally, the availability of IPsec channels will make it possible to
  use channel binding to IPsec channels.
Working Group Summary
   This document is a product of the Better Than Nothing Security (BTNS)
   working group. Document Quality
   A version of Connection Latching is implemented in OpenSolaris. The
  document has been reviewed by Daniel McDonald who worked on the
  Connection Latching implementation in OpenSolaris.
   The Document Shepherd for this document is Julien Laganier (BTNS
   WG co-chair).  The Responsible Area Director is Tim Polk (Security
   Area Director).
btns mailing list
btns at ietf.org

@_date: 2010-03-16 11:39:18
@_author: IESG Secretary 
@_subject: [btns] WG Action: Conclusion of Better-Than-Nothing Security (btns) 
The Better-Than-Nothing Security (btns) in the Security Area has
concluded. The IESG contact person is Tim Polk.
The mailing list will remain active.
This working group is closed after successfully completing the most
important items from the charter. The mailing list will be kept open
for possible questions and discussions around BTNS. In particular, this
mailing list is the preferred venue for discussion of any BTNS API
documents. If drafted, the BTNS API documents will be submitted using the
individual submission process.
The ADs would like to thank everyone who has been involved in the BTNS
specification work, the chairs, Sam Hartman who was the responsible AD
when the BTNS working group was formed, and various reviewers who
helped greatly improve the BTNS specifications.
btns mailing list
btns at ietf.org
