
@_date: 1996-03-30 11:23:00
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Open letter from the Congressional Internet Caucus 
Organization: U.S. House of Representatives
X-Mailer: Mozilla 2.0 (Win16; I)
To the Internet Community at-large,
Finally, there is something that both Democrats and Republicans can agree
on -- it is time to get Congress on-line for the 21st Century.
Over the past few years, the Internet has changed the way we communicate,
do business and educate our children. Millions of people log-on to the
Internet each day to send and receive information. And this new medium created thousands of new jobs in our nation's economy.
As more and more people go on-line and as the Internet becomes a greater
part of our daily lives, new questions arise about how to deal with this
new medium. Members of Congress are having to make policy decisions on
Internet issues that will impact our future.
What role, if any, will the federal government have in developing the
Internet? How will Congress respond to Internet-related issues? From
encryption to indecency, copyright protection to universal service,
Congress will need to make prudent public policy decisions about a medium
that presents such enormous opportunities for all Americans.
Congress must not make these decisions without the full understanding of
and familiarity with the Internet.
The Internet will also transform Congress and the government. From
communicating with constituents to making government documents available
on-line, we need to move into the Information Age NOW.
Members of Congress need to use the Internet.
To solve some of these problems, we are forming the Internet Caucus: a
bipartisan, bicameral group of members with diverse viewpoints. What we
share is a mutual concern for promoting the Internet. We will not just the talk. Caucus members will walk the walk into cyberspace by signing a
pledge to 1) educate themselves about the Internet, 2) get on-line, 3) educate other members about the Internet.
The caucus will also serve as a clearinghouse of information for the and other offices about Internet related issues. With the assistance of advisory committee comprised of public interest groups, industry, and
respected experts on the Internet, members will discuss and debate policy
We look forward to getting your input on the many issues before Congress.
See you on-line!
Congressman Rick White
Senator Patrick Leahy
Congressman Rick Boucher
Senator Larry Pressler
Speaker Newt Gingrich
mailto:georgia6 at hr.house.gov
Congressman Jack Fields
Congressman Edward Markey
Congressman Mike Oxley
Congressman Christopher Cox
Congresswoman Anna Eshoo
Congressman Bob Goodlatte
mailto:talk2bob at hr.house.gov
Congressman Tom Campbell
mailto:campbell at hr.house.gov
Congressman Robert Walker
Congresswoman Jennifer Dunn
mailto:dunnwa08 at hr.house.gov
Congressman Vern Ehlers
Senator Slade Gorton
Senator Conrad Burns
Senator Ron Wyden
Congressman Sam Farr
Congressman Bill Luther
