
@_date: 2009-01-25 10:49:16
@_author: info 
@_subject: [gsc] US too delusional to fix 
These are symptoms.  They are symptoms of the grab for
power by vested economic and political interests, and to
hell with everyone else.
Yes, very clearly.  You are perhaps a little young to
remember a time when every year, planes went higher and
faster, more things were available to more people, the
per capita income kept rising, new records were set in
nearly every area of human activity, all the time.
If you didn't live before 1969, you missed the peak.  In
Western Civilisation, people used to travel faster than
the speed of sound.  They don't any longer.  People used
to visit the Moon.  They don't any longer.  Private
passenger rail service used to be available.  It is not
any longer.
People used to have a reasonable expectation of a future
with more inventions, brighter, faster, niftier vehicles.
But, of course, the intention of the socialists has always
been to prevent that future, to license all activities, to
regulate all conduct, to prevent innovation, to destroy
entrepreneurship, to have boots smashing human faces,
So, naturally, we don't have those things to anticipate. The
inventors have invented, but they cannot make any money because
they aren't allowed to sell their products.  The Moller air
car cannot be flown except as an experimental aircraft.  The
ducted fan personal aircraft can't be flown except as an
experimental aircraft.  Richard Branson couldn't enter the USA
to look at the designs for his new spaceship because he's a
foreign national.
The civilisation that Raven refers to has peaked.  It peaked
about 40 years go.  It cannot advance because too many people
are trying to live with other people's money.  The burden of
government is too great.  The idiocy of self-important central
planners is in the way of any and every accomplishment.
The way to solve this problem has traditionally been for the
thin veneer of civil behavior to wear off, and people go out
and slaughter the scum who have been causing them grief and
aggravation.  When every city has every lamp post and city
building decorated with the eviscerated bodies of the filth
who think they govern us without our consent, then a new
culture can arise to replace the old.
In some ways, the alternatives already exist. The old culture
developed a robust inter-connected network or reticulum of
networked computer systems.  About the same time that the
peak accomplishments of the old culture were impressing the
masses, people began to develop open source cryptography.
The old system almost certainly cannot last indefinitely. The
problem with solving problems with other people's money is,
as Maggie Thatcher noted, eventually you run out.  At a guess,
that was Maggie quoting Hayek.  Sensible fuck.
About 1969, DARPA funded the first mil-net which was adapted to
commercial use in 1973 as Compuserve.  In 1976, Hayek conceived
of free market money, denationalisation of currency.  About
that time, open source crypto became the standard approach, and
within a few years we had RSA and other standards.  I suspect
that the arrival of technologies like encryption and bitTorrent
and peer to peer networks and digital bearer instruments and
Loom are the harbingers of doom to the old civilisation.  A new
culture based on open source and consent is replacing the old
culture of compulsion and limited competition.
These transitions can be tricky.  And, in general, those who
have made their lives out of forcing other people to pay taxes
and serve in the military against their will and obey endless
mindless regulations don't deserve any respect, not even for
their worthless lives.
Isaac Asimov wrote about that same time that an empire which
is allowed to last too many generations brings on a worse dark
age when it collapses.  Its collapse is inevitable.  The only
question is how long the authoritarian regime will survive before
it collapses.  And the consequence of that question is that the
longer it lasts, the slower will be the recovery.  The more
knowledge will be lost in the transition.  And the more
despair people will have before they get on with setting up a
new way of doing things.

@_date: 2009-01-27 03:48:22
@_author: info 
@_subject: [gsc] Fwd: Proof of Work -> atmospheric carbon 
Dear Robert,
Damnit, Zooko, it's all your fault!  (I'll try to resist forwarding
my next thousand spams received to you. lol)
Friend Venkat and I wrote a paper on self-extending wireless networks
based on the concept of micro (or perhaps nano) payments for moving
digits across a given router.  Setting payments very high would
reduce traffic, of course.
There's also the concept of charging to receive e-mails.  A person
could have a fee, say, $100 for receiving e-mails from unknown third
parties.  I can white list friends and family (well, some family)
and charge them nothing.  People who really want me to see something
can pay the fee.  People with a lot of time can set the fee very low,
perhaps make some money.
The future is long and mankind's ingenuity is infinite.  Life
is good while the bad times come not.
Actually, we had such a system, and we called it e-gold.  It could
offer a millionth of a yen's worth of gold as a micropayment. It
had great payment validity.  And there were many people providing
interfaces to the real world financial network.  The government came
in and broke it in December 2005, couldn't figure out why they were
there, and came back and broke it again in April 2007.  It remains
broken, and the government people involved (some of whom are reading
this list) are despicable thugs who should be ashamed of themselves
and commit suicide to regain some semblance of honor.
Nevertheless, it worked.  Sidd, what's the micro-est payment I can
make on Pecunix?  I know you support currencies like the Yen, but
how many digits after the decimal?
Obviously, there's no reason you couldn't make an arbitrarily large
number, like ten, or twelve available.
I should note that Pecunix has a proven interface with Goldmoney,
via bailment and redemption.
That's a very, very long URL.
Worlds of Warcraft gold is a virtual only currency, though various
secondary markets exist for things one might want in the game.  The
only thing that would scare me away from checking it out is reading
that Graham Kelly loves it, is selling lots of it, has checked out
the owners through his private investigators, and is meeting with
them soon.  He said much the same about OSGold, INTgold, Stormpay,
Brightpay, Notsobrightpay, Reallyquitedullpay, but I exaggerate.
Me, three.
Can you feed this message back their way, Robert?
Kevin, is Comoro.net ready for prime time?

@_date: 2009-06-05 02:20:11
@_author: info 
@_subject: [gsc] criminals arrest free market moneteers 
Dear Friends,
Below is the latest news on Liberty Dollar.
     	*_LIBERTY DOLLAR ALERT:_*
June 2009 Vol. 11 No. 06-A
Urgent News for All Liberty Dollar Supporters!
*FBI Arrests Bernard, Kevin, Sarah & Rachelle
The battle for a value based currency has began!*
The last two days have been amazing! Just shortly after midnight on  Tuesday, the
phone started ringing and I let the answering machine take the call.  But very
soon there was another call? with an even more urgent message! Very  quickly, a
friend of Kevin Innes, explained to me that Kevin had been "detained"  by the
local sheriff and was being held for the FBI to arrest him! Holy Cow!!  The supporter for the Liberty Dollar and co-instructor at the Liberty Dollar
University training sessions was in deep trouble with the Feds! I was  sure to be
next. But would they arrive in a few minutes or would it be a pre-dawn  style assault?
Finally, I got up at 4:00 AM. I was very concerned for Kevin and  wondered when
the FBI would hit me. Fortunately the morning was quickly filled with  a flurry
of calls from Kevin's friend, other interested parties, the usual  business calls
and making preparations for the inevitable knock on the door. But  nobody came.
Then just after noon, Niles, who's wife, Rachelle, manages the Liberty  Fulfillment Office, called to tell me that Rachelle had been picked up  by the
FBI at the LD Office and was due to be arraigned in just a few hours!  The FBI
strikes again!
Luckily, I was able to talk to Rachelle via her cell phone while the  FBI was
holding her. I was pleased that the FBI agents were the friendly  types and afforded Rachelle and I quite a few minutes of private  Under the circumstances, Rachelle's demeanor and resolve was right on  And very quickly, I learned that a warrant had been issued for my  arrest. And
just a quickly, Rachelle was off to court to be arraigned.
Much later in the afternoon, I learned to my surprise that three big  FBI agents
had arrested Sarah at work. She and Rachelle were arraigned together  and quickly
released to on their own recognizance (OR) before the sun set on a  very eventful
day for the Liberty Dollar. The quick, professional effort with Sarah  Rachelle were gratifying and encouraging. Unfortunately, I was to  learn that
Sarah lost her job because of this event.
By last afternoon it was clear that the Liberty Dollar would be best  served by
my turning myself in to the to the US Marshals, otherwise know as 'self
reporting.' After a few calls, I found myself talking to Agent Andy  (aka Agent
F) who was his usual friendly, chatty self. He even recognized my  voice although
we had only spoken twice and that was over 18 months ago. Sure enough he
confirmed that a federal arrest warrant for my arrest had been issued.  And after
a bit of gamesmanship with Agent Andy, I agreed to report to the US  office in Fort Myers, Florida at 9:00 AM on Thursday morning as it was  too late
to be arraigned, plus an overnight in jail would have wrinkled by  clothes  :)
The following morning, Thursday, June 3, 2009, I actually arrived at the
Marshal's office at 8:30 due to light traffic. As the saying goes, "If  you gotta
do time, do federal time." Quite simply, the federal boys are better  better trained and have better manners. I was immediately escorted to  a holding
cell. After an hour or less, I met with the Pre-Trila Service rep and  made it to
court at 11:00 in chains and handcuffs. The female judge was  businesslike and
granted my request to attend my son's graduation in Physics from UCLA  next week.
After fingerprinting, signing a $50,000 Appearance Bond, one final  meeting with
the Pre-Indictment Service rep, I was free.
In general, the arraignment was a pleasant affair. The US Marshals did  their job
with very little attitude, as they should. After all, I am self  reporting, and
it is for anything violent, I just want to prove that I have a right  to issue my
own currency and if any body chooses to use it then it is a "private  It is certainly not a crime.
*And so it came to pass,* 2009 years after the birth of Christ, that  regular Americans have taken a stand to defend the People's right to  themselves from a government currency that has a long and unforgiving  history of
stealing the people's purchasing power. This is a test of individual  rights, as
protected by the Tenth Amendment. It is the deciding moment that a  voluntary barter currency (PVBC) is legal in the great United States  of America.
This is a test that the Liberty Dollar must and will pass, for that I  have no
doubt. But it will not be easy or cheap. Please, if you support our  support us with any kind of money you have, including pro bono  services. Now
that the Liberty Dollar faces a federal criminal trial, it is the *US  v Liberty Dollar* ala Bernard, Kevin, Sarah & Rachelle. Please help us  Please help yourself win. Please help American win.
Very simply this is a Win or Lose battle. In addition to money for  this legal
fight we need articles that reference non-government currency, such as  Air Miles
as currency, legal research assistance, expert witnesses, legal  assistance, etc.
If you support the ideals of the Liberty Dollar, this is the time to  get behind
the Liberty Dollar. We critically need your help! Please send your  digital info
to Legal at LibertyDollar.org  and your  of value including other kinds of "currencies" to:
LIBERTY DOLLAR
225 N. Stockwell Road
Evansville. Indiana. 47715
*The best news* is that the Liberty Dollar finally has the opportunity  to prove
beyond a shadow of a doubt that it is legal. Over two years ago I sued  the US
government for a Declaratory Judgment to resolve the legality issue.  And how did
they respond, they raided the Liberty Dollar and confiscated over $4  dollars in gold, silver and cash. The US government has done  everything possible
to kill the Liberty Dollar! And guess what? It has not worked. The  mere fact
that the Liberty Dollar is still in business is a testament to your  demand for
Real Money and the ideals that the Liberty Dollar represents.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for your support! Trust me, the  Liberty Dollar
is not made up of any fat cats. We are all just regular Americans. And  we all
just want good money, a lot less government and no damn war!
Click HERE  for a
stilted Press Release by the DOJ. Its three pages with a whopper by  Owen Harris,
Special FBI Agent in Charlotte who said, "When groups try to replace  the US
dollar with coins and bills that don't hold the same value..." WOW  what a
telling statement of pure spin.
Click HERE  for
the 13 page Indictment.
Click HERE  for
Sarah's Arrest Warrant.
*Guess what?! Liberty Dollar still in business and we need more  business!* As
there has been no Cease and Desist Order, Liberty Dollar remains *OPEN  BUSINESS*. Please visit our shopping cart for all the 2009 Liberty,  Freedom, T-Dollars and more. Don't be bashful or stupid. Silver is  going to the
moon, just as sure as the US dollar is going to hell with your  purchasing power.
Now is the time to protect your purchasing with the "inflation proof"  and help usher in a new monetary model that provides the only proven,  and profitable solution to the monetary cancer that has infected  *OUTSTANDING ORDERS:* Please rest assured that we will fill all  orders. Yes, after producing a sizable amount of pre-minted Silver  Libertys and
finally getting current with most orders, we changed mints and are now  again. We apologize emphatically! Poor and/or slow delivery is not  business. It hurts everyone. And just when we were about to get  current again we
were arrested. Please continue to support us with your patience too.  We promise
to get every order out ASAP. But as I hope you can understand, it is a  to run a business, any business, in such an environment and fight a  major legal
battle for our right to protect our purchasing power
*The last few 2009 Arrest Dollars
Are you familiar with the Arrest Dollars? Starting in 2007 and  through this year the Arrest Dollar is one ounce Silver Liberty that is
specially hand hallmarked with a micro "handcuffs" stamp and my  registered mintmark. Issued only from the day of the raid to today.  The last few
2009 Arrest Dollars are currently on the Shopping Cart
After these are gone, they are gone to eBay for much more money.
*The 2009 Tea Party Dollar
* (T- is still available and we are still waiting confirmation on the  shipment. We are
still expecting to have the first batch order in the first 24 HOURS  here for the
July 4 events. The T-Dollar is still only a buck for an ounce of  copper AND you
can still get them for 10% discount to they $1 face value for a 100 or  Hey, they are only a buck? you can't go wrong. Plus every copper issue  has sold
out. Get these while you can and help support our legal efforts tooJ
*The 2009 Silver Libertys
!* The
backbone of the Liberty Dollar model is the one ounce .999 fine silver  Lib! Just
in the last few days, silver has bounced back over $16, soon the 30  day moving
average will be $16 and the Liberty Dollar will Move Up again to the  $50 Silver
Base. PLEASE don't be dumb and buy silver when it is high. Get it  NOW!!! Sure it
is not $5 per ounce any more, nor will it ever be again. $5 silver is  just not
possible with the government spending phony baloney fiat money like a  sailor. Please order silver now and protect your purchasing power and  Stay tuned to the Liberty Dollar News as we vindicate and validate the  of the Liberty Dollar. Please take an active role in this exciting and
profitable time. Don't lose out. Get involved with the Liberty Dollar  to make
money, do good and have fun. I am having as much fun in my 60's and I  did in The
60's and hope you are too.
Thanks again for your support.
Bernard von NotHaus
Monetary Architect
Editor at LibertyDollar.org
