
@_date: 2001-10-21 02:55:43
@_author: Customer Support 
@_subject: Ink Cartridges 
InkAtYou.com InkAtYou.com specializes in the sale of inkjet cartridges for the most widely used printer, copier, and fax machines at discount prices without sacrificing quality or warranty. Our company backs up all of its products with a strong satisfaction guarantee and prides itself on the quality of customer care and its impeccable business ethics. We want to combine the power and conveniences of the Internet yet instill a sense of comfort and security for our customers. Shopping at our online store will benefit you with savings of 50%-75% off normal retail prices. InkAtYou.com charges a low flat rate shipping fee for any quantity order. We depend on volume and therefore repeat business. Once you become a customer we want to keep you as one. We are confident that once you order from us you will continue to do so. We specialize in individual and small business needs but can accommodate large volume orders and provide price breaks to help cut back on large company's operating costs. We subscribe to the principles and services of the Better Business Bureau and as a result we have been granted membership to that organization. You are not alone when you order from us. Discover a difference in doing business with InkAtYou.com. We are looking forward to earning, and retaining your patronage. HP 51645a -- $14.95
   Remanufactured Black Inkjet.  Satisfaction guaranteed!
HP C6578a -- $21.00
   Remanufactured Color Inkjet.  Satisfactions guaranteed!
Lexmark 12a1970 -- $18.25
   Remanufactured Black Inkjet Cartridge.  Satisfaction Guaranteed! Cannon BCI-21 -- $4.25    Compatible Black Inkjet.  Satisfaction Guaranteed. Epson S020187 -- $8.50
   Compatible Black Inkjet Cartridge.  Satisfaction guaranteed! HP 1823D -- $19.75
   Remanufactured Color Inkjet.  Satisfaction Guaranteed! We want you to be completey satisfied with any product you purchase from Inkatyou.com. If for any reason you are not, we want to know. You may also return any product that you are not happy with for a full refund... Customer Support InkAtYou.com This email has been sent to cypherpunks at einstein.ssz.com at your request, by InkAtYou.com.
Visit our Subscription Center to edit your interests or unsubscribe.
 at einstein.ssz.com
View our privacy policy: Powered by Constant Contact(R)
