
@_date: 2002-07-12 22:03:10
@_author: Look@This 
@_subject: Are YOU looking for a new website, to develop an existing website, for cheaper hosting or domain names? 
Are YOU looking for a new website, to develop an existing website, for cheaper hosting or domain names?
We are a UK based company who would like to offer you our considerable experience and expertise in the field of website design, eCommerce, web hosting, domain name facilities and search engine positioning.
We can offer you cheaper solutions with domain name registration from £10 per year, website design both new and updated sites undertaken from £100, website hosting from £60 per year, full professional after sales service and website maintenance from £10 per month, secure server space and security certificates from £50 per year, marketing tips and advice free to our clients, top ranking search
engine positioning available. All of our designs are custom made for our client's requirements and are our best advert. We are independently tested on a daily basis and are consistently in the top of the performance listings of all the major ISP hosting companies in the UK.
So, whether you want to advertise your business more effectively, reach a larger catchment area or sell in the global market; WE have the BEST solution for you. Due to the bespoke nature of our website development most of our clients prefer to discuss their requirements by telephone,  please send us a contact phone number and we will contact you shortly to discuss your needs in more detail. Alternatively, please ask for more details by replying to this email for a prompt response.
We look forward to hearing from you. This is NOT spam. You are receiving this message because your email address was used on one of our web sites.
If your email address was used without your permission or you no longer want to receive email from us, we apologise for any
inconvenience caused and ask that you simply reply to this email putting remove as the subject.
