
@_date: 2001-12-03 02:04:24
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] InfoSec News List Information 
Just a little note, if you know of another site archiving ISN posts,
please drop me a line so I can list them on the webpages and such.
William Knowles
wk at c4i.org
InfoSec News is a privately run, medium traffic list that caters to
distribution of information security news articles. These articles
will come from newspapers, magazines, online resources, and more.
To subscribe to ISN, send mail to majordomo at attrition.org with
"subscribe isn" in the BODY of the mail.
To unsubscribe to ISN, send mail to majordomo at attrition.org with
"unsubscribe isn" in the BODY of the mail.
The subject line will always contain the title of the article, so that
you may quickly and effeciently filter past the articles of no
This list will contain:
        security encryption, products, public hacks, hoaxes,
        legislation affecting these topics and more.
Feedback is encouraged. The list maintainers would like to hear what
you think of the list, What could use improving, and which parts
are "right on". Subscribers are also encouraged to submit articles
or URLs. If you submit an article, please send either the URL or
the article in ASCII text. Further, subscribers are encouraged to give
feedback on articles or stories, which may be posted to the list.
Anonymous feedback is welcome.
Please do NOT:
All of these generate messages to the list owner and make tracking
down dead accounts very difficult. I am currently receiving as many
as 50+ returned mails a day. Any of the above are grounds for
being unsubscribed. You are welcome to resubscribe when you address
the issue(s). This is not a whim! Other moderaters have begun to do
the same.
Special thanks to the following for continued contribution:
        Phreak Moi, Brian Martin, Marjorie Simmons, Richard Forno
        Darren Reed, and other contributers.
ISN Archives:
ISN is Moderated by William Knowles wk at c4i.org. ISN is a
private list. Moderation of topics, member subscription, and
everything else about the list is solely at his discretion.
The ISN membership list is NOT available for sale or disclosure.
ISN is a non-profit list. Sponsors are only donating to cover
bandwidth  and server costs.
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-12-13 02:33:54
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Infamous hacker group helps the Feds 
By James Middleton
The controversy, rumours and speculation surrounding the FBI's Magic
Lantern tool has attracted ridicule from the internet underground.
Not only has one virus writer constructed a piece of malware under the
same name, but now infamous hacker group the Cult of the Dead Cow
(cDc) has offered a helping hand to the Feds.
Evidently still grizzled about the fact that its notorious Back
Orifice 2K remote control tool was labelled as a malicious program,
the cDc is offering its expertise in the area to help the FBI build
what would be an almost identical tool.
Reid Fleming, a cDc member, said: "Never before has the US faced a
more troublesome enemy. To meet this growing challenge, the FBI has
announced an ongoing effort to create and deploy best-of-breed
electronic surveillance software.
"While we applaud the innovation and drive of the federal law
enforcement agency, those of us who are US citizens would be remiss if
we did not offer our expertise in this area."
A tongue in cheek announcement from the group claims that cDc "has
more targeted experience than anyone else in this field".
And they're right. Back Orifice would do the Magic Lantern job
beautifully. Although the hackers are quite confident that the FBI's
Engineering Research Facility is more than capable, cDc intends to
re-architect Back Orifice from the ground up.
"There will be absolutely no shared code between the two projects, in
order to skirt detection by commercial antivirus packages. The code
will remain totally secret. The software will never surface publicly.
And it will be far more stealthy than anything we have ever released,
demonstrated or publicly discussed," the group said.
Indeed, the central design principle of Magic Lantern and this new
breed of Back Orifice could easily be interpreted as "an artificial
witness which is capable of intercepting any and all relevant activity
during, after and even leading up to the commission of a computer
crime", it added.
The cDc concluded that the project would deliver "the ultimate
intelligence gathering tool. And we intend to construct it, at no
cost, exclusively for the use of the federal government," said
"We are confident that the government will limit the use of this
technology only to targets relevant to legitimate investigations," he
added, further underscoring the cult's faith in federal law
enforcement organisations. "The FBI has a long history of following
Title 18 to the letter."
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-10-26 04:26:24
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Commentary: The Threat Of Microsofts .Net 
BY WHITFIELD DIFFIE AND SUSAN LANDAU
For more than two centuries Americans have prided themselves on
protecting their freedom by limiting the concentration of power. With
its famous balance of power, the U.S. Constitution divides federal
power among the three branches of government, while the Bill of Rights
provides other checks all of which have served the country well.
With new threats have come new protections. In the nineteenth century,
corporations grew and multiplied, and some amassed the kind of power
we had always sought to limit in our own government. Anti-trust laws
were passed to guarantee that commercial power would be distributed
among competing companies in every sector of business.
These protections have also served us well.
But now a new threat has arisen that may be less obvious but more
While computer and communication technology have enhanced our lives in
many ways, they have also caused fundamental changes that make
protecting ourselves from the concentration of power more
difficult--in part because these technologies have made it feasible to
build organizations that are larger and more globally-distributed than
ever before. The result: we need to be more alert to potential abuses
of power.
The fact that everything is interconnected makes it possible to
concentrate power in a new way. A business that holds a monopoly in
one area may be able to use its influence to extend its monopoly in
entirely new ways. This is what is happening as Microsoft attempts to
extend its monopoly over personal computer operating systems into the
Internet world.
Microsoft .NET (pronounced dot net') is a far-reaching project to
channel the personal information of all customers who browse, shop,
and congregate on the Internet into Microsoft or Microsoft-controlled
companies. It is made up of components: Passport establishes an
individual's identity on the Internet .NET My Services collects
various pieces of private information--including .NET Contacts, .NET
Location, .NET Inbox, .NET Documents, .NET Devices, and .NET Wallet.
The control over computer software that Microsoft has achieved through
its dominance of operating systems has limited competition and
innovation throughout the computer field.  Through .NET, it is
attempting to exert the same control over all Internet commerce. Just
as kings got to grant or deny royal charters to businesses, the
Redmond giant, if successful, may be able to say who can do business
on the Net and who can't.
But there is another and more immediate problem with .NET--something
that could evolve from a problem to a national crisis even if
Microsoft is well behaved or well regulated in the use of its new
powers.  That is the problem of security, as opposed to privacy.
What is the difference? If Microsoft knows everything about
everyone--and the information being collected by Passport and My
Services make that look quite likely--the company could still be
constrained in how it uses that information by laws or corporate
privacy policies. That presupposes, however, that Microsoft is
actually in control of the information it has collected.
Microsofts security record is nothing to brag about. Windows is the
most widely used yet one of the least secure operating systems around.
Microsoft programs have shown themselves vulnerable to worms, viruses,
and break-ins, on Microsoft's own computers and on everybody else's.
The Melissa virus spread through Microsoft's word processing and
e-mail programs, sending itself to the first 50 people in each of the
infected machine's address lists. A year later the ILOVEYOU virus
infected the Web through a different part of Microsofts e-mail
package. More recently Microsoft's own internal systems were hacked,
and the intruders spent over a month accessing system source code,
likened to Microsoft's crown jewels, before their unlawful entry was
Why should Passport be any different? Early security analyses show
that compromises made for the sake of universal availability make
Passport less secure than it might have been, less secure than it
should be, and perhaps just plain insecure. The My Services databases
will be a particularly ripe target for hackers. (Since all users of
Microsoft's free Hotmail service have Passports, many unknowingly,
there are already 160 million Passport users.)
Remember, Willie Sutton used to rob banks because that's where the
money is.
Suppose that in a year or two Microsoft has succeeded in funneling the
lion's share of information about people's identities, preferences,
financial assets, and shopping habits to itself and putting them all
in one big database. If Microsoft can't protect its own systems: what
hope is there for Microsoft databases that will contain the credit,
locations, and private files of millions upon millions of users?
Suppose somebody breaks in. Everyone's personal and financial
information would suddenly be in the hands of the intruders. Or
worse--they could be scattered about in a series of resulting
malfunctions. The extent of the financial, social, and political
disaster that could result is hard to imagine.
If history has shown us anything, it's that the best protection lies
in decentralizing power and promoting competition. We need to take the
same approach to our digital identities and make sure that who and
what we are is not held captive by a single entity.
Whitfield Diffie and Susan Landau are respectively distinguished
engineer and senior staff engineer at Sun Microsystems and co-authors
of Privacy on the Line: The Politics of Wiretapping and Encryption,
MIT Press, 1998. Diffie is also the co-inventor of public-key
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-01-16 00:18:11
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Wireless LANs: Trouble in the Air 
By BOB BREWIN, DAN VERTON AND JENNIFER DISABATINO
January 14, 2002
As the airline industry scrambles to meet a Jan. 18 deadline to screen
every checked bag for explosives, security experts, analysts and
government officials are raising serious concerns about the security
of wireless technology that's integral to the effort.
At issue is the adoption by airlines of industry-standard 802.11b, or
WiFi, wireless LANs operating in the 2.4-GHz band. These systems,
which are widely viewed as inherently insecure, are being used to
support such applications as bag matching and curbside and
roving-agent check-in.
The concerns appear to be justified, based on two investigations that
were conducted last week by professional security firms that analyzed
airline wireless LAN systems at Denver International Airport and San
Jose International Airport.
The analysis in Denver was conducted Jan. 9 by White Hat Technologies
Inc., a Westminster, Colo.-based security firm. It revealed that
American Airlines Inc. operated wireless LANs totally in the clear
without any encryption in its portion of the DIA terminal.
The vulnerability of the American Airlines wireless LAN networks was
highlighted by the fact that the security specialists witnessed an
intrusion while conducting their monitoring. According to a report
furnished to Computerworld, security of the wireless LANs supporting
Fort Worth, Texas-based American's curbside check-in stands was
further compromised by the fact that the IP address of the curbside
terminal was prominently pasted on the monitor.
Except for an administrative network operated by the Denver
International Airport authority itself, none of the networks monitored
by the security specialists had turned on even the simplest form of
encryption: the 40-bit Wired Equivalent Privacy encryption algorithm.
Thubten Comerford, CEO of White Hat Technologies, said airlines that
operate unprotected 802.11b wireless networks "are putting themselves
and our nation's security at risk." Even when encryption is enabled,
wireless LANs "are a serious liability," Comerford added.
A scan of wireless networks at San Jose International Airport on Jan.
10 produced similar results. Jonas Luster, co-founder of D-fensive
Networks Inc. in Campbell, Calif., which conducted the analysis in San
Jose, said the wireless LANs there had few safeguards against
Luster said he was easily able to pick up signals and sensitive
network information emanating from the wireless LANs belonging to
American Airlines and Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. American's
curbside check-in operations could be monitored, Luster said, and
Southwest's networks were issuing information from back-end systems,
including at least three Unix servers running the Solaris operating
RIP Weakness
"In a matter of minutes, you could sniff out whatever you wanted,"
said Luster, who added that the routing infrastructure at both
airlines was open to exploitation. Routing Information Protocol (RIP),
a high-level language that transmits routing updates at regular
intervals, can be modified easily to assist a hacker, said Luster. "By
injecting a wrong RIP response, I could declare myself a legitimate,
authoritative, powerful node on the network," said Luster.
Although American acknowledged the vulnerability of the 802.11b
standard, it downplayed the seriousness of the situation.
"This particular issue is a very temporary one and a very
noncompromising one," said American CIO Monte Ford. American is
already on track to roll out a proprietary security system to replace
802.11b well before an industry-standard improvement is adopted, Ford
said. And he added that even if a hacker was able to locate passwords,
he would still be unable to access applications and databases. "A
password is not a free ticket to our network, by any stretch of the
imagination," he said. "They can just see points on the network. They
can't get into applications."
Ford said American doesn't plan to use positive bag matching to meet
the Jan. 18 deadline Congress has set for the airlines to implement
some means of screening all checked baggage. It does plan to start
using a bag-matching system later this year, Ford added.
American Airlines' visibility is at least partly attributable to the
fact that it has been ahead of the curve in wireless LAN deployment.
Delta Air Lines Inc., United Air Lines Inc. and Southwest Airlines all
declined to comment for this story, citing security concerns.
Northwest Airlines Inc. and Continental Airlines Inc. didn't return
calls seeking comment by deadline. In any case, there appears to be no
coordinated effort among the airlines to address wireless security
For its part, American currently uses its wireless LANs only for
curbside check-in and roving agents, and Ford said that even if
intruders penetrated the network, they could do little damage. That's
because American's core systems are hosted by Fort Worth, Texas-based
Sabre Inc. on an IBM transaction processing facility (TPF) system
that's generally viewed as extremely difficult to hack because of the
rigid and arcane structure of TPF.
"It's not possible that you could get into the kinds of things that
could do damage," said Richard Eastman, an airline industry consultant
at Newport Beach, Calif.-based The Eastman Group.
The TPF-based reservation system is a deep matrix, with passwords
embedded in each level, explained Michael Anderson, director of
airport systems at Sabre.
But that doesn't satisfy Joe Weiss, vice president of the network
applications division at Annapolis, Md.-based Aeronautical Radio Inc.
(Arinc), a communications services provider owned by a consortium of
airlines. Weiss said he's concerned that a hacker could use an
unprotected wireless LAN to hop into core airline operational systems.
These systems include flight operations, bag matching and passenger
reservations. Flight operations systems manage such vital functions as
refueling, maintenance and flight dispatch, Weiss said.
Weiss expressed concern that access to a bag-matching system could
allow an attacker to manipulate the system to show that luggage
belonged to a boarded passenger when in fact it did not. This concern
is one reason Arinc plans to abandon the 802.11b-based bag-matching
system it operates as a shared resource system for all carriers with
international flights at San Francisco International Airport. Arinc
said it will switch to a private wireless system operating in the
800-MHz band. That system will be based on Integrated Digital Enhanced
Network (IDEN) voice and data terminals developed by Schaumburg,
Ill.-based Motorola Inc.
IDEN provides more robust security than wireless LANs, Weiss said,
including software keys for each terminal. Arinc plans to encrypt the
network traffic as well.
Presidential Concerns
The security weakness of wireless LANs used throughout the nation's
critical industries, including airlines, hasn't gone unnoticed at high
levels of the Bush administration. A senior White House official said
wireless security initiatives are at the top of the 2002 agenda for
the president's newly established Critical Infrastructure Protection
Board. At least one white paper is in development that will examine
wireless LANs and the interconnections between wireless devices and
critical infrastructure systems, such as Federal Aviation
Administration networks.
The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and two of its key
agencies�the FAA and the newly formed Transportation Security Agency
(TSA)�plan to take a critical look at wireless LAN security over the
next year. Mike Brown, director of information security at the FAA,
said that in this new security-conscious era, airline wireless systems
are subject to increased scrutiny.
The DOT has formed a "go team," led by Associate CIO Lisa Schlosser,
that will examine existing airline wireless systems, including LANs.
In partnership with the FAA, the TSA and private industry, it will
develop security standards and define a general wireless architecture,
Brown said.
Though American Airlines downplayed the vulnerability of its wireless
networks in San Jose and Denver, some security analysts viewed the
potential threat as significant and symptomatic of the airline
industry's failure to properly address network security.
James Foster, a senior consultant and researcher at Guardent Inc., a
security firm in Waltham, Mass., has conducted several wireless
security audits during the past year that have uncovered significant
vulnerabilities in and around major airport facilities, including John
F. Kennedy International Airport in New York and Boston's Logan
International Airport.
"Possible baggage system vulnerabilities do not surprise me," said
Foster. "This is a serious problem that puts lives and the U.S.
infrastructure at risk."
Although he wouldn't provide details about specific airlines, Foster's
wireless security audits have shown that a skilled hacker with the
right software tools would need only seconds to conduct a detailed
reconnaissance of an airline's wireless network.
"Most of the time these [wireless systems] are tied to back-end
systems," Foster said. Regardless of how arcane or proprietary those
networks may be, "it's only a matter of time until somebody figures
out how it works, how it communicates and how people authenticate," he
said. "It would take no more than an hour to figure out how the system
ISN is currently hosted by Attrition.org
To unsubscribe email majordomo at attrition.org with 'unsubscribe isn' in the BODY
of the mail.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-21 06:13:44
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Britons go 'toothing' for sex with strangers 
[Who would have thought a security vulnerability would lead to wild
anonymous sex? :)  - WK]
April 21, 2004
British commuters take note - the respectable person sitting next to
you on the train fumbling with his or her cell phone may be a
"toother" looking for sex with a stranger.
"Toothing" is a new craze where strangers on trains, buses, in bars
and even supermarkets hook up for illicit meetings using messages sent
via the latest in phone technology.
"Toothing is a form of anonymous sex with strangers -- usually on some
form of transport or enclosed area such as a conference or training
seminar," says the Beginner's Guide To Toothing on a website dedicated
to the pursuit.
It is made possible by Bluetooth technology which allows users to send
phone contacts, pictures and messages to other Bluetooth-enabled
equipment over a range of about 10 metres.
Users discovered they could send anonymous messages to people they
didn't know with Bluetooth equipment, spawning a craze dubbed
Jon, aka "Toothy Toothing" and the guide's author, explained toothing
was born after he was "bluejacked" by an unknown girl while commuting
to work in London. After a few days of flirting, she suggested a brief
encounter in a station lavatory.
"The meeting wasn't a romantic thing - it was purely sexual. Barely
anything was said," he said via e-mail.
He said potential toothers begin by sending out a random greeting --
usually "Toothing?".
"If the other party is interested, messages are exchanged until a
suitable location is agreed -- usually a public toilet, although there
are tales of more adventurous spots such as deserted carriages or
staff areas," his guide adds.
Jon, who's in his 20s and works in finance, estimates there could be
tens of thousands of toothers from all sorts of professions and
lifestyles. Certainly the website's message board is busy.
"Any toothing on these trains?" asks one message about services
between Cambridge and London, prompting positive responses from
"Dannyboy" and "Zeke".
"I'll be around London Bridge mainline station around 9.45 - 10am
tomorrow if anyone's interested...," another messager called "Boi"
wrote hopefully.
While some happily recount their successful encounters, others suggest
there are a few teething problems with toothing.
"I tried toothing in Tooting (south London) last night... not a device
to be found," a frustrated "Snowdog" posted sadly.
Although clearly not what the industry had in mind, toothing may lead
operators towards similar, more mainstream projects.
Last month it was reported that a team in Boston had created a service
for cell phones called Serendipity, an wireless alternative to online
It allows subscribers to store their personal details and what they
want from a partner. When there are enough similarities between two
people and they happen to be in the same area, it tells their phones
to communicate with each other.
Dario Betti, of the British-based consultancy Ovum, said bluejacking
had really taken off, helped by the fact the service was free.
"The element of the unknown, that you are connecting to someone around
you that you might not know, it's a novelty factor that is helping it
to start," he said.
If Jon and those who use his forum are right, toothing is certainly
livening up life for some bored commuters.
"A lot of my day's taken up with a soul-aching commute into the city,
and that just feels like dead time," Jon said.
"Flirting is fun, sex is fun. We're just employing expensive, complex
toys to find the most basic form of entertainment."
ISN mailing list
Sponsored by: OSVDB.org
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-26 01:32:57
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Hackers: Under the hood - Peiter Mudge Zatko 
Name: Peiter Mudge Zatko
Handle(s): Mudge, PeiterZ
Marital status: Single
Current residence: New England, USA
Job: Chief Scientist, Intrusic
First computer: Tektronix 4051
Best known for: Creating L0phtCrack
Area(s) of expertise: "Thinking outside of the box"
It's hard to tell if Peiter Mudge Zatko was born eccentric or whether
he's just a stickler for privacy.
Take the response to ZDNet Australia's request for his age as an
example: "[I'm] not trying to be coy, but my age, race, religion,
etcetera, are always items I try not to divulge. The rationale is
probably quite different than what most people infer. It is as
follows: without irrelevant information such as skin colour and the
aforementioned items, people are stripped of data that normally would
encourage functional fixation."
It seems Zatko's brain has been over-clocking from a very young age.
"When I was growing up, around the age of five or so, I couldn't wrap
my head around 'life'.
"The notion of death being an accepted unknown without any further
details drove me bonkers," he told ZDNet Australia.
Some may argue that existentialist dilemmas such as these belong to
adults, or at the very least in the adolescent domain. But Zatko was
introduced to a myriad of advanced concepts at an extremely tender
"In my crib, as an infant, my father sanded down the edges of early
60s-type computer components ... like the face plates of systems with
glowing [amber] numeric 'vacuum tube style' readouts," he recalled.
The way Zatko speaks of him suggests that his father was his mentor in
"I asked my father what he believed in -- what his religious beliefs
were. He refused to tell me. Instead, he started taking me to churches
of different denominations each Sunday and would ask me what my
interpretations were.
"Several years later I came up with my own 'codified' religious
beliefs," Zatko said.
And he's fanatical about getting the job done. "Anything that I do, I
must engross myself in totally," he said.
To Zatko, there's no distinction between work and personal life, and
readily admits that his life knows no balance. "There's also no
difference between business and personal relationships. When I decided
to get into Golden Gloves Boxing and Muay Thai [boxing] it was to
master them. When I deal with computers it is to entirely comprehend
the socio-psychological interactions and weaknesses they introduce,"
he revealed.
His parents, while educated, came from fairly blue-collar backgrounds.
He said his mother "experienced the depression" while his father grew
up working on a farm. As a child, Zatko was given musical training,
and was taught science and mathematics while maintaining a "respect
for manual labour and living off the land".
He still holds dear to his heart the values his parents instilled in
him while growing up. "I was intentionally given freedom and a feeling
of independence at a young age. In looking back the rationale was
obvious: learn decision making and life choices while you are still
able to be protected paternally," he explained. "I watched people self
destruct at the tail-end of high school and in college -- where it was
obvious that that was their first taste of freedom."
In 2000, Zatko was invited to participate in a security summit chaired
by former US President Bill Clinton. "I was afforded the rare
opportunity to hang out with him afterwards and engage in some private
conversations," he said. "I have tons of stories but they're too
As one of the founding members of grey hat outfit L0pht Heavy
Industries -- which later became the foundation for security firm
 -- he was responsible for the creation of L0phtCrack, a product
still sold by L0pht Crack is a simple product and a remarkably affective password
cracker for Windows-based systems. Zatko insists he wrote it to prove
a point and not for commercial reasons.
"When I first created and wrote it, one of the goals was to show that
the Microsoft systems being deployed could not embody 'secure'
encrypted passwords ... not that there were some passwords that were
stronger than others.
"This didn't mean that people should not use Microsoft technology but
rather they should understand where their security perimeters needed
to be in order to take advantage of the [Microsoft] platform without
exposing undue risk to infrastructures," he said.
"Is something like L0phtCrack still useful? Yes. Is this an example of
people misinterpreting what a tool is showing them and potentially
having a false sense of security because of it? Unfortunately, the
answer is again yes," he added.
Zatko believes that example -- the misuse of a tool like L0phtCrack --
applies to many security products. He has some advice to help improve
the situation, though: "Share, be open, communicate, ask questions to
all, share the answers that help you with [everyone], do not think in
black and white, do not hurt others or yourself. Improve the world,
not your own self image -- the former is possible, and the latter is
not accomplished without being a part of the former." -- Patrick Gray
ISN mailing list
Sponsored by: OSVDB.org
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-30 02:30:16
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Mobile flaws expose executives to bugging 
By Steve Boggan
April 30, 2004
EXECUTIVES at some of Britain's biggest companies are using mobile
phones that can be secretly tracked and bugged, despite a series of
Times investigations demonstrating gaping holes in handset security.
During tests at the offices of Shell, BP, HSBC and Goldman Sachs, The
Times identified 95 phones potentially vulnerable to a new form of
hacking known as "bluesnarfing".
Under the process, which threatens mobile phones that use Bluetooth
wireless technology, hackers can download text messages, phone lists
and even remotely tamper with handsets to enable them to be used as
listening devices.
Last week The Times identified 46 phones that could have been
vulnerable to attack during a 12-minute test in the central lobby of
the Palace of Westminster.
During our latest experiment, we had the ability to access the phone
of a Shell employee supplying aviation fuel to aircraft companies and
bug the handsets of chauffeurs driving executives. At the offices of
Shell, a passive scan showed that 19 phones would have accepted an
unauthorised Bluetooth connection. None was made, to avoid
infringement of the Computer Misuse Act.
Of these, 13 were Nokias and five were Ericssons. The Nokia 6310 and
6310i, the most popular business phones in the UK, and the Ericsson
T610, one of the best-selling picture phones, have proved to be the
most insecure.
Outside, a group of chauffeurs were waiting in seven identical and
consecutively-numbered Volvos. An attack on any of their phones would
have allowed us to set up a divert to a handset of our choice. We
could then have instructed their phones to call us secretly, leaving a
channel open through which we could have heard executives
conversations in the cars.
At BPs office in St Jamess Square, Westminster, we identified 24
potentially vulnerable phones while at Goldman Sachs in Fleet Street,
the figure was 35 phones.
We scanned in a smoking area outside the offices of HSBC in Canary
Wharf during a ten-minute period. Seventeen potentially vulnerable
phones were identified.
The latest cause for concern involving the Nokia 6310s and Sony
Ericsson T610s involves secret tracking. Commercial companies offer
phone tracking services to businesses and individuals who want to
locate sales forces quickly. An SMS message is sent to the relevant
mobile phone with an activation code. Once activated, the phones
location is shown on an internet website map.
Bluesnarfing allows the activation code to be diverted to an attacker,
so that an account is set up without the handset owners knowledge. He
or she could then be tracked, without their knowledge, 24 hours a day.
Nokia admits there are problems with its 6310s and 8910s but says it
is working on a solution that will be available to users from this
summer. Sony Ericsson says it has cured the text message and divert
problems in new phones but phone lists, calendars and pictures can
still be accessed. It promises a cure for that problem in the second
half of the year.
Shell and BP said they never commented on security; Goldman Sachs was
aware of the problem and had issued advice to staff; and HSBC said its
technical staff were looking into the problem.
ISN mailing list
Sponsored by: OSVDB.org
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-08-12 02:13:41
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Hack . . . hack back . . . repeat 
By Rodney Thayer
Network World
LAS VEGAS - Capture the flag might be only a game, but it was serious
business at DefCon, the world's largest annual computer hacker
convention. For 36 straight hours, eight teams of experienced hackers
and serious security professionals played predator and prey as they
tried to hack into competitors' networks while defending their own.
 From my front-row seat as a member of the winning team, Sk3wl of R00t
(hacker slang for "School of Root," where "root" refers to gaining
administrator access to a system), I got a bird's-eye view of how new
- and not so new - attacks could be launched and thwarted.
Each qualified team playing the game - organized by a Seattle security
community group called the Ghetto Hackers - controlled a pair of
Windows machines running a variety of network and Web-based services
that were connected to each other and a central scoring mechanism
called the Scorebot via a Gigabit Ethernet network. Rest assured, this
hacker network was not connected to the Internet.
As soon as the doors to the secluded hacker playground disguised as a
hotel ballroom were opened at 10 a.m. July 30, the air was tense in
this crowded room. The game scenario and the legitimately purchased
Windows images were presented to participants two hours before the
official noon start time. How would you like to have to lock down two
Windows boxes in just two hours as you started to recognize that there
were world-class exploit developers in the room - and on your network?
A team scored by attacking rivals' servers and stealing flags (data
strings stored within the servers). The successful hacker then
presented the stolen flags to the scoring system for credit. The
overall score was a combination of credit for attacking other teams'
servers and successfully defending your own services. Penalties were
issued for excessive consumption of bandwidth, so simple port scans
and brute force attacks were not used, and denial-of-service attacks
were forbidden.
In the middle of the room sat the Ghetto Hackers' gear, necessary for
keeping the game within bounds and blasting loud techno music for the
entire 36-hour ride. We'd trained for the competition in small
conference rooms with similar tunes blaring as white noise to
desensitize. But by the time it was 2 a.m., and you were staring at a
network trace flying by on a screen, you noticed that your heartbeat
and your breathing synchronized with the music and the packet traffic.
At that point, it was time to take a walk.
At the beginning everyone was organized with their supplies. Our
cooler was stocked with ice and Coke. As time dragged on, people
started bringing in food and drinks. At first we were organized and
sent out someone for bread and cold cuts. But by the middle of Day Two
we gave up and started ordering pizza. We stuck with soda for the most
part, but as the contest wore on, a beer or two appeared. As we
scanned the room (discreetly, of course) we saw the other teams
behaving the same way if not more so. One team had a steadily draining
bottle of Southern Comfort on top of its server.
The Ghetto Hackers' full-length equipment rack was ornamented by a
large, red, wooden arch in the style of a Japanese archway complete
with Asian script. Our Japanese language expert slunk over for a
closer look and determined the writing on the wall to be complete
gibberish, with no hidden message to help us crack the code.
Each team carefully arranged its equipment - everything from laptop
Macs to Cisco switches, some piled 3 feet high on the allotted two
tables - around the periphery of the room. Teams were supposed to have
a maximum of 15 members, but no one stuck to that upper limit as the
flow in and out of the room easily boosted each roster to more than 20
The ground rules I agreed to dictate that I not divulge individuals'
identities. But in general terms I can say the teams included at least
two CTOs; security professionals from Ernst & Young, AOL and the
University of California at Santa Barbara; and well-known and unknown
hackers. Additionally, at least four teams had members hailing from
the U.S. Department of Defense.
We mostly kept to ourselves and minimized visible screen space to
avoid becoming vulnerable to "shoulder surfing" or other forms of
You also had to do some reconnaissance to sniff out any secret deals
being cut to share or trade information among teams. Think "Survivor,"
when it was good.
There wasn't exactly a book on how to organize your team or set
strategy for this sort of thing. But our winning strategy as a team
was organization. We organized everything from a rotating "cat nap"
schedule to divvying up jobs along lines of expertise.
Because offense was 80% of the overall score, you had to maintain
support for your front-line attackers. The trick was to not ignore
your defenses. If your defenses slipped, other teams could get in and
score. As the Ghetto Hackers pointed out at the awards ceremony, we
were solid attackers - not significantly better than other teams - but
we had very good defense and were able to keep other teams from
stealing flags from us.
Most attacks we saw were levied against information in the database.
Someone would figure out how to run the Wiki (a piece of server
software that lets users freely create and edit Web page content using
any Web browser) and do some obscure set of queries that would reveal
flag data. Or someone would go into the Multi-User Dungeon, online
game environments that use a great deal of bandwidth, and figure out
if you walked north through the forest just the right way you'd be
able to pick up a flag.
We saw many failed attacks. Someone tried to buffer overflow the Web
server with 800,000-byte null packets. Someone else tried to go after
SNMP services to gain entry. Teams even attempted to capture their
incoming Scorebot traffic and replay that same traffic in the
direction of our machines in the hopes that our services would mistake
them for the actual Scorebot and give up flags to them.
If I were to apply my experiences to a more everyday situation than
what was taking place at the off-the-strip Alexis Park hotel, five
points would bubble to the top of the security cauldron:
Unsecure, unnecessary services - such as terminal services and SNMP -
are running on most Windows machines. You've got to take care to shut
down or firewall all unnecessary ports used by these services.
* Passwords are revealed frequently. To defend against this,
  periodically change all passwords, including those that give access
  to Web services and databases.
* Customized Web applications typically leak critical information. To
  defend against this, applications must be modified so they do not
  have commands that give too much information without proper
  authorization or let users modify objects out of turn.
* Unmonitored services are dangerously open to attack. Watch your logs
  like a hawk.
* Hack attacks happen. Be very, very afraid.
Thayer is principal investigator with Canola & Jones, a security
research firm in Mountain View, Calif. He can be reached at
rodney at canola-jones.com.
Thanks to the Ghetto Hackers for running a great contest. They put
together a complex game and made it run under very stressful
conditions and it worked great. Thanks also to Sk3wl of R00t for
letting me join in.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-08-12 02:18:19
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Hackers download SIUE data, police say 
By Trisha Howard
Of the Post-Dispatch
The names and passport information of more than 500 foreign students
at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville was illegally downloaded
last week by a fellow student at the school, according to a search
warrant filed Wednesday by university police.
Greg Conroy, an SIUE spokesman, said Wednesday that three students had
been questioned Friday after university officials discovered the
security breach.
Conroy said he expected the university to seek criminal charges in the
The search warrant, filed in Madison County Circuit Court, said that
the hacker downloaded the information from a special database set up
to comply with provisions of the federal Patriot Act. The data
included names, dates of birth, Social Security numbers and visa
information, Sgt. Marty Tieman of the SIUE Police Department said in
his affidavit.
Conroy said that employees in the university's Office of Information
Technology found out about the breach on Friday while doing their
daily check of activity logs. The log showed that someone had
downloaded the information early that morning.
Computer experts then tracked the computer to one of three students
who share an apartment at Cougar Village, Conroy said. On Friday
afternoon, police seized three computers from the apartment and
questioned the three students, Conroy said.
Tieman said in his affidavit that police were greeted at the door by
one of the three students, who admitted that he had seen his roommate
access the server and download the information.
Conroy said that officials had not yet determined a motive.
"For all I know, these students could have been doing this as a
prank," Conroy said. "At this point, I don't know what they wanted to
do with the information."
Conroy said investigators from a Metro East law enforcement computer
task force were examining all three computers for evidence.
He emphasized that the system does not allow hackers to change vital
information. But he said that the breach was possible because an
employee had failed to disable a feature that gives people access to
the system without a password.
"The students were scanning the system, they found the flaw, and they
started downloading files," Conroy said. "It's an unfortunate mistake,
but it happened."
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-01 05:10:19
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Universities struggling with SSL-busting spyware 
By Paul Roberts
IDG News Service
U.S. universities are struggling with a flare-up of dangerous spyware
that can snoop on information encrypted using SSL. Experts are warning
that the stealthy software, called Marketscore, could be used to
intercept a wide range of sensitive information, including passwords
and health and financial data.
In recent weeks, information technology departments at a number of
universities issued warnings about problems caused by the Marketscore
software, which promises to speed up Web browsing. The program, which
routes all user traffic through its own network of servers, poses a
real threat to user privacy, security experts agree.
Columbia University, Cornell University, Indiana University, The State
University of New York (SUNY) at Albany, and The Pennsylvania State
University are among those noting an increase in the number of systems
running Marketscore software in recent weeks. Each institution warned
their users about Marketscore and posted instructions for removing the
The software is bundled with iMesh peer-to-peer software, and may have
made it onto university networks that way, said David Escalante,
director of computer security at Boston College.
The company that makes the software, Marketscore, has headquarters in
Reston, Va., at the same mailing address as online behavior tracking
company comScore Networks. ComScore Networks did not respond to
repeated requests for comment.
Reports of infected systems on campuses ranged from a handful up to
about 200 on one large campus network, Escalante said.
Marketscore is just the latest incarnation of a spyware program called
Netsetter, which first appeared in January, said Sam Curry, vice
president of eTrust Security Management at Computer Associates.
"Basically it takes all your Web traffic and forces it through its own
proxy servers," he said.
Ostensibly, the redirection speeds up Web surfing, because pages
cached on Marketscore's servers load faster than they would if they
were served directly from the actual Web servers for sites such as
Google.com or Yahoo.com. However, those performance benefits have been
"People who have installed the software complain to us that they're
not getting any improvement," Curry said.
Richard Smith, an independent software consultant in Boston, is also
skeptical of performance improvement claims made by Marketscore and
others, especially since many Internet service providers already offer
Web caching for their dial-up customers, he said in an e-mail message.
At Cornell, the university IT Security Office blocked connections
between Cornell's network and the Marketscore servers, according to a
message posted on the university's Web site. Administrators at SUNY
Albany took similar steps, according to a message posted on that
university's Web site.
While other legal software programs make similar claims about
improving Web browsing speed as Marketscore, Internet security experts
are troubled that the software creates its own trusted certificate
authority on computers. That certificate authority intercepts Web
communications secured using SSL, decrypting that traffic, then
sending it to the Marketscore servers before encrypting the traffic
and passing it along to its final destination. That traffic could
include sensitive information, including passwords, credit card and
Social Security numbers, Curry said.
Marketscore should be a big concern for companies -- especially those
like banks with employees who handle sensitive data, Escalante said.
"I don't know how good it is for parties on either end of a
transaction to have a third party listening in," he said.
If nothing else, all the extra decrypting and encrypting slows down
SSL traffic, casting doubt on Marketscore's claims to be an Internet
accelerator, Smith said.
CA's eTrust anti-virus software labeled Marketscore "spyware" up until
June of this year, but stopped doing so after Marketscore appealed
that designation using an established vendor appeal process, he said.
CA is currently re-evaluating the "spyware" designation using a
complicated, multifactor scoring system. The software is less
repugnant than its predecessor, Netsetter, which did not clearly
disclose to users what it did when installed and made itself difficult
to remove.
Marketscore is better on both those counts, clearly stating both in
the end user license agreement and during the installation process
what the product does, and providing users with an easy uninstall
program. CA considers Marketscore an example of a new breed of
software that lies in the gray area between spyware and legitimate
software, Curry said.
"Under the old definition, (Marketscore) clearly qualified as spyware.
But there are new categories emerging," he said.
While Marketscore clearly tracks user behavior, it doesn't hijack Web
browser home pages, spew pop-up advertisements or conceal its
presence, like earlier generations of spyware did, Curry said.
"There's more granularity. Companies have responded and ... are adding
benefits and value to these programs. We're looking at ways to more
accurately identify this," he said.
Perhaps trying to increase its appeal, Marketscore is now advertising
itself as an e-mail protection service, in addition to an Internet
accelerator. According to the Marketscore.com Web site, members will
receive Symantec's CarrierScan Server anti-virus technology at no
However, that promise doesn't sit well with Symantec, which said it
has no relationship with Marketscore and, in fact, considers the
software "spyware," said Genevieve Haldeman, a company spokeswoman.
"We don't have relationships with companies that make software we
consider malicious," she said. Symantec is considering legal action to
force Marketscore to stop using its name and logo on the
Marketscore.com Web site, she said.
Spyware or not, the lesson of Marketscore is that "if it sounds too
good to be true, it probably is," Curry said.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-15 02:27:10
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Done the crime, now it's Mitnick's time 
By Patrick Gray
December 14, 2004
After a five-month delay, the Department of Immigration has granted
the world's most notorious convicted cyber-criminal, Kevin Mitnick, a
visa to travel to Australia next year to consult to local companies,
accept speaking engagements and promote his new book, scheduled for
release in March.
It will be Mitnick's first visit to Australia and one of his few trips
outside the US and Europe.
Mitnick spent more than five years in jail for his exploits, which
included hacking into Motorola, Novell, Fujitsu, Sun Microsystems and
Nokia to steal software code. Since his release in 2000, he has worked
as a security consultant and written two books, The Art of Deception
[1] and The Art of Intrusion [2].
Mitnick will fly to Melbourne on March 2 to deliver a keynote speech
to an as yet unnamed company. He will fly back to the US the following
week to start a book tour, returning to Australia in April to conduct
a workshop.
Mitnick is best known for his uncanny ability to trick employees into
revealing sensitive information, a technique called "social
He cites the theft of two customs computers from Sydney International
Airport by three men in August last year as one example of a social
engineering attack in Australia.
"A lot of companies in Australia are vulnerable," Mitnick says. "That
was a pure social engineering attack. We all know they weren't after
the hardware, they were after the data."
Both of Mitnick's books are about security but many people will be
more eager to read the one he plans to start writing on January 21,
2007, when a court order that stops him from profiting from his crimes
"I'm definitely doing an autobiography," he says. "It's going to focus
on the adventure, the things I did when I was a fugitive, how I lived
my life and what was going through my head, the close calls nobody
knows about. It will be the Catch Me If You Can of cyberspace."
Catch Me If You Can [3] was an autobiography written in 1980 by Frank
Abagnale jnr, a con man who passed himself off as a Pan Am pilot while
forging $US2.5 million in fake cheques.
There have been books written about Mitnick's exploits, most famously
Takedown, written by New York Times journalist John Markoff and
Tsutomo Shimomura, one of Mitnick's victims, which was made into a
But Mitnick says the real story hasn't been told. He has been
portrayed as the "Osama bin-Mitnick of the internet", he says, and he
wants to set the record straight. Mitnick launched a legal action
against the producers of the Takedown movie, which was settled out of
Although Mitnick spent two years on the run from the FBI in the US
living under assumed names, he doesn't expect law enforcement to take
much interest in his travels these days.
"The only time they call me is when they need my help," Mitnick says.
"They don't contact me because they're suspicious I'm doing anything
Mitnick has just finished a vulnerability assessment of a US credit
union. Much of his work involves technical testing and doesn't rely on
his mastery of social engineering.
"I'm doing vulnerability penetration tests, I'm going into companies
and hardening their systems and network," he says. "It's all
technical, no social engineering."
A penetration test is work well suited to Mitnick's talents. Similar
to the fictional hackers in the 1992 movie, Sneakers, for a fee, he
breaks into companies' networks, submitting a report detailing
security weaknesses and vulnerabilities.
Before his release, Mitnick had never been out of the US, with the
exception of Canada and Mexico.
As much as he enjoys seeing the world, Mitnick confesses he is afraid
of flying.
"I hate to fly, man, I hate it. I have to get some sleeping pills to
knock me out."
[1] [2] [3] Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-16 01:01:50
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] An Indonesian's Prison Memoir Takes Holy War Into Cyberspace 
Forwarded From: wk at c4i.org (William Knowles)
By Alan Sipress
Washington Post Foreign Service
December 14, 2004
JAKARTA, Indonesia -- After Imam Samudra was charged with engineering
the devastating Bali nightclub bombings two years ago, he taunted his
police accusers in court, then greeted his death sentence with the
cry, "Infidels die!"
So when Samudra published a jailhouse autobiography this fall, it was
not surprising that it contained virulent justifications for the Bali
attacks, which killed 202 people, most of them foreign tourists.
But tucked into the back of the 280-page book is a chapter of an
entirely different cast titled "Hacking, Why Not?" There, Samudra
urges fellow Muslim radicals to take the holy war into cyberspace by
attacking U.S. computers, with the particular aim of committing credit
card fraud, called "carding." The chapter then provides an outline on
how to get started.
The primer on carding is rudimentary, according to U.S. and Indonesian
cybercrime experts, but they said the chapter provides a rare glimpse
into the mounting threat posed by terrorists using Internet fraud to
finance their operations.
"The worry is that an army of people doing cybercrime could raise a
great deal of money for other activities that terrorists are carrying
out," said Alan Paller, research director of the Sans Institute, a
U.S. Internet-security training company.
Samudra, 34, is among the most technologically savvy members of Jemaah
Islamiah, an underground Islamic radical movement in Southeast Asia
that is linked to al Qaeda. He sought to fund the Bali attacks in part
through online credit card fraud, according to Indonesian police. They
said Samudra's laptop computer revealed an attempt at carding, but it
was unclear whether he had succeeded.
Internet crime experts said Samudra's book seems unprecedented as a
tool for recruiting radical Muslims into a campaign of online fraud
and building networks of fundraisers.
"This is exactly the kind of advice you would give someone who wanted
to get started in cybercrime," said Paller, who reviewed a translation
of the chapter. "It doesn't focus on a specific technique, but focuses
on how you find techniques and focuses on connecting with other people
to act loosely together."
Titled "Me Against the Terrorist!" the book depicts Samudra on the
cover in a now-classic pose from his trial last year in Bali. He is
clad in a white shirt and white Muslim skullcap, with his right arm
outstretched and a single finger raised as he lectures the judges.
Four thousand copies in Indonesian have been issued by a small
publisher and are selling for about $4 each in at least seven cities
across the islands of Java and Sumatra, said Achmad Michdan, Samudra's
attorney, who wrote the forward. Michdan said the publisher is
planning a second run and is considering translating the book into
English, French and Arabic. Profits benefit Samudra's wife and
children. Samudra remains on death row.
Most of the book is a memoir that tracks Samudra from his early
schooling in Java, through his arms training in the Afghan mountains,
his exile in Malaysia and his return to Indonesia. It includes
arguments for killing Western civilians and bitter critiques of U.S.
policy in Israel, Afghanistan and Iraq, including photographs of
Muslim civilian casualties.
Toward the end, Samudra informs readers that the United States is not
as invincible as they might think.
"It would not be America if the country were secure. It would not be
America if its computer network were impenetrable," he writes at the
beginning of the hacking chapter. He continues by urging fellow
militants to exploit this opening: "Any man-made product contains
weakness because man himself is a weak creature. So it is with the
Americans, who boast they are a strong nation."
The chapter is less a how-to manual than a course of study for
aspiring hackers and carders. Samudra directs them to specific
Indonesian-language Web sites that provide instruction. For those who
find these sites too sophisticated, he counsels first learning
computer programming languages, in particular Linux, and suggests
several other Web sites, including one run by young Muslims. Then he
advises learning about hacking by finding mentors through online
chats. He lists six chat rooms as sources.
Next, Samudra discusses the process of scanning for Web sites
vulnerable to hacking, then moves on to a three-page discussion on the
basics of online credit card fraud and money laundering.
"This is hacking for dummies," said Evan F. Kohlmann, a U.S.
consultant on international terrorism who also reviewed the chapter.
"But in this day and age, you don't have to be an expert hacker to
have a tremendous impact."
Kohlmann and other cyberterrorism experts said the kind of online
fraud preached by Samudra is becoming increasingly attractive as a
source of funding for al Qaeda operatives in several regions of the
One of the chief hazards posed by Samudra's book is that it could
direct religious extremists into the company of more accomplished
hackers. Indonesian police assert their country now has more online
credit card fraud than any other in the world.
"If you succeed at hacking and get into carding, be ready to make more
money within three to six hours than the income of a policeman in six
months," Samudra tells his readers. "But don't do it just for the sake
of money."
He adds, "Remember, the main duty of Muslims is jihad in the name of
God, to raise arms against the infidels, especially now the United
States and its allies."
Samudra had first sought to finance the Bali nightclub attacks by
ordering the robbery of a shop selling gold jewelry in western Java.
The heist allegedly netted five pounds of gold and $500. Then he
turned to more lucrative targets on the Internet, police and
prosecutors said.
At Samudra's trial, police testified that his computer had been used
to communicate in chat rooms with others involved in online credit
card fraud and contained information on ways to obtain credit card
Petrus Reinhard Golose, head of cybercrimes investigations for the
Indonesian police, said in an interview that Samudra had asked for
religious permission to conduct carding from Abubakar Baasyir, the
radical cleric and alleged head of Jemaah Islamiah now on trial in
Jakarta in connection with terrorist bombings, including the one in
Bali. Golose said police did not know whether Baasyir had blessed
Samudra's Internet activities.
Special correspondent Noor Huda Ismail contributed to this report.
"Communications without intelligence is noise;  Intelligence
without communications is irrelevant." Gen Alfred. M. Gray, USMC
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-12-22 02:23:59
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] REVIEW: "Malicious Cryptography", Adam L. Young/Moti Yung 
Forwarded from: "Rob, grandpa of Ryan, Trevor, Devon & Hannah"
BKMLCRPT.RVW   20041012
"Malicious Cryptography", Adam L. Young/Moti Yung, 2004,
0-7645-4975-8, U$45.00/C$64.99/UK
%A   Adam L. Young
%A   Moti Yung
%C   5353 Dundas Street West, 4th Floor, Etobicoke, ON   M9B 6H8
%D   2004
%G   0-7645-4975-8
%I   John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
%O   U$45.00/C$64.99/UK 416-236-4433 fax: 416-236-4448
%O    %O   %P   392 p.
%T   "Malicious Cryptography: Exposing Cryptovirology"
Both the foreword and the introduction are turgid, and bloated with
excessive verbiage, while never giving a clear indication of what the
book is actually about.  Does it have to do with viruses at all?  Is
it about the use of cryptography in any kind of criminal or unethical
endeavour?  The initial material does not make this clear.
Occasionally the text becomes so flowery that sentences have no
meaning at all.
The lack of clarity is not assisted by the creation of new and
idiosyncratic terms, or the use of existing jargon in non-standard
ways.  In chapter one, a fictional and glacially slow trip through the
mind of a virus writer, we are told that self-checking modules that
some programs use to detect modification in their own code are
"beneficial Trojans" or "battleprogs."  The term multipartite is
defined in such a way that merely copying the program into RAM (Random
Access Memory) qualifies: that would make every virus ever written,
and every program, for that matter, multipartite.  "Kleptogram" is
used throughout the book, but only defined (and not very clearly) in
the last chapter.  Releasing any virus is seen as having something to
do with "information warfare," which would agree with many
sensationalistic journalists who have written on the subject, but
would probably surprise legitimate experts such as Dorothy Denning.
"Virology" itself (and the more specialized "cryptovirology") is an
excellent term for computer virus research--it just isn't used very
widely.  There is a glossary: it defines commonly known terms and does
not define the specialized jargon that the authors have used.
The confusion is not limited to terminology.  There is no technical
sense to the statement (on page twenty five) that a certain layer of
the network stack is "high enough to facilitate rapid software
development" (compilers don't care where their software ends up) but
low enough to escape detection (files, processes, and network packets
are all visible).  A disk locking program, as described, would have no
effect on the operations of a remote access trojan.  And, of course,
our fictional protagonist is constantly creating new versions of the
mythical "undetectable" virus, without there being any indication of
how this might be done.
(The fictional aspects of the book are not limited to chapter one.
Throughout the work, examples are taken from fiction: it certainly
feels like more illustrations come from works like "Shockwave Rider"
and "Alien" than from real life.)
Chapter two starts to get a bit better.  The authors introduce the
idea of using asymmetric cryptography in order to create a virus (or
other piece of malware) that, rather than merely destroying data,
provides for a reversible denial of access to data, and therefore the
possibility of extortion.  The idea is academically interesting, but
there might be a few practical details to be worked out.
Chapter three seems to move further into the academic realm, with an
interesting overview of issues in regard to the generation of random,
or pseudorandom, numbers.  There is also an initial exploration of
anonymity, with an insufficient description of "mix networks" (onion
routing being one example).  A little more discussion of anonymity
starts off chapter four, which then moves on to another use of
asymmetric cryptography in malware: the "deniable" recovery of stolen
information, via distribution over public channels.  Cryptocounters,
which could be used to store generational or other information about
the spread of a virus, without such data being accessible to virus
researchers, are discussed in chapter five.  Chapter six looks at
aspects of searching for, and retrieving, information without
disclosing the fact that an exploration is occurring.  However, much
of the material appears to be some highly abstract solutions rather
desperately in search of problems.  Varying the extortion scenario,
chapter seven proposes a viral network that could retaliate for
disinfection of any node by threatening disclosure of sensitive
information.  While the analysis of the structure of the attack is
sound, the assumption of payoffs, coercion, and undetectability leave
something to be desired.
Chapter eight examines the standard antiviral processes (signature
scanning, activity monitoring, and change detection) with some
miscellaneous explorations, although the discussion is prejudiced by
the assumption that we are dealing with traditional (and no longer
widely used) file infectors.  Trojan horse programs are not terribly
well defined in chapter nine.  (I was amused at the disclaimer given
when the issue of "salami" scams was raised: I have found reliable
evidence for only one, extremely minor, instance of the device.)
Subliminal channels are means of passing information via cryptographic
keys, but chapter ten is not very clear in regard to their use.
SETUPs (Secretly Embedded Trapdoor with Universal Protection) are
discussed in chapter eleven, although the authors appear to admit that
this is only an academic exercise: there are easier attacks.  Another
form is discussed in chapter twelve.
Does this book fulfill its function?  That rather depends on what the
intent of the work was, which is far from clear.  Was the text
intended to be a reference for some interesting topics in
cryptography?  The verbiage and lack of structure would be a
difficulty for those seeking to use it so.  Is the publication
directed at the general public?  The audience of those who read number
theoretical manuscripts for fun might be a bit limited.  (I've got to
say that "Algebraic Aspects of Cryptography" [cf. BKALASCR.RVW] was an
easier read, and it makes no pretence of being other than an
scholastic paper.)
Is the volume supposed to be a serious warning against new forms of
malware?  The inclusion of a great deal of extraneous content and the
lack of clear explanations or examples of some basic concepts limit
the value of the work in this regard.  In addition, much of the
material concentrates on building more malign malware, rather than
dealing with defence against it.  (I'm not too worried about vxers
getting ideas from Young and Yung: implementing crypto properly is a
painstaking task, and from almost twenty years experience of studying
blackhat products and authors, I'm fairly sure there'd be lots of bugs
in what might be released.  On the other hand, somebody in a
government office might be working on Magic Lantern version 3.01 ...)
For those seriously involved in the study of viruses and malware this
book has some interesting points that should be examined, but little
of practical use.  For ardent students of cryptography, the work notes
some interesting areas of work.  For those seeking examples of writing
styles to emulate, please look elsewhere.
copyright Robert M. Slade, 2004   BKMLCRPT.RVW   20041012
======================  (quote inserted randomly by Pegasus Mailer)
rslade at vcn.bc.ca      slade at victoria.tc.ca      rslade at sun.soci.niu.edu
        I'm out of my mind, but feel free to leave a message.
    or    Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-23 03:15:25
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Robbers' quandary: Getting rid of the cash 
By Gavin Stamp
BBC News business reporter
22 December, 2004
Pulling off one of the largest and most daring cash robberies of all
time is one thing.
Disposing successfully of the loot and enjoying the benefits is
another matter.
For the criminals who have made off with more than  from the
headquarters of Northern Bank in Belfast, the problems may only just
be beginning.
Firstly, they will have to contend with the huge worldwide publicity
that their heist has generated.
'Massive headache'
Police in the United Kingdom and across Europe will be hot on their
trail while shopkeepers from Ballymena to Brighton will be alert to
any large or unusual purchases for the next few weeks.
Secondly, the sheer size of the robbers' hoard could turn out to be a
millstone around their necks.
Getting rid of  without causing huge suspicion is likely to tax
even the most resourceful and determined of criminal minds.
Not only do the stolen notes each have their own serial number, making
them easy to identify but the majority are denominated in Northern
Ireland currency.
Although this is accepted throughout the United Kingdom, far fewer
notes of this type tend to be in circulation outside Northern Ireland,
making any effort to disperse them in England more risky.
"They have a massive headache," says John Horan, a money laundering
expert with accountants Harbinson Mulholland. "To some extent, they
have been the victims of their own success."
Furthermore, the laws governing reporting of suspicious money flows
have been tightened up over the past two years, making it far harder
for the criminals to discreetly invest their loot in a piece of real
estate or an Old Master.
Suspicious minds
While banks have always had a legal responsibility to report
suspicions of potential money laundering, the Proceeds of Crime Act
passed in 2003 has extended this obligation to a whole raft of
businesses and professionals.
"If they're thinking of buying property, that's a bad idea because
property developers, estate agents and conveyancing lawyers are
regulated and all have an obligation to report their suspicions," says
Mr Horan.
"Thinking of buying a Matisse or a nice Rembrandt? That's a bad idea
too because high value dealers such as auction houses are also
The robbers still have a number of options, money laundering experts
agree, although they are limited.
If they plan to keep the money within the United Kingdom without
resorting to burying it, setting up a front company is the most likely
"They can set up a fake company which can be used to nominally provide
services and invoices for those services," says Trevor Mascarenhas, a
partner at Phillipsohn Crawfords Berwald, a law firm specialising in
fraud and money laundering.
"They can then take the cash and put it through the system, paying tax
on what they purport to provide and try to legitimise the money."
Overseas options
To do this successfully, says Mr Horan, they would need the assistance
of an expert money launderer who would expect to take a major cut of
the proceeds.
More likely, however, is that the robbers will attempt to smuggle the
money out of United Kingdom in multiple consignments so as not to
jeopardise the entire haul.
Drug laundering organisations in South America and Russian criminal
gangs operating across Europe may provide a ready conduit for the
money, channelling it through banks willing not to ask too many
According to Ian Hopkins, a senior consultant with corporate
investigators Carratu International, Colombia is one destination the
robbers may consider.
"There are places like that which are not too concerned where the
money comes from. There are banks which will take their 2% to 3% and
deal with the rest of the money."
The money could even ultimately find its way back into the British
economy through offshore businesses and accounts.
Whatever the fate of the money, most experts believe the robbers may
have taken on more than they can chew.
"I would be very surprised if they expected to steal  says Mr
Hopkins. "It is like the Great Train Robbery. They are likely to be
surprised and not a little panicked about how much they have got."
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-12-31 04:30:34
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Online Banks Will Be Liable for 'Hacking' Damages in 2006 
Park Jong-se
Dec. 30, 2004
Starting from 2006, financial institutions will be held responsible
for any damage consumers may suffer at the hands of hackers or from
malfunctioning computer systems while engaging in financial
transactions on the Internet.
The government adopted a financial e-transaction bill during a vice
ministerial meeting Thursday. The bill will be discussed at a Cabinet
meeting scheduled for Jan. 4 before being submitted to the National
According to the bill, if consumers incur damages or loss while
engaging in e-banking because of an incident caused by a third factor,
such as a case of hacking or computer system meltdowns, financial
institutions or e-banking service providers will be liable.
An exception that grants financial institutions immunity is also
included in the bill. If consumers cause a problem deliberately or by
their own mistakes, they will be held accountable.
The bill states that consumers' identification number, secret code and
certified document, all of which are essential prerequisites for
e-banking, should be issued only when consumers apply for them and
after their identity has been confirmed. It also mandates that
transaction records should be kept.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-07-20 07:12:55
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Stolen code shop back in business - on Usenet 
Paul Roberts
IDG News Service
An online group claiming to have the source code for two popular
computer programs for sale opened its doors for business again on
An e-mail message that claims to come from "larry hobbles" and the
Source Code Club was sent to the Full-Disclosure security discussion
list. The message said that the group has moved operations to Usenet,
the network of online bulletin boards that makes up part of the
Internet, where interested customers can buy the source code for the
Dragon intrusion detection system (IDS) software from Enterasys
Networks Inc. and peer-to-peer server and client software from Napster
LLC, now owned by Roxio Inc.
The club made headlines last week after posting messages to online
discussion groups that advertised a Web site selling the source code
and design documents for Dragon and Napster. By Thursday, the group's
Web page displayed a message saying the club had ceased operations due
to "fears our customers faced."
A subsequent "newsletter" from the club dated July 17 and posted to
the Usenet group alt.gap.international.sales at 10:28 PM Pacific
Standard Time called Usenet the "official home" of the Source Code
Club and said the informal network was "better suited" to the club and
would give potential customers two ways to contact club members:
through a club e-mail address and through messages posted in the
Usenet group.
The newsletter claims that the Source Code Club soon hopes to go
underground and stop offering code for sale in public, but is offering
the Dragon and Napster code "to authenticate our skills." The
Enterasys code would allow purchasers to understand the "secrets
behind Dragon," whereas the Napster code could give "any company
interested in breaking into the online music industry" a jump-start,
the newsletter said.
The club also expressed regret for the "public fiasco that ensues when
you publicly offer source code," an apparent reference to media
attention to the group's unveiling.
The club also posted instructions for potential customers to purchase
the stolen code.
Customers are encouraged to contact the group using e-mail and PGP
(Pretty Good Privacy) encryption to disguise their requests. Source
code for the Dragon software was priced at US$16,000 and Napster for
$10,000, with payments made through one of a number of online payment
services. Those wary of sending money to the club have the option of
buying the source code in $500 increments to build confidence.
Enterasys is working with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and
reviewing the club's claims. The company claims that its product code
was lifted off stolen media, such as a compact disc or computer hard
drive, rather than stolen directly from its computer network,
according to Kevin Flanagan, an Enterasys spokesman.
A Napster spokeswoman said last week that while Roxio owns the rights
to the original Napster code being sold by the club, the current
Napster online service does not use any code from the original, free
music swapping service and is not affected by the alleged theft.
Help InfoSec News with a donation: --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-05-19 07:20:30
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Safe and insecure 
By Micah Joel
May 18, 2004
Last week, I turned off all the security features of my wireless
router. I removed WEP encryption, disabled MAC address filtering and
made sure the SSID was being broadcast loud and clear. Now, anyone
with a wireless card and a sniffer who happens by can use my
connection to access the Internet. And with DHCP logging turned off,
there's really no way to know who's using it.
What's wrong with me? Haven't I heard about how malicious wardrivers
can use my connection from across the street to stage their hacking
operations? How my neighbors can steal my bandwidth so they don't have
to pay for their own? How I'm exposing my home network to attacks from
the inside? Yup.
So why am I doing this? In a word, privacy. By making my Internet
connection available to any and all who happen upon it, I have no way
to be certain what kinds of songs, movies and pictures will be
downloaded by other people using my IP address. And more important, my
ISP has no way to be certain if it's me.
In mid-April, Comcast sent letters to some of its subscribers claiming
that their IP addresses had been used to download copyrighted movies.
Since Comcast is not likely to improve customer satisfaction and
retention with this strategy, it's probable the letter was a result of
pressure from the Motion Picture Association of America or one of its
members. And to Comcast's credit, it stopped short of direct
accusation; instead it gives users an out. Says the letter, "If you
believe in good faith that the allegedly infringing works have been
removed or blocked by mistake or misidentification, then you may send
a counter notification to Comcast."
That's good enough for me. I've already composed my reply in case I
receive one of these letters someday. "Dear Comcast, I am so sorry. I
had no idea that copyrighted works were being downloaded via my IP
address; I have a wireless router at home and it's possible that
someone may have been using my connection at the time. I will do my
best to secure this notoriously vulnerable technology, but I can make
no guarantee that hackers will not exploit my network in the future."
If it ever comes down to a lawsuit, who can be certain that I was the
offender? And can the victim of hacking be held responsible for the
hacker's crimes? If that were the case, we'd all be liable for the
Blaster worm's denial of service attacks against Microsoft last year.
Don't get me wrong. I'm not deliberately opening my network to hackers
and miscreants bent on downloading copyrighted material. I'm simply
choosing not to secure it. That's no different from the millions of
people who haven't installed anti-virus software and the millions more
who don't keep theirs up to date. Yes, their vulnerabilities allow
viruses to spread more quickly, but that's their choice, right?
What about the security of my home network? A determined hacker may be
able to crack my passwords or exploit weaknesses in the operating
system that I never even thought of, but how is that different from
before? There's no system that's completely secure, so whether hackers
are inside or outside my firewall will make little difference. I'm
willing to trade a little security for privacy.
It feels strange to be opening up my network after years of vigorously
protecting it, and it's not without a tinge of anxiety that I do so.
But there's also a sense of liberation, of sticking it to the Man,
that's undeniable, as well as an odd sense of community. It seems
there's safety in numbers after all, even among strangers.
- - - - - - - - - - - -
About the writer Micah Joel is a systems engineer for a software
company, an award-winning tech presenter and an early adopter of home
ISN mailing list
Sponsored by: OSVDB.org
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-11-04 02:13:44
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Online payment firm in DDoS drama 
By John Leyden
3rd November 2004
Online payments processing firm Protx is continuing to fight a
sustained internet attack which has severely impacting its services
for the fourth successive day.
Since Sunday (31 October), Protx's systems have been reduced to a
crawl because of a malicious DDoS attack. Although Protx felt it was
on top of the problem by Monday (1 November) the attack once again
intensified, prompting the company to draft in heavy duty DDoS
defences which it hopes will finally thwart the assault.
In a statement, Mat Peck, chief technical officer, Protx said:
"Earlier today [1 November] the parties responsible for the
Distributed Denial of Service attack on our systems stepped up their
assault, this time pushing our systems beyond their capacity to cope.
A large number of compromised machines from a wide range of spoofed IP
addresses have been attacking our site in a varied and well structured
manner. We have been working all day with Globix, our ISP, to
implement a specific DDoS solution which can burst up to 1Gb
connectivity during periods of peak load whilst also analysing and
killing traffic generated by zombie machine on the Net."
"We have migrated the WWW site across to this system first to check
the functionality and now that's working, we will be moving the
payment servers in the next few hours. This new service, whilst
expensive, still mainly developmental and bleeding edge, should enable
us to continue to process transactions even under DDoS attacks ten
times the size we've seen so far. Future attacks will be dealt with in
a matter of minutes instead of hours (or days as many victims of such
attacks have found). We're continuing to work closely with the
National High Tech Crimes Unit (NHTCU) to bring the perpetrators to
task," he added.
On 2 November Globix said it was also beefing up the hardware used by
its systems in the process of moving across to a new platform. "Whilst
all the payment services are available, some of the auxiliary services
will not be available until tomorrow," Peck wrote in an update.
However Register readers report problems processing payments through
the service today. "Thousands of small transactional websites, like
mine, have been affected," Reg reader Bruce Stidston tells us.
At the time of writing Protx's website was unavailable but you can get
an insight into what's going on through Google's cache of the firm's
status page.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-11-08 04:32:09
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Velva Klaessy, government code breaker, dies at 88 
Trudi Hahn
Star Tribune
November 7, 2004
Velva Klaessy, a government cryptanalyst who accomplished some firsts
for female code breakers -- with accompanying problems in the
male-dominated field -- died Sept. 16 in Golden Valley. She was 88.
"She could never talk about it," said her brother Dale Klaessy of
Minnetonka. "It was a lonely, lonely job."
Born to a farm couple in 1915 in Renwick, Iowa, Klaessy got a
scholarship during the Depression to attend what is now Northern Iowa
University. With no money to buy clothes, her father bought her 500
baby chicks to raise. When she sold them, she bought fabric and made
her wardrobe.
She received her degree in math in 1937 and took her first job in a
small town dominated by a Protestant congregation. It decreed that the
public-school teachers weren't allowed to play cards or go to the
movies. After the town protested that she was insulting its sons by
dating a young man from a different town, she left at the end of the
In 1944, she was teaching high school math and science in Cherokee,
Iowa, when a government recruiter came to ask if she had any students
good in math who might want to join the war effort as a cryptologist
in the Army Signal Corps. Her best students were all headed for
college, so she didn't want to recommend them, but she took the job
After World War II she stayed in the field as the Armed Forces
Security Agency and the National Security Agency (NSA) were formed.
Although much of her work remains classified, information from the
National Cryptologic Museum of the NSA, based at Fort Meade, Md.,
states that she was a member for many years of the highly respected
Technical Consultants group, which assisted other analytic offices
with their most difficult problems.
In the summer of 1953, she and a male officer were posted temporarily
to the Far East to train military personnel. According to oral
tradition, the museum said, female NSA employees had never gotten
temporary posts in that part of the world.
Before she left the consultants group, she was posted temporarily to
the United Kingdom. Her British counterpart threw a welcoming party --
in a men's club from which women were barred, her brother said.
Female NSA employees battled for recognition at home, too. At one
point a supervisor told her that she had earned a promotion but he was
giving it to a male co-worker "because he had a family," her brother
 From 1958 to 1967, Klaessy finally received positions of high
responsibility in sectors dealing with cutting-edge technology, the
museum said, including being named chief in 1964 of the New and
Unidentified Signals Division.
She returned in 1967 to what is now called the extended enterprise
when she was named deputy senior U.S. liaison officer in Ottawa,
Canada. In 1970 she was named senior liaison officer in Ottawa,
becoming the first woman to hold the senior post anywhere in the
world. As senior officer, she represented the U.S. Intelligence Board
and the NSA with appropriate organizations in Canada in all matters
about signal intelligence and communications security.
She returned to Fort Meade in 1975 but retired shortly afterward to
care for ill relatives, her brother said. She was found to have
Parkinson's disease about 1987 and moved to the Twin Cities to be
close to relatives. In addition to her brother Dale, survivors include
another brother, Earl of Spencer, Iowa. Services have been held in
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-11-08 04:32:34
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] E-gold Tracks Cisco Code Thief 
By Michael Myser
November 5, 2004
The electronic currency site that the Source Code Club said it will
use to accept payment for Cisco Systems Inc.'s firewall source code is
confident it can track down the perpetrators.
Dr. Douglas Jackson, chairman of E-gold Ltd., which runs
 said the company is already monitoring accounts it
believes belong to the Source Code Club, and there has been no
activity to date.
"We've got a pretty good shot at getting them in our system," said
Jackson, adding that the company formally investigates 70 to 80
criminal activities a year and has been able to determine the true
identity of users in every case.
On Monday, a member of the Source Code Club posted on a Usenet group
that the group is selling the PIX 6.3.1 firewall firmware for $24,000,
and buyers can purchase anonymously using e-mail, PGP keys and
e-gold.com, which doesn't confirm identities of its users.
"Bad guys think they can cover their tracks in our system, but they
discover otherwise when it comes to an actual investigation," said
The purpose of the e-gold system, which is based on 1.86 metric tons
of gold worth the equivalent of roughly $25 million, is to guarantee
immediate payment, avoid market fluctuations and defaults, and ease
transactions across borders and currencies. There is no credit line,
and payments can only be made if covered by the amount in the account.
Like the Federal Reserve, there is a finite value in the system. There
are currently 1.5 million accounts at e-gold.com, 175,000 of those
Jackson considers "active."
To have value, or e-gold, in an account, users must receive a payment
in e-gold. Often, new account holders will pay cash to existing
account holders in return for e-gold. Or, in the case of SCC, they
will receive payment for a service.
The only way to cash out of the system is to pay another party for a
service or cash trade, which Jackson said creates an increasingly
traceable web of activity.
He did offer a caveat, however: "There is always the risk that they
are clever enough to figure out an angle for offloading their e-gold
in a way that leads to a dead end, but that tends to be much more
difficult than most bad guys think."
This is all assuming the SCC actually receives a payment, or even has
the source code in the first place.
It's the ultimate buyer bewarethe code could be made up, tampered
with or may not exist. And because the transaction through e-gold is
instantaneous and guaranteed, there is no way for the buyer to back
Dave Hawkins, technical support engineer with Radware Inc. in Mahwah,
N.J., believes SCC is merely executing a publicity stunt.
"If they had such real code, it's more likely they would have sold it
in underground forums to legitimate hackers rather than broadcasting
the sale on Usenet," he said. "Anyone who did have the actual code
would probably keep it secret, examining it to build private exploits.
By selling it, it could find its way into the public, and all those
juicy vulnerabilities [would] vanish in the next version."
"There's really no way to tell if this is legitimate," said Russ
Cooper, senior scientist with security firm TruSecure Corp. of
Herndon, Va. Cooper, however, believes there may be a market for it
nonetheless. By posting publicly, SCC is able to get the attention of
criminal entities they otherwise might not reach.
"It's advertising from one extortion team to another extortion team,"
he said. "These DDOS [distributed denial of service] extortionists,
who are trying to get betting sites no doubt would like to have more
ways to do that."
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-11-15 04:47:54
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] How a guy's gizmo spread fear at Fed 
Forwarded From: wk at c4i.org (William Knowles)
BY THOMAS ZAMBITO
DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER
November 11, 2004
It nearly sparked a financial catastrophe.
An electrician's homemade gadget wreaked havoc on the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, causing computer convulsions at a facility that
houses the world's biggest cash vault, the Daily News has learned.
The foulup short-circuited the career of journeyman electrician John
Cravetts, who was fired though he insists he meant no harm.
But it could have been much worse, according to papers filed in
Manhattan Federal Court.
"The results could have been catastrophic," said Barry Schindler, an
attorney for the New York Fed.
Fed officials say they might have had to shut down computers that
process some $2.5 trillion in funds and securities payments and $4
billion in checks every day.
Fortunately, backup systems kicked in after the Nov. 17, 2002,
The heavily guarded facility in East Rutherford, N.J., is also home to
a vault that handles more than $1 billion in currency, coins and food
Cravetts, 62, was canned two weeks after the incident. A surveillance
tape caught him using the crude device - two red wires strung between
an ordinary household switch and plug.
He later filed an age discrimination suit and also charged his firing
was retaliation for reporting an electrocution hazard at the facility
where he'd worked for almost 10 years.
Manhattan Federal judge Harold Baer tossed out Cravetts' claim this
"I had an unblemished record," Cravetts told The News yesterday.
"What I did was in good faith. I did not do anything malicious," added
the licensed electrician, who has since found a new job. "What do they
think I'm going to do, sabotage it?"
Although Fed attorneys presented a near-doomsday scenario in court
filings, Fed spokesman Peter Bakstansky downplayed the incident
"There was no point at which the operations of the Fed were in
danger," Bakstansky said. "We stopped him. ... We have a lot of
Cravetts had been asked to locate circuit breakers on the Fed
computers that had not been properly labeled.
He used his gizmo to conduct the search, plugging it in and tripping
breakers, knocking out power as he went along.
Cravetts told The News his superiors knew he used the device. He had
made four of them at work.
Fed attorneys say he should have used a device that sends a harmless
tone back to the breaker and doesn't cause disruptions.
Cravetts said that for more than a year, he had asked his bosses to
order the manufactured device needed for the job, but they never did.
"Communications without intelligence is noise;  Intelligence
without communications is irrelevant." Gen Alfred. M. Gray, USMC
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-11-15 04:48:20
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Japanese Government Bans Security Researcher's Speech 
November 12, 2004
[JUKI net is Japan's national ID system. Ejovi performed a security
audit of the system for Nagano Prefecture one year ago]
Its been a long day. I am greatly disappointed that Soumushou, the
Japanese government that maintains JUKI net, prevented me from
speaking today at the PacSec security conference. Soumushou prevented
my talk by threatening the Japanese event who currently are seeking
contracts from the government
The Japanese government gave me two options.
1) Do not talk
2) Drastically change your slides to say what they want me to.
When I offered to not use slides at all and give my own opinion they
told me that I would not be permitted to speak AT ALL. It is obvious
to me that they did not have an issue with my slides or presentation.
They were afraid that I would draw attention to problems in JUKI net.
Soumushou thinks that they can hide from the issues. They think that
if they keep people from speaking about the issues, it will go away. I
thought I would be immune from such Japanese government pressures
however I underestimated Soumushou's ability to manipulate those
around me.
Soumushou's reason for forbidding me to speak was this "Since we are
endorsing the convention we have to right to tell you not to speak" if
this is the case, the Japanese government needs only sponsor or
endorse ANY event in which they don't agree with and force the
organizers to change the content. If this is the case Japan will never
make any progress towards a safer environment.
What is most upsetting to me is the fact that I HAD NO PLANS TO
CRITIZE the Japanese government. My talk was going to be extremely
fair and balanced addressing the issues raised by both sides. In fact
I invited Soumushou to meet with me directly so that I can address any
issues they may have. I told them this on the telephone and by email.
Instead they choose to pressure the Japanese representatives of the
conference. They never attempted to talk with me directly. Why is
If they had issues with something I may say why not ask me about it?
Why pressure a company they relies on government contracts? Is this
fair? The purpose of my talk was to present both sides of JUKI net
security systems. I have no vested interest in seeing it fail or in
seeing it succeed. I only wanted to recommend how best to make it
safer, how best to improve the system. But Soumushou believed that my
recommendations on how to improve its security alone would mean that
JUKI net has problems and they refused to admit this. I'm sorry to
tell them but it does have security problems. The good news is that
the technical issues can be easily resolved. However the greatest
problem with JUKI net is not technical but Soumushou's inability to
even acknowledge that they exist! How can a system become secure if
the Japanese government are not willing to listen to someone who
points out issues.
Today was a sad day for Japan and a frustrating day for me.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-11-16 07:34:56
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] BlackBerry prickles Department of Defence spooks 
By Rob O'Neill
November 16, 2004
Department of Defence communications spooks are restricting the use of
wireless BlackBerry devices in government over concerns about the
security of confidential and restricted information.
The Defence Signals Directorate (DSD), the nation's high-tech
electronic eavesdropper, says the popular devices must not be used to
transmit confidential or secret information or connect to systems that
process it.
Agencies may use BlackBerry devices with systems that handle
"unclassified, x-in-confidence (excluding cabinet-in-confidence) and
restricted information".
Telstra, one of several providers of BlackBerry services, insists the
systems are secure.
"They are used by a lot of customers that require high levels of
security in the financial services industry, and even the CIA and the
Pentagon," a Telstra spokesman says.
Paul Osmond, Asia-Pacific regional director of BlackBerry developer
Research In Motion, is "thrilled" the Government has decided the
Department of Defence can use the device, because 18 months ago they
were prohibited.
"Their restrictions are fairly common when you look at a first
go-around," Osmond says. "They are similar to those the US defence
forces put out when they first used it."
The DSD will review the guidelines in February when it is expected RIM
and ISPs will seek to have their say.
The hand-held BlackBerry device, which allows access to corporate
email, including attachments, from almost any location, has become the
new must-have corporate accessory in the US and is receiving strong
support here.
But the swarm of new mobile computing devices poses security
challenges to government and private organisations. They are keen to
have the functionality but worry about privacy and access.
Other consumer devices have also generated alarm. A British security
firm's survey revealed Apple's iPod, which has large portable storage
capacity and can be plugged into most PCs, is considered a threat.
Sometimes such concerns can seem overblown, as in 1999 when the Furby,
a computerised toy, was banned from US National Security Agency
premises because it could be used as a recorder.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -

@_date: 2004-11-19 05:03:00
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Under Phishing Attack, British Bank Shuts Down Some Services 
By Gregg Keizer
TechWeb News
Nov. 18, 2004
One of the four biggest banks in the United Kingdom has taken the
unusual step of suspending some features of its online service
following a phishing attack.
On Wednesday, NatWest, which is part of the Royal Bank of Scotland
Group and one of Britain's big four banks, shut off features to its
million-plus online customers. When users logged on to the NatWest
site, they saw a message that read, "We have temporarily suspended the
ability to create or amend Third Party Payment mandates and create
Standing Order mandates."
Third-party-payment mandates, said Caroline Harris, a NatWest
spokesperson, are ad-hoc electronic-payment requests outside the
normal bill payments already established. They're typically used to
pay individuals electronically. Standing-order mandates are the U.K.
equivalent of a scheduled bill payment.
"We've not shut down the entire site, as some press reports would have
you believe," said Harris, "but we've only restricted one small part."
The phishing e-mail received by NatWest customers claimed to be part
of a software update to the online banking service.
"This is only temporary," said Harris, "and is a preventative measure
to protect our customers. Because we've [blocked third-party-payment
and standing orders] the phishers haven't been able to take money out
of customer accounts."
She reiterated that no NatWest customer had lost money to the scam.
NatWest urged customers who may have given up personal information to
contact the bank, and said that alternate ways to make payments, such
as by telephone, remained an option.
Although Harris said such action was "nothing new" and that the bank
had done similar things before when faced with determined phishers, a
U.S.-based banking analyst said it was news to her.
"I've never heard of that tactic before," said Avivah Litan, a
research director and vice president with Gartner who specializes in
bank fraud and phishing issues. "Not that it's a bad action, but it
sounds to me that NatWest didn't have a way to contain the damage.
"It's an extreme measure. It probably means that they don't have other
risk-control mechanisms in place, or the attack was getting out of
hand," she added.
And while NatWest reacted quickly, there's a real chance a temporary
measure like this won't stop phishers from exploiting stolen
information. Increasingly, she said, it seems phishers are a lot more
patient than anyone thought.
"When you look at the big picture, there's more and more evidence that
phishers are sitting on the information [they steal], and that the
real damage may not show up for a year or two."
Phishers, Litan went on, "are very clever, and have a lot of time and
patience." Rather than use their ill-gotten information immediately --
which is what NatWest assumes by temporarily limiting on-the-fly
payments -- there's growing concern that cyber-criminals wait a long
time before pouncing.
One tactic phishers are using, said Litan, is to apply for new credit
cards using stolen identity information, use and pay those cards, and
over a period of months, even as long as two years, build up the
cards' credit limits.
"Then they'll do 'bust-outs,'" said Litan. "That's when they run
through the credit limit, say $50,000, before the first bill comes
due, with no intention of paying."
The worst news, about NatWest's move, concluded Litan, is that it may
only be the beginning of a new wave of banking business disruptions.
"Once I thought that maybe phishing was a fad, and after a while it
would be replaced by some other scam, like keyloggers. But it's not a
fad. It's going to get worse, and it's not going to slow down."
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -

@_date: 2004-11-23 05:24:09
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Hackers Pocket W16 Billion in Cyber Cash 
By Chung Ah-young
Staff Reporter
The state prosecution on Tuesday indicted two computer hackers and one
of their accomplices on charges of stealing cyber money worth 16.4
billion won ($15.3 million) by infiltrating one of the largest online
game firms.
The Seoul Central District Public ProsecutorsB!B/ Office said the
suspects pocketed the largest amount of cyber money ever obtained in
hacking crimes.
Investigators said the suspects allegedly broke into the online game
site to steal cyber cash, which can be exchanged for real money, and
sold it to cyber brokers on Sept. 24-27.
Prosecutors said that suspects plotted the crime beforehand through
closely reviewing the companyB!B/s electronic payment system and
conducted practice runs beforehand.
They found that the Web site run by the major game company has a
loophole that enabled them to manipulate file contents.
Before committing the crime, the suspects did a mock hacking via the
service and stole cyber cash worth 27 million won in March and June.
Prosecutors said they connected to the companyB!B/s information network
system 227 times during the Chusok holiday in September.
They illegally charged mileage points worth 164.7 billion won through
152 identification numbers that they set up beforehand.
The suspects then allegedly traded stolen cyber cash at 750 million
won to a broker, identified as Kim, who also raked in a total of 168
million won by selling it to other brokers through e-mails or
identification numbers.
Prosecutors said the companyB!B/s damages have been minimized because it
immediately shut down the use of the identification numbers right
after the crime occurred.
However, prosecutors did not exclude the possibility that more damages
are expected because game mileage is vulnerable to illegal trading and
is circulated through the black market between cyber traders.
The amount of cyber money they stole, estimated at mileage points
worth 164.7 billion won, is equivalent to the amount only after users
have spent 16.4 billion won in buying items or using services the
company provides.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -

@_date: 2004-11-30 00:50:36
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Desktop Google Finds Holes 
By Bruce Schneier
November 29, 2004
Google's desktop search software is so good that it exposes
vulnerabilities on your computer that you didn't know about.
Last month, Google released a beta version of its desktop search
software: Google Desktop Search. Install it on your Windows machine,
and it creates a searchable index of your data files, including word
processing files, spreadsheets, presentations, e-mail messages, cached
Web pages and chat sessions. It's a great idea. Windows' searching
capability has always been mediocre, and Google fixes the problem
There are some security issues, though. The problem is that GDS
indexes and finds documents that you may prefer not be found. For
example, GDS searches your browser's cache. This allows it to find old
Web pages you've visited, including online banking summaries, personal
messages sent from Web e-mail programs and password-protected personal
Web pages.
GDS can also retrieve encrypted files. No, it doesn't break the
encryption or save a copy of the key. However, it searches the Windows
cache, which can bypass some encryption programs entirely. And if you
install the program on a computer with multiple users, you can search
documents and Web pages for all users.
GDS isn't doing anything wrong; it's indexing and searching documents
just as it's supposed to. The vulnerabilities are due to the design of
Internet Explorer, Opera, Firefox, PGP and other programs.
First, Web browsers should not store SSL-encrypted pages or pages with
personal e-mail. If they do store them, they should at least ask the
user first.
Second, an encryption program that leaves copies of decrypted files in
the cache is poorly designed. Those files are there whether or not GDS
searches for them.
Third, GDS' ability to search files and Web pages of multiple users on
a computer received a lot of press when it was first discovered. This
is a complete nonissue. You have to be an administrator on the machine
to do this, which gives you access to everyone's files anyway.
Some people blame Google for these problems and suggest, wrongly, that
Google fix them. What if Google were to bow to public pressure and
modify GDS to avoid showing confidential information? The underlying
problems would remain: The private Web pages would still be in the
browser's cache; the encryption program would still be leaving copies
of the plain-text files in the operating system's cache; and the
administrator could still eavesdrop on anyone's computer to which he
or she has access. The only thing that would have changed is that
these vulnerabilities once again would be hidden from the average
computer user.
In the end, this can only harm security.
GDS is very good at searching. It's so good that it exposes
vulnerabilities on your computer that you didn't know about. And now
that you know about them, pressure your software vendors to fix them.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Bruce Schneier is CTO of Counterpane Internet Security Inc.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-10-19 21:40:06
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] NZ jails Aussie bank hacker 
Amanda Hodge
OCTOBER 16, 2004
AN Australian IT whiz who stole $2.15 million after hacking into the
New Zealand Health Ministry's bank account and then offered to brief
the department on the weaknesses in its computer security system was
yesterday jailed for three years.
With university degrees in science and mathematics, an MBA and years
of international computer experience, John Denison, 49, cruised into a
senior job with the NZ Health Ministry in March.
But in six months of service, in which he headed a national
meningococcal B vaccination program, Denison tried unsuccessfully five
times to crack the ministry's computer banking system.
On his final attempt, in late September, he found fleeting success,
hacking into the system and redirecting $2.15 million bound for
doctors and medical laboratories to his own bank account, which he set
up with a false passport and driver's licence in the name of Alan
Denison tried to use almost $800,000 as a down payment on a luxury
apartment overlooking Sydney's Hyde Park before he was caught.
He had been planning to return to Sydney to be near his critically ill
sister but confessed to the thefts and passport fraud shortly after
several laboratories rang the ministry to complain about the missing
All the money has since been recovered.
Wellington District Court judge Robert Kerr permanently suppressed
details of how Denison hacked into the system. The crime was a gross
abuse of trust that was partly motivated by a desire to maintain a
certain quality of life, Judge Kerr said.
Denison's lawyer, Greg King, argued the offence had arisen out of
"something of a mid-life crisis" because his client's annual income
had plunged from $200,000 to $103,000 when he took the new job. But
Denison had also been under extreme financial pressure, supporting an
acutely deaf and depressed brother, a sister who was still in hospital
after suffering a brain aneurism in July, and also paying child
Yesterday, Denison's NSW-based former wife said she and her three
children were devastated by the outcome but were trying to keep the
news from Denison's brother and sister, who were too ill to withstand
the trauma.
Mr King said the Health Ministry had acted arrogantly by refusing an
offer by a penitent Denison to talk them through the security gaps in
its system.
Crown prosecutor Cherie Clarke said the ministry did not want or need
Denison's help.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-10-19 21:40:22
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] 2-Fingerprint Border ID System Called Inadequate 
By Robert O'Harrow and Jr. Scott Higham
Washington Post Staff Writers
October 19, 2004
Terrorists who alter their fingerprints have about an even chance of
slipping past U.S. border watch-list checks because the government is
using a two-fingerprint system instead of one that relies on all 10
prints, a lawmaker said in a letter he made public yesterday to
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge.
Rep. Jim Turner (D-Tex.) wrote that a study by researchers at Stanford
University concluded the two-finger system "is no more than 53 percent
effective in matching fingerprints with poor image quality against the
government's biometric terrorist watch-list." Turner said the system
falls far short of keeping the country secure.
"It's going to be a coin toss as to whether we can identify
terrorists," Turner, the ranking member of the House Select Committee
on Homeland Security, said in an interview yesterday. "It's a 50-50
chance, and that's not good enough."
Turner's Oct. 15 letter comes as government officials supervising the
burgeoning border security system, known as US-VISIT, have been
touting their use of fingerprints for identifying people crossing the
border and checking them against watch lists of suspected terrorists.
The US-VISIT program aims to create a "virtual border" using computer
networks, databases, fingerprints and other biometric identifiers. The
program requires foreign visitors to register their names before
traveling to the United States and have their fingerprints checked
when they arrive and depart. Officials estimate the system could cost
up to $10 billion and take a decade to build.
The border security program is relying on technology first developed
for a program at the former Immigration and Naturalization Service
called IDENT. Government officials have known for years that IDENT did
not work well with the identification system used by the Justice
Department, a 10-fingerprint system called the Integrated Automated
Fingerprint Identification System. That system is known for producing
good results, even with poor-quality fingerprint images, Turner's
letter said.
But homeland security officials have told Congress they decided to use
the IDENT system for the first phase of US-VISIT as a way to quickly
improve security at the borders, and move to a 10-fingerprint system
later. "It was a logistical issue we had to deal with," said Robert A.
Mocny, deputy director of US-VISIT. "It will get better. . . . It's a
matter of what we can do right now."
Turner's letter said the Department of Homeland Security ignored
numerous warnings from the "government's top biometric scientists"
that the "two-fingerprint system could not accurately perform watch
list searches and the ten-fingerprint system was far preferable."
The letter quotes Stanford researcher Lawrence M. Wein, who said his
study found that at best, with a software fix, the two-finger system
would properly identify only about three of four people. Two weeks
ago, Wein told the Homeland Security Committee that the "implications
of our findings are disturbing."
Turner accused homeland security officials of failing to be "more
forthcoming" about the limitations of their approach. Turner asked
Ridge to direct homeland security officials to "preserve all documents
and electronic communications" relating to their decision on
"I understand your desire to deploy biometric screening at our borders
as quickly as possible," Turner said in his letter. "But more than
three years after the 9/11 attacks, we have invested more than $700
million in an entry-exit system that cannot reliably do what the
Department so often said it would: Use a biometric watch-list to keep
known terrorists out of the country."
A spokesman for the Republican-controlled Homeland Security Committee,
Ken Johnson, said the release of Turner's letter was driven by
election-year politics. Johnson acknowledged that there are "some
concerns" with the current system, but he said US-VISIT continues to
evolve. "In a perfect world, where money is not an issue, and people
wouldn't mind spending countless hours or days at the border, the
10-fingerprint system would be preferable. But that's not reality,"
Johnson said. "They're playing politics with some very sensitive
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-10-20 01:41:32
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Worldwide Phishing Attacks May Stem from Few Sources 
By Dennis Fisher
October 19, 2004
Research from an e-mail security provider suggests that a handful of
people are responsible for the vast majority of the phishing attacks
on the Internet and the perpetrators are using a rotating series of
zombie networks to launch them.
Researchers at CipherTrust Inc. analyzed more than four million
e-mails collected from the company's customers during the first two
weeks of October and found that nearly a third of all of the zombie
machines sending the phishing messages are based in the United States.
That's twice as many as the 16 percent that are found in South Korea.
However, these findings do not mean that these attacks are originating
from inside these countries. The global nature of the Internet allows
attackers anywhere in the world to compromise machines in any
location. In fact, many experts believe that the majority of phishers
are in some way connected to organized crime groups in Russia or
Eastern Europe and that most such attacks begin there.
The most surprising conclusion of the research is that the attackers
sending out the phishing messages are using zombie networks of only
about 1,000 PCs.
"That's a pretty small bot network for the volume of stuff that these
guys are doing," said Dmitri Alperovitch, the research engineer at
Atlanta-based CipherTrust Inc. who conducted the study. "But the trick
is that they rotate to a different set of compromised machines each
day. They don't keep going to the same ones each time."
Crackers for years have been accumulating large networks of machines
compromised with small programs that give them the ability to control
the PCs remotely. They routinely sell or trade access to the networks
to others in the cracker underground and the PCs typically are used
either for launching DDoS (distributed denial of service attacks).
But as authorities began cracking down on spammers in recent years,
the spammers have begun relying on these networks to send out their
messages, too. Now, phishers have gotten into the game.
Alperovitch said that there are fewer than five operators in control
of the zombie networks that he identified in his research. And, even
though they're generating thousands of fraudulent e-mails every day,
their output was still a tiny fraction.less than one percent--of the
four million messages CipherTrust examined.
Phishers seem to be concentrating their efforts on a few high-profile
targets, as well. In the sample CipherTrust looked at, 54 percent of
the phishing messages used CitiGroup's Citibank name to entice
recipients. Another 13 percent use Citigroup Global Markets Inc.'s
Smith Barney's brand and eBay Inc. is the victim in about four percent
of the scams.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-10-29 03:31:38
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Secret Service busts online organized crime ring 
By Dan Verton
OCTOBER 28, 2004
In what it called an "Information Age undercover investigation," the
U.S. Secret Service today announced that it has arrested 28 people
from eight U.S. states and six countries allegedly involved in a
global organized cybercrime ring.
Charges filed against the suspects include identity theft, computer
fraud, credit card fraud and conspiracy.
The investigation, code-named Operation Firewall, resulted in what the
Secret Service described as a significant disruption of organized
criminal activity online that was targeting the financial
infrastructure of the U.S. The suspects are alleged to have
collectively trafficked in at least 1.7 million stolen credit card
Financial institutions have estimated their losses associated with the
suspects targeted by the investigation to be more than $4.3 million.
"Led by the Secret Service Newark Field Office, investigators from
nearly 30 domestic and foreign Secret Service offices and their global
law enforcement counterparts have prevented potentially hundreds of
millions of dollars in loss to the financial and hi-tech communities,"
Secret Service Director W. Ralph Basham said in a statement. "These
suspects targeted the personal and financial information of ordinary
citizens, as well as the confidential and proprietary information of
companies engaged in e-commerce."
Operation Firewall began in July 2003 and quickly evolved into a
transnational investigation of global credit card fraud and online
identity theft. The underground criminal groups have been identified
as Shadowcrew, Carderplanet and Darkprofits. The organizations
operated Web sites used to traffic counterfeit credit cards and false
identification information and documents. The groups allegedly used
the sites to share information on how to commit fraud and sold the
stolen information and the tools needed to commit such crimes.
International law enforcement organizations that took part in the
investigation and arrests included the U.K.'s National Hi-Tech Crimes
Unit, the Vancouver Police Department's Financial Crimes Section, the
Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Europol.
Officials in Bulgaria, Belarus, Poland, Sweden, the Netherlands and
Ukraine also were involved.
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-09-09 05:41:59
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Mitnick movie comes to the US 
[   - WK]
By Kevin Poulsen,
9th September 2004
Nearly six years after it was filmed, Hollywood's trouble-plagued
movie version of the hunt for hacker Kevin Mitnick is headed for video
stores in the US
Originally titled Takedown, then Cybertraque, the film is set for a
September 28th U.S. release on DVD with the new title, Track Down.
The movie is from Miramax's horror and sci-fi label Dimension Films,
and is based on the book Takedown: The Pursuit and Capture of
America's Most Wanted Computer Outlaw - By The Man Who Did It,
authored by computer scientist Tsutomu Shimomura and New York Times
reporter John Markoff.
Shimomura electronically tracked Mitnick to his Raleigh, North
Carolina hideout in February, 1995, and sold the book and movie rights
for an undisclosed sum amidst the storm of publicity following the
fugitive hacker's arrest.
Early versions of the screenplay for the movie adaptation of Takedown
cast Mitnick - played by Scream star Skeet Ulrich - as violent and
potentially homicidal. In July, 1998, supporters of the
then-imprisoned cyberpunk rallied against the film outside Miramax's
New York City offices. Writers later revised the script, and shooting
wrapped on the project in December, 1998.
The film then languished without a US release date amid rumors of poor
test screenings and a re-shot ending. Perhaps hoping to recoup some of
their losses, Miramax finally released the movie to French theatres in
March, 2000, as Cybertraque. It was generally panned by critics: a
reviewer for the newspaper Le Monde noted the film's problems in
translating a virtual manhunt to the action-adventure genre. "Can the
repeated image of faces sweating over keyboards renew the principles
of the Hollywood thriller?," the paper asked. "It's easy to say that
the filmmaker hardly reaches that point, regardless of his saturation
of the soundtrack with rock music to defeat the boredom of the
Cybertraque was later released in Europe on DVD with French subtitles,
and enjoyed some underground circulation on peer-to-peer networks,
often misidentified as the sequel to the 1995 film Hackers.
The real-life Mitnick cracked computers at cellphone companies,
universities and ISPs. He pleaded guilty in March, 1999, to seven
felonies, and was released from prison on 21 January, 2000, after
nearly five years in custody.
Now a security consultant and author, the ex-hacker says he's not
happy to see the movie come to America. "I didn't expect the film
would ever be released to the US, so this is kind of shock to me," he
says. "I'm kind of disappointed because the film depicts me doing
things that are not real."
The fictionalized plot of Track Down centers around Shimomura's
efforts to capture Mitnick before the hacker can access a terrifying
computer program capable of causing blackouts, disabling hospital
equipment and scrambling air traffic control systems. Hollywood's
Mitnick character is portrayed somewhat sympathetically, but is prone
to random outbursts of rage, and suffers a creepy penchant for
electronic eavesdropping and a lurking hatred of women.
"You wouldn't believe the amount of emails I get from all around the
world saying, 'I saw this movie about you, it's great, you're my hero,
it was a fantastic movie,'" says Mitnick. "I'm thinking, these guys
are a little bit off... It's not an interesting film. I think it was
done pretty poorly."
Donate online for the Ron Santo Walk to Cure Diabetes -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2005-02-01 03:05:23
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] REVIEW: "Modern Cryptography: Theory and Practice", Wenbo Mao 
Forwarded from: "Rob, grandpa of Ryan, Trevor, Devon & Hannah"
BKMDNCRP.RVW   20041207
"Modern Cryptography: Theory and Practice", Wenbo Mao, 2004,
0-13-066943-1, U$54.99/C$82.99
%A   Wenbo Mao
%C   One Lake St., Upper Saddle River, NJ   07458
%D   2004
%G   0-13-066943-1
%I   Prentice Hall
%O   U$54.99/C$82.99 +1-201-236-7139 fax: +1-201-236-7131
%O    %O   %O   tl s rl 1 tc 3 ta 3 tv 0 wq 1
%P   707 p.
%T   "Modern Cryptography: Theory and Practice"
A "Short Description of the Book" states that it is intended to
address the issue of whether various crypto algorithms are
"practical," as opposed to just theoretically strong.  This seems odd,
since no algorithm is ready for implementation as such: it must be
made part of a full system, and most problems with cryptography come
in the implementation.  The preface doesn't make things much clearer:
it reiterates a "fit-for-application" mantra, but doesn't say clearly,
at any point, why existing algorithms are not appropriate for use.
The preface also suggests that this book is for advanced study in
cryptography, although it states that security engineers and
administrators, with special responsibility for developing or
implementing cryptography, are also in the target audience.
Part one is an introduction, consisting of two chapters.  Chapter one
outlines the idea of the first "protocol" of the book: a "fair coin
toss" over the telephone, grounding the book firmly in the camp of
cryptography for the purpose of secure communications.  The remainder
of the chapter points out all the requirements to make such an
unbiased selector work, acting as a kind of sales pitch or "come on"
to make you want to read the rest of the book.  The promotion is
slightly flawed by the fact that there is very little practical detail
in the material (it takes a lot of work on the part of the reader to
figure out that, yes, this system might work), excessive verbiage, and
poor explanations.  The stated "objectives" of the chapter, given at
the end, say that you should have a "fundamental understanding of
cryptography": this is true only in the most limited sense.  Chapter
two slowly builds a kind of pseudo-Kerberos system.
Part two covers mathematical foundations.  Chapter three deals with
probability and information theory, four with Turing Machines and the
notion of computational complexity, five with the algebraic
foundations behind the use of prime numbers and elliptic curves for
cryptography, and various number theory topics are touched on in
chapter six.
Part three addresses basic cryptographic techniques.  Chapter seven
deals with basic symmetric encryption techniques, touching on
substitution and transposition, as well as reviewing the operations of
DES (Data Encryption Standard) and AES (Advanced Encryption Standard).
The insistence on converting all operations, and giving all
explanations, in symbolic logic does not seem to have any utility,
does not provide any clarity, and makes the material much more
difficult than it could be.  Asymmetric techniques, and attacks
against them, are outlined in chapter eight.  Finding individual bits
of the message, a process examined in chapter nine, can, over time,
result in an attack on the message or key as a whole.  Chapter ten
looks at data integrity, hashes, and digital signatures.
Part four deals with authentication.  Chapter eleven reviews various
conceptual protocols, pointing out (for example) that there is a
serious problem of key storage for challenge/response systems.  A
variety of real applications are considered in chapter twelve, and
warnings issued about each.  Issues of authentication specific to
asymmetric systems are covered in chapter thirteen.
Part five looks at formal approaches to the establishment of security.
There is more asymmetric cryptographic theory in chapter fourteen.
Chapter fifteen examines a number of provably secure asymmetric
cryptosystems, while sixteen does the same for digital signatures.
Formal methods of authentication protocol analysis are given in
chapter seventeen.
Part six discusses abstract cryptographic protocols.  Chapter eighteen
reviews a number of zero knowledge protocols, which provide the basis
for authentication where the principals are not previously known to
each other.  The coin flipping protocol, initiated in chapter one, is
revisited in chapter nineteen.  Chapter twenty wraps up with a summary
of the author's intentions for the book.
The book is certainly for advanced study, but it is hardly suitable
for security administrators, professionals, or even engineers.  The
mathematical material is quite demanding, and is seldom explained (as
opposed to the clear explanations of the implications of the math that
is given in, for example, "Applied Cryptography" [cf. BKAPCRYP.RVW],
or even the equally advanced but much more comprehensible "Algebraic
Aspects of Cryptography" [cf. BKALASCR.RVW]).  However, there are
points in the material that could be useful for practical
cryptographic systems, provided one is dealing primarily with
authentication of communications, and the possibility of physical
access is ignored.  The text would have been much more useful if the
author could have been induced to provide some of the basic
explanations in English, rather than leaving the reader to work out
the math.
copyright Robert M. Slade, 2004   BKMDNCRP.RVW   20041207
======================  (quote inserted randomly by Pegasus Mailer)
rslade at vcn.bc.ca      slade at victoria.tc.ca      rslade at sun.soci.niu.edu
As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an
evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil
that they set out to destroy.
                       - Christopher Dawson, The Judgment of Nations
    or    Bellua Cyber Security Asia 2005 -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2005-01-07 06:41:49
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] SSL VPNs Will Grow 54% A Year, 
By Matthew Friedman
Networking Pipeline
Jan. 5, 2005
Spending on Secure Sockets Layer Virtual Private Networks (SSL VPN)
will grow at a 53% compound annual growth rate, and SSL VPNs will
surpass traditional IPsec VPNs as the de-facto remote access security
standard by 2008, according to a new report from Forrester Research.
In "SSL VPNs Poised for Significant Growth," Forrester associate
analyst Robert Whiteley says companies are attracted by the
technology's application-level simplicity. Unlike IPsec VPNs, which
require special client software to access the network, SSL VPN
supports a wide range of devices, from desktop computers to PDAs, and
applications, while offering network administrators greater
granularity of user information and providing better endpoint
According to the report, some 44% of American businesses have deployed
SSL VPNs, spending $97 million on the technology last year alone.
Despite the impressive adoption rate for a technology that has been in
the business mainstream for less than a year, Forrester expects SSL
VPN deployments to continue to take off, with the market growing at a
53% compound annual growth rate to $1.2 billion in 2004.
SSL VPNs are already well-entrenched in the financial and business
services industries and in the public sector. Driven by the need to
ensure endpoint security for online services, the financial services
industry can boast a 56% penetration rate, with business services just
behind at 51%. In both cases, Whiteley predicts a compound annual
growth of 34% to 2010 which, though impressive, pales beside the
expected SSL VPN growth in late-adopting industries.
Indeed, Whiteley writes that retail and manufacturing are poised to
leap into SSL VPN with gusto over the next few years. "Retail and
wholesale allocates 7.8% of its IT spend to security  more than even
financial services," he notes. "This vertical shows the most SSL VPN
potential because of its eye toward security, relatively little
penetration to date, and the need for large, distributed deployments 
resulting in 82% annual market growth through 2010."
Though only 29% of manufacturers are currently invested in SSL VPNs,
Whitely expects that to change dramatically through 2010, predicting a
phenomenal 94% compound annual growth rate. IPSec was a poor fit for
this vertical's needs, Whiteley observes, but the application-layer
flexibility of SSL VPNs should spur rapid adoption. "Manufacturing
companies typically don't provide employees with corporate-managed
laptops," he writes. "Thus, SSL VPNs allows a 'bring-your-own
computer' model where manufacturing companies still control security
and user policy but don't have to incur the cost of unnecessary IT
Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB) Everything is Vulnerable -
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2005-01-24 03:39:32
@_author: InfoSec News 
@_subject: [ISN] Call for Papers - PHRACK #63 
Forwarded from: dontreply at phrack.org
                     +++++++++++++++++++++++++++
                   =: P H R A C K - F I N A L :=
                     +++++++++++++++++++++++++++
            ...a glorious era comes to an end.  will
               be our last PHRACK RELEASE -- EVER...
   FINAL CALL FOR PAPERS * FINAL CALL FOR PAPERS * FINAL CALL FOR PAPERS
                 ---
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
