
@_date: 2002-01-08 21:19:21
@_author: Vita Lorenzen 
@_subject: VoxCRYPT Advanced Digital Scrambler 
Dear Internet User,
We are contacting you because we believe you may be interested in Encrypted
Did you know that unless your internet voice communications are encrypted,
everybody can use TCP/IP "packet sniffers" to monitor your chat and
jeopordise your privacy ? Unfortunately, default voice chat services are as
private as postcards or simple radio transmissions.
Secure Dimensions Corporation invites you to evaluate a new military-grade
secure internet phone software for MS Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2000.
VoxCRYPT Advanced Digital Scrambler protects your voice chats and saves your
encryption keys on special 128-bit 3DES smartcards (processor cards), the
These are just a FEW of the impressive VoxCRYPT features:
- Lightning fast 128-bit Blowfish audio stream encryption.
- Military-grade NATO LPC-10 audio compression permitting real-time
  voice chats on networks starting at 9600 Bps.
- Mobile IP phone capability using laptops with GSM phones & PCMCIA modems.
- Redundant transmission mode allowing voice chats even on congested
  or unreliable networks by sending many packet copies.
- Built-in answer machine.
- Built-in diagnostic and profiling tools.
- Extensive help.
VoxCRYPT renders packet-sniffers absolutely useless and shields your voice
independently of the nature of your network connection.
Learn more about VoxCRYPT at KEYS MANAGEMENT
Are you able to remember a good 32 characters key like
[%6"kjq87(/§2('?ha$hqñl56çoi13é09] ? And how to manage, let's say, 64 keys
of this strength ? You will end up saving the keys on your computer's
hard-disk, or write down the key on a paper, or just use keys like
[MyPetName], etc...
The VoxCARD was designed to provide an elegant and efficient solution to the
problem of strong encryption keys management. With the VoxCARD, you may use
the most cryptic keys for your connections records, but in order to retrieve
them, you just need to remember one single password, the password of your
As ultimate protection against unauthorised use, the VoxCARD is able to
delete all the stored records after 7 unsucessfull login attempts. VoxCARD
will not let anyone access your strategic data.
Learn more about the VoxCARD at
DYNAMIC DNS SERVICES (DDNS)
If you rely on Dynamic IP addresses (the variable IP address that your ISP
assigns you every time you connect to the Internet), you will welcome the
connectivity achieved through Dynamic DNS services available at no charge.
You just need to create a virtual host name and to download a little piece
of software (IP updater). The updater running on your machine will detect
your new IP every time you connect to the internet and update the IP of your
virtual host. This way, by knowing your virtual host name, any person will
be able to call you whatever IP was assigned to you by your ISP. As added
benefit, because many sites offer free DDNS, you are not bound to a
proprietary connection system, unlike most other internet phone products.
Learn more at VOXCRYPT DEMO
You may use the VoxCRYPT software even without VoxCARD. However, advanced
features like encryption and NATO LPC-10 audio compression will not be
You may download the software at ENCRYPTED TELEPHONY BUNDLE
Our online shop offers Encrypted Internet Telephony bundles containing all
the hardware you need to enjoy a new internet telephony experience right
away !
You may visit our shop at Sincerely yours,
Secure Dimensions Corporation
IT Products Division, Panama
NO SPAM POLICY
If you believe you received this email by mistake, please accept our
apologies. By replying to this message with the word "REMOVE" in the subject
your email address will be removed from our database and you will not
receive any further message from Secure Dimensions Corp. This email complies
with the proposed United States Federal bill for commercial e-mail: Section
301 Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S. 1618.
