
@_date: 1997-11-05 07:19:48
@_author: James S. Tyre 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman.....makes more sense than you think. 
pray to *their* God doesn't bother you in the least. Fascinating.
The spears I would chuck would be anti-ignorance, not anti-Sem*i*tic
(spelling counts).
But I won't chuck them, because I have suddenly seen the light that the
religion I have practiced for almost half a century is a joke.  And I've
also just been enlightened that all of the members of my shul are jokes
too.  Damn, I've just come to realize that even my Rabbi is a joke.  (Well,
you may have a point there -- he is pretty funny.)  I'd like to go ask my
grandparents about this, but, alas, I can't.  See, 3/4 of them never quite
made it out of the camps alive.  So in their absense, I am ever so grateful
that you have chosen to explain my life to me.
I do have a question, though -- actually, two.
First, are you Orthodox?  I would not dream of presuming about you, even
though you seem to know all about me.
Second, do you believe that there is only one true flavor of Christianity,
or are you more tolerant of your Christian friends?  If there is only one
true Christianity, btw, please be so kind as let the world know what it is.
-Jim, the kind of pregnant conservative Jew, who knows full well how to
lead a Seder.

@_date: 1997-09-10 12:29:04
@_author: James S. Tyre 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Tim May is correct (as is Declan's clarification of his earlier note). If the amendment does become law, however, do not expect two things:
1.  Do not expect that it will be fast-tracked to the Supreme Court, as
was the case with CDA.  Instead, expect that it will start with the
District Court, take years to get to and through the Court of Appeals,
and then, if the U.S. Supreme Court decides to hear the matter at all
(it would have no obligation to do so), much more time there.
2.  Do not expect that a case will involve a broad coalition of
plaintiffs, as was the case with the CDA.  Expect that the courts will
only entertain an action by a plaintiff with traditional standing:  one
who goes through all of the bureaucratic hoops trying to get a license,
and then is turned down.
None of us know, of course, if the amendment will become law.  But if it
does, plan on it being a good while before the judicial process results
in anything determinative, one way or the other.

@_date: 1997-09-11 05:14:13
@_author: James S. Tyre 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Quite possibly.  But only as applied to the individual case, or more
broadly enjoining the government from enforcing the law (if there will
be a law)?  The latter would be better, but many judges would not be
willing to go that far.
I'm not nearly enough of a sucker to bet against that.

@_date: 1997-09-12 10:03:40
@_author: James S. Tyre 
@_subject: Court proceedings under new SAFE act 
Fucking A, Declan!  (A highly precise legal term of art for all you
laypeople out there.)  Even if these guys don't give a shit about the
First Amendment, or have forgotten how hard it is to get a prior
restraint Order, have they excised the Separation of Powers doctrine
from the Constitution too?
oh.forgot.national security.never mind.

@_date: 1997-09-12 13:22:45
@_author: James S. Tyre 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Nice idea Declan, but what's "lots of folks"?  Rhetorical question --
what percentage of the populace in the U.S. is even on the net?  Another
one -- of those, what percentage even know what PGP is?
On one list I'm on, people whine all too often how difficult PGP is; on
another, most probably would think PGP is a drug.  Hmmm ....
Of course education of less well-versed net users is important.  But if
we're talking the Now instead of the Future, education of those not even
on the net may be more important.
So, the last rhetorical question -- how do you convince someone who's
never used a browser (the vast majority of the voting populace, I'd
think) why crypto is important?

@_date: 1997-09-12 14:21:39
@_author: James S. Tyre 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Mostly, I agree -- at least as far as Congress is concerned.  I place
more hope in the courts, which could be because I've been practicing
con. law for 19 years (many on f-c know this, but I do not assume that
Tim knows much about me).
But even though I work within the law, this may become a by any means
necessary situation.  As I type, I'm remembering when the FBI raided my
office about a dozen years ago, without so much as a warrant, thank you
very much, accusing me of violating national security laws. Technically, they were right; legally, they were wrong, but they didn't
give a shit.  Nice reminder (coming from a liberal, for those who've
just been asking what liberals think) that a little civil disobedience
now and again is not such a bad thing.
