
@_date: 1998-07-01 10:12:10
@_author: Jackson Dodd 
@_subject: 1998 USENIX Annual Technical Conference - Call for Papers 
USENIX 1999 Annual Technical Conference
June 7-11, 1999
Monterey Conference Center
Monterey, California, USA
For the full call for submissions, see Papers due: 			  December 2, 1998
Author notification: 		  January 20, 1999
Camera-ready final papers due: 	  April 27, 1999
Registration materials available: March, 1999
The 1999 USENIX Technical Conference Program Committee seeks original and innovative papers about the applications, architecture,
implementation, and performance of modern computing systems. As at all USENIX conferences, papers that analyze problem areas and draw important conclusions from practical experience are especially welcome. Some particularly interesting application topics are:
Distributed caching and replication
Embedded systems
Extensible operating systems
File systems and storage systems
Interoperability of heterogeneous systems
Mobile code
Mobile computing
New algorithms and applications
Personal digital assistants
Quality of service
Security and privacy
Ubiquitous computing and messaging
Web technologies
We are also accepting proposals for tutorials.  USENIX's well-respected tutorial program offers intensive, immediately practical tutorials on topics essential to the use, development, and administration of advanced
computing systems. Skilled instructors, who are hands-on experts in their topic areas, present both introductory and advanced tutorials covering topics such as:
System and network administration
Java and Perl topics
High availability, scalability, and reliability
Programming tools and program development
Portability and interoperability
System and network security
Client-server application design and development
Sendmail, DNS, and other networking issues
GUI technologies and builders
WWW and CGI technologies
Performance monitoring and tuning
Freely distributable software
INVITED TALKS
The Invited Talks coordinators welcome suggestions for topics and
requests proposals for particular talks. In your proposal state the main focus, include a brief outline, and be sure to emphasize why your topic is of general interest to our community. Please submit via email to ITusenix at usenix.org.
For the full call for submissions, see USENIX is the Advanced Computing Systems Association. Since 1975,
USENIX has brought together the community of engineers, system
administrators, and technicians working on the cutting edge of the
computing world. For more information about USENIX:
1. URL: 2. Email to office at usenix.org 3. Fax: 510.548.5738 4. Phone: 510.528.8649

@_date: 1998-05-14 14:11:03
@_author: Jackson Dodd 
@_subject: Announcing the Call for Papers - USENIX 1999 Annual Conference 
The Program Chair, Avi Rubin of AT&T Labs - Research, and the Program
Committee announce the availability of the Call for Papers for:
1999 USENIX ANNUAL TECHNICAL CONFERENCE
June 7-11, 1999
Monterey Conference Center, Monterey, California
Sponsored by USENIX, the Advanced Computing Systems Association
Call for Papers at
    Paper submissions due:  December 2, 1998
The Program Committee seeks original and innovative papers on the
applications, architecture, implementation, and performance of modern
computing systems. Papers that analyze problem areas and draw important
conclusions from practical experience are especially welcome. Some
particularly interesting application topics are:
               Availability
               Distributed caching and replication
               Embedded systems
               Extensible operating systems
               File systems and storage systems
               Interoperability of heterogeneous systems
               Mobile code
               Mobile computing
               Multimedia
               New algorithms and applications
               Personal digital assistants
               Quality of service
               Reliability
               Security and privacy
               Ubiquitous computing and messaging
               Web technologies
Invited Talk and tutorial suggestions and proposals are also very USENIX is the Advanced Computing Systems Association.  Its members are the computer technologists responsible for many of the innovations in computing we enjoy today.  To find out more about USENIX, visit its web site:
