
@_date: 2002-06-04 13:26:53
@_author: REV DR JAMES SMITH 
@_subject: URGENT ASSISTANCE 
Union Bank of Nigeria Plc
40, Marina
P.M.B. 106
Dear URGENT ACTION NEEDED
First, I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, this is by virtue as being utterly confidential and top secret. Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude, will make anyone apprehensive and worried but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the transaction.  We have decided to contact you due to urgency of this transaction, as well have been reliably informed of your discreetness and ability in transaction of this nature.Let me start by introducing myself properly to you, I am Rev. Dr James smith, the credit officer with the Union Bank Plc.  I came to know you in my private search for a reliable and reputable christian organisation to handle this confidential transaction, which involves the transfer of Huge sum of money to a foreign country requiring maximum confidence.
THE PROPOSITION A Foreigner, late Engr. John Creek (Snr.) an oil merchant with the Federal Government of Nigeria until his >death in Kenya Air Bus (A3 1 0 -30) flight Ko430 that crashed, banked with us at Union Bank of Nigeria PLc, Lagos and had closing balance as at the end of September 2000 worth US($35,000.000) thirty five million United State Dollars) the bank now expects a next of kin as beneficiary, valuable efforts have been made by Union Bank of Nigeria to get in touch with any member of Creek's family or relatives but to no Success. It is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late Engr. John Creek (Snr.) next to kin (He had no wife or children that are known to us) that the management under the influence of our chairman and members of Board of Directors, that arrangement has been made for the fund to be declared unclaimed, and subsequently to be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to futher enhance course of war in Africa and the world in general.
All these ideas raised are for the interest of the Islamic Countries.
As a christian, I do not subscribe to this negative development.  Therefore,  some fellow christians and I  have decided to seek a christian foundation organisation or trust that will stand as the next of  kin to  late Engineer John Creek(Snr), so that the USD 35million will be released and paid to the foundation as the beneficiary's next of kin.  Our interest is to ensure that this fund is directed to a christian organisation that will benefit my family and others  instead of willing this fund to a trust that supports war and destruction in Africa.
All  document and  proves to enable you receive this fund will be carefully worked out on your acceptance to partake in this transaction.
This transaction is 100% risk free.  My status and influences of my colleagues will be brought to bear on it.
I expect your urgent reponse.
Yours faithfully,
Rev. Dr. James Smith
