
@_date: 1995-01-26 20:05:20
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
To summarize this thread, and I hope end it.
The fans of unix correctly point out that unix can,
in principle, be configured to be really nice.
Well so can a molten lump of pig iron, in principle,
be configured to be something really nice.
Out in the real world people do not like dealing with
a molten lump of pig iron, and so it is usually not
configured to be really nice, which is why we see
people editing with vi and publishing with latex.
Now sometimes MIS creates a tiny little reserve where things really are really nice, and the secretaries are herded into this little reserve, and within this little reserve everything is almost as nice as windows.
(Unless of course you want to cut and paste formatted text and graphics between windows, under the sun OS, but hey,
that is an arcane operation that the normal user would
never want to do.  Right?  You cannot really expect MIS
to help such special power users can you?)
And that is what Bill O'Hanlon meant when he said that for ordinary naive users who had not been exposed to either operating system, unix was no worse than dos.  Herd them into the reserve and keep
them there, and it is indeed no worse than dos.
But the reserve is not really the whole operating system, it
is just a little area of safety.  And as soon as somebody
strolls outside the little reserve to do something that MIS
has not specifically planned for and arranged, half a ton of molten pig iron pours down on them, and MIS says:  "Hey, don't
do that."
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-26 20:59:43
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
I am writing this under sun's unix imitation of Microsoft's
and Apples GUI.  I am using their almost acceptable ASCII editor.
I leave a window open for a long time.
Then I attempt close down the window, an operation that I can
do in Microsoft Windows with a single double click.  In unix I click on the border to bring to popup a menu, carefull drag to the right point on the menu, then release.  In addition the menu names are confusing.  If you want to minimize a window you have to "close" it.  If you want to cause a window to cease to be, you have to "quit" it -- Hey did I not already quit it when I forgot about it and went to do something else.
A warning message comes up:  I have not saved.  I am offered the options of quiting or not quitting.
Gee guys, did it never occur to the great unix gurus that at this point the option that the user most likely wants to do is save the file.  How come the number one most common option
is not in the message box.
A thought strikes me.  I have set up Microsoft windows with a little icon that allows me to reboot or close down windows with a single double click.
What will happen if I attempt to reboot unix.  Well the answer
is obvious, seeing as unix is made of broken glass with sharp
edges everywhere, working on the principle of "You asked for
it sucker, you got it, Ha Ha, massive data loss to prove you
are no good at unix."
So I go to a terminal emulation box  (Notice how under unix
windows the number running app is terminal emulator, whereas
in Microsoft windows people use Windows applications.)
I make myself root, and enter my root password.  I type sync
three times, and then type reboot. And lo, unix reboots.
Note that this is substantially more work than double clicking
on an icon.  Note also that rebooting takes *much* longer than
with DOS/Windows.
And, as can be predicted from unix basic operating philosophy
(Cut the stupid users throat if you can) my open edit windows
are cut down *without* any message boxes popping up giving
me the option of saving this file before the reboot proceeds.
Eventually, at long, long, long, long, long, last, Unix
deigns to come back and give me some windows.
Naturally the test edits that I did just before rebooting are
lost, as I expected from the basic unix cut-the-stupid-suckers-throat philosophy.  What I did not expect is that one of the files I *did* want (and
saved immediately before rebooting), has not only not kept the
changes I made -- the file has completely DISAPPEARED! -- Too
bad sucker -- that will teach me -- maybe next time I will type
six sync commands before rebooting as a sacrifice to the great
God unix in the vain hope that it will spare my data.
Or perhaps no number of sync commands could make a difference
because some network hiccup postponed the file save, (I was saving
to a network drive) so that the file only *appeared* to be saved,
but was in reality somewhere on my machine, or somewhere on the
network, in unsynced limbo, and my privileges are not such that
I can sync the network.  Or perhaps it is just another of the
many profound mysteries of unix that enable unix gurus to make
a living.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-26 21:04:40
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
And did I mention that "make" used to treat a tab as semanticly
different from a space, so that a tab with an invisible space
in front of it would result in the makefile failing.
Oh yes, I did mention that.
Well I guess I will mention it again.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-26 21:12:01
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
And did I mention that in DOS you can type    rename *.txt *.asc
to turn all *.txt files into the corresponding *.asc file
but that if in unix you type
   mv *.txt *.asc
not only will it not rename your *.txt files to be *.asc files, but
if you have only two *.txt files it will silently destroy the
second and issue no warning that anything has gone amiss.
Hell, it is only the users data -- stupid user, he can type
it in again.
And of course I have already mentioned the unix "make" utility.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-26 21:38:06
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
And did I mention that in DOS you can type:
   dir filename /s
if you suspect that filename is in a subdirectory somewhere
and you want the computer to find it for you, but in unix you type:
   find . -name filename -print
but the entertaining thing is that if you type
   find . -name filename
find then merrily goes forth, searches for the file -- which
takes an extraordinarily long time, much longer than on
my DOS machine, and then, cheerfully throws away what it
has found, no warnings, no error message, no explanation.
find thinks to itself "Gee, the user asked me to find the file, but he did not tell me to do anything with the
information, so, I guess he just wanted me to exercise
the network and the hard drive for five minutes or so."
And did I mention "curses"
You are spared.  I will not mention "curses".
And did I mention SUID.
Well fortunately SUID has already been mentioned by other folk in the "Clinton freezes .." thread.
And did I mention that unix has no less than seven families
of metasyntactic operators, each of them different from and clashing with the others, that these families follow
no logical order of substitution that I can figure out.
Yeah, I know, that is what makes the unix shell so powerful.
It is remarkably similar to what makes a chainsaw so powerful.
It is very good at cutting your fingers off.
And once again, I wish to remind you that the unix "make"
utility used to treat spaces as semanticly different
from tabs.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-26 22:28:44
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
And another vast advantage of DOS Windows is that it is a vastly better environment for developing software than unix.
The great strength is of course symbolic debugging -- you can
single step your compiled code, and see it displayed symbolicly,
with the symbols and statements of your source code, whilst
unix programmers are usually reduced to picking through core dumps like grave robbers.
You can run your program under the debugger and set it so that
when an exception condition occurs, bingo you are in the debugger
at the line where the exception occurred, and all the variables
as they were when the exception occurred, and the rest of windows,
the graphical user interface, has been frozen until you examine the situation to your satisfaction.
Try that in Unix.
You might be able to do a crude and limited equivalent with a text mode program, but with a GUI program you are hosed.
This is the basic reason why unix software sucks -- because the
tools for writing it suck.
And every unix programmer gets to roll his own user interface,
which means that every programmer has to figure out how to roll his own user interface and every programmer does it And windows has the *.rc file system for internationalization.
A simple and powerful method for putting everything that needs
to be translated in one set of files, and nothing that needs to
be translated in the other set.  Unix has no equivalent.  So every company that needs to internationalize its product hand
rolls their own ragged equivalent to to windows *.rc and *.res
files, but it cannot be the same because they never hand roll
the tools for manipulating and using *.rc and *.res files.
Windows has power tools for dealing with this problem.  Unix
does not.  And the power tools that unix does possess not only
do not adequately address this problem, they are also likely
to cut your hands off.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-27 02:25:28
@_author: jamesd@com.informix.com 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
If you don't care then why are you flaming me, instead of deleting all the posts which I have clearly labeled as being what they are.
As to why it is vast and voluminous pile of shit, the answer is because unix is a vast and voluminous,
and I was flamed for failing to to give examples of how unix is user hostile.
Any report on the defects of unix is necessarily lengthy.
I would send off a letter, and get back to work, then immediately unix would bite me again, and I would jump
in and send off another letter.  The letters kept coming
because unix kept biting me.
If I had been working on my PC, which refrains from wantonly
destroying files and presents the most used options near
the top of menus, etc, I would have peaceably ignored
this whole silly issue.  Indeed I would not have been able
to think of a single concrete example of unix user hostility.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd at netcom.com
