
@_date: 2003-06-29 23:49:05
@_author: Simon Josefsson 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
No, I believe only one of the following situations can occur:
* Your laptop see and uses the name "yahoo.com", and the DNS server
  translate them into yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com.  If your laptop
  knows the DNSSEC root key, the attacker cannot spoof yahoo.com since
  it doesn't know the yahoo.com key.  This attack is essentially a
  man-in-the-middle attack between you and your recursive DNS server.
* Your laptop see and uses the name "yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com".
  You may be able to verify this using your DNSSEC root key, if the
  attackersdomain.com people have set up DNSSEC for their spoofed
  entries, but unless you are using bad software or judgment, you will
  not confuse this for the real "yahoo.com".
Of course, everything fails if you ALSO get your DNSSEC root key from
the DHCP server, but in this case you shouldn't expect to be secure.
I wouldn't be surprised if some people suggest pushing the DNSSEC root
key via DHCP though, because alas, getting the right key into the
laptop in the first place is a difficult problem.

@_date: 2003-06-30 06:58:02
@_author: Simon Josefsson 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
Stewart's message of "Sun, 29 Jun 2003 19:17:18 -0700")
It can be a useful feature, but it does not circumvent DNSSEC in any
way, that I can see.  DNSSEC see yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com and can
verify that the IP addresses for that host are the one that the owner
of the y.c.a.c domain publishes, and that is what DNSSEC delivers.
The bad judgement I referred to was if your software, after DNSSEC
verification, confuses yahoo.com with yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com.
I think it is simpler to have the DNSSEC root key installed with the
DNSSEC software.  If someone can replace the root key in that
distribution channel, they could also modify your DNSSEC software, so
you are no worse off.

@_date: 2003-09-16 17:58:29
@_author: Simon Josefsson 
@_subject: Verisign's Wildcard A-Records and DNSSEC Plans? 
Bill, I'm not Matt, but you may want to refer to the DNSSEC standard,
it answers your question: .
Wildcards work fine with DNSSEC.
I believe DNSSEC is the least of our worries, since DNSSEC is not used
in production, and likely won't be in its current incarnation anyway.
Wildcards in DNS at the TLD level are already used (e.g. '.nu'), so
that isn't something new, and the consequences are fairly well known.
What is new is, on the other hand, is the buggy SMTP server that
respond to all non-registered hosts.  Analyzing the consequences this
has for various anti-spam approaches might be an interesting exercise.
Same goes for other protocols that, like SMTP, behave differently
depending on if a host doesn't exist or refuse the connection.
