
@_date: 2000-10-12 00:05:41
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Rijndael & Hitachi 
Excellent ideas.
And the place to start is with Arnold Reinhold's improvement to the

@_date: 2002-08-01 20:05:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
By your own account the system is designed to give root in an manner
claimed to be incorrigible by me, but certainly inconvenient to me, to
others.  May I ask whether your definition of TCPA includes the legal and
economic infrastructures whose purpose is to require that at some date in
the future all computers sold be TCPA enabled?  If so what is the claimed
advantage to me here?  Since I can certainly today let you ssh in to my box
and run stuff in a sandbox and I can certainly decide to not observe you
running your stuff.
TCPA in any form offers no advantages whatsoever except to the

@_date: 2002-08-01 20:41:23
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
    Claimed advantage to me here?
Of course we do not agree.  Under the DRM/TCPA regime I cannot legally do
the following thing:
Spoof your handshake and then run my cracker on the encrypted data you send me.
So some software will not legally run under DRM/TCPA.
See above.  Please be precise in your response.
No.  They are exactly "software needs to be signed to run".  Otherwise why
cannot I run cp on the movie that Time-Warner-AOL sends me?
Ah, so much for your claim that all software that now runs will run under
DRM/TCPA.  You admit that software I may now run cannot be run under
No.  Under DRM every "hole" must be plugged.  Else what is the bleating
about the "analogue hole"?  So obviously no non-DRM computer may be allowed
to be sold to the general public under DRM.
Demonstration by formal admission of pro-DRM forces:
Section 4.12 of the Final Report of the Broadcast Protection Discussion Group, found in the main body of the report at
Ah, now you have fallen off the high line of the long troll.  This is simply
beneath the level of your game.  What you should do is claim that even if
DRM is enforced all over the world, that this must be, from a higher and
more encompassing viewpoint, a triumph of "the market" and the will of the
Good grief!  Please retuen to a less hopelessly ridiculous line.  If TCPA
is so good, and it "might win in the market", well, let 10,000 TCPA
implementations bloom!
I have demonstrated, by example, and by official statements of your own
side, that your claims are incorrect..
I recommend a broader. looser, and more amusing approach to the defense of
DRM.  I like the old Hegelian standard: "THE OVERMIND NEEDS DRM NOW SO AS
TO BE BORN WITHOUT RIPPING ALL HUMAN HISTORY INTO NON-EXISTENCE BY

@_date: 2002-08-02 11:25:56
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Please forgive me for being too short in my indication of what a better
longer response from me would look like, which better longer response I
hope to include in a formal submission to the Department of Commerce
taskforce on DRM.
There is nothing to be said in favor of DRM.  DRM is simply the name for
the system under which the Englobulators would have root on every home and
small business computer on Earth.
ad propaganda: If we admit the principle that it is reasonable to outlaw
the sale of computers to individuals and to outlaw the private use of
computers, we place ourselves in a false posture, and a strategically
weaker position.  The present situation is not that of twenty-five years
ago when the VCR was coming to be used in private homes.  The struggles of
those days were about trammels on limited purpose devices.  DRM is not one
trammel on a limited device, nor is it even a set of trammels on several
differtent special purpose devices.
In the above paragraph I use the word "computer" to mean computers of the
sort we have today, that is, computers which have no wiretaps and no remote
control machinery in them.
ad my repeated rhetorical question "Claimed advantage to me here?": It was
an error of rhetoric to put these questions in my response to AAARG!.
These questions require consideration of indirect effects, which may only
be roughly estimated, if we wish to be precise at the two nines level.  But
in each case, when one runs down the game/rhetoric tree, one sees that
there is never any benefit to me in the claimed useful-to-all capabilities
of DRM.  I will not be able to force my wiretaps and my remote controls on
RIAA-MPAA-AAP.  As pointed out, section 4.12 of the Final Report of the
BPDG, simply specifies that, when DRM is forced on the world, Englobulator
machines will have no TCPA/Palladium/wiretaps/remote-controls in them.
To deal with the tiny bit of truth in the claims of AARG! that some
capabilities of DRM might be beneficial to me: Yes, of coures, there are
few things that have zero benefits.  But this is hardly relevant.  A more
relevant question here is: Can we get the benefits in a better way?  And of
course, we can.  For the purposes of this narrow and hypothetical
discussion, DRM might just be considered as a dongle forced on every home
computer in the world.  The claims of benefit depend on this dongle being
usable by me to make sure that you do not do certain things with my
program/data when it is running on your computer, e.g., distribute the
movie I send you.  Well, why must the dongle be on the whole computer
system?  Why cannot it be simply a dongle that goes in a slot in a special
TV screen/speaker system?  Now this is a "product"!, why we'll sell 'em the
screens and we'll sell the dongle separately, etc..  Of course, the
Englobulators have no interest in making and selling such dongles.  Indeed,
were Phillips to start making and selling such, somehow a legal cause of
action against Phillips would be discovered and the suits would commence.

@_date: 2002-08-02 14:36:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
a. TCPA/Palladium must be integrated with laws which give to the
Englobulators absolute legal cudgel powers, such as the DMCA.  So far I
have not seen any proposal by the Englobulators to repeal the DMCA and
cognate laws, so if TCPA/Palladium is imposed, the DMCA will be used, just
as HP threatened to use it a couple of days ago.  And, of course, today
there is no imposed TCPA/Palladium, so the situation will be much worse
when there is.
b. Why must TCPA/Palladium be a dongle on the whole computer?  Why not a
separate dongle?  Because, of course, the Englobulators proceed here on
principle.  The principle being that only the Englobulators have a right to
own printing presses/music studios/movie and animation studios.
There is a business, not yet come into existence, of providing standard
crypto services to law offices.

@_date: 2002-08-02 19:27:09
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
I think that many managers in this situation would feel reassured that both
Intel and Microsoft would be handling these sensitve documents.  Else why
do lawyers use Microsoft systems to send unencrypted documents between
ad technicalities: Just one more level of indirection^Wencryption would
answer the objections of those few managers of exquisite sensibilities, who
worry about Intel/Microsoft reading their documents.

@_date: 2002-08-02 19:47:07
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
But if you just want to show movies "securely" you need not use my general
purpose and today untrammeled computer.  You can either show movies in
movie houses, or use some slightly trammeled version of a "cable ready TV",
or the variant product mentioned earlier, the "donglified monitor/speaker".
There is no need for the MPAA to "verify the integrity of the processor" if
all the MPAA wants to do is sell me tickets to movies.
What does the enforcement of the laws against copyright infringement have
to do with my general purpose and today untrammeled computer?  There is no
relation of the sort you, and all the mass media, implicitly assume here.
Indeed no OS at all should be involved in the "secure showing of movies".
It is like using the standard C libraries to write "secure code"!
My donglified monitor/speakers combination, of course, offers greater
assurance.  Here is part of my argument: the explanation of my proposed
protocols can actually be understood.
The dilemma "Either give over all the computers in the world to the
Englobulators, or never get to see another big budget Hollywood movie." is
a false dichotomy.

@_date: 2002-08-03 15:34:25
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Privacy-enhancing uses for TCPA 
< ... />
< ... />
No.  Have you included the cost of giving every computer on Earth to the
Englobulators?  If you wish, we can write an implementation of the
wonderful protocols for distributed safer card drawing and we can play our
games of poker.  And we may run our poker room on the hardware and software
we have today, no need for DRM.
Indeed today millions use toady's untrammeled hardware and, this is
incredible, Microsoft OSes to conduct their personal banking.  If "the
market" considers that present systems suffice for this, well, I do not
think that we need surrender our computers to the Englobulators to save
three man-months of programmer time.
ad next moves in the eristic tree:
You: Marginals vs. total time-space integrated costs/benefits!
I: Happy to demonstrate estimates of totals come out for my side.

@_date: 2002-08-05 15:37:29
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
< ... />
I am much in sympathy with the "Give the market a chance." slogan.  But
TCPA/Palladium/DRM and Jack Valenti are not.  Nor are you.  Phillips could
make and sell a device, even the sort of trammeled computer that Jack
Valenti wishes to be universally imposed by law, within one year from
today.  Indeed, IBM, Sun, Apple, Dell, Sony, and any number of other
companies could have sold such a device any day they wished over the past
fifteen years.  Yet they have not.  So the market has decided, by your
standard.  The decision is clear: No DRM.
Of course, the minimal demand of the pro-DRM forces is to have root on
every machine in the world, with evasion of their root control a felony.
You support DRM lock stock and barrel, no matter your demonstrably
inaccurate claims that
1. You are all for the market.
2. Well, DRM is not so bad, see, RIAA-MPAA-AAP will give us all root on
their machines, so it is all equal!
3. Why, your computer will be exactly the same under DRM as it is today,
except better!
Today Microsoft and its script children have root on many machines, yet
there is no single root password for them.  Rather there is a system, which
1. agreements with Dell, IBM, etc., to only offer for sale hardware with Microsoft OSes loaded
2. hardware that only runs right with a Microsoft OS
3. extortionate forced "license agreements" with end-users
4. hypnotic control of the mass media, which always claim that "After all,
you will have to run only Microsoft OSes forever."
5. hypnotic control of the managers who "decide" which OS to run, which
managers always claim that "After all, we have to run only Microsoft OSes
Of course, this hypnosis is mainly self-hypnosis, with only trim-tab level
direction by Microsoft, Dell, IBM, Sun, Apple, etc..

@_date: 2002-08-06 16:12:25
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Privacy-enhancing uses for TCPA 
< ... />
I think that giving root of your machine to an entity you do not trust is
not reasonable, even if it is claimed that the control so given is a
partial and compartmentalized control.  It is even more unreasonable in
case the entity has repeatedly declared
1. their deep and abiding distrust of you
2. their minimal demand to have root on all the world's general purpose
computers forever
3. their intent to obtain 2 by government mandate.
If we wish to improve security and privacy, then let us improve ssh and
GNUPG so that they can actually be installed and used by more people.  It
is better to think about and to work on our own systems than to waste time
and money and effort on discovering the endless "flaws" and "inadequacies"
and "dangers" and the endless amusing Panglossian "advantages" of
TCPA/Palladium has several faces, but one of the most important faces is
"deception, division, and diversion".  It is not a good idea to work on
improving the designs of our openly declared enemies.  Nor is it good to
spend much time examining tiny irrelevant details of TCPA/Palladium.  Every
such discussion I have seen starts by making the crudest errors in formal
logic.  Here is one important such error:
"See this tiny part of the system does not, in and of itself in isolation,
'give root' to the Englobulators, hence TCPA/Palladium is partway OK.".

@_date: 2002-08-09 15:16:34
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
< ... />
There are many solutions at the level of "technical protocols" that solve
the projection of these problems down to the low dimensional subspace of
"technical problems".  Some of these "technical protocols" will be part of
a full system which accomplishes the desired ends.  Please contact me
off-list if you willing to spend some money for an implementation.
Your claim, if true, would also demonstrate that no credit card payments
over the Net, no apt-get style updating, no Paypal-like system, no crypto
time-stamp system, etc., can exist today.
AARG!, this is again unworthy of you.  You are capable of attempting to
confuse and misdirect at a higher level.
You might wish to emphasize that the real difficulties are at the levels
where the reasons for the small usage of GNUPG lie.  That really the
"technical" details of the TCPA/Palladium system hardly matter.  What
TCPA/Palladium will allow is the provision to the masses of even more
powerful brews of fantasy, game playing, advertising, etc..  And that there
will be a small number of hobbyists who use the "unprotected ports of
TCPA/Palladium" for their own limited experiments/amusements/etc..  The
real point of TCPA/Palladium is that a "locus of trust", seemingly
guaranteed by the Powers That Be, will be created, and that the existence
of this same locus, under the facies of "locus of dealmaking/lawyering",
will so reassure the Infotainment Arm of the Englobulators that the Arm
will unleash its extraordinary forces to build and sell ever more
entrancing Palaces of Dreams.  The "unprotected ports" will allow a mostly
self-supporting farm team system which will function without much direct
oversight and little outlay of money by Englobulator Central or any of the
Arms.  The limited freedom of the Farm System, with its convenient pull
strings, for the cases where something large and not controlled by Those
Who Know Best takes off, will be a powerful lure to up and coming future
Talent, who, when the time comes, may be Signed, without today's confusing
and annoying possibility of continued independence.  Indeed, the EULA of
every system might have a section which binds users who display Marketable
Things to an automatic Arbitration of Contract.

@_date: 2002-08-13 13:43:10
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
< ... />
No.  Safe distributed computing can be attained without any such
centralized control system.  Just as thermodynamic behavior needs no
centralized system of control of atomic behavior, but rather proceeds by
way of statistical mechanics, so safe mass computations may be accomplished
by application of one engineering branch of statistical mechanics, called
information theory.  The main publications are from the Fifties and

@_date: 2002-08-15 20:55:58
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Overcoming the potential downside of TCPA 
< ... />
But I think you claimed "No root key.".  Is this not a "root key"?

@_date: 2002-07-10 17:17:06
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
< ... />
< ... />
Nonsense.  Let us remember what Palladium is:
Palladium is a system designed to enable a few large corporations and
governments to run source secret, indeed, well-encrypted, code on home
user's machines in such a way that the home user cannot see, modify, or
control the running code.
The Orwellian, strictly Animal Farmish, claim runs: "Why it is all just
perfectly OK, because anyone can run source secret, well encrypted, code in
an uncontrolled manner on anyone's machine at will!  We are all equal, it
is just that some, that is, We the Englobulators, will in practice get to
run source secret, well-encrypted, code on hundreds of millions of users'
machines while you, you will never run such code on anybody else's machine
except at a hobbyists' fair, precisely to demonstrate we are all equal.".
There are other advantages to Palladium:
No free kernel will ever freely boot on a Palladium machine.
And there is more.   If Palladium is instituted:
Microsoft will support the most vicious interpretation of the DMCA and
press for passage of the SSSCA, in order that the first crack does not
prove to the world that Palladium cannot prevent all copyright
infringement.  Microsoft will be able to say "See, it is these
GNU/BSD/XFree/Sendmail/Apache/CLISP folk who are causing all this dreadful
copyright infringement.  Why owning a non-Palladium machine should be
declared, no, not illegal, we are not monsters after all, but probative
evidence that the owner is an infringer, and more, a general infringer and
a member of the Copyright Infringement Conspiracy.  Why some of them even
write such code as the well known, and in CIC circles, widely used, tool of
infringement called 'cp'.  Senator, I know you will be as shocked as I was
when I learned what 'cp' stands for.  It stands for 'copy'.  And I do not
mean safe Englobulator-Certified Fair Use Copying, such as is provided by
the Triple X Box, which, for a reasonable license fee, allows up to six
copy-protected copies to be made before settling of accounts and
re-certification of the Box over the net.  No, I mean, raw, completely
promiscuous copying of any file on the machine, as many times as the
infringer wishes.  Without record, without payment to the artist, without
restraint.  Senator, I prefer to call cp 'The Boston Strangler', because
that is exactly what it is.  And every single non-Palladium operating
system in the world comes with cp already loaded, loaded and running.".

@_date: 2002-07-10 23:19:54
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: IP: SSL Certificate "Monopoly" Bears Financial Fruit 
Because the buyers of certificates have a different model of what they are
buying.  They neither know, nor can they care, because they do not know,
about the subtle "protocols" published over the last twenty-five years that
supposedly, if executed carefully, provide certain "guarantees".  No.  The
customers know that to get stuff they want, such as permission to put the
label "Your credit card information is secure.  We use Thawte Certificates,
Thawte, the Guarantor, your Rock of Assurance." on their PAY HERE NOW web
page, they must buy a certificate from Thawte, and not from Captain Gull
Enterprises, Division of Certificates.  The customer knows that crypto is
subtle, and only a well known large corporation can be trusted.  After all,
they have the resources, and the name, and if you do not use them, and
something goes wrong, well perhaps a canny lawyer might be able to show
that you were not using the industry standard, which might lose you the

@_date: 2002-07-31 11:35:34
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
If they do not restrict what programs I may run, then presumably, under
TCPA, I might run a cracking program on an encrypted file I obtained via
TCPA handshake+transmissal?
The claims that TCPA, Palladium, etc. do not give root to the Englobulators
is, on its face, ridiculous.  Their main design criterion is to do so.

@_date: 2003-11-19 04:25:35
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] STANFORD LOCAL: Wednesday 19 November 2003: 
that Palladium is good for you, Richard Stallman asks your help in telling
 the truth
---------- Forwarded message ----------
At this event tomorrow, Microsoft will try to present Palladium as a
security measure.  It would be useful if a few people who understand
the issues of treacherous computing and security could show up there
and point out flaws in that argument meant to justify Palladium.
Flaws could include (1) that in practice this "solution" wouldn't
solve the whole problem unless users' usage is grievously limited,
and (2) you could do as much for security in other ways that won't
attack the user's freedom.

@_date: 2005-02-03 01:13:41
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
After TCPA systems are the only systems for sale at CompUSA, how long
before this off switch is removed?  All agree we live in a time of crisis;
at any moment MICROSOFT/RIAA/MPAA/HOMSECPOL/CONGREGATIONOFMARTYRS may
require of all of us an attestation of faith and obedience greater and more
secure than present hardware can convincingly convey.

@_date: 2011-03-02 15:34:18
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Store-and-forward is a necessity 
I have glanced at the documentation of the remarkable work of
Zooko O'Whielacronx and the Tahoe team:
  And ZRTP:
  may help us to produce a system of encrypted
file-transfer/email/general-over-the-Net-communication which
meets my standard constraint:
  Two people who have Net connected computers behind
  NAT/fire/proxy walls can spend ten minutes on the phone and set
  up the link; only one of the two need have heard of the link
  software before the telephone call.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2011-03-14 15:07:38
@_author: Jay Sulzberger 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] ZRTP is free software, and is used 
Here is the official announcement:
  Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org
