
@_date: 1995-10-01 09:50:03
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: MITM attacks, the day after ... 
I suppose C2 got as many "do you know how hard it is" complaints as
I have, or more. But dispite that, several people broke keys.
There seem at this point to be two messenger or man in the middle attacks
on SSL that have enough merit to explore further.
  Attack client binaries to suppress certificate validation, and accept
ones forged by the filter/MITM. The binary attack could occur during down
load from NetScape (a good ISP level attack) or after the fact with a virus.
The client binary would be normally functioning with servers other than the
attacking MITM filter.
  Present client with the filters valid certificate and hope that in the
rare case the user looks, that they will not question it, or even know what
a valid one from the real server is.
Since detection is possible in both of these, attack only a few percent of the
traffic until the heat is on, then lay dormant or move to a different site.
Suggested to me this morning was taking a harder look proxy servers.

@_date: 1995-10-02 18:48:00
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Agreed, within limits. Security as "Marketed" by NetScape goes far past
just claiming SSL to be secure, including the use of NetScape client
and servers as secure. With this expanded model, attacking NetScapes
claim of security includes attacking the process and enviornment that
they provide to endusers and info mall businesses. In this case
electronicaly distributing clients in a hostile environment is a gross
disregard for endusers security needs, traded off for ease of distribution.
I probably should not have included virus attacks, and just focused
upon the main problem ... unsecured network transmission of clients.
As it stands, a third party with minimal trouble can compromise a very
large number of NetScape clients and capture the dredit card data for
those users who would otherwise expect their transactions to be secure.
To take the ground that their product is secure in a secure environment
is meaningless ... the product value they seem to offer is security in
a non-secure environment - which I don't think is true, and I gather
you might agree?
Again, we agree that this reflect negatively on NetScapes claims of
security in an unsecure environment?
As an aside, readers in private have suggested that a signature by
Verilog as the CA my not be required, quoting that until receintly,
NetScape signed their own certificates. This seems that the MITM
can choose his own CA, possibly of his own design to sign false
Or Mallet places the order in Alice's name defering the chances of detection
until enough cards numbers are aquired to make a run on the bank. There is
tremendous value in forstalling the point of detection and the location of
the MITM becoming known. If Alice get's her goods promptly she is much less
likely to question the transaction.
But it is a clear attack on NetScape's advertised "security" for end users.
Almost all sucessfull crooks/thieves have a front business to launder their
money thru. In this case you can steal customers just by redirecting your
competitor's DNS records to your server ... With a similar home page
and ordering/catalog screens they might never notice the switch, certainly
not first time customers. Gee nobody would probably own up to the occasional
named failures that could also cause this.
Somehow I don't think this is what endusers of info mall owners consider
and on the physical security of the site plus it's network connections,
the trustworthyness of it's internal staff and contractors, and it's ability
to deliver service in the face of failures and disasters, both man made
and natural.
Security includes more than just crypto correctness, in this case it
include denial of service attacks as well has physical site attacks.
In this case I strongly suspect that bombing Verilog would shutdown
net commerce for a while. Certainly it's employees are in a position
to earn high six figures for the key algorithm or a copy of the key
As for the policy, it has to include mom & pops and young business owners
setting out to make their honest fortune on the net ... unfortunately
this profile includes the evil side as well. I don't think restricting
info mall business to the fortune 500 is that we have in mind here.
As such, I don't think screening by the CA takes us very far at all.
Volume greatly affect the risk factor. Giving a merchant number to a
business means that only the number of people that can walk-in or
phone in to that merchants store are at risk. Stolen cards are handled
differently than stolen numbers. Stolen numbers are cross correlated
by past purchase locations by store, and if possible by register location
and employee. There is a strong pointer to the person(s) involved.
Skimming card numbers off the net has the potential to cross vendors,
geographic areas, and other determinates that would aid in locating the
source of the tap. The number of card numbers exposed has the potential
to be several orders of magnitude higher, and remain undetected for quite
some time. The net offers the ability to place a large number of orders
in a short period of time for very high valued merchandice for delivery
to what would appear proper customers ... and using the UPS/FedX example
picking off the proceeds in a centralized low security location. With
another computer store front on the net, you turn the same hijacked goods
into full value shipments in a few days ... and maybe coordinate the
bogus orders and hijackings to meet your customers demands.
Or for an economic terrorist create $100 million in bogus orders and
deliveries to drive the system into failure.
Gone are the days when sheer man-power limited your exposure.  Gone
are the days when a sturdy building, good doors and locks, and a
security system backed by Well Fargo staff would protect your business.
Security in our network context includes not only the protection of
the individual consumer, but the info mall vendors and the future of
the medium as a viable way to do business. NetScape I believe is working
toward all three of these goals, I strongly disagree with the short
cuts and risks they are taking to get there.
John Bass

@_date: 1995-10-02 19:28:43
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Sorry David,
not cyphered text for the SSL stream. Combine your program with SLL code
from other sources and 95% of the program is complete. Add to that a way
to produce a valid certificate for the client and you will earn the $50
and a lot of praise for a job well done from everybody.
For the rest of you, David gave you a small jump start. Checkout the
web pages at C2.org and netscape.com for access to the ssl prototype
Have fun,
John Bass
Owner, DMS Design

@_date: 1995-09-30 12:10:47
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Well guys and gals ...
I spent some time reading documentation on the www servers for NetScape
and Community ConneXion (c2.org).
The "messenger attack" as described in my earlier posts regarding
public key encryption and key management seems to apply to NetScape's SSL.
I have a Fifty dollar bill for the first person to submit to the mail box
nethack at dmsd.com a working Unix server (with cleartext session logs) which
accepts all connections on a unix based host to the www port and redirects
them to netscape.com leaving a clear text log of each session's SSL packets
in /tmp by session.  All entries become the property of DMS Design. The winner
and I will submit a claim for one of Community COnneXion's "I HACKED NETSCAPE"
tee shirts as a server hack. (Have Fun!!)
After a careful examination of NetScapes public documentation it appears
that SSL which is based upon RSA's public key technology may be down for the
count. The fall of SSL would doom NetScapes current claim of "Strong exhortable
cryptography for credit card-based financial transactions" as outlined
in Taher Elgamal's (NetScape's Chief Scientist) white paper titled
"COMMERCE ON THE INTERNET: CREDIT CARD PAYMENT APPLICATIONS OVER THE INTERNET"
Version 1.00 dated July 14, 1995 which can be found on the www as
 SSL doc can be found as
John L. Bass
Owner, DMS Design

@_date: 1995-09-30 12:26:04
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
In case SSL packets are not available from NetScape homepage server,
use the netscape server of your choice in the contest ...
have fun,

@_date: 1995-09-30 12:39:36
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
and yes I'll accept server hacks which run's on linux and bsd too :)

@_date: 1995-09-30 15:14:10
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Ok, several people have asked:
client ->       filter                          Client sends packet with K(c)
                filter ->       Server          filter forwards packet with K(f)                filter       <- Server          Server sends encrypts with K(f)
client       <- filter                          filter re-encrypts with K(c)
As the protocol progresses the filter also uses the master key,
and follows the renegotiation as the master key expires.
The existance of a working filter is enough to invalidate the security in
NetScape's claims.
hacking a DMS server is one way, spoofing a DNS reply to named is easier,
simply packaging the filter into a router/bridge close to the server
is more effective ... even if hacking the incoming phoneline/T1 line
to the server and inserting a very transparent bridge AKA a phone tap.
There is enough dollars to make the risks ... :)
BTW ... how do I join for these two list? Where are they archived to
catchup with past traffic?

@_date: 1995-09-30 15:40:11
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
No ... the public part of any server private key is held by the filter
and not returned to the client. The client only encrypts with public
keys provided by the filter. The Server only encrypts with public keys
provided by the filter. The filter has cleartext of the entire session.

@_date: 1995-09-30 15:50:19
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Ok ... one more time ... the filter has to replace the client/server
keys in the packet stream with it's own ...

@_date: 1995-09-30 21:46:56
@_author: John L. Bass 
@_subject: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
So is the Tee Shirt offer, and so is cracking the RSA public key
algorithm ... the point is that at least two teams did it.
My offer is trival in $$'s I agree, but the challenge I offer is to
focus on the weaknesses of SSL rather than it's strengths (large keys).
I suspect this is easier than most people think, so maybe I should
offer a Tee Shirt instead?
I suspect the certificates can be attacked in one of several ways.
The most likely is that the filter can use the servers certificate and fake,
forge, or simply subsititue a valid one in the filters name for the client.
This might mean that the filter has to become a trusted server as well.
I don't see any problems with the filter playing client to the server
given the SSL protocol.
Another is since the clients are often distributed
over the net, that another filter is installed recognize clients and alter
them on the fly to avoid the client/filter problem in the future.
Another tack is based on getting very close to the server (in a bridge or
router in the direct path to the server) in which the filter might acutally
be able to get the get valid certificates signed in the servers name, while
eating the real requests.
The reality is that all three parties are strangers, and I have had doubts
about the very nature of certificates & public key in this case.
John Bass
DMS Design
