
@_date: 2001-04-11 15:43:58
@_author: Jim Bovard 
@_subject: Matt- seeking info on U.N. Summit on Guns 
I wonder if I could impose on you to post a request for info to your amazingly well-informed list members on the UN Global Firearms Summit.  Your previous posting of my request for help on the SWAT article for Playboy was immensely helpful.
I am a journalist working on a magazine article on the United Nations Global Firearms Summit scheduled for July in New York.  A recent United Nations video, "Armed to the Teeth: The Worldwide Plague of Small Arms," declared, "Small arms are not fussy about the company they keep. They're constantly traveling from conflict to conflict, and they can murder indiscriminately."
Such statements have raised concerns about whether the summit could be a stepping stone towards an international agreement to restrict private gun ownership.
I am seeking information on the following:
1) Any details or other information on what will happen at the summit and the impact the summit might have on the rights of civilian gun 2) Statements by the United Nations in the past regarding citizens' right to own firearms
3) Statements, positions, or actions on civilians' right to own guns by some of the key attendees or foreign governments involved in the I would be much obliged for any hard facts or solid quotes anyone could provide.
Jim Bovard
jbovard at his.com
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, 2175 Bayfield Drive, Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-06-22 09:33:44
@_author: Jim Bovard 
@_subject: Matt - FBI Oversight by Bootlicking Senators? 
Thought you might get a laugh out of this piece on the Senate Judiciary Committee's first FBI oversight hearing.
I don't think there is going to be any BS shortage in Washington this summer.
take it easy
Bovard's Batterings
June 22, 2001
American Spectator Online     FBI Oversight by Bootlicking Senators?
By James Bovard
The Constitution has been saved! The Senate Judiciary Committee last week held the first of a series of oversight hearings on the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Committee chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) set a lofty tone in his opening statement: "Our purpose in holding these hearings is to find ways to restore confidence in the FBI, not to tear it down. There are many irresponsible critics of the FBI who promote their conspiracy theories on Internet Websites and in the popular media."
However, anyone who sat through the hearing would have to wonder which is more deluded -- the typical anti-FBI website or the U.S. The senators supposedly came to discover and proclaim truth. Instead, they did as they usually do -- they groveled at the mere mention of the FBI and competed to heap laurels on the heads of federal agents. The only thing that kept most senators from actually licking boots was FBI Director Louis Freeh's decision to spurn Leahy's invitation to testify at the hearing.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Cal), in her opening statement, proudly announced that "I went through the Ruby Ridge hearings and I went through the Waco hearings," which the Senate Judiciary committee conducted in 1995. Her choice of words is accurate: She had sat there like a potted plant during those hearings -- except when she made inane comments or sought to impede other senators from uncovering federal malfeasance.
A big clue that Wednesday's hearing was a farce was the lead-off witness: John "Saint Jack" Danforth, Janet Reno's hand-picked special counsel on Waco. Danforth was his usual pious self, repeatedly assuring senators that the FBI did nothing "dark" at Waco. Danforth's remarks stirred no controversy -- in the committee's view, evidently, there couldn't be anything "dark" about sending in tanks in broad daylight to gas young children.
Senators are anguishing over the need to create a new oversight mechanism to make double-sure that all FBI agents obey the law. Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) and Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) announced a bill to create a "blue ribbon commission to conduct a top-to-bottom review" of the FBI. Their press release noted that the commission would "be made up of top law enforcement experts." Schumer hailed the FBI as "the premier law enforcement agency in the world" and Hatch gushed that the FBI is "one of the finest law enforcement agencies in the world."
It is most ironic to have Schumer and Hatch in the forefront of FBI "reform" -- since they were two of the biggest FBI apologists. Hatch worked mightily in 1995 to block Sen. Arlen Specter (R-PA)'s valiant efforts to conduct an investigation into federal abuses at Ruby Ridge. Hatch even publicly praised FBI sniper Lon Horiuchi - who killed Vicki Weaver as she stood in her cabin door holding her baby

@_date: 2001-10-02 08:46:25
@_author: Jim Bovard 
@_subject: 9/11 Debacle Spurs Blind Trust in Government 
Thought you might get a laugh out of the following piece.
FreeMatt's Alerts have been probably the finest source of news & ideas I have seen since the 9/11 terrorist attacks. You have been putting out great stuff!
take it easy,
Investor's Business Daily
October 2, 2001
Government Trust Grows Despite Its Inability to Protect
by JAMES BOVARD
Like a phoenix rising from the ashes, Americans' trust in government is
soaring after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The number of people who
trust the government to do the right thing has doubled since last year, and now
is more than three times higher than in 1994. According to a Washington Post poll
released on Sept. 27, 64% of Americans now "trust the government in Washington
to do what is right" either "just about always" or "most of the time."
Ronald Brownstein, a Los Angeles Times columnist, declared on Sept. 19: "At
the moment the first fireball seared the crystalline Manhattan sky last
week, the entire impulse to distrust government that has become so central
to U.S. politics seemed instantly anachronistic." Brownstein's headline - "The
Government, Once Scorned, Becomes Savior" - captured much of the
establishment media's response to the attacks.
It is puzzling that trust in government would soar after the biggest
intelligence/law enforcement failure since the surprise attack on Pearl
Harbor. At least in the first weeks after the attack, the federal
government's prestige appears higher than at any time since the start of
the  Vietnam War.
The Post poll also revealed that the disastrous attacks of Sept. 11 greatly
increased Americans' confidence that government will protect them against
terrorists.  From 1995 through 1997, the results consistently showed that only between
35% and 37% of Americans had "a great deal" or "a good amount" of  confidence
that the feds would deter domestic attacks by terrorists. In hindsight, the
public was far more prescient than were the Washington policy-makers who
chose not to make defending against such attacks a high priority.
In the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks, confidence in government's
ability to deter terrorist attacks has soared - clocking in at 66%, almost double
the percentage in the most recent previous Washington Post poll on this
question in June 1997.
The bigger the catastrophe, the more credulous many people seem to become.
The worse government failed to protect people in the past, the more certain
most people become that government will protect them in the future.
Prominent liberals are capitalizing on the new mood to call for razing the
restraints on government power. Wall Street Journal columnist Al Hunt says
it's "time to declare a moratorium on government-bashing.... For the foreseeable future,
the federal government is going to invest or spend more, regulate more and exercise more
control over our lives," he rejoices.
"There is no real debate over expansion (of government power) in general."
Washington Post columnist Jim Hoagland snipped, "Ideologues on the right
saw government as an evil to be rolled back." In a breathtaking leap of logic,
he reasons: "The terror assaults on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon
... should profoundly shake the less-is-more philosophy that was the
driving force for the tax-cut politics of Bush and conservative Republicans."
But there is no evidence that Osama bin Laden targeted the U.S. because of
ire over George Bush's proposal to reduce the estate tax. Hoagland's effort
is reminiscent of liberal efforts after the assassination of John F.
Kennedy to paint right-wingers everywhere as unindicted co-conspirators in
Kennedy's killing.
It is difficult to understand how the failures of the CIA, the FBI, and the
Federal Aviation Administration could generate a blank check for all other
federal agencies to exert more control over 270 million Americans. The
success of the disastrous attacks of Sept. 11 were due far more to gross
negligence and a shortage of competence than to a shortage of power.
The federal government needs sufficient power to protect Americans against
terrorist attacks and to harshly punish the perpetrators of the recent attacks. But
such power shouldn't place a golden crown on the head of every would-be
bureaucratic dictator, from the lowest village zoning enforcer to the most
deluded federal agency chieftain.
The blind glorification of government, now popular, puts almost all
liberties at grave risk. At least for the time being, people have lost any
interest in government's batting average - either for actually protecting
citizens or for abusing power. The best hope for the survival and defense
of liberty is that enough Americans will recall the type of history lessons
that public schools never teach.
At this time of national crisis, we must forget neither our political
heritage nor the inherent limits of any governmental machinery.
Government has a vital role in defending Americans from deadly foreign
threats. But nothing that happened on Sept. 11 or since changed the
fundamental nature of American government.
James Bovard is the author of "Feeling Your Pain: The Explosion & Abuse of
Government Power in the Clinton-Gore Years"(St. Martin's Press, 2000) and a
policy advisor to the Future of Freedom Foundation.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2002-01-10 23:21:08
@_author: Jim Bovard 
@_subject: Matt - Fighting Terrorism, Saving Tyrants 
Thought you might enjoy this bouquet for the war on terrorism.
take it easy,
              USA Today   January 10, 2002
                   Don't bed down with tyrants to fight terrorism
                   By James Bovard
                   President Bush recently declared: "So long as anybody's
                   terrorizing established governments, there needs to be a war."
                   Bush rightfully sought international support for the campaign
                   to put the al_Qaeda terrorist network out of business. But the
                   war on terrorism threatens to become a license for tyranny.
                   The United Nations is concerned that an expansive call for
                   governments to crack down on terrorism - a crime that is not
                   clearly defined - is spurring a surge of oppression around the
                   world. Los Angeles Times writer William Orme detailed some of
                   the ways governments are exploiting the new war to repress
                   their citizens:
                   The Cuban government, as part of its war on terrorism, added a
                   new law allowing the death penalty for anyone who uses the
                   Internet to incite political violence.
                   Zimbabwe's war on terrorism includes a proposal to                    any critical comment about President_dictator Robert Mugabe.
                   Syria bragged to the U.N. that financial support for
                   terrorists was effectively curtailed by the absence of any
                   private banking system or independent charities, Orme
                   reported. In other words, a government that totally destroys
                   freedom expects to be applauded as an anti_terrorist  superstar.
                   Bacre Waly Ndiaye, a chief U.N. human_rights officer, recently
                   complained: "In some countries, non_violent activities have
                   been considered as terrorism, and excessive measures have been
                   taken to suppress or restrict individual rights, including the
                   presumption of innocence, the right to a fair trial, freedom
                   from torture, privacy rights, freedom of expression and
                   assembly, and the right to seek asylum."
                   Many of these complaints, in fact, apply to the actions of the
                   Bush administration. A new law decimates individual privacy by
                   giving the FBI the de facto right to vacuum up practically
                   anyone's e_mail. Permanent resident aliens who publicly
                   criticize the U.S. government's war on terrorism can be banned
                   from re_entering the United States. Some have floated the
                   suggestion that permitting the torture of suspects could help
                   avert future terrorist attacks. And Bush's executive order for
                   military tribunals threatens to bring unsavory aspects of
                   Third World "justice" to American shores.
                   A myopic focus on private_sector criminals risks giving a
                   green light to more dangerous government abuses. A core
                   fallacy of the war on terrorism - as opposed to attacking and
                   destroying al_Qaeda - is that terrorism is worse than anything
                   else imaginable. Unfortunately, governments have committed far
                   worse abuses than al_Qaeda or any other terrorist cabal.
                 Official murderers
                   Mass murder was the most memorable achievement of some
                   20th_century governments. The Black Book of Communism, a 1997
                   scholarly French compendium, detailed how 85 million to 100
                   million people came to die at the hands of communist regimes
                   in the Soviet Union, China, Cambodia and elsewhere. In Death
                   by Government, R.J. Rummel declared that some 170 million
                   people were killed in one of "the myriad ways governments have
                   inflicted death on unarmed, helpless citizens and                   By raising terrorist attacks to the pinnacle of political
                   evil, the war on terrorism implicitly sanctifies whatever
                   tactic governments use in the name of repressing terrorism.
                   But, in the long run, people have far more to fear from
                   governments than from terrorists.
                    Bush's labeling of attacks on any "established government" as
                   a justification of counterterrorism ignores the fact that some
                   governments are little more than criminal conspiracies against
                   their victims. The United States was created as a result of
                   popular uprisings and attacks on an established government
                   that was far less oppressive than many current regimes in
                   Africa and Asia.
                   The Bush administration must find a way to fight terrorism
                   without sanctifying tyranny. The word "terrorism" must not
                   become an incantation that miraculously razes all existing
                   limits on government power. The fact that governments such as
                   Syria and Zimbabwe can justify their oppression by invoking
                   the war against terrorism is an embarrassment to anyone who
                   both opposes terrorism and favors human rights.
         James Bovard is the author of Lost Rights (St. Martin's Press, 1994)  and Freedom in
                   Chains (St. Martin's, 1999).
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
