
@_date: 1995-08-16 16:15:55
@_author: Joe Buck 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
Congratulations on demonstrating the effort required to break SSL with
a 40-bit key.  It seems clear demonstrated that this is not adequate to
store, say, company-confidential information for communication over
insecure networks, since it seems the average grad student at a large
university could get access to similar computing power that you used
(spare cycles on a hundred workstations or more).
However, I disagree with your conclusion:
Your credit card number, expiration date, etc, are continually being
revealed to minimum-wage clerks all the time, unless you never use the
card.  A chain is only as strong as its weakest link; it makes no sense to
buy an expensive lock when your door has a big enough opening to climb
through.  Should some bad person get hold of your card number and misuse
it, you're not out any money: you just tell the card company "I didn't buy
that".  Since there's so much tracing in the system, if you buy a physical
something with a stolen credit card number it can usually be traced to you
(who'd they ship the package to?).  It's not clear to me that *any*
encryption is really essential if the only purpose is to protect credit
card  from snoopers.
There's plenty of stuff that *does* need protection, but I'm not sure
credit card  head the list.
Q: Of the 20,000 credit card  stolen from Netcom's computer, how many
were used to buy things?  Answer: not sure, but expect the answer is "zero".

@_date: 1995-08-16 19:25:19
@_author: Joe Buck 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
Yes, it's true that this contributes to high interest rates (though
defaults cost more than fraud).
Doesn't matter, this is a disincentive to theft and you are never liable
unless you lost your physical card.
It would cost billions to get every single merchant that accepts credit
cards set up with PIN equipment.
You have to make sure the clerk that gets your order doesn't see the
PIN (so you need a secure path between you and your credit card co.
that avoids the merchant).  And what about the tellers?  Do you know
how badly they are treated?  They can get all those   Yes, it
can be done: ATMs are set up that way.  But as long as it's not done,
those who scream at the horrors of sending credit card  over the
net aren't thinking clearly.
Never forget that social engineering is the easiest hack.  Technical
solutions that ignore wide-open social engineering paths are worse
than useless (worse because they give an illusion of security).
