
@_date: 1996-03-28 08:07:31
@_author: James Bugden 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
Wednesday, March 27, 1996 9:55 AM, Tim May wrote
If I can paraphrase, you argue as follows:
1) People learn languages of those they may interact with. 2) Americans do not interact with (enough) non-English speakers.
3) Therefore, learning another language does not help the goals of Americans.
While your phrase refers to geographical proximity, I think we could agree that the essential factor is that you interact with those that are close. If you never talk to your neighbours, you don't need to understand their language.
So my question: Do you not see the irony of writing this on the internet?
Plus ca change, plus c'est pareil.
Many threads within Cypherpunks have stated the irrelevancy of national boundaries
in this age of global communications. I would suggest that geographical proximity is
irrelevant for similar reasons. But the ability to communicate requires the ability to comprehend. While it may be true that "it is not at all clear what language Americans should pick as a 'second language'", it does not follow that you would not benefit from knowing one. Of course, this may be a chicken and egg problem in which your benefit is unclear before you learn a second language, but your motivation is zero unless you see the benefit.
If we choose to be unilingual, it is not because we would lack opportunity to use another language, but because we choose to decline such opportunity.
James Bugden
jbugden at alis.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 02:57:14
@_author: James Bugden 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign langua 
Q: What do you call an American company that ported its internet software to 22 different langauges in order to compete in the world?
A: Microsoft
So the question is: Who do you want as a neighbour and/or trading partner?
Actually, you promised me that you'd sign up to learn "Swedish. No, wait, to learn Polish. Or is it Japanese, or Greek, or Hindi, or...."
But why bother going to all that trouble. Everything you need to be able to encounter another language is right in front of you.
 could be one place to start.
But perhaps my point is misdirected. Even those who speak English and
share a similar culture can find it hard to communicate sometimes.
jbugden at alis.com

@_date: 1997-07-25 05:39:53
@_author: jbugden@alis.com 
@_subject: Internet makes resistance futile, Clinton aide warns 
Internet makes resistance futile, Clinton aide warns
This byline appeared in The Financial Post of July 24, 1997 at the top of the
front page.
The subsequent article discussed not crypto, but Canadian attempts to regulate
television content. Even so, the second paragraph is succinct, and applicable to
both debates. "Ira Magaziner, Clinton's international emissary on the issue of how governments
should respond to the explosive growth of business on the Net, said any attempt
to regulate its content would not only be a mistake, it would be futile."
Perhaps someone should get Mr. Magaziner back to Washington to explain this to
the administration.
jbugden at alis.com
Great minds think alike, fools seldom differ.

@_date: 1997-10-08 05:00:02
@_author: jbugden@alis.com 
@_subject: Four horsemen skew Internet 
While I'm not too concerned about your present state of happiness, if you read
the cited article, you may find that it is less off-topic than you thought. The
quote was chosen as a "text-bite" that - while echoing sentiments familiar to
many people on this list - is seldom heard from within the US administration.
Magaziner's often been good for politically inopportune statements. To quote from an article in a Canadian business newspaper in late July:
"Ira Magaziner, Clinton's international emissary on the issue of how governments
should respond to the explosive growth of business on the Net, said any attempt
to regulate its content would not only be a mistake, it would be futile."
Let's wish him success in his current endeavours, ;-)
-----Original Message-----
Sent:   Tuesday, October 07, 1997 3:35 PM
This is an off-topic rant.  Anyone who wants to make me happy will convince
the NYT to investigate the following question:
How did Magaziner get to be "Clinton's Top Internet Adviser"?
Last I knew, he was the Clintons' "Top Health Care Adviser".
That is, after he was Rick Miller's  $1k/hr "Top Wang Labs Turnaround
Adviser", 1 year before they declared bankruptcy.  For a guy with such a
string of successes, he seems to keep popping up someplace new.
