
@_date: 1996-08-02 07:01:33
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: [Editorial] Privacy commisioner right-Canada 
Privacy commisioner right
Ottawa Citizen, July 31
Bruce Phillips, the privacy commisioner, has again called for reinforcements to
defend personal privacy against the assaults of commercialism and technology. It
is a call that demands action-from the federal government, Parliament and every
The commisioner's annual report proposes two essential recommendations. First,
the government should make the protection of privacy a condition of sale
whenever a government enterprise is sold to the private sector. Second, the
government and Parliament must pass a law extending the enforcement of privacy
rights to private-sector businesses in federal jurisdiction.
Phillips is right. As thousands of public servants are transferred out of
government service, they lose the protection of the Privacy Act -- which covers
only government departments and agencies. And as more personal information about
all of us accumulates in the corporate sector, there is an intensified public
interest in extending legal protections.
Phillips acknowledges the profitability of buying, selling and exploiting
personal data on employees and customers. And he sees the power of new
technologies to make privacy violations faster, cheaper, more comprehensive and
always more intrusive.
But he insists that preserving personal privacy is both possible and necessary:
"If we discard the notion of privacy and simply treat one another as data
subjects, as objects of surveillance, we abandon that fundamental, democratic
notion of autonomy and self-determination."
Right Again.

@_date: 1996-08-03 03:14:22
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
It is important to consider cultural factors when deciding how groups will react
to differing standards of legal and permissible actions. For example, a brief
summary of the basic tenets held by some different European cultures are given
British: Everything is permitted, unless it is forbidden.
German: Everything is forbidden, unless it is permitted.
France: Everything is permitted, especially if it is forbidden.
Au revoir,

@_date: 1996-08-03 06:23:25
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Courtesy, Clubs and Clinton 
Excerpt from Clinton's golf war Teed-off clubbers grumble president plays too slow, disrupts things
Congressional Country Club Secretary Tim May confirms that some members have complained about the president, but insists that "more members are delighted the president is playing at our club."
Is there something that Tim isn't telling us? ;-)

@_date: 1996-08-08 03:53:00
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
I've seen the same problem in a department store in Ottawa. They would not
accept a Canadian Passport as identification for payment by cheque but would
accept various credit cards and similar devices.
My conclusion was that they wanted something that would show my friend's credit
worthiness, not prove his identity.
Declan McCullagh

@_date: 1996-08-08 09:29:38
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
Sent:   Wednesday, August 07, 1996 3:35 PM
In the case cited above, I confirmed with the store's credit department that a
Canadian passport was not considered a valid piece of ID. I suggested that this
was due to credit concerns but they denied this. For obvious reasons, I did not
believe them.
My opinion is that a rule that stated "two pieces of ID that showed credit
worthiness" was either too complicated or too unpalatable to use. Instead, the
rule is "two pieces of ID" with the definition of ID tacitly restricted to items
that indicate credit status. Either that, or Canadian passports are too easy to
get forged in Ottawa.
This "keep it simple stupid" approach showed itself this week when I attempted
to order replacement cheques from my bank over the phone. I was told that they
needed my signature, but a signed fax request would be sufficient. I remarked
that it was trivial to apply a forged signature to a fax. The response from the
person was - wait for it - that I would then have to come in and sign for it in
person. It was impossible to convince them that this was not just a problem with
my fax machine, but a problem in general.
Eventually, I typed up a fax request in Word, pasted in my previously scanned
signature, and sent this to the bank. This made them happy, but I might be
changing banks soon.
In the physical world, a big lock or a steel door can indicate good security.
Most people can evaluate the strength of this type of security fairly well.
Until we have good analogies for the equivalent types of digital security, we
will continue to face real problems.

@_date: 1996-08-21 03:01:00
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: [NOISE] Naked woman decrapitates man on Internet!!! 
others every day. They just got caught. At least he's >immortalized on the Net.
Only 24 hours in each day. How do you spend your time?
Spray my name on a subway train
Carve my name in a video game
Out looking for the camera crew
Sell my soul for a second on the six-o'clock news
Gonna live 'til the bubble pops
Hold my breath when the big one drops
Immortality is what I'm buying
But I'd rather be immortal
                by not dying.

@_date: 1996-08-22 06:19:41
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
qut at netcom.com (Skip)
political ideas, ... Re: Ernst Zndel and his years of imprisonment by a court for merely expressing his racist ideas, racist political ideas being strictly illegal in Canada...
Actually, he was charged with inciting hatred against a recognizable group but
was eventually freed on appeal. I think the problem was that the prosecution
could not find anyone who listened to Zundel and didn't already hate the same
groups. Hence, no incitement.
He is currently fighting to get his Canadian citizenship, (he is a German
citizen) while many other people are fighting to prevent this. Zundel believes
that returning to Germany would result in imprisonment.
It's nice to know that the people we imprison for their views are still willing
to go to court to become a Canadian citizen.
Nota: Quebec recently held a referendum on seperation from Canada. Just talk about secession of a state in the U.S., and you'll quickly see which
country makes political ideas illegal.

@_date: 1996-08-22 07:58:25
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: [Noise] RE: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
that we need to be on the lookout for, but the Post is >actively engaging in
bias in its news stories, NOW.
My God! Could Chomsky be right after all?
A favorite story on Bosnia was an interview I saw with Noam Chomsky and Canadian
Major General Lewis Mackenzie who had led the Canadian forces in Bosnia. The
interviewer asked Chomsky some question about the real goals of the West in this
crisis and he gave some biting response about them having no motivation to
resolve the conflict but simply appear to be acting while continuing to follow
various policies that were cynical, amoral and contradictory to their stated
public goals. Lewis Mackenzie is then asked to rebut this view but instead he
agrees with Chomsky's analysis and goes on to give specific examples that he
faced first hand.
More Canadiana: The man who recently snuck into the Canadian Prime Minister's
residence and tried to assassinate him was released from jail last week after
serving three months. Fortunately, he did not call him names.

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:08:11
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: [Noise] RE: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Acti... 
! Nota: Quebec recently held a referendum on seperation from Canada.
! Just talk about secession of a state in the U.S., and you'll quickly see ! which country makes political ideas illegal.
qut at netcom.com (Skip, OBC)
Actually, my comment was exactly the opposite. You may not be aware of what goes
on with your neighbour to the north, but the province of Quebec currently has a
government whose stated intention is independence from Canada. The recent public referendum for a mandate to seceed was defeated by a very
small margin: 51% to 49% with 95% voter turnout.
"Her majesty's loyal opposition" in the parliament (the Bloq Quebecois) has the
same raison d'etre - Independence of Quebec from Canada.
I do not believe that freedom of speech in the U.S.A. extends to actively
agitating for secession or the overthrow of the federal government.

@_date: 1996-08-30 05:12:52
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Desubscribe 
Lets face it. It's not a lack of volition, it is a lack of ability. Perry
couldn't desubscribe MrAdvent at aol.com even if he wanted to.
I can't unsubscribe myself even when I follow the instructions.
When I send an e-mail, the header contains two equivalent addresses:
jbugden at smtplink.alis.ca and jbugden at alis.com.
Unfortunately, there is some logic in majordomo that is not symmetric so that
while I can subscribe as jbugden at alis.com, I can not unsubscribe since majordomo
notices jbugden at smtplink.alis.ca in the header and treats the attempt to
unsubscribe as a forgery.
So get used to it MrAdvent. After a few months you may even enjoy the ramblings
of the many too pale souls swimming in this communal cesspool. You can unsubscribe any time you like, but you can never leave.

@_date: 1996-12-03 06:36:34
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Speedbumps 
Zona Research Inc.                     Sun Wins China Internet Backbone Deal
Sun Microsystems announced it has been chosen by China Internet Corporation
(CIC) to provide equipment and technology for CIC's Internet/Intranet network
for China -- the China Wide Web (CWW). Pursuant to a nonbinding memorandum of
understanding, CIC intends to purchase $15 million of Sun servers and network
security and management products, as well as Java computing technology. Expected
to service 50 major Chinese cities, the CWW will enable companies within and
outside of China to search, exchange, and promote business information and
The significance of this deal goes beyond its face value in dollars. * We believe the CWW will assume the characteristics of a national Intranet*, becoming an important vehicle for Chinese communications and commerce.  As a key
supplier of technology to CIC, Sun gains a high profile status within China,
which we believe gives Sun significant leverage on future Chinese
Internet/Intranet deals. Overall, this deal provides Sun with a major inroad to
the Chinese Internet market.

@_date: 1996-12-31 08:11:54
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Iranian clergic attacks Internet as 'poison' to the m... 
I have seen this article elsewhere, and the sentiment is not as nefarious as it
sounds. You may know that many Arabic and Persian countries have a heavy
exposure to French. In this case, the confusion arises due to the similarity
between the English "poison" and the French "poisson" which means fish.
Restated, the problem is that the Internet is feeding "fish" to the masses in
the form of information, hence the masses are not feeding themselves.
A similar English adage is: Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Teach a
man to fish and he'll eat for the rest of his life.
As the mullah implies, we need to help people to increase their critical
thinking skills, rather than passively accept what others tell them via the
Start now.

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:32:05
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Booms, busts and cranks 
by Terence Corcoran
"ONCE again the holidays and other sources of good cheer, including
a growing economy and rising stock markets, have been wrecked by
the annual Maclean's/CBC News poll. In this annual national survey,
the majority of Canadians express generally sensible views on most
issues--less government isn't so bad, a bigger role for the private
sector is good, debt reduction hasn't gone far enough, private health
care is acceptable, as are multiracial immigration ...
"An accompanying Maclean's story on the looming expansion of the
private sector is mostly an anti-business report that chastises
companies for layoffs and mean-spirited bottom-line thinking. The
problem, it claims, is the failure to hold companies responsible for
anything other than maximizing shareholder value, a popular theme
among statists who have run out of state.

@_date: 1996-07-19 08:25:35
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
actually fear the midnight raids, the no-knock >searches, the "threat
suppression" by ninjas.
I recommend an article sub-titled: Fourteen ways of looking at a blackshirt.
I've excerpted particularily relevant pieces below.
Eternal Fascism
by Umberto Eco
New York Review of Books (June 22, 1995)
In spite of some fuziness regarding the difference between various historical
forms of fascism, I think it is possible to outline a list of features that are
typical of what I would like to call Ur-Fascism, or Eternal Fascism. These
features cannot be organized into a system; any of them contradict each other,
and are also typical of other kinds of despotism or fanaticism. But it is enough
that one of them to be present to allow fascism to coagulate around it.
3. Irrationalism also depends on the cult of action for action's sake. Action
being beuatiful in itself, it must be taken before, or without, reflection.
Thinking is a form of emasculation. [...]
4. The critical spirit makes distinctions, and to distinguish is a sign of
modernism. In modern culture the scientific community praises disagreement as a
way to improve knowledge. For Ur-Fascism, disagreement is treason.
5. Besides, disagreement is a sign of diversity. Ur-Fascism grows up and seeks
consensus by exploiting and exacerbating the natural fear of difference. The
first appeal of a fascist or prematurely fascist movement is an appeal against
the intruders. Thus Ur-Fascism is racist by definition.
6. Ur-Fascism derive from individual or social frustration. [...]
11. In such a perspective everybody is educated to become a hero. In every
mythology the hero is an exceptional being, but in Ur-Fascist ideology heroism
is the norm. This cult of heroism is strictly linked with the cult of death. It
is not by chance that a motto of the Spanish Falangists was Viva la Muerte
("Long Live Death!"). In nonfascist societies, the lay public is told that death
is unpleasant but must be faced with dignity; believers are told that it is the
painful way to reach a supernatural hapiness. By contrast, the Ur-Fascist hero
craves heroic death, advertised as the best reward for a heroic life. The
Ur-Fascist hero is impatient to die. In his impatience, he more frequently sends
other people to death. [...]
Franklin Roosevelt's words of November 4, 1938, are worth recalling: "If
American democracy ceases to move forward as a living force, seeking day and
night by *peaceful means* (emphasis mine) to better the lot of our citizens,
fascism will grow in strength in our land." Freedom and liberation are an
unending task.
If you set out to defeat an enemy because you despise what they do or say, make
sure that you are different - not just stronger.

@_date: 1996-07-24 01:46:11
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Many of our current politicians would be heartened by your sentiment:
        Do as I say, not as I do.
Personally, I incline more towards the other cliche:         Actions speak louder than words.
It is possible to evaluate a persons words independent of their actions, but,
given that environment has some effect on behaviour, it is not at all clear that
you can treat them as independent. Nor, more importantly, would you want to. It
could prove to be a good breeding ground for cynicism. Or is it sarcasm... ;-)

@_date: 1996-07-26 01:54:24
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Schelling Points, Rights, and Game Theory--Part II 
I'll try keep my response brief, because I seem to swerve between didactic and
sarcastic without being able to stop in between. As others have said, look where
I'm pointing, not at what I'm pointing with. So here goes...
Basically, in this view of rights and raising of children it would seem that a
relativistic pragmatism prevails. Personally, I think that the two choices are
either this relative pragmatism or an absolute morality.
"Do unto others as you would have them do unto you." Some implications of Tim's view is that all our rights are basically a
transitory agreement between individuals. If at any time the "cost" of a right
becomes too high for too many (e.g. free speech leading to X for some X), then
it is quite possible that this "right" will be removed. The "losers" have no
higher appeal process in this matter than that of trying to gain a different
This may work while there is not a large power gap between any two individuals
or groups, but as power shifts to fewer people and groups (economic, social,
political, etc...) the "losers" may find that the lowest cost path is into some
form of economic serfdom or slavery (e.g. McJobs). Ask Phil for other examples
Unlike Rawls, we are not in a position of developing our laws in advance of
determining our social standing. I personally believe that our ability to
develop reasonable laws and social structures will persist only as long as the
majority of us have the ability to "put ourselves in someone else's shoes" and
do in practical terms what Rawls suggests in theoretical ones.
As soon as those with power are not able to see a situation where they could
become like those without power, there will cease to be motivation to maintain a
"safety net" of rights or economic means to protect the "losers" of our society.

@_date: 1996-07-26 11:57:30
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Schelling Points, Rights, and Game Theory--Part II 
If crypto is going to become widespread, at some point it will need to enter the
mainstream consciousness. We have already discussed the issue of "getting the
word out" about GAK in comparison to video cameras in every home. "If people
understood the issue, they would never accept GAK..."
The stats on the average internet user are usually something like 85% male,
US$50K average income, 30-35 years old, Univeristy education. It may come as no suprise then that Internet users as a group could have life
experiences significantly different than a majority of the population.
Similarily, their views may also be in the minority. On the other hand, they do
hold a majority of the technological power. Revenge of the Nerds is one phrase that I have heard.
voluntarily-taken job is a "McJob." Frankly, working at a fast-food place
And what or who guarantees that this later, better job exists. Much of what I
read today suggests that McJobs may become the norm for many.
become like those without power, there will cease to be motivation >>to maintain
a "safety net" of rights or economic means to protect the >>"losers" of our
Can you image working at a low paying job for your entire life. I personally
can't. I work hard and am doing well for myself. Like most of those here, crypto
would be a benefit for me. On the other hand, unlike most of the population, I
could join Mensa if I applied. My point: I'm not average and I suspect that
neither are you or most of those here. How do you make the cypherpunks agenda
(on the days that there is one ;-) of widespread concern to the average citizen?
I always thought that feudalism was a voluntary economic arrangement. The
vassals pledged allegiance and offered their labour while the feudal lord
pledged protection. Here is where Phil could give better examples.
If we are not prepared to maintain some lowest common denominator (a.k.a. safety
net), what will keep our individual freedoms intact if the concerns of the
"average" citizen drift unchecked towards simple survival?
I'm having a hell of a time getting my e-mail read because I'm too busy shooting
at the food scavengers. They killed my dog!

@_date: 1996-07-30 09:57:06
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
I find it funny that I'm considered Conservative by most people who know me.
Your opinion may vary. ;-)
One common thread in many of these discussions is the ease with which moral
judgements are made about the situation: "fail to save", "drink too much".
I know the social psychology explanation that people who view the world as
ordered attach these types of judgements to situations which violate their
ordered view of the world. "She was just asking for it dressed like that..."
However, now I'm puzzled. From what I've read of Tim May, he does not hold such
an orderly view of the world. The "rules" of existence may prove to be
deterministic, but the results are chaotic. So Tim, where are these moral
judgments coming from? Think of how many of our laws are being enacted that tacitly make being  poor or
indigent a crime. Curfews being a recently discussed example. If the equation is
one of economics, then "who takes care of" people does indeed enter the
equation. I suggest that it is more economical to provide for a minimum quality
of life- if only as a form of insurance for myself. Think: Rawls. The alternative is to have garbage collectors to "take care of" those that fall
behind. Think: Soylent Green.
Better twisted than bitter, as Tiny Tim Cratchet used to say.

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:16:19
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
As is the observable phenomenon that some people focus on the details and miss
the point. You may also consider this to be a moral judgement.
To argue that the cited examples - out of the universe of possible examples -
did not imply a moral judgement is an argument useful only for its humour.

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:42:24
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: e$: The Demographic "Transaction" 
Earlier, in: Re: "Soft Targets" as Schelling Points
Are you consciously trying to compare yourself with Marie Antoinette? With so many sans-culottes around, you could succeed.
I'd rather be left than dead right.

@_date: 1996-07-30 11:01:56
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
overeat, or who smoke too much, does not enter into the equation.
Perhaps the judgemental tone of these descriptions are clearer to you.
of moral judgements just to introduce your own moral judgement?
Tim can and does make moral judgements. So do I. So do you.
I was curious as to why Tim brought them into an argument that did not need
moral judgements to make its point.
I suspect that it is more reflexive than carefully thought out, and I think may
reflect on some of his core assumptions about society in general.
But I don't know, so instead of making my own assumptions, I asked.
Feel free to respond by private e-mail.

@_date: 1996-07-30 11:41:13
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
Basically, I agree. But as earlier essays have suggested, our current government
may just be a Schelling point of sorts among the possible social organizations
that can exist. Thus, technology is mearly a different lens to view the same
basic interaction among players. The players may move into different equivalence
classes, but the basic roles are the same.
In other times, alphabets, industrialization, and nuclear weapons could have
played similar roles in the upsetting of the status quo.
In this context, right and wrong do not need to enter the discussion.
However, optimizing each individual's situation does not necessarily result in
an optimal situation for the group. This is the basis of the classic prisoner's
dilemna from game theory. I understand that for the iterated version,
Tit-for-Tat is a stable strategy in that no other strategy will do better and
thereby displace it over time in a large population.
Tit-for-Tat: Start co-operating. Co-operate if the other party co-operated on
the last round. Defect if they defected on the last round.
So, how do *we* get crypto widespread?

@_date: 1996-08-01 07:42:23
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
Punkers denounce arrests - Police nab 70
Montreal Gazette, July 30, 1996, Page A1
Punkers returned to Berri park last night to protest against the arrest of 70 of
their own during an earlier demonstration in defiance of a city curfew on parks.
More than 250 punkers and other marginalized youth gathered in the park around
12:30 a.m. yesterday to protest against a new bylaw that changed the designation
of the site from a *public place* to a city park.
The change means that the park closes between midnight and 6 a.m. and can't be
used overnight by punkers and the homeless.
The bylaw also gives police the power to ticket people for such infractions as
walking on the grass or taking up more than one space on a park bench.
Welcome to our model community. Please don't walk on the grass. Sit up straight.
And remember to smile at all times.

@_date: 1996-05-18 17:20:59
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
the game.
Thinking of game theory, couldn't the prisoner's dilemma apply to this; where
what is best for the group is not necessarily best for the individual. increased per pupil at the government schools. Every year, average
class size has gone down in the government schools. I would be curious to know your source for this information. The information I
have indicates that in California when Ronald Reagan became governor, 80% of the
funding for state universities such as UC Berkeley and UCLA came from the public
purse. Last year, only 24% of the funding came from the government. I would have
trouble believing that the overall school system was radically different.
The teenage children of a visiting Brazilian professor commented that no other
country was like Canada in the sense that people here received a low cost
education and did not go destitute. Contrast this to their situation in Brazil
where off duty police officers are often hired by merchants to get rid of the
street urchins that disrupt their businesses. See current edition of french
Photo magazine (cover Ayrton Sennas ex girl friend) for a pictorial.
Scientific American (June 1995) has an article entitled The Arithmetics of
Mutual Help - Computer experiments show how cooperation rather than exploitation
can dominate in the Darwinian struggle for survival. To paraphrase, cooperation
arises naturally in most biological systems. Lone defectors do well, but by
spreading, defeat themselves. (See: CypherCessPool for example).
I appreciate my free public education. I might not have been so forward thinking
if I had to go deeply into debt to finance it myself.
or so little that its decisions hardly matter.
I agree. Unfortunately, that would seem to put me in the minority.
jbugden at alis.com
What we do not understand, we do not possess. - Goethe

@_date: 1996-11-01 09:10:27
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: 'what cypherpunks is about' 
[Re: loans to third world countries]
Yep, they are better off in a state of natural grace, eating grubs and with a
life expectancy of 35.
If seems to me that these discussions are revealing more information about the
message authors than about the topic under discussion.
Since we have referred to the supremacy of natural tendencies in many of these
messages, I find it somewhat ironic that we would not want to leave them with a
life expectancy of 35. Evolution and natural selection tends to work faster if
the population experiences rapid turnover. In this regard, extending the life of
individuals is a bad thing for the fitness of the population as a whole.
This seems to me to be yet another example of people's poor ability to estimate
probabilities in a rational and objective way.
Most animals sensate (grow old). This is necessary for natural selection to work
on the gene pool. If we manage to eliminate this feature of our existence, we
may become like one of the few species that do not sensate; lobsters for
I live confident in the knowledge that my death is necessary to make way for
If chance be the father of all flesh
disaster is his rainbow in the sky
and when you hear
State of Emergency!
Sniper Kills Ten!
Troops on Rampage!
Whites go Looting!
Bomb Blasts School!
It is but the sound of man
worshipping his maker.
Steve Turner

@_date: 1996-11-07 06:11:06
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Smart Bombs 
Smart Use for Smart Cards
"UBIQ announced that its software has been selected by American Express to
personalize smart cards that will be issued ... for ticketless travel on
American Airlines. ... Airline travelers with these smart card holders will be
able to proceed directly to an airport gate, insert their smart card into a gate
reader, receive seat confirmation, and board the plane without touching a single
piece of paper. "Traditionally, smart card technology has been associated with user
authentication for computer systems or as an electronic alternative for cash.
This announcement takes the best of both worlds and looks to provide a
potentially innovative use for smart cards. ...
Copyright (c) 1996 Zona Research Inc. Of course, not having a card may subject you to greater scrutiny at check-in
time due to the reduced tracking ability.

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:09:27
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: His and Her Anarchies 
Copyright c 1996, The Globe and Mail Company r
U.S. election reveals his and her politics Educated women have different agenda By Graham Fraser Washington Bureau
WASHINGTON - Bill Clinton's re-election has shone a spotlight on a widening difference in views between men and women in the United States, particularly among those with a university education. "Men and women, if college educated, agree about very little," Celinda Lake, a Democratic pollster, told a conference organized by the Brookings Institution yesterday. "Men and women would have elected a different president, a different Senate, and a different House of Representatives," Ms. Lake said. She pointed out that "men and women are coming to some pretty different conclusions" about the role of government and the importance of social programs. Polling has shown that women believe the government can play a positive role in solving social problems, while men feel that government is a problem, and that it is a good day when they have not been hurt by it, Ms. Lake said. "On our side of the aisle, we're beginning to wonder what a college education does for a man," she said.  ...

@_date: 1996-11-08 15:50:56
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Smart Bombs 
Less tracking for people w/o tickets, but more scrutiny for people w/o smart
I can easily see the working assumption that smart carded people have _already_
passed the security check, while those who pay cash would be under greater

@_date: 1996-11-08 16:01:59
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: His and Her Anarchies 
I think it relates to crypto policy via policy in general, also to both the
libertarian and the inevitable cryptoanarchy argument we are currently tossing
about and brought to mind a comment a few months back from Tim about how the
occasional female members of this list tended to not make sense a lot of the
Sorry if it wasn't clear enough. I had expected a comment regarding the smart
bomb message since it would have been better to send to the risks list.

@_date: 1996-11-11 09:29:19
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: "Nightmare on Crypto Street, Part 1" 
In the middle of the Polish crisis, in the early 1980s, while there were riots
over the high cost of living and the lack of food, Tversky and Kahneman [seminal
cognitive science researchers] asked a number of political leaders and generals
to evaluate the probability [Scenario 1] that the United States might withdraw
its ambassador from the then Soviet Union (without any hypothesis as to why).
They further asked the same subjects to evaluate the probability [Scenario 2]
that _both_ of two other things would take place: (a) that the U.S.S.R. would
invade Poland and (b) that, as a consequence of the former, the United States
would withdraw its ambassador from the Soviet Union.
Guess which was scenario was assumed to have a higher probability.
These questionaire-experiments, just like real life, have countless times shown
us that a plausible and well-told story can lead us to hold as "objectively"
probable events that, just minutes before, we would have considered totally
Probabilities being, by their nature, less than one, the probability of the
entire chain (or the last link) being true is always and without exception lass
probable than the probability of the least probable link in the chain.
We fail to notice this prograssive attenuation of probability. The story takes
over from reality. The trick - which is the oldest in the book - is to find the
narrative path by which the last, and most implausible, link can be made
imaginatively compelling.
Give us a little story, a script, something born of our own imagination, and our
own natural tendencies, cognitive or emotional, do the rest.
This discussion applies as well to the other script: Irreversible
Crypto-Anarchy, soon appearing on a street near you.
Quoted liberally from the book _Inevitable Illusions_ by Massimo
Piatelli-Palmarini, Ph.D. The author is a pricipal Research Associate of the
Center for Cognitive Science at MIT. I recommend the book.

@_date: 1996-11-11 09:52:27
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: His and Her Anarchies 
Technologies that matter make daily life less obnoxious, and you can leverage
them all the time. The Net is going to start mattering in a significant way when
it relieves people of the burden of dealing with the garbage inherent in the
information flow of everyday life. The net is going to matter when I can rely on
it to store the information I now keep on disk, and the computer is a completely
transparent object. All the documents that are important to me are maintained by
the Net with sufficient reliability that I can unplug my computer and smash it
with a hammer without affecting anything.
Under this scenario, strong, reliable crypto becomes similar to electricity. The
entire infomration infrastructure is built on it, but hardly anyone gives it a
second thought.
What kind of people use the Net and what are their activities doing to the
country, the world, the culture? It may sound like a parochial issue that women
don't much like computers, but they don't, and the issue is a tremendously
important one. They're not attracted to this world, certainly not to the extent
that men are, and that's one of the reasons why it is such a spiritually
impoverished world. Most reasonable sophisticated men are happier in an
environment that included women. One of the problems with the computer society
is that not only is it an almost all-male society, but it's part of a little-boy
society, part of an ongoing infantilization of the society over the past half
Excerpt from Digerati: Encounters with the Cyber Elite (HardWired 1996) where
David Gelernter, a Yale computer scientist, comments on the Web.
Galileo, you must recant. You are in blatant disagreement with the truth.

@_date: 1996-11-12 05:48:00
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: His and Her Anarchies 
Well, ignoring the narcissistic overtones of your comment, and the fact that I
was quoting David Gelernter from Yale, I could point out the qualifier
"reasonably sophisticated" or the relative comparator "happier", but I think it
will suffice to say that an environment that included women may just include
your mother.
And wouldn't we all be happier with our mommy around?
You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of
the time, but you can't fool mom.

@_date: 1996-11-13 07:04:43
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
And in the meantime, it would seem prudent to use the existing system to maximum
advantage. In Canada, you can set up a personal trust called a Registered
Retirement Savings Plan (similar to an IRA?) wherein you can trade securities
without tax liability until you withdraw the money into your hands. As long as
you aren't trying to spend it, no taxes are owing. There is a withholding tax of
25% if you eventually leave the country, but the tax free compounding effect
over a decade or two will make this virtually irrelevant.
There are also tax credits for venture capital (especially if it relates to R&D)
or scientific research investments. Since we are in fields that likely are
related to this type of work, it seems that we would be able to take advantage
of these types of credit. In Canada, they can pay 80-90% of the related payroll.
Add NRC (National Research Council) grants available for R&D projects and you
can run a company with a dozen people for NO money.
This is not fantasy since I know at least two companies that do this. The only
caveat is that you need a good idea to start with. It is also not hard to have a
nominal 50+% marginal tax rate yet pay 15% net income taxes. Since I can use the
Canadian tax system to advantage, I'm not sure that I want to get rid of it just
So, while you are waiting for that anarchy, you may want to retain a good tax
The grass is always greener over the septic tank.

@_date: 1996-11-20 14:15:16
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Social Security workers in bribery plot 
Copyright c 1996 Nando.net
Copyright c 1996 From staff and wire reports NEW YORK (Nov 20, 1996 4:42 p.m. EST) - Several Social Security Administration employees have been charged with giving confidential consumer information to credit card thieves in exchange for bribes as low as $10, authorities said on Wednesday.
The investigation began in February when investigators for Citicorp's Citibank found that a large number of Citibank credit cards had been sent to customers but never received. But the cards had been activated.
The Social Security Administration then conducted security reviews to determine if any employees had accessed files of individuals.
Gimlett said the investigation was significant because it demonstrated "the reality that employees of government agencies or corporations who have access to personal information may take advantage of their position of trust to steal personal information and sell it for financial gain."

@_date: 1996-11-27 13:52:47
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
It should not surprise you too much, as people have often vilified those they
disagree with. The more you accept the other person as a human being, the more difficult it
becomes to dismiss their view without first confronting the issues. It's easier
to treat them as an idiot, and then their views becomes idiotic by association.
I know all this, and still I do it.

@_date: 1996-11-28 06:35:25
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: IQ and age 
Remember: Correlation is not causation. In this as in many other correlations,
unreported third factors can strongly affect the outcome. In England, Cyril Burt devised an IQ test given to English school children at
age 11 in order to decide whether they should proceed through the trade school
system or university system. Unsurprisingly, those with higher IQs at age 11
(whatever the reason) typically received better educations and greater monetary
success in life.
In France, you may find that rich parents correlate well to "success in life and
academia" substantially because they achieve more frequent placement in
polytechnical institutions which correspond to the best universities in the U.S.
and Canada. Poorer students, independently of IQ, usually go to less capable
In the U.S., the Graduate Management Admissions Test (GMAT) administered by ETS
is often required for people applying for post-graduate studies. The obstensible
reason is that it gives an indication of the probable ability of the applicant
to succeed in the course. By ETS's own figures, the correlation is only 30% with
successful completion of one year of studies and lower for full completion.
There are higher correlations for other factors (incoming institution, age), yet
the GMAT number is still mandatory. The draw of a single number is compelling.
Did I mention that ETS is also a monopoly.
If you can't measure it, it doesn't exist.
"What hit him?" "I don't know, I didn't see."

@_date: 1996-11-28 09:40:38
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: IQ and age 
standardized test scores.  There is a reason these are used in admissions - they
are actually pretty good predictors of the ability to perform college level
work. <
This is a commonly held fiction that is not supported by the evidence. As stated
in another message, the infomration given out by ETS, who administer the GMAT
and SAT, indicate that there is a low correlation between GMAT scores and
successful completion of even first year education programs. This also ignores
the issue of why other, better, widely available predictors are not used
basic mathematical concepts. <
There was a good Scientific American article on cultural influences on learning
within the last year or two. It examined Asian groups noted achievements in
tests and the parental and cultural support for scholastic achievement.
Another anecdotal example is in the opening chapters of "Surely You're Joking,
Mr. Feynman" by Richard Feynman, the late Caltech professor and general bon
vivant. He describes how his mother introduced a doctor, a general and a
professor with the same respectful tones indicating to him that a career in
academia was as highly valued as any other high position in society.
country to succeed through hard work. <
I do to. But how good are your feelings as predictors of actual success?

@_date: 1996-11-29 06:22:19
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Your Freudian slip is showing 
Damn right! Everything I have I earned myself. I'm not some pampered child of
rich parents. My God, when I think of what my father went through when he was
growing up and what he endured to feed our family, I'm amazed that he didn't
drop dead in his tracks.
The fact that my granfather was a well respected municipal politician didn't
insulate them from the effects of the depression. When my father was young he
had to walk almost four miles to and from school, and it was uphill both ways.
Then when he got home he had to chop wood with a hammer. Of course he could have
used an axe, but it was usually dark by this time - they couldn't afford lights
- and he found that a miss with the hammer was less likely to cause severe leg
After getting his hand crushed in a printing press as a young man and later,
after being layed off after 26 years of hard toil and loyal effort, he wasn't
bitter when he was forced to retired on a pension of $650 per year. He was proud
to have worked hard all his life and succeeded in his own small but not
completely insignificant way.
Look where I'm pointing, not at what I'm pointing with.

@_date: 1996-10-05 04:31:09
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: DESCrack keyspace partitioning 
nor 001100110011... etc etc and I have been thinking about how one might
formalize and exploit this randomness property to increase the probability of
finding the key sooner.
Suppose we have a function f() that randomly chooses an integer between 1 and
100 such that each integer in the range is equally likely to be selected on each
call. If we call f() 6 times, each time noting whether the result is even or
odd, which of the following sequences is more likely?
Even Even Even Even Even Even
Even Odd Odd Even Even Odd
If you picked the second sequence as more likely, you are like most people who
responded to similar questions in a classic study of cognitive biases [1]. The
two sequences actually have an identical probability of occuring, and, in fact,
all sequences of six outcome are EQUALLY probable.
This example illustrates the representativeness bias, in which we mistakenly
suspect the global characteristics of a process to be represented locally in a
specific sequence[2].
1. Kahnman, D., and Tversky, A. Subjective probability: A judgement or
representativeness. Cognit. Psych. 3 (1972) 430-454
2. Stacy, Webb and MacMillian, Jean, Cognitive Bias in Software Development.
Communications of the ACM June 1995, 57-63

@_date: 1996-10-17 06:02:56
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: [NOISE] I never knew that Dimitri Vulis was a net.legend 
Just last week Concordia University in Montreal unveiled four new art
installations; one dedicated to the memory of each of the four professors shot
and killed by Valery Fabrikant. The works are in the form of tables so that they
can be integrated with the student body.
Raving on the net does occasionally have physical manifestations.
Prend soin,

@_date: 1996-10-18 05:40:06
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: YES OR NO? 
If your schedule looks anything like mine, you only have time for something if
you make time for it.
If your YES is to be worth anything, you are going to have to make time.
Will you make the time? If not, a NO would be a more honest response.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can put off doing altogether.

@_date: 1996-10-21 06:03:08
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Goodbye 
Harlan Ellison suggests one possibility in his 1967 story titled:
The Prowler in the City at the Edge of the World.

@_date: 1996-10-21 06:17:10
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Q.E.D. reply to petty MESSger 
Be careful of what you wish for. You may just get it.

@_date: 1996-10-22 06:52:35
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Pearls before swine 
Throwing beads before swine is not forbidden.
Throwing pearls before swine is what you want to avoid.
If you think of cypherpunks as swine and your knowledge as pearls of wisdom,
perhaps you should stop throwing your pearls before us swine.
Sent:   Monday, October 21, 1996 8:10 PM
I think to talk about cryptography to the San Francisco Cypherpunks is to throw beads before the swine.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-10-24 08:14:48
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: "Countless third world deaths"--who cares? 
[Thomas Bass interviewing Citibank's Walter Wriston]  In Re: Stopping the buying of candidates
"Timothy C. May"  wrote
In RE: wired wankers
 In Re: Timmy May is a jerk
Ahh, but you don't really believe this. Your vision of cypherpunks is all about
redistributing wealth. Just not in the sense you speak of.
There is naivete and then there is complicity.

@_date: 1996-10-28 06:32:46
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: tcmay in favour of redistribution of wealth? NFW/ROTFL 
I treated it as a generic example, not a specific one. For the record, I have
never donated to the United Way either.
I liked Zaid Hassan's response better. In general, I try not to "get with the
program" (c.f. Two Roads Diverged in a Yellow Wood" by Robert Frost). But in
spite of my best efforts, I still find myself in a well defined demographic
group. ;-)
In spite of these services the spread between Canadian and U.S. Bonds is in
favour of Canada out as far as ten years. Interest rates this morning for 90 Day
T-Bills: Canada 3.23%; U.S. 5.02%.
Remember: correlation is not causation.
Aye, there's the rub. So far I haven't *explicitly* drawn one. And the line I
may draw now is probably different from the line I might have drawn 5 years ago
or 5 years from now. Ambiguity I can accept, its ambivalence, apathy and
agnosticism that annoy me more. Tim's occasional combination of justifiable apathy tends to be the best
combination to trigger a response.
The rules of the game: learn everything, read everything, inquire into
everything... When two texts, or two assertions, or perhaps two ideas are in
contradiction, be ready to reconcile them rather than cancel one by the other;
regard them as two different facets, or two successive stages, of the same
reality, a reality convincingly human just because it is complex.
Marguerite Yourcenar quoted in Complexification by John L. Casti.
Les regles du jeu: tout apprendre, tout lire, s'informer de tout... Lorsque deux
textes, deux affirmations, deux idees s'opposent, se plaire a les concilier
plutot qu'a les annuler l'un par l'autre; voir en eux deux facettes differentes,
deux etats successifs du meme fait, une realite convaincante parce qu'elle est
complexe, humaine parce qu'elle est multiple.
Margueite Yourcenar, Memoires d'Hadrien

@_date: 1996-09-07 01:40:46
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Anonymous phone calls (was: What is the EFF doing exactly?) 
There is another spin possible on the reasons for replacement of pay phones with
credit card phones. In Canada all new credit card phones are also able to take
phone cards (which are anonymous).
Using a prepaid phone card permits full anonymity. But what it also permits is
metered local calls. This infrastructure would be more familiar to someone from
Europe where metered local calls are the norm. Paris make the change to phones that *only* take prepaid phone cards (thus fully
anonymous) obstensibly because people were breaking into phones for the money.
Prepaid phone cards avoid this.
Why should my long distance calling subsidize your local internet access? ;-)
Sent:   Friday, September 06, 1996 9:54 AM
Not just DC and Chicago, I'm afraid.  If anyone around NYC noticed, there are less and less payphones, and all new ones installed, just about, are those yellow credit card phones.  Not all of them, but it's now one for one, at least.

@_date: 1996-09-07 02:29:18
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: FW: Anonymous phone calls (was: What is the EFF doing exa... 
There is another spin possible on the reasons for replacement of pay phones with
credit card phones. In Canada all new credit card phones are also able to take
phone cards (which are anonymous).
Using a prepaid phone card permits full anonymity. But what it also permits is
metered local calls. This infrastructure would be more familiar to someone from
Europe where metered local calls are the norm. Paris made the change to phones that *only* take prepaid phone cards (thus fully
anonymous) obstensibly because people were breaking into phones for the money.
Prepaid phone cards avoid this as well as collection costs.
Why should my long distance calling subsidize your local internet access? ;-)
Sent:   Friday, September 06, 1996 9:54 AM
Not just DC and Chicago, I'm afraid.  If anyone around NYC noticed, there are less and less payphones, and all new ones installed, just about, are those yellow credit card phones.  Not all of them, but it's now one for one, at least.

@_date: 1996-09-07 05:39:54
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Anonymous phone calls (was: What is the EFF doing exactl 
Audit trails may now be in place, in which case the cost of anonymity is
increased to the cost of the lowest denomination card. Think OTP.
However, in both Britian and France I have seen defective phones that allowed LD
calls but did not deduct the call amount from the card. Obviously, the effect
was free LD and these phones were perpetually busy.
If audit trails were in place, this problem should have been noticed quickly.
As I said, things may have changed for newer systems.
Sent:   Friday, September 06, 1996 1:20 PM
And phone companys that offers phone cards keep track of every call that goes thru each card number.

@_date: 1996-09-10 00:57:08
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: IDC_ard 
jya at pipeline.com (John Young) forwarded:
And to get all the Christian Right (no pun intended) up in arms, just suggest
that the best way to prevent theft of these ID cards would be to place the
information on a microchip and implant it in your body. Forehead and right wrist
James

@_date: 1996-09-10 10:44:37
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
This may be a hopelessly naive question, but is it possible to refuse payment in
cash? Is it really good for all debts public and private?
Sent:   Monday, September 09, 1996 3:23 PM
Fedex will not accept cash in New York City. I have tried to pay cash and been
refused. I have talked to customer service and confirmed that they will not
accept cash in NYC although they will elsewhere.

@_date: 1996-09-11 05:55:50
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: FW: Terrorists 
people by government. People will only move physically for physical jobs, and
not for handouts. People will flow to where the jobs are, and jobs will flow to
where the people are. Isn't this what we really want?
--Tim May
Absolutely. I get tired of living in a small city of only 3 million. And when
enough people have moved to urban areas cars will naturally become less useful
because we won't have the room or the time to use them for intracity travel.
Bicycle riding will then become the norm. And the weekend will be rotating with
1/7th of the population off on any given day so as to minimize the traffic loads
and make better use of available resources.
And power will concentrate in large organizations that will replace most of the
functioning of the government. A crescendo of self organized criticality. I don't know if reference to Crazy Eddie or a growing sand pile makes a better
oblique closing comment.
Got them Red China Blues...

@_date: 1996-09-12 08:26:47
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Hacking Mobil Telephone System ? 
penetration test on their network.  Then how about a thousand times more than $65 US ?
When was the last time Cents/Pfennigs were denominated in 1000ths of a
Dollar/Mark? Ahh, maybe you are from Italy? ;-)

@_date: 1996-09-14 02:51:13
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Thoughts about Morph Escrow Crimes 
legal image of Raquel Welch or Jennifer Aniston, or started out as an
illegal image of a minor child, morph escrow will force all image
possessors and distributors to produce proof that the image started out legal.
It is not hard to imagine a future where computer modelling has reached the
stage that a real picture is not required. An obvious extension of this is a
film with computer generated actors.
Now, consider this scenario:
1) The computer generated image is "indistinguishable" from reality.
2) The computer generated image depicts something considered obscene or illegal
under present laws (e.g. pedophilia).
At some point in the future it would seem possible that the computer generated
image will be treated as a real image under the law (and evaluated accordingly)
because it is indistinguishable from a real image.
Or perhaps we will take the other tack and simply say: What is truth?
I'm not quite ready to wash my hands on this issue.
Welcome to MorphSex - Fulfilling your fantasies - Painlessly.
Select Gender [M/F/H]:
Select Age [2-80]:
Options: [Orgasm/Suffocation/Dismemberment/Disembowlment/Ennui]

@_date: 1996-09-17 01:30:57
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
You shouldn't be so hard on Tim. I tried giving up farting years ago but I found
I gained a lot of weight. It's also become more socially acceptable as evidenced
by the new farting section in many English pubs. They even have a special
section for me on some international flights. And unlike smoking, you *can* do
it in the toilet. Besides, it can't be worse than smoking. Unless, perhaps, you
do both at the same time...

@_date: 1996-09-17 02:09:12
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
(while others are out partying), preparing, etc., all takes effort and
commitment. If those who save and prepare are then told they have to pay
high taxes to support those who partied....well, the predictable effect [...] is _more_ people in agony. When you tell people that a compassionate
society will meet their basic needs, a predictable fraction of them will choose
not to work hard and prepare themselves.
Two questions, two observations:
Do you have health insurance?
Do you have life insurance?
I have commented on your line of reasoning before and and it still seems to me
that an important part of the discussion is missed. Specifically, that anyone
can "save for a rainy day" and still not be able to provide for events that can
always happen: Heart attack, stroke, car accident, pinched nerve that leaves you
in excruciating pain and unable to work for several years.
I don't think that a reasonable person would argue that medical insurance should
be outlawed because everyone should take care of their own needs. A social
safety net is simply a form of health and life insurance. Statistical arbitrage
if you will. By spreading the risk you minimize the cost. Yes, some people will
take advantage of the system. But like a virus, a robust system should be able
to withstand this form of attack.
I'm reminded of a Bloom County cartoon with Opus, Steve Dallas and Bill the cat
sitting on a park bench as a jogger runs past. he derides the trio saying, "I
jog three miles and work out every day, eat only healthy foods, and have regular
medical checkups. I'll live twice as long as you lazy slobs." In the next panel
the jogger is hit by lightning as the trio on the bench look on in shock. The
last panel: "Here's to no guarantees!" and "Pass the ding dongs."
Prend soin,
[Bible excerpt awaiting review as a motivation for human decency.]
The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully: And he thought
within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow
my fruits? And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build
greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods. And I will say to
my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease,
eat, drink, and be merry. But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul
shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast
provided? [excerpted from Luke 12:16-20, King James Version]

@_date: 1996-09-17 10:09:50
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Actually, yes. Canada has a single payer system and we spend about two thirds as much as the
U.S. on health care as a percentage of G.N.P. We manage to insure all Canadians
while about 35% of people in the U.S. have *no* health insurance.
Yes, the insurance premium is not optional. Yes, it *is* cheaper.

@_date: 1996-09-18 03:36:53
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Politica... 
Black Unicorn Almost, but not quite. I'm saying that within our two countries at least
(Canada, U.S.) everyone could have access to medically necessary procedures
because the *society as a whole* can afford it.
I understand moral hazard and risk pool seperation. I also understand that the
insurance bureacracy required to manage much of the U.S. health care system
absorbs much of the money going into the system. Managing risk pool seperation
proves to be expensive, or perhaps just very profitable.
Absolutely. And it is a scheme that many of the lower classes pay into. Since it
is to our mutual benefit (yours and mine), I choose not complain about it.
Agreed. But there is a balance between accurately pricing the risk and
minimizing the cost of the bureacracy that polices this pricing. There are also many ways to modify behaviour, not all of them direct. We only
need a correlation here, not causation. For example, high taxes on smoking and
drinking or spot checks for drunk driving. All of these correlate with a
reduction in high risk behaviour and a reduction in health costs.
Yes, there are people who will engage in high risk behaviour. Yes, they will
still receive treatment. No, it is not worth tracking down all of these people.
You may also get better privacy because no insurance company is collecting
personal data in order to minimize their risk. A Suspicious Persons List is only
one manifestation of this type of intrusion. This privacy issue may only
increase as genetic screening becomes widespread. There is much potential for moral hazard when the PRICE for your insurance is
affected by the accuracy of your disclosure. How will they ever know...
Fact: Canada spends less than the U.S. per capita on health care, while covering
more people in percentage terms.
James, qui pete les bretelles du Canada.
And he brought the present unto Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man. [Judges 3:17]
"Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims   may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons   than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may   sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who   torment us for own good will torment us without end, for they do so with  the approval of their own conscience."   -  C.S. Lewis, _God in the Dock_ "A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." - Emerson

@_date: 1996-09-18 10:03:32
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Politica... 
People do make decisions that affect other people. If you feel safer in the good
hands of Allstate than at the government trough, good for you.
Personally, I trust in Allah, but I still tie up my camel. Some things are seen as investments in the future of a society. I view both
Education and Health through this lens.
The point is still valid. Are we not trying to minimize this cost?
There it is again. Blame the sick for their lack of moral fibre.
Not every victim of lung cancer smokes. Besides, people are notoriously poor at
evaluating the probability of unlikely events (see reference below). A
"punishment" that happens 30 years after the "crime" is no deterrent. Prevention
is usually cheaper than treatment. I prefer solutions.

@_date: 1996-09-19 02:12:48
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Cognitive Bias and Software Development 
This reference was chopped from the bottom of a previous message.
Communications of the ACM issue on Cognition and Software Development
"Developers' thought processes are a fundamental area of concern. Cognitive
scientists have discovered that people's intuitive inferences and probability
judgments do not strictly conform to the laws of logic or mathematics, and that
people are willing to provide plausible explanations for random events. This
article examines the role these phenomenon might have in software development,
ultimately concluding that what are cast as one-sided software development
guidelines can be recast beneficially as two-sided trade-offs"
Cognitive Bias in Software Engineering
Webb Stacy and Jean MacMillian
Communications of the ACM
June 1995/Vol 38, No. 6
The article contains several good example of various classes of bias, including
the representativeness, availability and confirmatory bias. While the article
specifically adresses issues within the context of software development, all of
these biases are general in nature and have correlates in other fields.
Great minds think alike. Fools seldom differ. - Anonymous

@_date: 1996-09-19 05:02:23
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Yes, some wealthy (and not so wealthy people) go south of the border for
treatment. Some go because the treatment is unavailable here, others go if they
chose not to wait for treatment here. The most common types of exported services
are usually high cost and/or experimental but their availability is most often
constrained by the low number of people who are qualified to render the service.
Many services unavailable in a patient's local area are still covered by
provincial health plans. This works when a patient has to travel from a remote
region, to another province or to the U.S., and can cover experimental
Some Canadian hospitals make use of U.S. care providers for services when a
backlog exists in Canada. For example, Windsor has used Detroit MRI services to
reduce waiting times.
There are also people who go the other way (U.S. to Canada), usually when they
have to pay their own bill. Detroit to Windsor is again not uncommon.
In general, prices are lower in Canada for the same level of care. I do not know
if the underlying costs are also lower in general.
Each province create a payment schedule for services that it reimburses.
Hospitals bill the province for services, but all capital cost items (e.g.
equipment, buildings) must be paid for from other sources (e.g. donation). Thus,
we tend to have fewer capital intensive treatment facilities since the ROI is
usually low.
The figures that I have seen indicate that the U.S. pays 40%-50% more than
Canada on overall health care services. Some of this is due to the rapid
availability of higher cost/experimental services. Some of this is due to the
higher cost of the administrative bureacracy. Due to the large difference in
total costs, I do not think that travel in either direction significantly
effects this number.
Check out  for more effective alternatives to MRI for diagnosing
spinal function at 1/20th of the cost. P.S. No, Canada is not perfect, and I don't know everything.

@_date: 1996-09-19 10:53:28
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Political. 
Thanks for the figures and historical background. I'll keep trying to verify the
figures I cited, but I see no reason to disagree with you.
This is a surprise. I guess it would also be an example.
At present, provinces west of Ontario have not dropped taxes, while Ontario,
Quebec and New Brunswick dropped them significantly (+50%). The drop had a
predictably negative effect on the smuggling, although due to the rapid increase
in smoking rates among adolescents pressure is mounting to increase the taxes
Most systems have undesired side-effects (e.g. remailers and spam). But if you
can keep second order effects from becoming first order, you're heading in the
desired direction.

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:24:49
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Politica. 
I did not respond to the other poster because it seemed clear that he was not
informed on the subject. While people debate the precise reasons for it, the
Canadian health system spends about two thirds as much as the U.S. system as a
percent of GNP while covering more people as a percent of population. This is a
This is another way to create risk pool seperation as well as reduce health
costs. Some people will not be able to afford tobacco, reducing the potential
candidates for tobacco related illness. The additonal revenue can be used as a
"risk premium" to fund the related long term medical expenses.
I don't speak for the left, nor for the right. I don't think that there is a
unified voice on either side of the political spectrum. However I do find it
ironic that market driven health insurance has the potential to be more
intrusive into personal life than many government systems (cf. genetic
screening). If all you do is replace Big Brother with Big Business, then all that has
changed is the name.
"what are cast as one-sided ... guidelines can be recast beneficially as
two-sided trade-offs" - Webb Stacy

@_date: 1996-09-21 08:30:39
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: A daily warning regarding Tim C[ocksucker] Maya, the ... 
Tim! Is the course still offered! Where do I sign up! Q: Why does a dog lick itself?

@_date: 1996-09-28 05:25:00
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Public Schools 
The same is true for Montreal (Royal Vale) using the equivalent scoring methods.
But there are public schools at both extremes of the curve.
While it is true that Private Schools would not survive due to market forces if
they did consistently poorly, it is also true that they filter their incoming
student body in a manner that Public Schools can not.
If you want to refuse those who are too stupid or anti-social from Public
Schools in order to improve the social or intellectual climate, you better have
a solution for the resulting cast-offs.

@_date: 1997-02-19 07:15:00
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Belated thank you's 
It seems somewhat trite to say thank you for the service John provided now that
it is going away, when while it was here it was taken for granted. Still, I will
say thank you. Perhaps in this respect it is like good health, which while it is
ours is not given much though, but once lost, becomes the whole of our thoughts.
The loss of John's involvement is a real loss. At the same time, I would like to
think that virtual communities such as this one are robust enough to survive the
type of strife that we have undergone. People being what they are, the list
would have had a hard time staying static without some strong guiding focus.
Given the anarchic leanings of many people on this list, John's actions have
done much to test the practicality of the principles that have been spoken about
here. They may also show how much work it is to follow these same principles.
Still, I wonder how John will feel about the cypherpunks list as it moves beyond
him. Will it grow and become widespread? Or, will it slowly die from lack of
interest or time? I think he might not like either answer.
A la prochain fois,
The advancement and perfection of mathematics are intimately connected with the
prosperity of the State. - Napoleon I

@_date: 1997-02-19 09:26:51
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Belated thank you's 
It seems somewhat trite to say thank you for the service John provided now that
it is going away, when while it was here it was taken for granted. Still, I will
say thank you. Perhaps in this respect it is like good health, which while it is
ours is not given much though, but once lost, becomes the whole of our thoughts.
The loss of John's involvement is a real loss. At the same time, I would like to
think that virtual communities such as this one are robust enough to survive the
type of strife that we have undergone. People being what they are, the list
would have had a hard time staying static without some strong guiding focus.
Given the anarchic leanings of many people on this list, John's actions have
done much to test the practicality of the principles that have been spoken about
here. They may also show how much work it is to follow these same principles.
Still, I wonder how John will feel about the cypherpunks list as it moves beyond
him. Will it grow and become widespread? Or, will it slowly die from lack of
interest or time? I think he might not like either answer.
A la prochain fois,
The advancement and perfection of mathematics are intimately connected with the
prosperity of the State. - Napoleon I

@_date: 1997-01-20 07:27:27
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: infinity & set membership 
Aleph-Naught bottles of beer on the wall. Aleph-Naught bottles of beer.
If some finite subset should happen to fall,
There'll be Aleph-Naught bottles of beer on the wall.
For those really long road trips, or when you choose to read all the cypherpunks
Q 1. Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present day,
commenting specifically but not exclusively on its effects on the development of
14th century South America. Describe in detail. Be brief concise and specific.
Give examples.

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:27:50
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: infinity & set membership 
Aleph-Naught bottles of beer on the wall. Aleph-Naught bottles of beer.
If some finite subset should happen to fall,
There'll be Aleph-Naught bottles of beer on the wall.
For those really long road trips, or when you choose to read all the cypherpunks
Q 1. Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present day,
commenting specifically but not exclusively on its effects on the development of
14th century South America. Describe in detail. Be brief concise and specific.
Give examples.

@_date: 1997-01-22 07:14:01
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: ADSL (Was: GSM technology 
Bill Stewart  wrote re: ADSL lines>
They're not widely available yet; I don't know if any of the (US)
phone companies offer it as more than trials.  One limitation is that
the technology works over copper wire, so it has to be offered at
your local telco wire center.
A previous poster mentioned that because of the copper wire restriction, that
they may deploy first in older centers. This would appear to be the case, since
a Canadian telco (Sasktel) is offering ADSL in Saskatoon for 60$/month with
unlimited internet access. Saskatoon falls into this category - in my opinion.
I was only is SK briefly over New Years, but perhaps Toto can fill in details.

@_date: 1997-01-22 07:55:52
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: ADSL (Was: GSM technology 
Bill Stewart  wrote re: ADSL lines>
They're not widely available yet; I don't know if any of the (US)
phone companies offer it as more than trials.  One limitation is that
the technology works over copper wire, so it has to be offered at
your local telco wire center.
A previous poster mentioned that because of the copper wire restriction, that
they may deploy first in older centers. This would appear to be the case, since
a Canadian telco (Sasktel) is offering ADSL in Saskatoon for 60$/month with
unlimited internet access. Saskatoon falls into this category - in my opinion.
I was only is SK briefly over New Years, but perhaps Toto can fill in details.

@_date: 1997-01-24 09:25:17
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
ichudov at algebra.com wrote> I am not enthused about the perceived need for moderation.
But neither was I enthused with the state of the list.
However, I will reserve judgement as to the success or failure of the experiment
for a while yet. The question for me is how much the moderation improves the S/N
ratio v.s. how much it impedes dialogue.
I expect Sandy to make mistakes, even by his own criterion. But anyone who will
publicly admit to shaving his eyebrows is probably not swayed by popular

@_date: 1997-01-24 10:43:20
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
ichudov at algebra.com wrote> I am not enthused about the perceived need for moderation.
But neither was I enthused with the state of the list.
However, I will reserve judgement as to the success or failure of the experiment
for a while yet. The question for me is how much the moderation improves the S/N
ratio v.s. how much it impedes dialogue.
I expect Sandy to make mistakes, even by his own criterion. But anyone who will
publicly admit to shaving his eyebrows is probably not swayed by popular

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:14:29
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
I have received several private emails inquiring into what possible crypto
relevance the recent exchange over libel/slander and the law. It is clear
that even in democratic countries like Canada (not know as a freedom of
speech protectorate) slander/libel is covered under criminal codes. While
it is true that currently these statutes are not heavily used, if at all,
this will change as businesses and special interest groups move even further
onto electronic networks. Consider the zealous use of the law by the CoS.
Ask Julf if the ramifications are not 'real world'.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com
Not one to ever let a mention of Canada go unchallenged - even when it is a
simple fact or a compliment - I thought I should jump into the discussion.
Like the CoS, many companies have threatened libel actions as a means to silence
people. The McLibel Two in Britian quickly come to mind.
However, also like the Cos, many companies are finding that the net effect of
these libel suites are not in their favour even when they win.
Some brilliant examples of subversive use of trademarks can be found at the
site: Specific examples:
A little clever marketing could go a long way to promoting privacy issues in the
public consciousness. Perhaps an NSA Friends and Family calling plan?

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:13:53
@_author: jbugden@smtplink.alis.ca 
@_subject: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
I have received several private emails inquiring into what possible crypto
relevance the recent exchange over libel/slander and the law. It is clear
that even in democratic countries like Canada (not know as a freedom of
speech protectorate) slander/libel is covered under criminal codes. While
it is true that currently these statutes are not heavily used, if at all,
this will change as businesses and special interest groups move even further
onto electronic networks. Consider the zealous use of the law by the CoS.
Ask Julf if the ramifications are not 'real world'.
                                                 Jim Choate
                                                 CyberTects
                                                 ravage at ssz.com
Not one to ever let a mention of Canada go unchallenged - even when it is a
simple fact or a compliment - I thought I should jump into the discussion.
Like the CoS, many companies have threatened libel actions as a means to silence
people. The McLibel Two in Britian quickly come to mind.
However, also like the Cos, many companies are finding that the net effect of
these libel suites are not in their favour even when they win.
Some brilliant examples of subversive use of trademarks can be found at the
site: Specific examples:
A little clever marketing could go a long way to promoting privacy issues in the
public consciousness. Perhaps an NSA Friends and Family calling plan?
