
@_date: 2003-04-09 21:25:29
@_author: jburnes 
@_subject: One's first OS is always the best 
My first was an HP 2000E BASIC timesharing system.  If it had a recognizable OS, I don't remember
the name.
My second was a PDP 11/03.  Useable.
My third was a TRS-80 and TRSDOS.  Please don't force me to remember it.
Then an Atari 800.  Marginal. (But very nice graphics for the day.  Thank you Jay Miner)
Then the venerable Amiga 1000.  AmigaDOS had multitasking, and some other innovative GUI features.
The whole machine worked like a charm, but lacked memory protection.  Graphics were way ahead
of its time.  Thanks again Jay Miner and crew.
Then various incarnations of DOS/Winbloze.  A real low point.
And then Mac OS X.  Like a breath of fresh air.  BSD on top of Mach.  Fantastic graphics and
a mind blowing GUI.  Just yesterday I saw a demo of the standard OpenGL silver teapots spinning
around over a Mac OS X desktop while a DVD was playing.  As the OpenGL teapots spun past the DVD,
the DVD content was playing and reflecting in the silver surface of the teapots.  In real time.  My jaw dropped.  And then my jaw dropped.  That this was even possible is a testament to an incredible graphics ObCrypto: And of course the really great gpg plugins for the standard mac os x mail client ;-)
jim burnes

@_date: 2003-06-18 20:02:33
@_author: jburnes 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Why go to all that trouble.  Just take it out of circuit.  Cut the printed circuit
board leads and disable it or if its in an inaccessible black box, cut leads to the box.
Easy enough.

@_date: 2003-06-24 13:34:44
@_author: jburnes 
@_subject: Senators from Utah being Southern 
Except its interesting that in the late/ongoing gulf conflict the Catholic church actually
said that US aggression on Iraq was evil.  Interesting.  In any case, my mother who would
consider herself a devout Catholic ignored this control channel and found herself obeying
the other more insidious control channel -- mass media.  They have weapons of
mass destruction.  Tomorrow they could be gassing all of NYC.  blah blah blah.
They have spurned the UN long enough!!!
Nothing about oil companies shutting down Saddam because he was funneling Russian Caspian
sea oil through his pipeline.  The rules say Saddam couldn't pump his own own (except
for oil for food).  They don't say anything about him moving someone else's oil.

@_date: 2003-05-02 12:25:43
@_author: jburnes 
@_subject: Hippies Banning Smoke 
Actually it may be quite rational.  A certain percentage of the population may
be self-medicating for type 2 ADD (nicotine fills in for acetylcholine that they
lack).  Some others use tobacco to focus and tune out the really high of environmental noise and distraction that are part and parcel of modern society.
Some others may do it just because they like it.  Man, cypherpunks has gone down quite a ways when members are advocating who should be allowed
to consume what and when. Next it will be laws to stop people from blowing their
noses in restaurants.  I say let people go to hell in their own way.  Cigarettes or
Jack Black or cocaine.
But this is typical in the overly 'politically correct' society.  The one thing that
really amazed me when I moved to Colorado is the number of middle aged
hippie types that 30 years ago were blasting the establishment for what they wanted to smoke have now *become* the establishment.   A friend of mine was smoking some Drum and shooting the bull with me in Pearl Street
Mall (in Boulder).  Some new ager comes by and reprimands him for generating smoke.
He wasn't even a middle-aged hippie.  The middle-aged hippie types are running the city council, living in $500,000 homes and laying down nazi for the rest.
Hypocrites. Animal Farm come true.  Sometimes I really wish for the 70's. Cheesy
clothes and Jimmy Carter were small threats to world order.
jim burnes

@_date: 2003-05-16 18:08:29
@_author: jburnes 
@_subject: This disc will self-destruct in 48 hours. 
Stupid.  This will probably encourage piracy -- not to mention the large amount
of plastic trash generated by the oxidized disks.
j burnes
