
@_date: 2000-12-06 13:12:02
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: 
I think someone out there makes a USB client-side digital certificate
device.  The only problem is you have to type in your passphrase to
unlock probably.  PDA's would be better.  A PDA with an infrared link
to a USB/serial connector would be ideal.  Preferably with random
voice challenge/response or other biometric.

@_date: 2000-11-01 14:47:28
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
The real question is whether, given the current policital system, Libertarians
that are elected would not be corrupted by the same influences before making
any substantial gains.
As much as I generally respect what Harry Browne says, I dontated money to
his campaign only to see it squandered on expensive DC consultants who were
'friends of the party'.  Nary a penny made it to drive-time radio ads,
which are by far the most cost effective communication medium for reaching Radio is cheap and hot.  When was the last time you heard a Libertarian
sentiment on radio (except talk radio).  The closest I've heard are the "Vote Freedom" ads by Charleton Heston.
Sad that the generic NRA ads speak louder for libertariansism than our
best blood, sweat and tears efforts.
Hats off to CH and NRA for those ads, even though I'm still pissed about
the instant background check bullshit.  Next time I want to excercise
my right to free speach lets see if I need an instant background check.
That particular compromise enabled the FBI to stop all gun sales by
simply bringing down the database.  (Not to mention unconstitutionally
keep all records, making it a de-facto registration system.)

@_date: 2000-11-08 19:18:52
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [Correction] More blather from the DEMS on FL 
I find it extremely interesting that this is all going down in the
state that was covered in detail in the excellent book 'VoteScam'. This book, written by the Collier brothers, details massive voter fraud in Dade county.  When the Colliers discovered the extent of voter fraud they brought it directly to the State Attorney General Janet Reno. Ms. Reno promised action and then conveniently forgot the whole matter.
Are bells ringing yet?  There are those who would claim that I'm complaining all this because I'm a
libertarian partisan.  Let me just say that most of the voter fraud in that
book was internal to the Democratic party.  Claud Pepper's security apparachniks beat up the Collier brother who was running against him
when Collier stood up in a democratic meeting to give a speech.  The tawdry
tale of ballot stuffing, police involvement, and general corruption of the
election process is very disheartening.
One of the reasons I'm so jaded with regards to politics is that I've seen
the force and fraud first hand.  When the Libertarians tried to get included
in the debates in 1992 we were greeted by jack-booted storm troopers, MP5s
and German Shepards in St. Louis.  The Colliers were greeted by the Dade
county machine.  Its all the same.
Maybe Ms. Reno still has connections in Dade county.  If I were a Republican
I'd demand chain of evidence from any so-called 'lost' ballots.

@_date: 2000-11-08 23:15:50
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
I can hear the stand up comics now....
The new motto of Missouri Democrats...
"I see dead people..."
Now dead democrats can vote for dead democrats....
I gotta get out of this state.  Nevada is sounding pretty cool and
I wouldn't have to fly to DEFCON.
(hear that Steve?)

@_date: 2000-11-08 23:25:28
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
It was illegal?
Amusing.  I could stomach 'might be illegal', but illegal?
It was put together by a Democrat to make it easier for the
old folks.
The delicious irony.
BTW: I looked at the image and, reading from top to bottom,
I get Bush, Buchannon, Gore.
I guess Democrats are unfamiliar with those big, fat arrows.
If you don't understand what arrows mean you should not be voting.

@_date: 2000-11-09 12:12:40
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Even more significant is that a dead man cannot take the oath of office.
If he can't take the oath of office he can't occupy the office.  The
governor only has the power to replace a senatoratorial position if the current office holder dies.
Since Carnahan died before he took office, the office remains unfilled.  The governor does not have power to appoint senators willy-nilly. The office must be held before it can be filled.  The correct solution would be to hold a special election so that the public has a chance to know who they are voting
into office.  What the democrats are afraid of is that his wife might be
less fit to hold that office than her husband in some democrat's minds
(after debates etc).
Here is a question?  Would it be vote fraud to run one person's name on the
ballot and replace him with someone else when he won?

@_date: 2000-11-09 14:05:05
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Let me re-state what you have just said.  The 'people' should get what the 'people' want irregardless of the law.  Unfortunately
what the people want is unclear here.  If the people wanted the
dead governors wife for senate they should have put her on the
Playing the bait and switch game distorts the election outcome.
What the people are getting is what the governor wants.
Welcome to the people's paradise of Misery.
If the people really want her, a special election should clear
that up very quickly.  It would be above board and not more
Jefferson City scamming and corruption.
I've seen first hand the intent and demeanor of St. Louis
politics and its not pretty.  This probably had much to do
with his election.

@_date: 2000-11-09 16:03:35
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Bait and switch is probably not the right term.  Let me think
of a better term.  How about fraud.  Promising voters special
favors if he is elected.  But thats the Hatch Act violation and
I digress.
I would say, 'case law be damned'.  A guy who doesn't exist
can't take office.  If he doesn't take office, he can't
be replaced.  You are assuming that the bulk of the people
who voted for Carnahan actually voted for anyone who is
a Democrat -- and that might well be so. But I doubt the
Federal Election Commision will think much of a ballot
where 'you vote Democratic -- we'll fill in the blank'
is a legitimate vote.
I would say the same for any 'candidate', but they Republican,
Democrat, Libertarian or Dead.

@_date: 2000-11-10 05:47:43
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Agreed.  I envision a day (background music swelling and eyes tearing slightly --
an obvious Oscar moment) when it matters little who the President-elect is, because DC is bound and emasculated by its original constitutional chains.
The day when the Pres has little more power than the Queen Mother.
(Of course the Clinton Administration's idea of a Queen Mother might
mean something altogether different ;-)  (tim: is a smiley face
acceptable as a meta-closing paren?)
That should be an easier problem to solve than getting people to accept
the validity of exotic crypto voting protocols.

@_date: 2000-11-17 03:59:06
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida Supreme Court freezes certification 
Hmmm.  That would seem to be a violation of separation of powers.
The Florida deadline law is very clear.  If the Florida Supreme
Court wishes to rule on a suit that the Dems bring up then that
is their authority, but preventing the Secretary of State from
doing her duly appointed job seems to be a violation of separation of powers.
What if Jeb Bush told her to do it?  Who wins?  The executive
authority or the judicial?
Since when did the Florida Supreme Court have executive authority?

@_date: 2000-11-20 17:43:46
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Missouri AG needing postnatal abortion 
Ummm, let me think.  Move to a different ISP/NSP idiot!
jim burnes

@_date: 2000-11-28 12:10:35
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Janet Reno on Florida, children, violence 
Couldn't have said it better myself.
When Dubya finally assumes the crown, the AGUS appointment will be
the biggest relief for me.  Not that I'm personally affected.  It's
just that having a baby burner refusing to resign for that long and
then talk about children's exposure to violence...
Its like some scene out of Catch 22.
(hope that line doesn't activate some damn MKUltra droid ;-)

@_date: 2000-11-30 17:33:36
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: online copy of Vinge's True Names 
The wonderful KDE2 Browswer 'Konqueror' loaded it with no
problems.  Of course it was being pounded heavily, but it
did eventually come up.
BTW: If you get a chance to install Linux Mandrake 7.2 distribution,
I highly recommend KDE2.  Despite a few remaining bugs Konqueror is
the browser so many of us waited for from the Mozilla group, but never
received.  ObCrypto: Konqueror implements full SSL with client-side certs
and its Cryptography configuration dialog allows fine-grained control
over crypto settings (as well as displaying transforms currently in use).

@_date: 2000-10-10 12:20:33
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
Could someone cogently explain the difference between communitarians
and communists?
I get the impression that communitarians were sort of a communist/fascist
hybrid, but I'm sure someone has a more elegant explanation.

@_date: 2000-10-10 12:35:18
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
Yeah.  In the dim, dusty recesses of my memory I seem to recall the
Communitarian zeal with something the NWO types are calling 'The
Third Way'.  A way of involving business and government together
to create social change.  Last time I checked thats called Fascism.
But it has a fuzzy "community" flavor to it that smaks of the communist
A memetic psychologist would have a field day with it.
"The iron hand in a velvet glove"

@_date: 2000-10-12 12:14:36
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gov. Bush links Columbine massacre to Internet use 
Actually, your vote should be about getting what you want, not what
you don't want.  The quickest way to do that now is to consistently vote
for the worst possible candidate.
Only by maximally accellerating the downward spiral this country
has been in for 70 years or more will the sheeple start to wake up.
Like I've said before.  When you have alcohol poisoning the best
thing to do is dump your stomach contents.  Get the poison out.
You won't do it by gradually falling asleep and dying from it.
Bring on the socio/fascist state.  I'd like Stalinist communism by 10am tomorrow morning please.  I know that would wake at least
10% up.
Its the steady march of gradualism that is killing this country.
If our great grandfathers went into suspended animation in 1910
and were awakened now they would be in shock.  Not just from
the technology, but with the willingness with which we tolerate
our enslavement.

@_date: 2000-10-18 18:55:11
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ADL lists anarchy symbol as racist 
Wow.  Runic alphabets are verboten also.
Guess we ought to boycott Tolkein.

@_date: 2000-10-19 10:37:20
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) 
Wow.  The imagery!
Actually the best way to deal with it is by a memetic vaccine (what would
the equivalent be in memetics? mezzine? someone fluent in latin help me
out here).
I really think that humanity will discover that a lot of what humans call
beliefs are really just widespread memetic plagues.  When memetic engineering
reaches the same stage in scientific development as biology has, much
of the 'isms that regularly wipe out entire populations may be brought
under control.
And humanity can move on.
(But not before memtic and nanotech warfare resurface the planet in some unpredicatable way, no doubt).

@_date: 2000-10-19 11:24:29
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ADL lists anarchy symbol as racist 
Hehe.  I was going to do the tiresome emoticon thingy after 'verboten',
but I rightly assumed that someone would enjoy the irony in it without
having to hammer it home.  I was not dissapointed. The twist was actually unintentional.  I usually use 'verboten' to mean, not just forbidden, but forbidden
by the thought police.  The irony is delicious.  I mean, who would have
thought that the usage drummed into me by all those Hollywood war
movies would eventually be used to describe....oh never mind...

@_date: 2000-10-25 12:02:13
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Re: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk?) 
I was raised Catholic, but became a severe agnostic at age 15.  I
read the Exorcist at age 12 and it scared the shit out of me.  As
I got older it kept getting more and more humorous.
My son who was raised agnostic thought it was hilarious from the
There is a lesson there.

@_date: 2000-09-05 10:39:10
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
Actually, St. Patrick is mostly a mythical creature constructed
from the actual Roman ruling family Patricias.  The whole St. Patrick
chasing out the snakes is clearly a metaphor for the Roman church
killing off the pagans.
As is typical amonst the Roman church, the peasants, once suitably
under control are made to believe the destruction of the old way of
life was actually a blessing.  The Romans pushed this on them until
the old ways faded into the memory hole.

@_date: 2000-09-07 12:13:22
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Germans to tax PCs for Lars 
Thats no diffferent than BMI or ASCAP here in the states.  The
only difference is that here that is a completely private transaction.
No government involvement or interference necessary or desired.
Having the government make it a tax is a little too much like
fascism.  Correction, its exactly like fascism.
Now that the US Federal government wouldn't try it.

@_date: 2000-09-12 17:50:23
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Abortion Assasination Politics likely going to Supremes 
More to the point.  Would a supreme court ruling in this respect be a
good ruling.  Trying to read someone's mind and trying him on his
supposed thoughts is a little like convicting a man via ESP.
Despite the fact that the man running the site wrote that killing
abortion doctors would be justified, he did not explicitly state
that these people or their families should be harmed.  Shunned
perhaps, protested against perhaps.  But incitement to murder
should have an extremely high standard of evidence and equally
high protection of the supposed speech by the first amendment.
The second point assumes that a common citizen would react
by killing the people on his web page.  If a cypherpunk copied
his page and archived it on his website would it also be incitement
to murder?  The implication is that guilt or innocence is dependent
upon the visitors to your web site.  If the supreme upholds this it could set a precedent to go after
any web site that publishes controversial data.  By the same
standard of evidence can we convict everyone that supplies
data regarding drugs, machine gun construction techniques,
bomb making info of 'knowing that someone would use it
to nefarious ends?'  The jury in this case says that the publisher of the information is responsible for the potential
use of the information.
And that is one long slippery slope.  Not that Congress wouldn't be game.
I think a more credible indictment would be charges of aiding
and abetting the killers.  Of course you need evidence
for that.  That takes real work from police detectives.
Gosh, couldn't have any of that.
For the record, I am not anti-abortion.

@_date: 2000-09-26 17:41:54
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Meth bill resurfaces on Capitol Hill 
You know, I hope it passes.  No, I haven't taken leave of my senses.
I've just had it up to *here* with gradualism.  I'm really reaching the
point of morbid curiosity to see exactly what the sheeple will tolerate.
I know the constitution is practically dead anyway, but just how much
abuse can the sheeple take before they wake up?
Maybe making links to football, "professional wrestling" and Jerry Springer
websites can be made illegal because of their "violent" content.  Now
that would get their attention.
While you are at it make firearm ownership completely illegal.  I know that
will get someone's attention.
A friend of mine in college said that his job in life was to do everything
he could to increase entropy.  I didn't understand what why he chose that path. I do now.
The United States is sick.  Intoxicated on its own power, it has a serious case of the the bed spins.  Sometimes when you are that drunk
the quickest way to solve the problem is to stick your fingers down
your throat and heave.
The only reason gradualism works is because it operates below the
noise floor.  The noise floor in this country is full bellies and
unlimited entertainment.  Bread and circuses.
Decrease the noise floor and increase the rate of change.
I think I'll be voting democrat this season.

@_date: 2000-09-27 14:24:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: CDR: Re: <nettime> Rebirth of Guilds 
Very good.
Its amazing.  Sampo seems like a normal, well spoken person.  Hypothetical situation, Sampo.
Guy likes a girl.  Wants to have sex with her.  She doesn't like him
and does not want to associate with him because he's a boor,
unintelligent, ugly whatever.  She shuns him (as does every other
woman in the village).  Guy is unhappy.  Doesn't like being shunned.
Maybe he has strange notions of male-female relations.  Judge Sampo comes in and orders forced sex with any woman the guy
chooses because, after all, he deserves to be loved and being
shunned is just like being hit over the head with a ball-peen
Forced relations are fine with Judge Sampo, unfortunately everyone
else views it as rape and kicks the Judge and the bad guy out of
town (normally they would have executed him, but they abhor violence ;-)
Freedom of association obviously implies the freedom to choose with whom you associate as does the freedom of speech imply choosing
the words you speak.  You cannot delegate to the state the power
to force someone to associate with someone else because you never
had the right to begin with.  If you do get the state to do it for you, it
will be enforced with guns, theft and prison terms.  You find that less abhorrent than people not associating with people
you think they should be associating with?  Time to get back to modus ponens and tollens for you, Sampo.
(Or like one of my philosophy teachers once said, "Send him
back to his parents.  I can do nothing with him.")

@_date: 2001-04-05 02:23:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Day #2: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in Tacoma 
Maybe London would prefer China, where thought crime is punished
by life in slave labor camps.  During your communist "rebirth" process
you are made to renounce your opinions on a daily basis.
Why don't they charge him with conspiracy to murder in the first
degree then?  Presumably because they don't have a case.  Wait,
conspiracy needs others involved, right?  How about attempted
Now stalking has been expanded to passive activities like finding
information about people.  Many private detectives would be out of
business if that were the case.  Maybe Bell was simply going to
complain to his congressman about them.  Must be sure you have
the exact Jeff Gordon.
And this was allowd into evidence?  The court system is apparently nosediving quicker than I had previously thought.
They are afraid of guns they had already probably confiscated?  Were
they agaid Bell was going to break into BATF's evidence locker?
Woops.  Thought crimes and ownership crimes.  Maybe we are slowly
being prepared for integration into a system like communist china.
(maybe were half-way there)
Evil, evil, bad, nasty Jim Bell.  I say he should be drawn and
quartered.  Wait, thats not good enough for him.  His outburst probably had something to do with said "evidence" that had no bearing on the case.  And bayonets?  Holy shit, next thing
you know Bell might have a hankering to put a sling on his rifle.
Maybe a cleaning kit or two.  Lord knows with all that equipment
he wasn't just hunting rabbits.
Normal response to kangaroo trial proceedings.  But it does piss
of Judges.  Mr Bell, you must learn how to handle those rigged
trials with aplomb.
Oh my f'ing god.  On the Internet?  Next we'll be asked to believe in evolution and a round earth.
Just the next horseman of the infocalypse I say.  Internet users, immanentizing
the Eschaton!
Hmmm.  More like star chambers.
Were it not for a jury, Tanner could simply pronounce him summarily
guilty and be done with it.  Not to worry though, its unlikely the jury has any concept of their rights.

@_date: 2001-04-05 02:23:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Day #2: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in Tacoma 
Maybe London would prefer China, where thought crime is punished
by life in slave labor camps.  During your communist "rebirth" process
you are made to renounce your opinions on a daily basis.
Why don't they charge him with conspiracy to murder in the first
degree then?  Presumably because they don't have a case.  Wait,
conspiracy needs others involved, right?  How about attempted
Now stalking has been expanded to passive activities like finding
information about people.  Many private detectives would be out of
business if that were the case.  Maybe Bell was simply going to
complain to his congressman about them.  Must be sure you have
the exact Jeff Gordon.
And this was allowd into evidence?  The court system is apparently nosediving quicker than I had previously thought.
They are afraid of guns they had already probably confiscated?  Were
they agaid Bell was going to break into BATF's evidence locker?
Woops.  Thought crimes and ownership crimes.  Maybe we are slowly
being prepared for integration into a system like communist china.
(maybe were half-way there)
Evil, evil, bad, nasty Jim Bell.  I say he should be drawn and
quartered.  Wait, thats not good enough for him.  His outburst probably had something to do with said "evidence" that had no bearing on the case.  And bayonets?  Holy shit, next thing
you know Bell might have a hankering to put a sling on his rifle.
Maybe a cleaning kit or two.  Lord knows with all that equipment
he wasn't just hunting rabbits.
Normal response to kangaroo trial proceedings.  But it does piss
of Judges.  Mr Bell, you must learn how to handle those rigged
trials with aplomb.
Oh my f'ing god.  On the Internet?  Next we'll be asked to believe in evolution and a round earth.
Just the next horseman of the infocalypse I say.  Internet users, immanentizing
the Eschaton!
Hmmm.  More like star chambers.
Were it not for a jury, Tanner could simply pronounce him summarily
guilty and be done with it.  Not to worry though, its unlikely the jury has any concept of their rights.

@_date: 2001-04-09 23:35:57
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
I believe this is called a 'reification' error -- a logical fallacy
where the 'treatment of an analytic or abstract relationship as though
it were a concrete entity' (young. p 109 from principia cybernetica).

@_date: 2001-01-03 14:09:20
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Yahoo gives in to french fascists 
I really doesn't matter what Yahoo decides to do.  Ebay is much
larger anyway.  What I want to know is who at Yahoo decides what material is hate
Does this ban you from selling Bibles, The Koran or the Talmud
on Yahoo? I'm sure you can find racist "Them vs. Us" themes in all those
The comment on glorification of violence was interesting.
Can you sell a video tape of "Blood Sport"?  How about any war
movie or book that glorifies heroism, bravery or the warrior
spirit?  Who decides if they are glorifying or simply portraying
violence as a means to and end.
BTW: You could have spared us from posting an embedded URL.  While
my mail client can handle it, its one of the worst forms of spam.
jim burnes

@_date: 2001-01-08 17:35:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
How would you know if it was sent by him unless it had a digital signature
that you are willing to testify in court was know to belong to him and
had not been comprimised?

@_date: 2001-01-10 10:54:37
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little Boomlet 
Their interests are in making capital grow and prosper.  These
are diametrically opposed to the interests of high taxation and socialism.
I don't think the Bermuda dot-coms are worried about these guys acting in their own interests.  I think they are banking on it....

@_date: 2001-01-18 11:56:01
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
To all the people who find Ashcroft objectionable, let me concur
with Declan that there is no one they will not find objectionable.
In my opinion, anyone that doesn't burn little children in their
churches is at least an order of magnitude better than Janet
I'd also like to point out that anything he says in the confirmation
hearings is likely to be whatever he thinks the questioner wants to
He will whisper sweet nothings into Dianne Feinstein's ear about his
new plans for the fascist state if he thinks it will turn Feinswein's
Do you really think Feinswein will vote for him?
Who cares.  Nothing short of a libertarian (small l) renessaince will
stop the tide of fascism that continues to reverberate through our body
politic.  Someone needs to register  and have a
real time track of the level of subjugation on this land of ours.
(Hint: The DEA wants to put people in prison for possessing hemp soap.  Its
totally out of control.)

@_date: 2001-01-19 13:52:56
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
I've appraised the Waco scenario more than most.  You might want to do a little digging before you trumpet the statist line.  I don't
know if you're a US citizen Reese, but owning firearms in Texas is
not a reason to burn and gas people alive.  Go get informed.
Unlikely.  My guess is that his so-called record, while not stellar A+
NRA material, is certainly a lot better than most.  He is almost certainly
telling Feinswein exactly what she wants to hear.  His most egregious downfall is his position on the drug war.  This is the most critical of
all positions and the one that the media is curiously un-interested in.

@_date: 2001-01-22 09:42:58
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Reno rocks out 
I have a pretty decent sense of humor, but when I saw this it filled
me with revulsion.
They should have shown her dancing with effigies of charred corpses.
That would have been appropo.

@_date: 2001-03-21 14:39:53
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Gun Activists Have A Stake Against Filtering 
Wed, Mar 21, 2001 at 11:10:03AM -0800
I believe the original rallying cry was:
"No Taxation Without Representation"
Conditional representation (of which taxation is clearly but a part) should be provably unconstitutional.
Wait, I forgot.  I thought we were still in a republic.
Never mind.
