
@_date: 1997-06-04 05:30:29
@_author: James Choate 
@_subject: Hacker Links page 
Hi Duffy,
Please do not send further email to 'jchoate at tivoli.com' as this has
nothing to do with my business or the issue under discussion. ALL
correspondance should occur through 'ravage at ssz.com' or phone at
512-451-7087 (8pm - 10pm CST only). Should I receive further email
at Tivoli - IBM's site I will inform them of the breach on your part.
First, let's set the record straight. I was NEVER asked to do anything.
It was DEMANDED that I take the link down. When I explained that I would
not do that I received an email accussing me of criminal libel. Not what
I would call a request by any definition of that word. I don't like being
threatened and it makes me less than cooperative when it happens.
Furthermore, why should I take it down? Does the owner plan on dropping
the site and therefore it is a dead link? Certainly I will take it down
because it reflects badly on me having dead links.
As to where the html that I currently possess came from originaly, I
don't have a clue. I received it as a piece of email from somebody quite
a while ago (memory says over a year). If it really did come from The
Hackers Catalog and they are claiming copyright on it, I have no problem
removing their html, I would replace it with the same links using my own
text and html thereby removing the infringment. Is that what you are
The next question that needs asked is whether there is any copyrighted
material other than The Hackers Catalog claim. The link does not use
any text or graphics from the target site. It furthermore does not even
explicity identify the link. So it is clear that there is no copyrighted
material from Don or his site residing on my server.
So, the remaining question is does Don have the legal right to limit who
may link to it. I do not believe that Don has any more right to decide
who can link or furthermore visit his sight than my own. This in effect
means none.
I believe the only reasonable responce that I can have to this 'request'
is to decline on any other issue other than removing the The Hackers
Catalog and replacing it with my own file.
So, are you representing The Hackers Catalog and requesting the removal
of their fragment of html? If so then I have no problem replacing the file
as soon as I receive a written notice from a legal representative detailing
the complaint and the time period I have to correct the situation.
If you are instead representing Don and requesting that I remove that
specific link because of his disatisfaction with its location then I must
refuse. I furthermore would request, as I have of Don, to forward me the
name and number of the appropriate lawyer so that my legal council may
contact them and begin proceedings.
Have a nice day.
                                               Jim Choate
                                               The Armadillo Group
                                               ravage at ssz.com
                                               512-451-7087

@_date: 1997-10-07 22:28:57
@_author: James Choate 
@_subject: Press Release: Federal Government Teams With Tivoli (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
X-Lotus-FromDomain: TIVOLI SYSTEMS
Content-Length: 3758
                  Federal Government Teams With Tivoli To Develop
                              Security Specifications
             Austin, TX, and Baltimore, MD, October 7, 1997 -- Tivoli
        Systems, architect of TME 10, the world's leading systems, network
        and applications management platform, today announced it will work
        with the U.S. Government to establish new security specifications
        for Information Technology solutions.
           Threats to information security have never been more prevalent
        than they are today.  Valuable data is commonly stored within and
        transmitted over corporate and public networks.  The rapid adoption
        of the Intra/Internet for business purposes has magnified the
        challenge of securing this data and has caused an increased demand
        for better methods of establishing IT security certification.
             Responding to this demand, the National Institute of Standards
        and Technology (NIST) and the National Security Agency (NSA) have
        partnered to form the National Information Assurance Partnership
        (NIAP), a joint effort between government and private industry.  To
        help further its goal of developing new certification processes and
        criteria, NIST turned to Tivoli.
           "The NIAP is an important step forward in improving overall
        commercial security," said Gail Daniels, vice president of
        marketing at Tivoli.  "As the introduction of Tivoli's TME 10
        Security Management product made clear some time ago, we have
        solidly demonstrated our commitment to meeting the vast marketplace
        demands for security.  We applaud the NIAP and its efforts as it
        works to identify faster and better methods for certifying security
        products."
             "We are meeting with a broad variety of industry leaders, such
        as Tivoli, to refine the goals of the National Information
        Assurance Partnership and its programs to meet the demands of the
        public and private sectors for timely, efficient and effective
        testing, evaluation, and certification," said Tim Grance, NIAP
        program manager.  "We are determined to make this a collaborative
        effort between industry and government.  With the support of
        industry leaders and their customers, we can do just that."
             Tivoli's TME 10 Security Management is the only product to
        centralize enterprise security management and extend
        mainframe-class access control across distributed
        computing platforms.  Modeled largely upon IBM's RACF, the leading
        access control product for datacenter environments, TME 10
        Security Management was designed for distributed environments,
        including UNIX and Windows NT platforms.
        About Tivoli Systems
             Tivoli Systems provides TME 10, the industry's leading
        solution for end-to-end management of distributed computing
        environments, from mobile computers to mainframes.  Thousands of
        companies around the globe use TME 10 and compatible third-party
        products to reduce the cost and complexity of managing networks,
        systems, databases and applications.  Headquartered in Austin,
        Texas, Tivoli is an IBM Company.  Tivoli distributes its products
        worldwide, through a network of domestic and international sales
        offices, system integrators, resellers and IBM sales channels.  For
        more information, visit Tivoli's World Wide Web site at
