
@_date: 1995-12-01 18:43:47
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: WTO an even worse possibility as Inet regulator. 
Friend, attila at primenet.com did the list a service when he sent his message, "WTO an even worse possibility as Inet regulator." Basing the message "on an article from the (London) Finan- cial Times," he states that    a very credible white paper is circulating for the WTO to    establish an internet CZAR to regualate the Internet... and he asks:    personally, the Feds and the FCC are bad enough --now    they want to have a **global** bureaucracy play god  -??? That 11 29 95 Financial Times newsstory is headlined:      Global regulator urged for information highway Who's doing the urging? The Royal Institute of International Telecommunications Policy put out a report written by a Shell man and a think- tank woman. As regards encryption, the RIITP people    ...point out that issues such as...encryption...have global    rather than national aspects. Then they contradict themselves:    "Encryption, for example, raises tricky and emotive issues    connected with...national security and cannot be treated    simply as a business problem." Whatever works!  They "encrypt" the ultimatums of the New World disorder in any...key. At the very end of the newsstory:    Global Superhighways, Chatham House, 10 St James    Square, London SW1Y 4LE I'm guessing Global Superhighways is the title of the RIITP report.  As for Chatham House...   In 1919 [a group of young men who became the dominant   influence in British imperial and foreign affairs up to 1939]   founded the Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham   House) for which the chief financial supporters were Sir Abe   Bailey and the Astor family (owners of The [London] Times).   Similar Institutes of International Affairs were established   in the chief British dominions and in the United States   (where it is known as the Council on Foreign Relations).     --Carroll Quigley [Clinton's mentor].  Tragedy and Hope.       A History of the World in Our Time.  Macmillan, 1966.       P 132. RIITP is probably a front for RIIA.  I conjecture, though, that the real publisher of the report has his house in Washington.          The main threat to freedom is still internal,                     rather than external. Looked at from the inside, of course. Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-12-02 09:22:41
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Cyberspace Inc & Robber Baron Age 
Friend, 11 29 95 Computer underground Digest carries the complete text of Rick Moore's article,         Cyberspace Inc and the Robber Baron Age,           an analysis of PFF's "Magna Carta" scheduled to appear in the print journal, The Information Soci- ety. Here's a sample:  Instead of an infrastructure for public communications -- like  the current Internet, or the American highway system -- cyber-  space would be developed as a corporate owned monopoly --  priced at whatever the traffic will bear.  Instead of providing a "space" in which citizens are free to  speak and associate (like Internet), cyberspace would become a  profit-machine and propaganda channel for media conglomerates.  PFF's manifesto is a formula for neo-feudalism in the "Know-  ledge Age" -- it is a charter for what could aptly be dubbed  "Cyberspace Inc".
The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from              Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-12-02 13:47:10
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in UK ? - Part 3 
Friend, A 12 01 95 The Electronic Telegraph newsstory headlined          Policeman bugs own station by mistake reports:    ...a listening device was found at the headquarters of    Lothian and Borders Police in Edinburgh.    The "bug", disguised to look like a plug adaptor, picked up    the day-to-day business of the operations room, including    radio and telephone messages and conservations between    staff. Conservations between staff?  Conversations in which not a word is wasted?    Its presence was discovered when staff in a rest area tried    to tune a radio to a different station and picked up the voices    of their colleagues. I used to despise those who couldn't keep their hands off the dial for 5 minutes, but since reading this story my attitude's been adjusted.    Concerned that secrets were being transmitted abroad, the    force "swept" the control room with anti-bugging technology,    only to find that the device belonged to them.    It had been "planted" by an officer who thought it was a real    adaptor. Of course I believe that! For what comes around...goes around. Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The Electronic Telegraph website's URL:                The newsstory's by:        AUSLAN CRAMB, SCOTTISH CORRESPONDENT        Its online filename: 1bugs01.html

@_date: 1995-12-03 21:40:17
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in the Americas ? 
Friend, A 12 02 95 Bloomberg newsstory is headlined:      Latin American nations will help U.S. combat                  money laundering The newsstory's datelined:        BUENOS AIRES (Dec 2, 1995 - 16:38 EST) It reports:    A communique issued after a two-day meeting of ministers    and anti-drug officials from throughout the Americas said    countries had agreed to...establish systems to identify    transfers and deposits that could be linked to illegal    activities. Please note: NOT transfers and deposits that                     are so linked but t & d's that                   COULD BE so linked,                         and                       seized ! Perhaps that's why US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin exclaimed      ...this conference was an enormous step forward. In particular,    Countries in the region were encouraged to follow the U.S.    lead in setting up organizations which use computerized    technology to search data bases for suspicious transactions,    said Rubin. Such organizations can be distant, official organizations or they can be neighborhood, job-creating, community-aware, entre- preneurial blessings.  Anyway you like it ! One selling-point at the conference:    Crime organizations such as the Yakuza in Japan, the Col-    ombian drug cartels and the Italian mafia depend on money    laundering to place their gains beyond the reach of the    law.
Rubin summed up the point:        Profits that can't be spent aren't profits. He would have us believe he doesn't know where to shop. The illegals can spend profits on neighborhood troops, troops armed --one way or another-- by the world's most successful arms supplier. The advantage to that supplier?  It keeps     all 34 [minus 1] democratic governments in the region destabilized --amenable to penetration by money bags who know how to thrive in managed chaos-- ; and still dependent on arms from the "distant," official supplier. The advantage to the money bags?  It diverts "profits that can't be spent" from directly competing with them. The advantage to the illegals?  Neighborhood troops protect turf and provide inexpensive medical treatment for those with complaints. The advantage to the politicos?  Low intensity warfare keeps government troops busy doing something besides staging coups. Managed chaos?  Like the Buenos Aires conference which     ...emerged from [Clinton's] Summit of the Americas held     in Miami a year ago.
Right to privacy?  But of course.  From scheming in Miami to "profits that can't be spent" coverup in Buenos Aires to "we don't do that anymore" death squads in any of the 34.                "But I meant, for the people."                "You mean you have a complaint?" Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The Nando Times website URL is:                      The online filename of the above newsstory is:                 biz634_2.html

@_date: 1995-12-04 00:43:07
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Diskless "Eunuchs" Machines Likely to Fail 
Friend, 12 03 95 Edupage reports: SUN PLANS JAVA-LIKE MICROKERNEL
Sun Microsystems is already working on a microkernel-like operating system to run low-tech "Internet appliances."  Dubbed Java OS, Sun's chief technical officer Eric Schmidt calls it the "natural next step" for Java.
The new software will "take the Java classes and put them on the mini- mum OS functionality you need.  You can add additional functionality by writing in Java," he says.  It will require only 4 to 8 Mbytes of memory, and will not support Windows applications or other programs that make large demands on system memory. "This thing doesn't come with Sound Blaster and speakers.  If you need a PC, buy a PC," says Schmidt.                                      (Information Week 4 Dec 95 p104) The condescending tone illustrates the points made by wfgodot at iquest.com on 11 30 95:  It seems that many corporate types are fixated on the idea of tractable
 and predictable consumers.  [snip]  The approach to understanding the actual dynamics of why people are and
 will increasingly come into this space and what they will want to do
 once they get there is deficient for many.  [snip]  Others are puzzled, or are overtly threatened by the idea of potential  consumer's who are also content producers. Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-12-05 00:05:02
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right on "My" Desktop ? 
Friend, A 12 04 95 The Electronic Telegraph newsstory headlined             'Spoilsport' software bars games reports that    An American company called DVD has developed a utility    called UnGame that can delete up to 3,100 games from a    computer network.  Even if the game is hidden on the com-    puter user's own hard disk, it will find it. The user's own hard disk?    Although the machines at work usually belong to the com-    pany, most employees regard them as an electronic equi-    valent of their desk, and are similarly territorial. John Davison, PC Zone editor, says:    If anyone stole something from your desk you'd be fed up.    If anybody stole something from my computer, I'd be equal-    ly disgusted. What kind of software is UnGame? The newsstory suggests the answer:    ...industry experts have complained that companies may    be releasing "tailored viruses".... I believe my first post to the list was about McAfee's Virus Blocker.  Perhaps that can be...adapted. If so, those who then declared the information had nothing to do with privacy may continue playing their games. Of course companies may try another tack: Oracle's "internet terminal." As dlv at bwalk.dm.com pointed out in his 11 18 95 post,  [I guess, they mean no permanent storage or software other  than the browser in ROM. No remembered state, no viruses  ... -DV] In "my" terminal. Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The Electronic Telegraph's website URL is:                The newsstory's online filename is:        ngame02.htm        It was written by:        ROBERT UHLIG, TECHNOLOGY CORRESPON-        DENT        It first appeared in 12 03 95 The Daily Telegraph.        The McAfee website URL is:        http;//

@_date: 1995-12-05 08:47:12
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Info on Netscape's key escrow position 
Blanc, On 12 02 95 you pointed to:    ...an underlying problem, which is of not having a sense    of freedom to stand up to the Dark Side. You have put your finger on perhaps THE problem: Why did we cast aside our sense of freedom?  How may we re-ignite the spirit of freedom? I believe excerpts from a newsstory in today's Electronic Telegraph provide a hint regarding the first question:    JOHN Major and Lord Taylor, the Lord Chief Justice, are to    have informal talks at No 10 Downing Street in an attempt    to avert a deepening rift between Government and judiciary.    The meeting has been arranged following concern over the    number of adverse court judgments against ministerial de-    cisions and mounting opposition by judges to plans by Mi-    chael Howard, the Home Secretary, to impose tougher man-    datory sentences on habitual criminals.    It was being emphasised in Whitehall last night that the in-    formal meeting was intended to explore ways of improving    relations. It was in no sense an attempt to put pressure on    the judges.    It emerged last night that Mr Major and Lord Taylor are like-    ly to discuss ways of increasing the pay of the judiciary.    Senior judges are said to be aggrieved that their salaries    have fallen behind. In no sense is one part of the the State putting pressure on another part of the State... Through every sense, the populace is trained to appreciate the justice of              not having a sense of freedom to stand up Except at the pay window. Cordially, Jim                               NOTE              The URL of The Electronic Telegraph's website is:                            The newsstory's headlined: "Pay and peace talks              for judges."  Its online filename is: 1judge05.html.              It's dated 12 05 95.              The story was written by: GEORGE JONES and              TERENCE SHAW.

@_date: 1995-12-13 11:34:09
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Plea for information 
Friend, On 12 07 95 you sent a Plea for information to cypherpunks-  You said:   I would be interested in learning more about the politics and   mathematics of cryptography....   [snip]   ...I would like to know how best to understand cryptography -   I have a textbook on the basic mathematical concepts under-   lying the techniques but it is too advanced for my current   knowledge in this field (A-level - ie. end of high school),   please can you suggest a good starting place for me. I suggest you lay aside the maths for a time and buy a copy of:     Bruce Schneier     E-Mail Security. How to Keep Your Electronic Messages       Private     John Wiley & Sons, Inc     1995 I enquired this morning at Wiley's NY office and was told:     (a) the book is available in the UK     (b) the phone number of Wiley's Chichester office is                 44 1243 779 777 Here's the book's Contents in Brief: Part I:  Privacy and Electronic Mail              Chapter   1: The Problem              Chapter   2: Encryption              Chapter   3: Key Management              Chapter   4: Authentication              Chapter   5: Certificates              Chapter   6: Keeping Your Private Key Private              Chapter   7: Odds and Ends              Chapter   8: Patents, Governments, and Export Laws Part II: Achieving Electronic-Mail Privacy              Chapter   9: Requirements and Features              Chapter  10: Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM)              Chapter  11: Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)              Chapter  12: Comparing PGP and PEM              Chapter  13: Attacks Against PGP and PEM Appendix A: Pretty Good Privacy Appendix B: Privacy Enhanced Mail Index Appendix A = PGP User's Guide. Volume I: Essential Topics. Appendix B = Request for Comments: 1421. To study the book --not the same thing as just reading it-- you will need PGP to experiment with.  An ingenious lad should have little trouble... After you have some concrete experience, it'll be easier to see the relevance of the maths. As regards "the politics...of cryptography," this excerpt from the book's Foreward by William Murray should pique your interest:   To the extent that E-mail proves to be important, we can   expect to see many attempts on the part of government   to coopt it in much the same way that they have coopted   the paper mail system.  The excuses that it will use to   do so will be related to security.  It will repeat the   claim of Cromwell's government ["many  dangerous and wick-   ed designs...are daily contrived against the welfare of   this Commonwealth"] and will create whatever evidence is   required to convince the people of the validity of the   claim. Arguments to the contrary notwithstanding, the real   motive will be to maintain political control and influence. Oklahoma?  Whatever... Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-12-21 08:54:31
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Friend, On 12 17 95 jimbell at pacifier.com proposed     ...a system...that would "blind" campaign donations as to     their source:  The donor could be satisfied that his dona-     tion gets to the candidate or cause, but the candidate could-     n't know  who actually paid the money (and the donor would     be unable to prove that he made a donation...). Let's analyse: A gives B what B wants (money) so that B will give A what A   wants (whatever). A knows B got the money. A can't prove he gave the money to B. B knows he got the money. B can't be sure that A gave the money. So, depending on time, place, and circumstance; and assum- ing B's elected:      B will not give A what A wants
                 OR      B will give A what A wants For instance, if...   A gives the money but dies before B gets elected.   A gives the money but gets sent to the Balkans.   A is a nobody. ...B will not give A what A wants. For instance, if...   A gives the money but B's already in debt to him, and the     baloon payment's due.   A gives the money and A's appointed head of an office where     B's relatives "work."   A is the main man in town. ...B will give A what A wants. Some things are known by some people whether they're entered on the books or not. I agree with the proposer that his system     ...would change politics as we know it.
Flexible corruption is best. Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-12-25 01:03:18
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: FTC Privacy Initiative 
Friend, You may wish to inform yourself about the FTC Privacy Initia- tive:  The US Federal Trade Commission has launched a "Privacy Initia-  tive" to investigate whether the information collected at web-  sites (either that affirmatively submitted by a visitor via a  form or information collected based upon a visitor's selection  of pages at a site to reflect personal interests) should be the  subject of regulation by the FTC.  To get background on this effort, you may want to read a speech  by FTC Commissioner Varney on Electronic Commerce and Privacy  which is available at the FTC's site under speeches                        or [at] the Advertising Law Internet Site              http;//  under speeches.  This week the staff of the FTC established a mailing list to  allow interested parties to discuss the issues surrounding the  privacy interests of consumers visiting web sites.  To subscribe,  send the message                         subscribe  to                   privacy-request at ftc.gov                           ---- The above is an excerpt from a 12 20 95 message to another list. Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1996-01-01 14:17:25
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Ah, the future... 
Friend,   12 31 95 Associated Press reports:      Ah, the future ...
     At least part of what will happen in the coming year      seems clear.  Cyberspace will be regulated -- kicking      and screaming -- and the court battles over free speech      will begin.  "It's going to throw the Internet into a      state of uncertainty for several years," said [Bob] Smith      [of Interactive Services Association].   You may recall the question I asked in an earlier message:      And when the State DECIDES...?   But that's all right...      Despite that, business growth on the net will begin to      catch up with the phenomenal increase in accounts.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's headline?  YEAR OF THE INTERNET:   What a tangled web we weave.  Its dateline?  (Dec 31, 1995 -   00:23 EST).  Accessed at?  Nando News (   Online filename?  info306_3.html   That message?   Date: Wed, 22 Nov 1995 04:16:50 -0500 (EST)   From: jcobb at ahcbsd1.ovnet.com ("James M. Cobb")   To: cypherpunks at toad.com   Subject: Secrets of the Internet   This critical essay, "Ah, the future..."  was composed   12 31 95.

@_date: 1995-11-09 14:03:34
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Virus-Blocker 
Friend, This item from 11 07 95 Edupage may be of interest to you:                       VIRUS-BLOCKER McAfee Associates has a new product called WebScan that identifies virus-tainted programs before they're downloaded and warns the user not to continue.  Security experts say WebScan is the first product that prevents viruses from in- fecting a computer to begin with, rather than attacking the problem after it's already occurred.  (Wall Street Journal 6 Nov 95 B6) Cordially, Jim                          NOTE To subscribe to Edupage, send a message to:                  listproc@ educom.unc.edu In the body of the message type:
               subscribe edupage

@_date: 1995-11-10 17:51:46
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Above The "Minimum" 
The following excerpt is reposted by permission of editor at cdt.org
(cdt = Center for Democracy and Technology).
CDT POLICY POST Number 28                      November 6, 1995
CONTENTS: (1) Senator Leahy Calls on FBI to Justify Surveillance Capacity
              Request
          (2) Text of Senator Leahy's Letter to FBI Director Freeh
          (3) Review of Digital Telephony Implementation to Date
          (4) How To Subscribe To The CDT Policy Post Distribution List
          (5) About CDT, Contacting Us
This document may be re-distributed freely provided it remains in its
entirety. Excerpts may be re-posted by permission (editor at cdt.org)
(3) REVIEW OF DIGITAL TELEPHONY PROCESS TO DATE
* DIRECT NEGOTIATIONS WITH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CARRIERS FOR
  CAPACITY ABOVE THE NATIONAL MINIMUM?
The FBI has proposed to undertake direct negotiations with
telecommunications carriers for surveillance capacity beyond the proposed
national minimum standard requested in the notice.
When Congress passed CALEA last year, it created a public process to bring
law enforcement's electronic surveillance ability under public scrutiny in
order to balance the new authority to influence the design of
telecommunications networks.
The public accountability provisions of CALEA require the FBI to publish
*all* surveillance capacity requests.  Congress must take a critical look
at this aspect of the FBI's proposal, and should not appropriate funds
until the FBI agrees to disclose all capacity requests, as required by the
To subscibe to the policy post distribution list, send mail to
"Majordomo at cdt.org" with:
    subscribe policy-posts
in the body of the message (leave the subject line blank)
                               ----

@_date: 1995-11-14 02:57:43
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: New World Encryption 
Friend, An item in 11 09 95 Edupage summarizes a NY Times new- sstory revealing Clinton's wish to spy on the world: OPPOSITION TO ADMINISTRATION'S ENCRYPTION STAND A coalition of 37 major U.S. technology companies has re- jected the Clinton Administration's proposed standard for data encryption, saying that they found Administration of- ficials unwilling to compromise. The government wants an encryption plan that will allow it to gather intelligence overseas, through the use of a key                        ^^^^^^^^ escrow encryption system. The high-tech companies want an encryption standard that would ensure privacy for both domestic and overseas users.                          ^^^^              ^^^^^^^^ (New York Times 8 Nov 95 C3) Their opposition to the Administration's plan has been joined by 12 conservative organizations who call it anti-consumer, anti-marketplace, and anti-progress.  (New York Times9 Nov 95 C3) Cordially, Jim NOTE.  To subscribe to Edupage: send a message to:                   listproc at educom.unc.edu        and in the body of the message type:     subscribe edupage

@_date: 1995-11-14 06:12:28
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: New World Encryption 
Friend,   We are already becoming a kind of "automatic cc:" for a  variety of announcements, spams, and other earthshatter-  ing items. Someone may wish to include among these the document "Wel- come to the cypherpunks mailing list!" If so, then before he discards it, here are some excerpts from that document:  ...cypherpunks deals with technical details but slants the  discussion toward their social implications.  ...the debates on this list are about how to best get crypto  out there.  Cypherpunks do not seek to prevent other people from speak-  ing about their experiences or their opinions.
 Cypherpunks hope that all people desiring privacy will learn  how best to defend it. Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-11-14 06:16:40
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: POTP Security 
Friend, On 11 10 95 jgrubs at left.webcasters.com inquired about POTP security:  What level of security does this cute, little puppy provide??? One approach to answering that inquiry is an excerpt from:  Date: Sat, 21 OCT 95 10:58:51 -0500  From: jacktech at delphi.com (Paul Jackman)
 Newgroups: talk.politics.crypto
 Subject: Re: Elementrix One-Time Pad  ...mine [Jackman's background and experience] goes back to 1961  as Crypto Communications Control Command Center Supervisor for  the National Security Agency (NSA), and US Army Inteligence Se-  curity.  Even so, I do not consider myself expert in either the  technical sense or the historical sense.  But, I know enough not  to comment on algorithms that I don't have access to.
 The algorithm will be published when patent protection is assured.
 It is currently patent pending in several countries.
 As far as marketing goes, this product is not going to disapear.
 We have been premarketing security technology for four years through
 beta, and one year in pilot with international Fortune 100 companies.
 The initial presentations on Internet about a year ago showed us that
 the the newness and complexity of the Algorithm had to be presented
 one on on one to the experts which Elementrix has done.  There is a  long parade of companies that have implimented this technology but  do not wish to be named, (Typical of any security implementation.  Those who do aknowledge the integity of the products are noteworthy,  Allen Brill Kroll Assoc., Al Decker Coopers & Lybrand, Todd Sun Mer-  gent, and there will be many more.
 Paul Jackman
I silently corrected capitalization and spelling in the above ex- cerpt. I do not understand the import of the expression "expert in either the technical sense or the historical sense." Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1995-11-14 08:04:19
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: FBI Computer Chief 
Friend, 11 06 95 Computerworld 92 runs this "Briefs" item that may be of interest to you:               FBI names computer chief Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Louis J. Freeh last week announced the appointment of Carolyn G. Morris to head the FBI's Information Resource Division, which has 2,000 employees and a budget of $200 million. Morris will oversee all automation matters for the FBI and research and development for the new National Crime Information Center, a nationwide computerized system for law enforcement. Cordially, Jim                          NOTE      If you wish to subscribe to Computerworld, call                     1 800 669 1002

@_date: 1995-11-17 18:46:51
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in UK ? 
Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing                       and wish there were more of it.                                         --Welcome to cypherpunks Friend, 11 16 95 The Electronic Telegraph runs a newsstory headed    Doorstep polish researcher was whiplash injuries spy Here are excerpts from the newsstory:    Miss [Natalie] Goldner had been hurt when a car in which    she was a passenger was hit from behind in April 1988,    and she was forced to leave her video library job.    Shortly after the accident, she started a claim for compen-    sation and future loss of earnings against the Royal Insur-    ance Company.    ...Margot Christie...was working for the Hampshire Detec-    tive Agency when she went to Miss Goldner's house in Octo-    ber 1991. Christie posed as a market researcher.    It was only when a compensation claim reached court that    Miss Goldner realised the "researcher" was a private de-    tective hired to discover the extent of her injuries.    In a report which was due to go before the court, Mrs Chris-    tie said she had asked Miss Goldner to test some polish    and window cleaner.    [Christie] returned 11 days later.  "I asked the plaintiff    if the polish had given a good shine and if she had rubbed    hard. The plaintiff said 'Yes I did, it didn't smear at all'." Natalie lives with her mother.    "I felt as though we had been burgled.  I felt violated.  We    were so worried afterwards that we just didn't trust anyone    who turned up at our door.    "She asked lots of questions about who did the housework    in our house.  We were just chatting away and I had no idea    she was there to spy on me." Natalie settled out of court.    In September, she accepted a 20,000 [pound] settlement after    one day of a planned four-day court hearing.    She is to lodge a complaint with the Association of British    Investigators.... Fortunately, the Daily Telegraph publicized the case.  The news- story points out:    A spokesman for Liberty, the civil rights group, said:  "There    is no right to personal privacy in Britain and so it [invasion    of privacy by deception] is not against the law." Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The Electronic Telegraph can be accessed at                          The online filename of the above newsstory is:                         nspys16.html

@_date: 1995-11-18 07:37:15
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in UK ? 
Perry, Thanks for your inquiry.  The post "No Privacy Right in UK ?" is closely related to cryptography in at least three ways.                            (1) Cryptography is a means to accomplish an end: privacy. That's why the epigraph          Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing
             and wish there were more of it heads up the post, "No Privacy Right in UK ?"                            (2) Farther, the case discussed in the post was a prosaic example of invasion of privacy by deception.  That the case is ordinary, and therefore liable to be lost sight of, makes it all the more significant that the largest London daily publicized it; and did so in a sympathetic manner.  That helps us here in the United States to propagate the importance of the right to privacy.  Cy- pherpunks --poetic defenders of privacy (see the epigraph)-- can reciprocate the favor by bringing it to people's attention. Cryptography is not the only means of reversing deceptive inva- sions of privacy.  But it is peculiarly suitable for reversing some such invasions because it uses deception to ensure, rather than invade, privacy.  Thus it can provide a model for the so- called prosaic cases: the sting.  For the sting also is designed to deceive deceivers, criminal or otherwise.  Privacy is, in part, protection from victimization.                            (3) Further, Clinton attended an elite university in the UK.  Can you imagine what notions he may have found attractive there?  Notions that can be "encoded" to make them attractive to us here in the States; then, if we buy into them, can be "decoded" and...applied! Cordially, Jim INCLOSURE:  Could you please explain what this has to do with cryptography?
  11 16 95 The Electronic Telegraph runs a newsstory headed     Doorstep polish researcher was whiplash injuries spy

@_date: 1995-11-18 07:51:24
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in Indonesia ? 
Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing                       and wish there were more of it.                                         --Welcome to cypherpunks Friend, An 11 17 95 Reuter Information Service newsstory headlined      Politics, not sex, is Indonesian Internet's concern reports that    In Indonesia, the quiet Internet revolution has not gone un-    noticed by the armed forces. Here are more excerpts from the newsstory:    Armed forces spokesman Brigadier-General Surwarno Adi-    wijoyo told Reuters the military had suggested to the com-    munications ministry the need for some sort of "toll gate"    to "black out" news which could damage culture or affect    security.    It has also suggested registering uses and users, he said.    ...nobody doubts the military is watching.    Activists in Indonesia who use the Internet say it is a power-    ful tool for distributing information in a society where self-    censorship abounds, newspapers are tightly controlled, jour-    nalists are jailed and unlicensed magazines banned.    Internet users doubt the Indonesian government can legis-    late or control the Internet, short of pulling the plug on the    nation's soon-to-be-privatised phone system. Please note that the expression "legislate or control" means control by either fraud or force, whichever the military finds most convenient. If the military does one day pull the plug, will that validate or invalidate the statement in the "Welcome to cypherpunks" document--      Cypherpunks know that a widely dispersed system can't      be shut down. A tangential answer is supplied by Indonesian activists:    Despite the technical and administrative hurdles with cen-    soring an increasingly large volume and web of contacts,    Internet users point out such a scheme [of censorship,    not plug-pulling] would not stop the increasing distribution    of material within the country. For there are private as well as commercial networks in the country.    Commercial providers' estimates suggest there are around    10,000 registered local users, with popularity of the    Internet growing among Indonesia's technological and edu-    cated elite.... Please note the expression "registered local users," and re- call the military's          suggested registering [of] uses and users Uses?  Perhaps that means those nominally private networks.              Cypherpunks hope that all people desiring privacy              will learn how best to defend it.                                       --Welcome to cypherpunks Cordially, Jim NOTE.   NandO News, which posted the above newsstory,         can be accessed at:                                 The story's online filename is:                           info733_8.html         It's datelined:                  JAKARTA (Nov 16, 1995 - 01:06 EST)

@_date: 1995-11-22 17:39:47
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Junk E-Mail 
Friend, People are complaining about junk mail.  No problem... 11 21 95 The Electronic Telegraph reports:    THE European Parliament will decide today whether to    ban junk mail.    Euro MPs are also considering whether to outlaw credit    card transactions by phone and whether direct selling    via E-mail should be curbed.    Today's vote has been triggered by proposals from the    European Commission to protect consumers buying    goods without seeing them. Your complaints are highly valued at Minute Mortuary at 2d & Main, which advertises "Privacy Knows No Limits." Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The Electronic Telegraph website's URL:                The newsstory's headline:        Junk mail faces last post        Its online filename:        wjunk21.html

@_date: 1995-11-22 17:47:13
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: rand-test 
Friend, The following information from          CIAC Bulletin G-04:  X Authentication Vulnerability                      November 20, 1995 22:00 GMT may be of use to you:      If you cannot use DES, you can determine your expo-      sure to remote attackers by testing the strength of      your rand() function using the program rand-test; the      source is available as           ftp://ftp.x.org/pub/DOCS/rand-test/rand-test.c Cordially, Jim NOTE.  To subscribe to CIAC Bulletin, email to                    ciac-listproc at llnl.gov        the one-line message  subscribe ciac-bulletin ,        for example:  subscribe ciac-bulletin Adolphus, Gustavus 000-000-0000 x00

@_date: 1995-11-22 17:52:42
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Junk E-Mail - Part 2 
Friend, People are complaining about junk mail now.  Wait until they find out what real JUNK mail is... 11 21 95 Associated Press reports:    To make electronic mail as universally available in the    United States as telephones, the federal government and    business would need to work together, the [RAND] report    said. RAND is known for generating options, but...    ...the study recommended using public funding.... The government --I mean, RAND-- isn't too happy about people owning their own computers:    As a way to reach people who don't own computers, the    study recommended that terminals be located in public    places -- street corners, community centers, libraries,    hotels -- just as pay phones are, so people can send and    receive electronic messages. What if people find out that this "private study," as AP calls it, is really JUNK mail from Joint Underhanded 'Net Kill-off? Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The NandO News website's URL:                The newsstory's head- and datelines:        Study: Every American should have mailbox in        cyberspace        WASHINGTON (Nov 21, 1995 - 11:01 EST)        Its online filename: nation611_4.html

@_date: 1995-11-23 08:02:40
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Junk E-Mail - Part 3 
Friend, An 11 21 95 Reuter Information Service newsstory, headed       Computer illiterates offered new way onto Internet [OR: Junk mail wants to meet computer illiterate for safe sale] reports:    Matsushita Electric Industrial Co said on Tuesday it had    developed a way of accessing the Internet using the fam-    iliar telephone and fax machine....    With the Matsushita system, users can obtain an index    via a facsimile machine and choose Internet subjects    they are interested in by keying in numbers on their tele-    phones....    The telephone and fax are connected to server comput-    ers....    Information coming back arrives as ordinary sound over    the telephone handset or as printed text off the facsimile. AT&T was offering an index of newsstories in a series of ads in the Wall Street Journal a couple of years ago.  You faxed the code numbers of the stories you wanted to read to AT&T and AT&T faxed back the stories.                    FIRST RULE OF JUNK MAIL If you can sell it to the elite, you can sell it to the masses. Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The NandO News website URL is:                The newsstory's dateline:        TOKYO (Nov 21, 1995 - 08:18 EST)        Its online filename:        info735_8.html

@_date: 1995-11-23 08:05:27
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Secrets of the Internet 
Friend, 11 21 95 Times of London screams that            Pedophiles use encoding devices to make                   secret use of Internet Its newsstory reports an                    Interpol conference was told that                International pedophile rings are borrowing                    an encryption system            known as PGP -- Pretty Good Privacy --              developed in [where else!] America and    Experts estimate that it could take 10 years for computer    systems to crack the individual codes. If that's not enough to reduce you to jelly,    Police [are] also concerned at the use of a "remailing"    service being provided by an Internet expert in Finland    who will take material sent to him and remove identifica-    tion marks before sending it out again. On Monday, at the start of the two-day conference in Lon- don on crime against children, Detective Chief Inspector Bryan Drew of the UK's National National Criminal Intelli- gence Service said     ...although police increasingly realised the difficulties    posed by the Internet...as yet no one in Britain had de-    cided on a policy for dealing with them. and    ...the Internet and computers were among a number [of]    subjects being looked at by his unit.
Interim measures for "dealing with" computers and the 'Net abound:    As part of the Interpol work, a network of 64 liaison offi-    cers had been set up round the world to keep contact on    investigations. And when the State ("no one") DECIDES...? Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The NandO News website URL is:        http;//        The newsstory's dateline is:        LONDON (Nov 21, 1995 - 01:24 EST)        Its online filename is:        info429_4.html

@_date: 1995-11-24 18:18:54
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Junk E-Mail - Part 4 
Friend, In its NEWS IN BRIEF summary, 11 22 95 Financial Times reports:    BRUSSELS/LONDON - SELLING - A ban on telephone "cold    calling" throughout the European Union was on Tuesday    approved by Euro-MPs, to the consternation of direct mar-    keting and distance selling organisations.  In a move de-    signed to spare people from what MEPs consider to be ir-    ritating telephone calls, a key parliamentary committee    voted to make prior consent from consumers obligatory    before a seller can approach them by telephone.    The proposed ban also applies to communications by e-    mail, raising fears among publishing organisations that    the development of the information society in Europe could    be damaged. Ban fear, for we have nothing to fear but fear itself. Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The URL of one Financial Times Group website is:

@_date: 1995-11-28 16:32:30
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in UK ? - Part 2 
Friend, 11 27 95 Press Association News in the UK reports:    STORM AS SPY CAMERA `JUICY BITS' SET FOR SALE "Furious MPs are demanding action," cries the story.  Why?    Their anger follows a row over the sale in video shops of    "juicy bits" from closed circuit TV cameras fixed in high    streets and stores to detect crime. High streets: where the fashionable retail shops are.    One extract showed a couple having sex in a doorway,    unaware they were being watched. It wasn't me, Mums, I swear! A Liberal Democrat family spokeswoman:    "That this sale has been allowed is a disgrace and will    undermine the trust the public has in cameras designed    to cut crime." A Labour MP:    "This situation plainly leaves people wide open to black-    mail." He said "some of his constituents in Linlithgow had recently
been compromised by such a video." A sly dog at the Home Office:    "We have not seen the video [good move!], but judging from    what has been said about it, it would have to be classified    by the British Board of Film Classification if it is being sold." If we don't have privacy, we do have censorship! But Mums, I swear... Cordially, Jim NOTE.  The Press Association website's URL:                      The newsstory's online filename: pick8.html.

@_date: 1995-11-29 22:07:43
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: No Privacy Right in US ? 
Friend, Edupage, 28 November 1995, reports:              ONLINE ANONYMITY IS ALL RELATIVE America Online has revealed the real name of a subscriber who called herself "Jenny TRR" to a Caribbean resort owner and dive instructor who claim they were defamed in remarks she posted on an AOL bulletin board. AOL gave the subscriber a chance to object to the action, but says she didn't attempt to fight the subpoena.  AOL's assis- tant general counsel says the service doesn't disclose infor- mation about electronic mail, which is protected by the Elec- tronic Communications Privacy Act,          unless it [ electronic mail ] is part of                 a criminal investigation. The item cites: Wall Street Journal 24 Nov 95 B1. There's two types of criminal investigations: those of crimes and those that are crimes. Cordially, Jim NOTE:      To subscribe to Edupage send a message to:                     listproc at educom.unc.edu      and in the body of the message type:                   subscribe edupage Joe Louis (assuming that your name is Joe Louis; if it's not, substitute your own name).

@_date: 1995-11-29 23:11:43
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Encrypted Email 
Connie, On 11 27 95 you asked     Can anybody briefly summarize for me some options for     encrypting email that are secure? I know about PGP but     I need something for (my environment) with an easy to     use interface (PC-Windows) - for use by people who     really aren't very computer literate. The following item from 11 27 95 Computerworld 58 may be helpful:  CommTouch Software, Inc. in San Mateo, Calif., announced  a secure Internet E-mail package called Pronto Secure.  It allows connected and disconnected users to send and  encrypt Internet mail.  It supports many Internet security  protocols, such as Power One-Time Pad, Pretty Good Privacy,  Privacy Enhanced Mail, Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail  Extensions (S / MIME) and MIME Object Security Services.  Pronto Secure, which will ship in March, will require users  to replace their existing Internet mail systems....  Comm-  Touch plans to ship by mid-1996 a security module that is  Messaging Application Programming Interface-compliant and  works with a user's existing mail [system]. At p 66 of the same issue, there's a listing of "Recent in- formation security product announcements."  CommTouch is listed there; its Internet address is                      micheleb at ipri.com and a single copy of Pronto Secure is US $299 list. ipri.com = InterActive Public Relations, Inc in 'Frisco. Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1996-02-02 22:59:13
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Dmitri,   On 01 28 96 you say:     Heck, any message on the Internet is inherently porno-     graphic because it's just a bunch of 1's and 0's.  And     we all know that to Sen Exon a 1 looks like a penis and     a 0 looks like a vagina! :-)
  On C-Span, did I hear Senator Kennedy suggest the Senate Ethics   Committee delve into Senator Exon for unlawful carnal knowledge   of nuclear arithmetic?   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:23:43
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Gleeful Prosecutors, Happy AOL 
Friend,         A 02 02 96 Associated Press newsstory         -------------------------------------   AMERICA ONLINE ADDED TO PROBE OVER INCITING RACISM
                     datelined     MANNHEIM, Germany (Feb 2, 1996 3:29 p.m. EST)                      reports:    Prosecutors hoping to ban neo-Nazi material from reaching    Internet users in Germany have notified America Online Inc.    that it may be charged with inciting racial hatred.   and of course...    America On-Line spokesman Ingo Reese in Hamburg said his    company also was happy to work with the prosecutors.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:37:56
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Going, Going, Gone With the Flow 
Friend,             A 02 02 96 Boston Globe newsstory             ---------------------------------      GOVERNMENTS MOVE TO LIMIT FREE FLOW OF THE INTERNET                        datelined              (Feb 2, 1996 00:17 a.m. EST)                        reports:     ...the Internet is slowly being colonized.   Colonized?     Governments around the world -- from Germany to Iran to     Singapore -- are moving to limit Internet access for their     citizens....   Oh I see.  Colonized by parasites.     This move to cordon off the Internet into private plots --     some call it digital Balkanization -- is seen by experts as     one of the most profound changes since the global network     emerged as a commercial medium in 1991.   S-s-h-h.  The experts speak!     Many Internet specialists say it marks the shift...to [a     "network"] where users are building nation states, an evo-     lution that they say will lead to the Internet's ultimate     success as a commercial and communication platform.   S-s-h-h!  The specialists have spoken.     Earlier this week, Federico Mayor, the director of UNESCO,     an arm of the United Nations, called for the drafting of a     global agreement that would help protect rights in cyber-     space.   Mais oui.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-03 17:50:12
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
Jeff,   On 01 28 96 you say:     We [cypherpunks] are becoming the "Bad Guys" in a well     orchestrated Psy Ops campaign propagated naively by the     4th Estate.   A few days ago I bought Markoff and Shimomura's Takedown. I've   read the first three chapters.   In my opinion:     (1)  the book is an important part of that well orchestrated          Psy Ops campaign     (2)  the book's designed from the word go to play that part.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-04 17:53:34
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
Rich,   Neither dropping nuclear weapons on Japanese cities nor an invasion   of Japan was necessary to secure surrender of the Japanese government.   David Kahn explains:     Communications intelligence contributed...in major ways to the     Allies' Pacific victory.  It stepped up American submarine sinkings     of the Japanese merchant fleet by one third. This cutting of Japan's     lifelines was, Premier Hideki Tojo said after the war, one of the     major factors that defeated Japan.        David Kahn.  "Codebreaking in World Wars I and II: The        Major Successes and Failures, Their Causes and Their        Effects" (1980).  In: Kahn on Codes: Secrets of the New        Cryptology.  Macmillan Publishing Co.  1983.  Page 108.     The water transport intercepts should provide case after case of how     American submarines won one of the most important victories in the     Pacific: the sinking of the Japanese merchant fleet....        Kahn.  "Opportunities in Cryptology for Historians."  Op        cit.  P 289.     Some information came out shortly after World War II, when we     all heard about how we broke some Japanese codes before Pearl     Harbor, which...did help very much...in the successful American     submarine blockade of Japan, which very largely brought the Jap-     anese empire to its knees.        Kahn.  "Signals Intelligence in the 1980s" (1981).  Op cit.        P 292.              In other words, it was Starvation City.              ---------------------------------------   As an aside. these three quotations from Kahn on Codes, a collection   of articles, show that David's views in this regard are consistent   over the years.   Continuing--   Dropping nuclear weapons on Japanese cities or an invasion of Japan   was not necessary to secure surrender of the Japanese government.   William Langer explains:     In the greatest air offensive in history [during May, June, and     July 1945] United States land-based and carrier-based aircraft des-     troyed or immobilized the remnants of the Japanese navy, shattered     Japanese industry, and curtailed Japanese sea communications by sub-     marine and air attack and extensive minefields.  United States bat-     tleships moved in to shell densely populated cities with impunity     and the Twentieth Air Force dropped 40,000 tons of bombs on Japanese     industrial centers in one month.        William Langer.  An Encyclopedia of World History.        Houghton Mifflin Co.  1948.  Page 1169.                     It was Devastation City.                     ------------------------   Then why Hiroshima and Nagasaki?   There were two main reasons nuclear weapons were dropped on Japanese   cities:        (1)  generally, to proclaim Pax Americana...with a bang        (2)  specifically, to declare war on the Soviet Union.   For the sake of completeness, let's ask:  If it really had been   necessary to drop nuclear weapons on Japan in order to compel the   Japanese government to surrender, should they have been dropped?   Without hesitation.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The first part of the "Opportunities" article was published   in 1972.  The second part, dealing with World War II, was written   perhaps a decade later for publication in the collection.

@_date: 1996-02-05 15:14:44
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: A Sign of the Future 
Friend,           A 02 04 96 Reuter Information Service newsstory           -----------------------------------------------          GERMANS' INTERNET CRACKDOWN A SIGN OF THE FUTURE                      datelined BONN, Germany                              reports:     ...growing alarm among governments at the uglier side of the     worldwide computer network.   What is this "uglier side"?   German Research and Technology Minister Juergen Ruettgers shouts:     "We cannot tolerate a situation in which anything goes."                                THAT                            intolerance                is the U*G*L*I*E*S*T side of the 'Net.   Last week Ruettgers declared     ...that Bonn respected free speech but must also do more to     regulate the Internet....   When it comes to wiping out free speech                      --A*N*Y*T*H*I*N*G goes!   The prosecutors have even     ...contacted the Deutsche Forschungsnetz, the national scien-     tific research network.   Following orders from the superpower, its puppet "nation states"   are wrecking the genuine Internet.   Nicholas Negroponte, director of MIT's Media Lab, popped up in   Bonn last week to put a high gloss on the "situation":     "The Internet cannot be regulated.  It's not that laws aren't     relevant, it's that the nation state is not relevant.                      [ DECEPTION IS VIOLENCE ]     This is the next discussion we will have.                   [ If the superpower permits! ]      Cyberlaw is by its nature global and                  [ You had better sit down... ]     we're not very good at global law."   Nick's a big shot at Wired magazine.  So it should be no surprise   to learn that Wired attacked cypherpunks in its 01 96 issue.  In   a fake interview with "Wired's patron saint," Marshall McLuhan is   made to say (p 130):     Concerns about privacy and anonymity are outdated. Cypherpunks     think they are rebels with a cause, but they are really senti-     mentalists.     The era of politics based on private identities, anonymous indi-     viduals, and independent citizens began with the French Revolution     and Napoleon's armies...and ended with Hitler....  The cypherpunks     are still marching to the same martial music.   Please note HOW Wired equates liberty, equality, fraternity with   capitalistic fascism, as David Kahn calls it.  Equating the two in   that manner is the same as rejecting the former while embracing the   latter.  Further: ending one sentence with "Hitler" while ending the   very next sentence with "the same [Nazi rally] martial music" tends   to identify Nazis and cypherpunks.  (Of course those few cypherpunks   who fancy themselves an "elite" SERVE the wolves at Wired.)   Deception is violence: it accustoms people to being violated.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  "...in the 1930s...capitalistic fascism did not inspire the   dread among many establishment figures that communism did."  --David   Kahn.  Kahn on Codes: Secrets of the New Cryptology.  Macmillan Pub-   lishing Co.  1983.  Page 277.   The Nando News online filename of the newsstory is:                          info5_28474.html   Gary Wolf wrote "Channeling McLuhan. The Wired Interview with Wired's   patron saint."  He is executive editor of HotWired.   This critical essay was composed 02 04 96.

@_date: 1996-02-08 06:23:13
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: free speach and the government 
Eric,   On 02 03 96 you say:      In the US the media is by and large controlled by huge media con-      glomerates with a vested interest in maintaining the status quo and      delivering up their audience to their advertisers in tidy packages.      The government is along for the ride, being part and parcel of the      same system.  They won't rest until net-speech is by and large con-      trolled by huge media conglomerates all busy delivering up the net-      public to advertisers in tidy packages... I'm not saying that there's      a Black Heliocopters type conspiracy, or any other for that matter.      There doesn't have to be, there are huge political forces moving      things this way.  So there might as well be a conspiracy, as the end      effect on us is the same.   Your analysis is excellent.  Thank you.   Often "anti-statist" conspiracy theorists have the bare facts right, but   explain those facts from the same point of view as statists: the State   is all-powerful; it is THE conspirator!   "The" State tends to the monopoly of force; but THIS State is dependent   on taxes, for it exists in THIS capitalist economy led by huge "conglom-   erates"  (the word may not be exact but it will do) that tend to control   the supply of taxes (by splitting up, by dumping loyal workers, by crea-   tive accounting, by moving away, by influencing the bureaucracy through   a maze of advisory panels, by directly staffing the upper reaches of that   bureaucracy, by timely contributions to journalism schools, by...ingenu-   ity).   In its preeminent meaning, politics refers only to the State. However, if   we gracefully relent,         ...there are huge political forces moving things....   Generally, this overall movement is not a conspiracy.   Specifically, the movement involves an unbreakably large number of "per-   manent" and temporary alliances, coalitions, blocs, nods and winks, in-   siders, cliques, rings, gangs, and...you name it.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-08 06:24:05
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: free speech and the government 
Dmitri,   On 02 03 96 you say:     I believe that any exception to unlimited free speech, be it     libel, or copyright violation, or child pornography, or Nazi     propaganda, or Chinese dissident materials, just isn't com-     patible with the cpunk agenda. No censorship is acceptable.     That's an absolute.   Censorship is founded on prying; and pryers have THEIR absolute:     On 2 January 1992, it was decided by the German Federal govern-     ment to open these [East German police] files...at 15 offices     throughout the former East Germany.  It is worth pointing out     the extensive nature of these files.  It was discovered that     husbands spied on wives, girlfriends spied on boyfriends, Cath-     olic Church confessionals were bugged by the 'Stasi' both with     and without the knowledge of the parish priest, Lutheran parish-     ioners spied on their pastors, telephone calls of both East and     West Germans were heavily monitored and the most innocent event,     such as going shopping or visitng the library, was included in     the files.         --Wayne Madsen [co-author of the upcoming new Puzzle Palace].           Handbook of Personal Data Protection.  Stockton Press. 1992.           Page 4.   Pryers agree!  No censorship is acceptable.                        A*N*Y*T*H*I*N*G goes.   But let's be scientific about it:     Some 30 miles from Boston is a radio telescope called Beta, run     by the Harvard-Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics, that day and     night searches the northern sky for artificial radio signals as     it makes continuous swathes through the heavens.
    It must pick up all the naturally-caused radio sounds as well,     which engineers call "noise" as opposed to "signal". This means     that it collects an enormous quantity of information that can be     processed only by a specially-built supercomputer.  Every second     it captures enough data to fill a CD-Rom, which every day adds up     to 22 trillion bytes of data, the equivalent of 52 million novels.         --Adrian Berry.  "Watch This Space."  File: nspace04.html.           Home News.  02 05 96 The Electronic Telegraph.   A USEFUL gadget, isn't it?  Censorship of even 1 byte of the 22 tril-   lion is unacceptable.                      E*V*E*R*Y*T*H*I*N*G goes.   Between two absolutes, what decides?
  Cordially,   Jim   PS:  I can't help wondering whether "all the naturally-caused   radio sounds" are really all the artificially-caused microwave   signals within range.       Of all the intercept stations built during the 1950's boom,       the ultimate in both ambition and failure was in the remote       Allegheny hollow of Sugar Grove, West Virginia....       Since its beginnings in the mid-1950s, the secrecy surrounding       Sugar Grove has been intense.  The cover story throughout the       entire life of the project was that the six-hundred-foot dish       was purely for research and radio astronomy, permitting scien-       tists "to tune in on radio signals as far as 38 billion light       years away"....           --James Bamford.  The Puzzle Palace.  Penguin Books. 1983.             Pages 217f, 220.       Supposedly, the only person allowed to look into each of the       East German police files was the "data subject," the person who       had been looked into.

@_date: 1996-02-09 03:41:40
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Shared Databases 
Friend,   02 08 95 Bloomberg newsstory datelined Chicago, headlined           AMERITECH, BELL ATLANTIC AGREE TO SHARE                     CALLER ID DATABASES   reports:     In December, the Federal Communications Commission mandated     that caller ID should be available nationwide and that long-     distance companies must carry a caller's name, as well as the     number.   But...     Long-distance companies, which will now be able to compete for     customers with the Baby Bells, have dragged their feet, and did-     n't carry the names....   Which means:     ...it will be up to local phone companies to form alliances....   The latest example:     Ameritech Corp. and Bell Atlantic Corp. said they will swap cus-     tomer data bases to better carry caller ID calls between their     regions.   Back in December Ameritech     ...signed a similar agreement with U S West....   And generally,     ...local phone companies [must] form alliances like the one be-     tween Ameritech and Bell Atlantic to offer nationwide caller ID.                               For                               OUR                            eyes only!   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The  newsstory's  online filename:                         info12_24399.html          This critical essay was composed 02 08 96.

@_date: 1996-02-09 03:57:41
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: COPYRIGHT: Skeleton Bill 
Friend,   02 08 96 Associated Press newsstory datelined Washington, headlined                  COPYRIGHT VIOLATORS SHOULD FACE                        CRIMINAL PENALTIES   reports:      The House Judiciary Committee's panel on courts and intellectual      property is considering legislation...to clarify copyright law for      electronic information.   Panel = subcommittee.  Its chairman is Carlos Moorhead, R-CA.  He says                 the legislation [is] a "skeleton bill"   which          "We want to make sure we get...into law this session."   The skeleton of the skeleton law = "recommendations by the Clinton ad-   ministration."   Moorehead also says:      " We don't want to put so much meat on the skeleton that it dies of      obesity."   Testifying before the subcommitte were      the Motion Picture Association of America's Valenti and      Broadcast Music Inc's Preston   who "agreed that the legislation should be passed quickly."   Preston and Valenti       rejected a proposal by Rep. Rick Boucher, D-Va., to exempt on-line      service providers from copyright infringement liability....   So there goes cheap access to the 'Net.   That's what      "We don't want to put so much meat on the skeleton that it dies of      obesity"                                  MEANS!   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's  online filename is:                              info7_24355.html          This critical essay was composed 02 08 96.

@_date: 1996-02-09 06:29:39
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: POTP gets good press 
John,   02 08 96 Reuter Information Service newsstory datelined Philadelphia,   headlined                PIONEER SAYS COMPUTER HAS BEEN NICE,                           NOT AWESOME   reports:    [Herman] Goldstine was working as an army ballistics researcher when    he sold the military on an idea of Penn researchers John Mauchly and    J. Prosper Eckert that an electronic computer could vastly hasten the    calculation of ballistics tables needed in contemporary warfare.   Fortunately,    The military backed the idea in June, 1943....   Unfortunately,    The team faced obstacles such as broken steam pipes and a leaky ceiling    in its workroom and scepticism by the engineering and mathematics es-    tablishment.   In particular,    The National Defence Research Committee, a government agency to evalu-    ate new technology, concluded that an electronic computer would be    too big and unreliable to be practical.   How nice that 50 years later, we can gratulate ourselves on                             Lessons Learned.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's  online filename is:                            info24_16459.html   INCLOSURE:   Date: Wed, 7 Feb 1996 17:51:22 -0500   From: jya at pipeline.com (John Young)   To: cypherpunks at toad.com   Subject: Re: POTP gets good press   Robert "Bob" Harvey once hung out at BBN. Maybe he is the one   who seeks slick-kill ripoff with aptly snake-oily-named   Internet Security Corp., which may be telephoned at   617-863-6400.   POTP was pummeled last fall on c'punks. For the latest   lubrications see:        URL:    Audacious marketing, these NatSec privatizing firms, and the   log-rollers for USMA and SAIC, preaching dire threats,   promising if-you-knew-what-we-knew security, info-warrioring   fundamentalism.

@_date: 1996-02-11 11:35:32
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: This is not "This-is-not-punks" either 
Tim,   On 02 10 96 you say:   Anyone who can't filter out messages, either directly or by deleting   them quickly, probably isn't in a position to "write code" anyway....   Allen, you sure hit that nail on the head!   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-12 00:11:51
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: POINTERS:  02 08 96 Edupage 
Friend,   02 08 96 Edupage includes--     COPYRIGHT IN THE DIGITAL AGE (European Film Companies Alliance:       "It's mine!")
    INTERNET USAGE POLICIES (Employees' rights: NOT!)
  Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  Archives:           Edupage dated 02 08 96 is archived under date 02 09 96.

@_date: 1996-02-12 02:49:05
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Digital Rights...Management 
Friend,   You may download a copy of the 118-page report, "Digital Rights   Management Technologies," prepared for the Committee On New   Technologies of the International Federation of Reproduction   Rights Organizations at:                         Go to page 2 of home page.   Link to "Articles."   Go to p 3 of "Articles."   Voila!   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-13 16:36:49
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Working Very Carefully 
Friend,       A 02 11 96 Bloomberg newsstory from Cannes, headlined       -----------------------------------------------------               EUROPE'S ONLINE INDUSTRY TAKES SHAPE,                      COMPETITION HEATS UP   reports:    Even as they increase their subscriptions in Europe, online    services are beginning to work on the legal and social aspects    of the services they are providing.   How very thoughtful!   But what do they have in mind?   Jack Davies, president of AOL International, has the answer:    The issues involved are "bigger than a prosecutor in Ger-    many, bigger than just Germany, it's a global issue.  It in-    volves a legal structure that may not have kept up with the    technology and I think as an industry we have to work very    carefully through this issue."   Expanding from the Reich to the globe, what does Hans have in   mind?                    DEUTSCHLAND UBER ALLES!   But when it comes to contracting,...Jack's in charge.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's  online filename:                        info12_8583.html
         This critical essay was composed 02 12 96.

@_date: 1996-02-14 12:56:20
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Internet Without Frontiers? 
Friend,      A 02 11 96 Reuter newsstory from Brussels, headlined      ----------------------------------------------------          STRASBOURG MEDIA DEBATE HEADS FOR SHOWDOWN   reports:     ...the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday...
    hammers out new rules for the European Union's audio-     visual sector.   The EP may try to revise the 1989 law puffed as "television   without frontiers."  That law might be extended to govern   "new" services such as     ...teleshopping, the internet and pay television....   Ach! and Sacre bleu!  Therefore--      A coalition of 40 companies and trade associations from      the recording, advertising and technology industries has      written to parliamentarians...to urge them against extend-      ing rules to new services.   But there's another factor.     If the socialist demands for regulation of information high-     way services...prevail, the Parliament will then be set for     an almighty row with EU governments.   Why?     EU culture ministers agreed last November to keep current     rules unchanged.   It's cheaper to enlighten a few ministers, you see,  than it is   to enlist a whole gaggle of parliamentarians.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's  online filename:                          info13_8187.html          This critical essay was composed 02 12 96.

@_date: 1996-02-19 04:28:28
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: True random numbers 
Friend,                             (1)   The Centre de Recherches Mathematique is hosting a year-long   program in combinatorics and group theory in 1996-1997.  The   year will be organized around a number of workshops spread   throughout the year.   Among the workshops:         WORKSHOP ON PSEUDORANDOM NUMBER GENERATION                        06 03 / 28 96   The CRC's at the University of Montreal.   Details:                ACTIVITIES at CRM.UMontreal.CA                           or                                            (2)   If you'd like to read RFC 1750, "Randomness Recommendations   for Security," but you're too busy to ftp, email                 mailserv at ds.internic net   and in the body of the message include the command                 document-by-name rfc1750   In due time it will arrive in 2 parts.   At the end of the 2d part:   References
   [ASYMMETRIC] - Secure Communications and Asymmetric Cryptosystems,
   edited by Gustavus J. Simmons, AAAS Selected Symposium 69, Westview
   Press, Inc.
   [BBS] - A Simple Unpredictable Pseudo-Random Number Generator, SIAM
   Journal on Computing, v. 15, n. 2, 1986, L. Blum, M. Blum, & M. Shub.
   [BRILLINGER] - Time Series: Data Analysis and Theory, Holden-Day,
   1981, David Brillinger.
   [CRC] - C.R.C. Standard Mathematical Tables, Chemical Rubber
   Publishing Company.
   [CRYPTO1] - Cryptography: A Primer, A Wiley-Interscience Publication,
   John Wiley & Sons, 1981, Alan G. Konheim.
   [CRYPTO2] - Cryptography:  A New Dimension in Computer Data Security,
   A Wiley-Interscience Publication, John Wiley & Sons, 1982, Carl H.
   Meyer & Stephen M. Matyas.
   [CRYPTO3] - Applied Cryptography: Protocols, Algorithms, and Source
   Code in C, John Wiley & Sons, 1994, Bruce Schneier.
   [DAVIS] - Cryptographic Randomness from Air Turbulence in Disk
   Drives, Advances in Cryptology - Crypto '94, Springer-Verlag Lecture
   Notes in Computer Science  1984, Don Davis, Ross Ihaka, and
   Philip Fenstermacher.
   [DES] -  Data Encryption Standard, United States of America,
   Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards and
   Technology, Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 46-1.
   - Data Encryption Algorithm, American National Standards Institute,
   ANSI X3.92-1981.
   (See also FIPS 112, Password Usage, which includes FORTRAN code for
   performing DES.)
   [DES MODES] - DES Modes of Operation, United States of America,
   Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards and
   Technology, Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 81.
   - Data Encryption Algorithm - Modes of Operation, American National
   Standards Institute, ANSI X3.106-1983.
   [D-H] - New Directions in Cryptography, IEEE Transactions on
   Information Technology, November, 1976, Whitfield Diffie and Martin
   E. Hellman.
   [DoD] - Password Management Guideline, United States of America,
   Department of Defense, Computer Security Center, CSC-STD-002-85.
   (See also FIPS 112, Password Usage, which incorporates CSC-STD-002-85
   as one of its appendices.)
   [GIFFORD] - Natural Random Number, MIT/LCS/TM-371, September 1988,
   David K. Gifford
   [KNUTH] - The Art of Computer Programming, Volume 2: Seminumerical
   Algorithms, Chapter 3: Random Numbers. Addison Wesley Publishing
   Company, Second Edition 1982, Donald E. Knuth.
   [KRAWCZYK] - How to Predict Congruential Generators, Journal of
   Algorithms, V. 13, N. 4, December 1992, H. Krawczyk
   [MD2] - The MD2 Message-Digest Algorithm, RFC1319, April 1992, B.
   Kaliski
   [MD4] - The MD4 Message-Digest Algorithm, RFC1320, April 1992, R.
   Rivest
   [MD5] - The MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm, RFC1321, April 1992, R.
   Rivest
   [PEM] - RFCs 1421 through 1424:
   - RFC 1424, Privacy Enhancement for Internet Electronic Mail: Part
   IV: Key Certification and Related Services, 02/10/1993, B. Kaliski
   - RFC 1423, Privacy Enhancement for Internet Electronic Mail: Part
   III: Algorithms, Modes, and Identifiers, 02/10/1993, D. Balenson
   - RFC 1422, Privacy Enhancement for Internet Electronic Mail: Part
   II: Certificate-Based Key Management, 02/10/1993, S. Kent
   - RFC 1421, Privacy Enhancement for Internet Electronic Mail: Part I:
   Message Encryption and Authentication Procedures, 02/10/1993, J. Linn
   [SHANNON] - The Mathematical Theory of Communication, University of
   Illinois Press, 1963, Claude E. Shannon.  (originally from:  Bell
   System Technical Journal, July and October 1948)
   [SHIFT1] - Shift Register Sequences, Aegean Park Press, Revised
   Edition 1982, Solomon W. Golomb.
   [SHIFT2] - Cryptanalysis of Shift-Register Generated Stream Cypher
   Systems, Aegean Park Press, 1984, Wayne G. Barker.
   [SHS] - Secure Hash Standard, United States of American, National
   Institute of Science and Technology, Federal Information Processing
   Standard (FIPS) 180, April 1993.
   [STERN] - Secret Linear Congruential Generators are not
   Cryptograhically Secure, Proceedings of IEEE STOC, 1987, J. Stern.
   [VON NEUMANN] - Various techniques used in connection with random
   digits, von Neumann's Collected Works, Vol. 5, Pergamon Press, 1963,
   J. von Neumann.
  Of course you'd get the 2d edition of Schneier's Applied   Cryptography.   Something a little different at the introductory level:       J C G Lesurf        Physics and Astronomy Department        University of St Andrews        Scotland       Information and Measurement       Institute of Physics Publishing        US Editorial Office        The Public Ledger Building    Suite 1035        Independence Square        Philadelphia  PA    19106       1995       ix + 243       ISBN: 0 7503 0308 5   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-02-19 14:02:11
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Books 
Carson,   I recommend:       Bruce Schneier       E-Mail Security. How to Keep Your Electronic Messages Private.       John Wiley & Sons       1995       ISBN: 0 471 05318 X       1 800 22 559 4539   Cordially,   Jim   INCLOSURE:   [excerpt from your message]   ...I do not know the slightest thing about encryption.  Could anyone   recommend any sources that would be understandable?  Ideally, I'd like   to have books....

@_date: 1996-02-21 05:04:54
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Internet Privacy Guaranteed 
Friend,                            (KEY    Date: Mon, 19 Feb 1996 20:01:06 -0500
  From: perry at piermont.com ("Perry E. Metzger")
  To: IPG Sales   Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.)
  [snip]    > ...keymanagem,ent makes RSA systems unmanageable for large   > organizations - offer such a suystem to Merrill Lynch and be   > laughed out of the office....   [snip]   Even private key systems are quite workable. I actually work   with these firms [large organizations] -- its what I do for a   living. They have existing systems based on KDCs (do you even   know what a KDC is?) and they function just fine. As for public   key technologies, they [large organizations] are in many cases   implementing technologies based on public key system.   [snip]                             (KEY    Date: Mon, 19 Feb 1996 20:37:42 -0500
  From: perry at piermont.com ("Perry E. Metzger")
  To: IPG Sales   Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.)   [snip]   > there is no need in talking in circles - You may think that   > you know everything there is to know about encryption, but   > believe me, there is a lot more for you to learn - I do not   > now what KDC's are,
  Key Distribution Centers, the center of Needham-Schroeder and   similar key management protocols, like the Kerberos protocols.   [snip]                              (KEY    Date: Tue, 20 Feb 1996 01:28:01 -0700
  From: nelson at santafe.edu (Nelson Minar)
  To: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Subject: breakable session keys in Kerberos v4   I'm a bit suprised this hasn't turned up yet on Cypherpunks.  A couple
  of forwarded messages: first, an announcement made Fri Feb 16 by Gene
  Spafford at COAST about an exploitable flaw they've found in Kerberos,
  and then a comment on the www-security list that it is due to a bad
  random number generator. Same old story!   The message (lifted from the COAST web site)
  [snip]   (a comment I found in reply [to the COAST message])   ------- Start of forwarded message -------
  From: jis at mit.edu (Jeffrey I. Schiller)
  Subject: Re: Kerberos Vulnerability
  Newsgroups: hks.lists.www-security
  Date: 19 Feb 1996 21:42:08 -0500
  Organization: HKS, Inc.
  Path: hks.net!news-mail-gateway!owner-www-security
  Lines: 8
  Sender: root at hks.net
  Message-ID:   NNTP-Posting-Host: bb.hks.net
  There will be a fix distributed by MIT later this week. The problem is   that the random number generator in V4 is worse then we thought! The   fix is to retrofit the V5 generator (which is decent) into the V4 KDC.   Note: Only the KDC needs to be updated, clients and servers are unaf-   fected.                                 -Jeff
  ------- End of forwarded message -------
                               (KEY    Kerberos offers a better network security model than ignoring   network security entirely.  Unfortunately, it is plagued with   holes, from windows that remain "authenticated" for hours while   the user is at lunch, to passwords that are stored in plain text   on the authentication server.         Page 553 of:         Evi Nemeth, Garth Snyder, Scott Seebass, Trent R Hein.         UNIX System Administration Handbook. Second Edition.         Prentice Hall PTR.         1995.         ISBN: 0 13 151051 7         email: sa-book at admin.com            Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The above message excerpts are reformatted.

@_date: 1996-01-08 06:23:15
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: NSA says strong crypto to china?? 
Tim, On 01 07 96 you say:  ...the crypto anarchy notions we talk about makes collection  of taxes increasingly problematic. You also say:  Today, and especially with strong crypto and all the develop-  ing methods we talk about, how will the Ruler know what to  tax? You conclude:  ...I believe that this issue [collection of taxes] is one of the  motivations to restrict the use of strong crypto and to make  transactions monitorable. In 02 96 Internet World, science fiction writer Vernor Vinge is interviewed:  Suddenly [about 1984] people realized that if a 100 million  people each had computers that were one-tenth of one percent  as smart as the government's computers, they had much less to  fear about government.  Now we've entered an era where the government understands this.  One the one hand, police forces are legitimately [?] frightened;  law enforcement could become much more difficult.  But at the  same time --with some new laws and technology-- police powers  could be much greater than before....  You've heard of ubiquitous  computing, but how about UBIQUITOUS LAW ENFORCEMENT? Developing that line of thought, Vinge says:  ...the old Clipper chip proposal recommended that GOVERNMENT  LOGIC be present in certain communications equipment.  For the future I think this aspect of Clipper was as significant  as the crypto issues.  What would it be like if a certain amount  of GOVERNMENT LOGIC were mandated in the design of every host  in a country? And Vinge concludes:             WE COULD HAVE REAL-TIME TAXATION. and       ...very fine-grain CONTROL would be possible. Capitalization in the above excerpts is mine. The whole interview is worth reading.  Its title is: Reality & Fiction.  It starts at page 82.  Jeff Ubois asked the questions. Every HOST in a country?  As Larry Ellison says in 12 26 95 / 01 02 96 Computerworld 41:  The ideal operating system arrives across a network when you  turn your computer on. The GOVERNMENT LOGIC arrives too... Cordially, Jim

@_date: 1996-01-08 14:49:11
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Naw, They Can't Censor the 'Net! 
A 01 07 96 Scripps Howard newsstory reports that a US tele-
  communications firm providing Internet access to Jordan was
  asked by authorities there to install a
                         SCREENING FACILITY
  so censors could preview
                                ANY
  messages
                               LIKELY
  to be
                              PICTURES !
  A censor's life in a screening facility can be hard...but the
  authorities are firm.  There's the urgent
     ...need to prevent the spread of pornography in this con-
     servative desert kingdom.
  And that US telecommunications firm?
     "We agreed with the authorities' request," said GlobeNet's
     vice-president, Carlton Tolsdorf.
     "And, by the way, I think we should have the same thing
     back home in the United States."
  So it too can be a
                            PICTURESQUE
                                               desert kingdom.
  Cordially,
  Jim
  NOTE.  The newsstory's headline?  ARAB WORLD GRAPPLES WITH
         THE INTERNET'S BENEFITS, DRAWBACKS.
         Its dateline?  AMMAN, Jordan (Jan 7, 1996 1:22 p.m. EST).
         Its Nando News online filename?  info57_806.html

@_date: 1996-01-09 07:23:12
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: The LOGIC of Navigator 2.0 ? 
Friend,   01 07 96 the business news agency Bloomberg reports:     Netscape Communications Corp. said it will release in two     weeks a new version of its popular browsing software, de-     signed to keep the Internet software company ahead of rival     Microsoft Corp.                               ...     The [new] browser can use programs that are stored on cen-     tral computers on the Internet, making a personal computer's     operating system less important.   And thereby making GOVERNMENT LOGIC more important?   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE: The newsstory's headline?  NETSCAPE WILL RELEASE AN   UPDATED INTERNET BROWSER IN TWO WEEKS.  Its dateline?   MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Jan 7, 1996 4:16 p.m. EST).  Its   Nando News online filename?  biz7_1087.html

@_date: 1996-01-09 09:06:52
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: NSA says strong crypto to China? 
Jim,  That's it in a nutshell: They have common interests AND con-  flicting interests.  AND-thinking and the identification of specific time-place-  circumstances factors are effectively                           BANNED.  It's part of the mostly unquestioned "success" of US schools.  I say mostly because 12 95 The Atlantic Monthly 65 features  Paul Gagnon's two essays What Should Children Learn? and  Botched Standards.  Cordially,  Jim  INCLOSURE:  Date: Sun, 07 Jan 1996 19:13:36 -0800
 From: jamesd at echeque.com ("James A. Donald")
 To: cypherpunks at toad.com
 Subject: Re: NSA says strong crypto to China?
 [deleted]  They have common interests and conflicting interests.  They have a  common interest in repressing Chinese dissidents, to keep the world
 safe for National Security Agencies.
 [deleted]

@_date: 1996-01-09 23:16:54
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Book on Electronic Commerce 
Allen,   Here's another one, fresh out:       Daniel Lynch and Leslie Lundquist.       Digital Money. The New Era of Internet Commerce.       1996.  304 pages.  $24.95.       John Wiley & Sons, Inc.       1 800 22 559 4539.       ISBN 0 471 14178 X.   From the blurb:       It explains the technical underpinnings of transactions,       including encryption and digital signatures, and details       the resources and procedures involved in establishing an       exchange-capable service.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-10 03:50:18
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: The LOGIC of Navigator 2.0 ? 
Steve,   I posted a message, The LOGIC of Navigator 2.0 ?, to the list   on 01 08 96.   That message quoted a couple of paragraphs from a Bloomberg news   agency newsstory.  The story is headlined, Netscape Will Release   an Updated Internet Browser in Two Weeks.  The story's datelined   Mountain View CA.   Your 01 08 96 followup message characterized my original message   as "garbage."   You posted your message via Best Internet Communications Inc in   Mountain View CA...   Whatever the significance of that may be, there's the additional   matter that you may not understand the significance of the phrase                         GOVERNMENT LOGIC   which I used in my original message.   I hope the following provides you sufficient context--   In 02 96 Internet World, science fiction writer Vernor Vinge   is interviewed:     Suddenly [about 1984] people realized that if a 100 million     people each had computers that were one-tenth of one percent     as smart as the government's computers, they had much less to     fear about government.     Now we've entered an era where the government understands this.     On the one hand, police forces are legitimately [?] frightened;     law enforcement could become much more difficult.  But at the     same time --with some new laws and technology-- police powers     could be much greater than before....  You've heard of ubiquitous     computing, but how about UBIQUITOUS LAW ENFORCEMENT?   Developing that line of thought, Vinge says:     ...the old Clipper chip proposal recommended that GOVERNMENT     LOGIC be present in certain communications equipment.     For the future I think this aspect of Clipper was as significant     as the crypto issues.  What would it be like if a certain amount     of GOVERNMENT LOGIC were mandated in the design of every host     in a country?   And Vinge concludes:               WE COULD HAVE REAL-TIME TAXATION.   and         ...very fine-grain CONTROL would be possible.   Capitalization in the above excerpts is mine.   The whole interview is worth reading.  Its title is: Reality &   Fiction.  It starts at page 82.  Jeff Ubois asked the questions.   Every HOST in a country?  As Larry Ellison says in 12 26 95 /   01 02 96 Computerworld 41:     The ideal operating system arrives across a network when you     turn your computer on.   The GOVERNMENT LOGIC arrives too...   Cordially,   Jim   INCLOSURE:   Date: Mon, 8 Jan 1996 16:03:06 -0800 (PST)
  From: stevenw at best.com (Steven Weller)
  To: "James M. Cobb"   Subject: Re: The LOGIC of Navigator 2.0 ?
  Please refrain from posting such garbage on the cypherpunks mailing list.   You are not a friend, you are a pest.
  >    >    >   Friend,   >    >    >   01 07 96 the business news agency Bloomberg reports:   >    >     Netscape Communications Corp. said it will release in two   >     weeks a new version of its popular browsing software, de-   >     signed to keep the Internet software company ahead of rival   >     Microsoft Corp.   >                               ...   >    >     The [new] browser can use programs that are stored on cen-   >     tral computers on the Internet, making a personal computer's   >     operating system less important.   >    >    >   And thereby making GOVERNMENT LOGIC more important?   >    >    >   Cordially,   >    >   Jim   >    >    >    >    >   NOTE: The newsstory's headline?  NETSCAPE WILL RELEASE AN   >   UPDATED INTERNET BROWSER IN TWO WEEKS.  Its dateline?   >   MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Jan 7, 1996 4:16 p.m. EST).  Its   >   Nando News online filename?  biz7_1087.html   >    >    >

@_date: 1996-01-11 01:10:33
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Counterpane Source Code Discs 
Doug,   I bought the disks offered in the first edition.   I expect to buy those offered in the second.   The contents of the disks may be available in some rogue archive.   In headbuilding as in bodybuilding, you have to pay your dues.   From Counterpane Systems, you can order:       Applied Cryptography Source Code Disks          A THREE-disk set of over 100 encryption programs for          algorithms such as DES, RSA, IDEA, Blowfish, and many          more.  Most of these programs are in the public domain,          and can be integrated into working software products.          These disks are updated twice a year, and subscriptions          are available.          Disks: $40; 2-year Subscription: $120   You can also order:      A Bimonthly Newsletter          APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY UPDATE          Now you can subscribe to a newsletter covering the latest          advances in cryptographic protocols, algorithms, and tech-          niques.          Among regular features, an "Algorithms Watch" summarizes          recent cryptanalytic results against block and stream          ciphers.  "Recent Patents" examines U.S. patents awarded          in cryptography and related areas.  "Product Data" dis-          cusses protocols and algorithms in hardware and software          products.          A must for anyone who needs timely information on cryp-          tography.          Published 6 times a year.          Annual subscription: $400   Source code disks will only be sent to U.S. and Canadian citi-   zens residing in the U.S. or Canada.   Address:          Counterpane Systems          7115 W North Av    Suite 16          Oak Park  IL    60302          USA   Cordially,   Jim   INCLOSURE:   Date: Tue, 09 Jan 1996 21:21:46 -0500
  From: delznic at storm.net ("Douglas F. Elznic")
  To: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Has anyone bought the disks mentioned in applied cryptography? Are they
  anvailable anywhere online to citizens of the US?
  --
  ==================Douglas Elznic===================
                   delznic at storm.net
                           (315)682-5489 (315)682-1647
                 4877 Firethorn Circle
                   Manlius, NY 13104
      "Challenge the system, question the rules."
  ===================================================
  PGP key available:
    PGP Fingerprint:
   68 6F 89 F6 F0 58 AE 22  14 8A 31 2A E5 5C FD A5   ===================================================

@_date: 1996-01-11 04:31:33
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Some questions about ecash[tm] 
Dave,   The following may be of some help:     DigiCash bv was founded by Dr. David Chaum, a digital cash     and electronic security expert.  DigiCash announced the first     software-only product, called Ecash, that allows the transfer     of digital cash over the Internet.  CURRENTLY, DigiCash tech-     nology is being used in electronic wallets and smart cards;     but IN THE LONG-TERM, the technology will be used for MANY     MORE applications.                               ...     Company Information:            Kruislaan 419                                     1098 VA Amsterdam                                     The Netherlands                                     Phone: 31 20 665 2611                                     Fax: 31 20 668 5486                                                                          E-mail: info at digicash.nl                               ...     Security                        RSA Data Security public key                                     cryptography, including en-                                     cryption, authentication, and                                     digital signatures, as well as                                     PROPRIETARY blind signature                                     technology.     Unique Attributes               Blind signature technology                                     ensures anonymous transactions.   The above is excerpted from Lisa Morgan's chapter, "Internet Com-   merce," in:                      Frederick Cooper et al                      Implementing Internet Security                      New Riders Publishing                      1995   Capitalization is mine.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-11 06:05:33
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Belgium has 'key escrow' law 
Leo,   I read with wry amusement that "...enactment of these [register   keys or else!] articles went almost completely unnoticed...."   Here's ANOTHER "almost completely unnoticed" item:   On 10 02 95 The Electronic Telegraph ( in   a newsstory headlined "Plan to police e-mail seems [!] certain   to fail," reports that
   In France, it is illegal to use any kind of encryption, and    police can arrest the authors of any e-mail which they cannot    understand.
  My question:
     In Europe, is anyone working on translating plaintext 1 into      plaintext 2, so that the latter serves to encrypt the former?   Plaintext 2 will have to be good enough to satisfy the gendarm-   erie, which NEVER fails to notice enactment of electronic-baton   laws.   Cordially,   Jim   INCLOSURE:   Date: Tue, 9 Jan 1996 14:16:06 +0100
  From: lvhove at vnet3.vub.ac.be (Leo Van Hove)
  To: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Subject: Belgium has 'key escrow' law
  Surprise, surprise.  Today's issue of 'De Standaard', Flanders' most
  respected newspaper, reports that - much to everybody's amazement - Belgium
  has a key escrow law in working order - or almost...
  The newspaper states that certain articles of a much 'broader' law that was
  passed on the 21th of December 1994, if enforced - which to date has _not_
  been the case, would imply that encryption of computer messages is illegal
  unless the private key is registered with the BIPT (the Belgian Institute
  for Postal services and Telecommunication; a government administration that
  regulates the telecom sector).
  At the time of enactment these articles went almost completely unnoticed -
  hence the amazement.  As mentioned, said articles are not enforced yet but
  it now appears that a working group, called Belinfosec (Belgium Information
  & Security), led by a colonel of the military intelligence services - no
  less, is preparing a report which would contain further specifications and
  would propose enacting clauses.
  Note that at present there is already legislation up and working that
  enables Belgian law enforcement to tap telephone lines 'in specific
  circumstances' (i.e., suspicion of criminal or terroristic activities).
  Judging by the newspaper article it will not be long before this will
  include computer messages.
  Asked for a reaction, officials from the banking sector reacted with both
  disbelief and outrage.  The article quotes the head of security at Banksys
  (the interbank consortium that operates Belgium's nation-wide
  ATM/POS-network) who considers it to be "unacceptable" and "an intrusion on
  privacy" if government authorities  were to be able to monitor all the
  money flows that pass through the Banksys network.  He also fears that once
  revealed to the authorities, the keys might fall into the wrong hands, thus
  jeopardizing the system's security.
  I'll try to find out more and keep you informed.
  Ciao,
  leo
  P.S. I'm not on the cpx mailing list, so please Cc me.
  _________________________________________________________________________
  Leo Van Hove
  Centre for Financial Economics
  Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Free University of Brussels)
  Pleinlaan 2
  B-1050 Brussels
  Vox: +32 2 629.21.25
  Fax: +32 2 629.22.82
  e-mail: lvhove at vnet3.vub.ac.be
  VUB's Web site:   _________________________________________________________________________

@_date: 1996-01-11 12:00:29
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Popular Science on US Spysats - Part 1 
Friend,   02 96 Popular Science runs a cover story, America's First Eyes   in Space.  It's by Stuart Brown.  It's about "a secret space   reconnaisance program known as Corona."   Brown reports that     Last year, the federal government declassified the program's     history and the more than 800,000 photographs that Corona     recorded....     The development of the reconnaisance satellite was "the big-     gest advance in the history of the intelligence world," says     Jeffrey Richelson, a senior fellow at the National Security     Archive.   According to the article, the chronology of that and similar pro-   grams is:       1955   "Mid-air retrieval of spy cameras was originally de-              veloped during the secret Genetrix program authorized              by Eisenhower in 1955, which released 516 reconnai-              sance balloons to drift across the Soviet Union...."              "...the U-2 high-altitude spyplane took to the skies."              It made "24 flights...between 1956 and 1960."       1958   "In early 1958, the National Security Council gave the              development of photo reconnaisance satellites its high-              est priority, and the Corona program was born."       1959   Specifically mentioned is "a failed mission in 1959."              Generally mentioned  is "the failure of the first dozen              missions...."       1960   "In 1960, Corona was placed under the...National Recon-              naisance Office."              "...on May 1, 1960...[U-2] pilot...Powers was shot down              ...."              "Eisenhower promised that the United States would cease              all manned [!] overflights of Soviet territory."              "Just 110 days after the Powers incident, the 14th Cor-              ona flight produced photos of...the Soviet Union...."              "In mid-August 1960, President...Eisenhower held a press              conference to announce the successful recovery of an              American flag that had flown into orbit aboard Discover-              er XIII.              Proudly displaying the flag, Eisenhower told reporters              that the Discoverer launch was part of a scientific re-              search effort to explore environmental conditions in              space.  But he was lying."      1962    "Zenit, the first succesful Soviet spysat, was launched              in April 1962...."      1972    "Of 145 flights conducted before the [Corona] program's              conclusion in 1972,...102 [were] deemed successful...."   In 1960, Statesman Eisenhower weazel-worded.  Also in 1960 Scientist   Eisenhower lied.                         BIKEL:    Impossible!                         HEPBURN:  Nevertheless.                            --African Queen   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-13 23:18:48
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: ITAR Re-write ? 
Friend,   Bloomberg, the business news agency, reports 01 12 96:      The U.S. Commerce Department will recommend easing      export controls on encryption software after a study by      the department and the National Security Agency found      that American firms are being hurt....      The report's release came on the same day federal pro-      secutors dropped a three-year investigation...of...Philip      Zimmerman....      The government study comes a week after [the Computer      Systems Policy Project] released [its] own study showing      ...American companies will lose [maybe $60 billion] in      U.S. computer system sales expected in 2000....   The 13-member Project      ...includes International Business Machines...and AT&T....   Perhaps the let-go of Zimmerman is less a triumph of right   than of might?   But economic might is not the only kind of might:      [Easing export controls] may pit Brown's department a-      gainst U.S. defense and spy agencies....   So...      [Commerce Secretary] Brown said his department will pre-      pare recommendations for easing [ITAR] controls that      should be forwarded to the president "within a few months."   Meaning: the 13 Project members should be prepared to pay   through the nose in the runup to the '96 gala.   And just so they get the big picture:      It's unclear if the NSA, the super-secret eavesdropping      agency, endorsed the Commerce Department's conclusions      in the report it jointly prepared.   The newsstory reports      ...federal prosecutors dropped [the Zimmerman] investiga-      tion without explanation....   No explanation's required.  One hostage was released.  13   others were taken.  But the one release does afford the new   hostages, who have deep pockets, some hope...   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's headline?  COMMERCE'S BROWN   PROPOSES REWRITE OF ENCRYPTION EXPORT CONTROLS.   Its dateline?  WASHINGTON (Jan 12, 1996 5:34 p.m. EST).   Its Nando News online filename?  biz6_1893.html

@_date: 1996-01-14 22:18:47
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: DEC's MICROCASH 
Friend,   01 14 96 Edupage includes:   MICROCASH
  Digital Equipment filed a patent last August for a payment   system called Millicent, which enables Web-site operators   to charge as little as a tenth of a cent for each customer   "hit."   The system relies on middle-men --credit card companies or   digital banks -- to handle the transactions, but its novelty   lies in its cost-effective design geared toward tracking   minuscule amounts of cash.  To keep disk storage at a minimum,   security measures providing privacy and a trail of signed re-   ceipts are not included in the system, but proponents point out   that would-be cyberthieves would have to crack a lot of trans-   actions -- 10,000 at 0.1 cent each -- to make just $10.  "There   are easier ways to make 10 bucks," says Millicent's inventor.   (Business Week 15 Jan 96 p90)   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-15 13:46:56
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: CAQ - Secret FISA Court Violates Rights (fwd) 
Friend,   The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is dicussed in           James Bamford           The Puzzle Palace (with a new Afterword)           Penguin Books           1983           ISBN 0 14 00.6748 5   at pages 463, 465-66.   The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act is discussed at   pages 462-69, 475.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-15 14:17:29
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: PRETTY GOOD PHONE PRIVACY, TOO 
Friends,   01 14 96 Edupage includes:   PRETTY GOOD PHONE PRIVACY, TOO
  Now from the creator of PGP encryption software comes a new   product for making your phone calls more private.  Philip   Zimmermann's PGPfone software scrambles phone calls made   through a computer modem using a complex algorithm called   Blowfish, which rearranges the digital version of your voice   conversation and then decodes it at the other end.  The result   is an intelligible -- though not high-quality -- totally pri-   vate conversation.   The URL is:
                 (Popular Science Jan 96 p43)
  Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-15 15:43:58
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: New Puzzle Palace? 
Friend,   I believe the co-author is Wayne Madsen, who's written:           Handbook of Personal Data Protection           Stockton Press (an imprint of Groves Dictionaries,             which is in turn a division of Macmillan Publica-             tions, Ltd)           1992           1026 pages           US $170           ISBN 1 56157 046 0           1 800 221 2123.   Please see Jyri Kaljundi's message below.  Madsen is interviewed   in Web Review's series on NSA's subversion of the private sector,   here at home as well as abroad.   Cordially,   Jim   INCLOSURE 1: Global Network Navigator Web Review ( has their main story this week on crypto. The articles are:
Spymaster meets webmaster:NSA's Fortezza: stronger encryption or Internet spy strategy
The Seduction of Crypto AG: How the NSA held the keys to a top-selling encryption machine
Familiar faces, familiar places: Look who's working to implement Fortezza in the US and Europe What's that smell: Is the NSA sniffing your email?
A back door for the NSA: Balancing the need for intelligence with privacy
Juri Kaljundi
jk at digit.ee
Digiturg   INCLOSURE 2: Huh? Oh you mean Applied Crypto 2. I was asking about Puzzle Palace 2 by Bamford, which I saw listed in AC2's bibliography. Can't seem to find it.
I was just wondering if it's worth ordering. (Maybe I wasn't clear in my last msg.) Btw, anyone know what else Bamford's been doing since he wrote Puzzle Palace 1,
in '82? Any other books, articles? He's a Washington lawyer, right? I hear the new edition has a collaborating author; anything on him? Curious.

@_date: 1996-01-17 22:15:10
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Crypto-related Pointers 
Friend,   Below are pointers to crypto-related items in 01 16 94   Edupage:   CREDIT CARD SOFTWARE FOR INTERNET
  SPY AGENCY WARNS OF CORPORATE SPIES
  To subscribe to Edupage: send a message to:
  listproc at educom.unc.edu   and in the body of the message type:    subscribe edupage Andrew Sullivan (assuming that your   name is Andrew Sullivan;  if it's not, substitute your own   name).   For archive copies of Edupage, ftp or gopher to educom.edu   or see URL:      Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-18 05:13:17
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: 01 16 96 CuD Cypherpunks-related Items 
Friend,   Cypherpunks-related items in 01 16 96 Computer under-   ground Digest:   Cryptography and Privacy
  Justice Dept. press release: no PGP prosecution (fwd)
  FLASH: Phil Zimmermann case dropped!
  Letter to Wiesenthal Center in re "hate speech" ban
  AP/NYT: Jewish Groups Call for Internet Censorship
  CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup:                  comp.society.cu-digest
  The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from the
  Cu Digest WWW site at:              Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-18 05:58:17
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: 02 96 Wired: Cyperpunks-related 
Friend,   Cypherpunks-related items in 02 96 Wired:   TITLES                                         PAGES   Surveillance-on-Demand                           72   Spam King!                                       84   Cyphermilitia                                    95   Steve Jobs                                      102     [interview; see 162.2: "If the Web becomes     too complicated, too fraught with security     concerns...."]   Catching Kevin                                  119   Privacy Is History                              124   How Good People Helped Make A Bad Law           132     [FBI reverse-engineers EFF]   I may have overlooked some items.   Wired subscription requests: 1 800 SO WIRED.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-19 06:00:46
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Article on E-money 
Jim,   Thank you for an exceptionally well thought out message.   I notice your point that     ....governments will do their best to insure that anonymous     e-money systems fail in the marketplace. Perhaps by...subsi-     dizing identified e-money systems....   12 26 95 / 01 02 96 Computerworld 38 reports:     CyberCash...is a more comfortable partner to banks and     offers an easier system for regulators to audit than those     of some rivals, says John Pescatore, research director for     information security at International Data Group in Falls     Church, Va.     A Netherlands-based firm called DigiCash BV...offers a system     that ensures a buyer's anonymity....     "An approach like CyberCash would still keep financial insti-     tutions in the loop.  That's much more palatable to governments     and banks and their lobbyists," he says.   Publicizing the palatable is one form of subsidizing.   Another is suggested:     CyberCash...earns transaction fees from banks.   Regulating those fees can be an exercise in ingenuity.   But there may be more...   In Implementing Internet Security, a 1995 book recommended   by Pournelle, Lisa Morgan writes at page 199:     Currently, DigiCash technology is being used in electronic     wallets and smart cards; but in the long-term, the technology     will be used for many more applications.   In the long-term?   Lisa writes at page 195:     Internet commerce, when it becomes big business several     years from now....   By then "NSA's pet Fortezza card project" may be all the   rage.  Stephen Pizzo, Web Review's senior reporter, says:     The agency is also heavily subsidizing through private com-     panies the development of a commercial version to be sold     worldwide.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTES:   The Computerworld newsstory is headlined "Virtual credit-card   swiper makes banks feel secure."    The book is by Frederic Cooper et al.  Its publisher: New   Riders Publishing.   Pizzo's report can be accessed beginning at:

@_date: 1996-01-19 06:19:07
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: POINTER: 01 17 96 CDT Policy Post 
Friend,   Cypherpunks-related item in 01 17 96 CDT Policy Post:     FBI Surveillance Capacity Request Fails to Meet Public     Accountability Requirements of Digital Telephony Bill.   CDT = The Center for Democracy and Technology.   To subscribe to CDT's Policy Post list, send mail to:              policy-posts-request at cdt.org   with the subject:
                subscribe policy-posts   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-19 14:00:36
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: remarkable recent stories 
Vladimir,      I haven't seen much dialogue on...key things that have     popped up recently....   Among those key things:     the absolute biggest blockbuster of them all: the NSA...     did a study about how crypto regulations affect US com-     petitiveness in the international marketplace....   And you ask:     why would they release *this* one?
  meaning the NSA study on how crypto regulations affect   US competitiveness abroad.   On 01 13 96 I wrote a message to the list headed "ITAR   Re-write?"   In it I attempt to answer your question.   I include it below for your convenience.   Cordially,   Jim   INCLOSURE:   Date: Sat, 13 Jan 1996 05:04:52 -0500 (EST)
  From: jcobb at ahcbsd1.ovnet.com ("James M. Cobb")
  To: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Subject: ITAR Re-write ?   Friend,   Bloomberg, the business news agency, reports 01 12 96:      The U.S. Commerce Department will recommend easing      export controls on encryption software after a study by      the department and the National Security Agency found      that American firms are being hurt....      The report's release came on the same day federal pro-      secutors dropped a three-year investigation...of...Philip      Zimmerman....      The government study comes a week after [the Computer      Systems Policy Project] released [its] own study showing      ...American companies will lose [maybe $60 billion] in      U.S. computer system sales expected in 2000....   The 13-member Project      ...includes International Business Machines...and AT&T....   Perhaps the let-go of Zimmerman is less a triumph of right   than of might?   But economic might is not the only kind of might:      [Easing export controls] may pit Brown's department a-      gainst U.S. defense and spy agencies....   So...      [Commerce Secretary] Brown said his department will pre-      pare recommendations for easing [ITAR] controls that      should be forwarded to the president "within a few months."   Meaning: the 13 Project members should be prepared to pay   through the nose in the runup to the '96 gala.   And just so they get the big picture:      It's unclear if the NSA, the super-secret eavesdropping      agency, endorsed the Commerce Department's conclusions      in the report it jointly prepared.   The newsstory reports      ...federal prosecutors dropped [the Zimmerman] investiga-      tion without explanation....   No explanation's required.  One hostage was released.  13   others were taken.  But the one release does afford the new   hostages, who have deep pockets, some hope...   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The newsstory's headline?  COMMERCE'S BROWN   PROPOSES REWRITE OF ENCRYPTION EXPORT CONTROLS.   Its dateline?  WASHINGTON (Jan 12, 1996 5:34 p.m. EST).   Its Nando News online filename?  biz6_1893.html

@_date: 1996-01-21 13:41:19
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: A Modest Proposal 
Tim,   On 01 17 96 you say:     ...we are for people looking out for Number One, with the     expectation that many other people simply won't make it.   I'm reading Christopher Hill's The English Bible and the   Seventeenth-Century Revolution.  At page 270:     In 1616 John Rolfe, Secretary to the Virginia Company,     attributed to Sir Thomas Dale the view that the English     were 'a peculiar people marked and chosen by the finger     of God' to possess North America.  But the phrase [pecu-     liar people] soon ceased to be equivalent to 'the chosen     people' and came to be restricted to descriptions of them-     selves by the saints.  In 1659 Christopher Feake urged     'the real fifth-kingdom men' to 'become a peculiar people     (or, as it were, a nation in the midst of the nation) wait-     ing for the word of command from their leader [i.e. God] to     execute the vengeance against Babylon'.  Christ's cause     will 'be amiable in the eyes of all the nations in due time'.     Quakers and Bunyan also used the phrase.  It indicated     a group conscious of its superiority but also aware that     it was a minority.
  Time tests prophecy and expectation alike.   Hill's book has other pertinent things to say.  At p 248:     There are two (at least) ways of using the Bible for political     controversy, which are not easily separated.  First as CODE.     When Thomas Goodwin in 1639 asked 'How, by degrees, do these     Gentiles win ground upon the outward court in England?' he had     already told us that Gentiles mean Papists.  'The outward court'     continues a metaphor about the Jewish temple; but it was at     Charles I's court that the Papists were making headway.   At 249:     Secondly, the symbols of the myth can be interpreted to taste.     We have seen Cain pass from being all the reprobate to 'all     great landlords', Nimrod from a tyrannical king to all kings,     all persecutors; Samson from a type of Christ to a freedom     fighter or a terrorist.  There seemed to be no limits.  Cen-     sorship had to be restored....     Some of the myths came to be put to secular uses.  John Bull     with his cudgel, the bully of the waves, the master slave-     trader, becomes the symbol of the chosen Anglo-Saxon people,     of their manifest destiny to bring the world to protestant     Christianity, to civilization, and in our century to 'demo-     cracy'.  But long before that the Bible had lost its function     as final arbiter.   At 176:     But it is not totally absurd to suggest that the role of the     [church] elders who decide and whose decisions are taken over     by 'the people' is performed in our [present-day] society by     the media.  The main difference is in the way in which spokes-     men of the latter find their way to such powerful positions:     unlike elders, they are not elected.   I expect those spokesmen are simply looking out for their Number   Ones                        --their employers.   Cordially,   Jim   NOTE.  The first bracketed insertion in the first quotation   is mine; the second is not.  I capitalized CODE in the second   quotation for the minority who can't see all that well.   The book was published in 1993 by Allen Lane / The Penguin Press.   Its ISBN: 0 713 99078 3.  Pages: xiv + 466.

@_date: 1996-01-28 01:10:33
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Rich,   On 01 26 96 you say:     ...the US might have received credible reports that Pearl     Harbor was going to be bombed. But they also received cred-     ible reports to the contrary, and decisions were made.   Bamford's 1983 The Puzzle Palace, page 57:     In December 1941 American COMINT [communications intelli-     gence] more closely resembled a medieval feudal state than     the empire it is today.   P 58:     The system was a hodgepodge.  No one was responsible for a     continuous study of all material. *** Though the technical     side of COMINT, particularly in the breaking of Purple, had     been performed with genius, the analytical side had become     lost in disorganization.   That's the background.  Then Bamford step by step follows the   events             of the first Sunday in December 1941   FROM (p 58) interception of the Japanese government reply to the   US government "diplomatic note" [=declaration of war] sent 11 days   before calling "on Japan to withdraw all its forces from China and   Indochina in return for a U.S. promise to release Japanese funds   and resume trade"   TO (p 61):     At 7:55 A.M. [Hawaii time], the first bomb smashed into a sea-     plane ramp on Ford Island in Pearl Harbor.  Before the last bomb     whistled down through the black and orange sky two hours later,     Americans would give their lives at the rate of almost thirty a     minute.   A note accompanying the Japanese government reply included these   prophetic words (p 59):     Will the Ambassador please submit to the United States Govern-     ment (if possible to the Secretary of State) our reply to the     United States [breaking off negotiations] at 1:00 P.M. on the     7th, your time.   1 PM Washington time = 7:30 AM Hawaii time.   Bamford, p 60 (my emphasis):     It was now about 11:00 A.M. [in Washington], almost six hours     after the giant ear on Bainbridge Island had first snared the     prophetic message, and ALL OF WASHINGTON'S SENIOR ELITE HAD     READ IT.   P 61:     At 2:40 P.M. [Hawaii time] the [Ft Shafter] signal officer     passed [Army Chief of Staff Marshall's warning] message to     the decoding officer, and twenty minutes later,...Marshall's     warning at last reached a devastated General Short.   The credible report was received at 7:55 AM Hawaii time.   The incredible report was received at 3 PM Hawaii time.   One decision was made 11 days earlier.  Another was finalized   10 days later.
  Bamford dryly concludes (p 62):     Disorganization and divided responsibility had cost America     dearly.   Cordially,   Jim

@_date: 1996-01-29 16:44:24
@_author: James M. Cobb 
@_subject: Decrypting the "MIG Group" 
Friend,             A 01 29 96 Electronic Telegraph newsstory             -----------------------------------------                Riddle of spooks in the White House                    BY AMBROSE EVANS-PRITCHARD                            reports:      Official logs kept by the US secret service...indicate that      a top White House aide, Patsy Thomasson, met a team of secret      service technicians at her office on the night of Mr Foster's      death.       ...logs kept by Secret Service staff at the White House --pub-      lished in Senate documents on the death of Mr Foster-- show that      a so-called "MIG Group" was checked into offices occupied by      Miss Thomasson and her boss, David Watkins...at 7.10 pm on July      20, 1993.      Miss Thomasson was the only member of the White House staff log-      ged into the office at the time.  She checked out at the same      time as the "MIG Group" at 7.44 pm....   E-P inquired about MIG, but--      The press spokesman for the Secret Service at first said that      he had not heard of the acronym "MIG".      The next day he changed his account, saying that the "MIG Group"      was a team of Secret Service technicians that had gone to Miss      Thomasson's office that night to conduct a routine alarm check.      He said he could not divulge what the acronym MIG stood for be-      cause the unit was secret.   However,      Intelligence sources have told The Sunday Telegraph that "MIG"      stands for "military intelligence group".  MIG groups are typi-      cally known as Technical Services Counter-Measure teams (TSCMs),      highly classified units that handle high-tech counter-espionage.      Their duties, for example, include sweeping for bugs at the      White House.      Sources say that the high-tech counter-espionage staff at the      White House are controlled and operated by the Federal Emergency      Management Agency, known as FEMA.  This agency...has enormous      power and can draw freely on the capabilities of the CIA, the      FBI, and the Pentagon.   E-P concludes:      ...[The logs] add to the growing weight of evidence that a tiny      group at the White House was tipped off early about Foster's      death, long before the official notification at 8.30 pm.  It      would have provided a window of at least an hour to cover things      up before anybody was alerted.
     If so, America is facing a White House scandal that is every bit      as serious and nasty as Watergate.   The Electronic Telegraph can be accessed at:                        The newsstory is under World News.  Its online filename is wamby-   27.html.   Cordially,   Jim
