
@_date: 1995-12-19 03:35:21
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Yep.  If politicians didn't have capricious, arbitrary, and absolute power over individuals and businesses, there would be no market for influence peddling.

@_date: 1995-12-31 16:09:35
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Australian "calculatorcard" 
You are referring to the ACE/SecurID token card from Security Dynamics.
In addition to the displayed number, you should be prepending it with a
memorized PIN; this prevents operation in case of theft.  The server end
will disable the card after x failed attemps, etc.  Otherwise it is
basically a one-time password system.
I've had a business relationship with these folks for a year or so now--
sharp guys.

@_date: 1996-01-01 08:22:12
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: [LOCAL] Next cpx physical meeting in SF Bay area? 
It's been about a year since I've been to a cpx physical meeting in the SF
area (other than T.C. May's house meeting--thanks again, Tim.  The
AetherWire folks gave a fascinating talk).  I haven't seen much talk here on
the list, either.  Is this still a regular thing?  Back then, we were having
marathon meetings at SGI's IRIS cafe on the first Sat. of the month.  What goes on these days?

@_date: 1995-02-05 08:50:30
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Here we go again... 
EMA ALERT is published and copyrighted (1995) by the
Electronic Messaging Association.  Permission to reproduce
and/or redistribute with attribution is hereby given to all
EMA members.  For more information about anything in EMA
ALERT, contact EMA via e-mail - use either X.400 (S=info;
O=ema; A=mci; C=us) or Internet (info at ema.org) address,
facsimile (1-703-524-5558), or telephone (1-703-524-5550).
Any EMA staff member can be addressed directly via e-mail by
using, for X.400, G=; S=; O=ema; A=mci;
C=us, and, for Internet, EMA's postal address is 1655 N. Fort Myer Dr. Arlington, VA 22209 USA.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov

@_date: 1995-02-06 14:09:54
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: "encrypt tcp connections" hacks 
This resolves to a layered quality-of-service issue.  Encryption and
authentication at the network layer provides an excellent base for
improving security, and in and of itself solves a lot of problems like
packet payload sniffing, session stealing, etc.
But as you so aptly point out, trust boundaries do not coincide with
network boundaries.  Applications that "ride" on top of TCP and UDP may
have their own, very different, threat models.  And sniffing the
physical layer provides most of what you need for traffic analysis
unless some sort of sophisticated packet laundering is used.
You pointed this out to me at the last cpunks meeting--each layer in the
network model needs to be able to ask for and use security facilities in
the lower layer, as well as advertise its security features to the next
layer up. Of course, it is perfectly reasonable for me to expect to write an
email, encrypt it with PGP and send it via an encrypted SMTP protocol to
my mail gateway.  On its way, it will ride on top of an encrypted TCP
session to port 25, with the physical T1 link between my site and the
internet encrypted as well.  This is an example of security features
present at most of the layers between 1 and 7 of the OSI model.  These
should remain independent.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:

@_date: 1995-02-07 06:50:23
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Source code for Applied Cryptography 
This web page isn't the complete set, but points to most of it anyway:
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:                     ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jc/jcorgan/home.html

@_date: 1995-02-07 17:17:10
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
Sounds like a good application for text stego...
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:                     ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jc/jcorgan/home.html

@_date: 1995-02-07 19:29:22
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: a new way to do anonymity 
There are many, many analogies you can draw about a network of this type
to an ATM (asynchronous transfer mode) network.  By simplifying just slightly
from what you describe to only include an encrypted, switched-pipe methodology,
you now have a "cloud" type network with service entry points that are defined
by a pair of byte streams (one in each direction).
The switched path could be set up and torn down dynamically by the user by
interacting with the "switch" at each point to select the next hop the encrypted byte stream will follow.  Of course, just like in remailer chaining,
the data that indicates which hop to follow is encrypted with the data in a
form only the switch can decrypt.  Alternatively, once a path is set up between
switches, it can be assigned a virtual path identifier that has only local
significance at each hop, with the switch performing a lookup to forward
packets and substituting a new path number with significance at the next hop.
The above description is pretty unclear, I think, but many of these concepts have been fleshed out to a significant amount of detail in ATM circles.
Fixed length data packets (at the encrypted telnet level) also make it very
easy to aggregate individual circuits into higher bandwidth pipes that
connect server to server.  With these continuously running with cover traffic,
individual circuit establishment is much more immune from traffic analysis.
Cover traffic is substituted with real traffic as necessary, up to the bandwidth
of the pipe.
To summarize, what has been described is a method to establish a "network within
a network", using encrypted telnet, to provide a connection oriented, unreliable
packet switched link layer protocol.  Sounds remarkably similar to IP (except
for the connection oriented portion of it.)
What can you do with a network like this?  By layering a TCP process on top of this "Pipe-Net" IP like service, any of the standard TCP based application protocols can function between two end point systems, such as SMTP, FTP, HTTP,
What is so neat about this is that it could probably be done in user space,
and since the packet based protocol is defined as unreliable, switches could
come and go, with some sort of switch-to-switch protocol that propagates route
Eric, you could probably chew on the trust implications of all this.
Perry, I'm sure all the IPSP/SSL/SOCKS/whatever stuff you know so well could
provide a lot of building blocks for this type of thing.
Wei, your traffic analysis treatment of this sort of thing would go a long way
toward uncovering weaknesses and determining operational requirements and Tim, what massive social effects would it have if this type of network service
were to become widely deployed? :)
At first glance, this Pipe-Net idea doesn't seem to take a lot of rocket science; it seems that most of the components or algorithms are are already in use, just in a very different way.
I can think of a number of problems already, however.  Spamming.  Bandwidth
limitations.  Complexity of client and switch software.  Standards.  Flow
In other works, all the stuff the ATM forum is already dealing with :)
Come to think of it, has anyone thought of something like this before?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:                     ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jc/jcorgan/home.html

@_date: 1995-02-07 22:53:33
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: a new way to do anonymity 
Exactly.  Anywhere we can "stand on the shoulders" of others reduces wasted
time and effort.
Encrypt-Telnet to a switch process.  Use text based command line sequence
to check outbound paths, bandwidth available, negotiate quality of service,
execute digital payment arrangements, etc.  Conclude the transaction and
get bumped to your next hop, where it happens all over again.
Done right, it could probably be automated.  It seems like a lot of effort,
but if you remember that once an initial session is established with your
Pipe-net Service Provider (tm), a given circuit can be relatively long-lived.
One of the lessons learned in the years-long debate between the telco folks
pushing synchronous time-division multiplexing point to point circuit switches and the data folks pushing variable length packet-switched broadcast medium
networks is that fixed length packets can give you both TDM and statistical
multiplexing.  So, at the bottom most session layer, moving bits around in
fixed chunks allows you to do things easier like bandwidth pre-allocation,
aggregation, circuit based congestion control, and negotiated quality of
service agreements to end points in the network.
To learn from the efforts that have come from the thousands of people working
on ATM, we could take a look at what has emerged as the "ATM Adaptation Layer."
AAL specifies methods to encapsulate various data formats and quality of service
requirements onto this fixed length, continuous stream of data packets.  There
is one for voice traffic, which requires fixed bandwitdth and very little relative
latency, another for LAN type data packets, which have bursty bandwidth requirements and variable packet sizes.  Your comment above is accurate in that the
requirements involved in a Telnet session are vastly different from say, PGP
Phone over TCP.
The good part about all this is that a lot of the thinking, testing, prototyping,
and standardization has already been done.  The standards exist today for adapting
variable bandwidth, variable packet length, variable latency data packets onto
a continous stream of fixed length packets moving through a switched network.
This reminds me of the old days of Packet Radio which used intelligent repeaters
that you would access (via command line), determine your next repeater, then
log into it, etc.  I once established virtual circuit from Connecticut to Florida
over 2 meter packet that took 25 or so hops, and had a transit delay of a half
an hour.  Primitive, kludgy, unreliable, and essentially useless, but totally cool.
An opportunity presents itself here to establish this Pipe-net style service
network, that would greatly expand the ability for network users to essentially
bypass all the crap which appears to be coming down on us from our friendly representatives in Washington, who are trying so hard to "protect" us from ourselves. Of course.  What I've outline is a pretty ambitious goal.  I'd be happy to see
primitive switch implementations that do nothing more than forward TCP streams.
Its a start and we would learn a lot along the way.  Alas, I don't do Unix; my
programming expertise is in (gasp) the Windows environment.  So it looks like
I could start looking at the requirements implementation of a Winsock interface
that made all this stuff transparent to an end user.  Important consideration.
I suppose the IRC folks could add their experience to the mix.  In a very real
way, IRC _is_ a packet switched unicast/multicast stream service on top of the
'net.  Do we have any IRC op types onboard here?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:                     ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jc/jcorgan/home.html

@_date: 1995-01-29 13:09:22
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: CERN Web Proxy 
Could someone post the host/port number of the proxy server at CERN?

@_date: 1995-01-29 15:48:33
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: CERN Web Proxy 
This is what you get if you interpret the above as a URL...which makes
sense since that was how it was posted.
What it really is is the host name and port name to configure your
Web browser so that all your HTTP traffic is funnelled through CERN
first, and then relayed from there to the destination.  I don't know
how Mosaic supports this, but under Netscape for Windows, it is under
Options | Preferences | Mail and Proxies | HTTP Proxy.
While this doesn't provide complete anonymity, it does prevent your email address, site name, etc. from appearing in the log files of the HTTP server you are connecting to.
I'm not sure why CERN has this running, but it is pretty usefull
nonetheless. Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov

@_date: 1995-01-29 22:28:09
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Smart Card architecture 
I've been searching around the 'net looking for online references to
the actual protocols and methods used in smart card user authentication,
but have found very little.  I understand from reading Schneier that
there are several established protocols to demonstrate knowledge of
some secret without leaking any information about this secret.  Is this
how these (smart card) systems work?
The Nov. '94 issue of 'Communications of the ACM' has an article about
using smart cards to store secure OS kernel and user configuration
information (I imagine both Unix _and_ Windows :), which is fascinating to read, but doesn't delve into these technical details.
It seems that the there are a myriad of rather innovative applications for these things.
What is the state of this technology today?  I understand there are working systems for use with credit transactions and telephone billing.  Who are the major players in the marketplace, what types of standards have evolved to describe the interfaces they use, and what kind of Cypherpunk interest is
there in these products?  What kind of realistic attacks exist that would
compromise the security offered by smart cards?
Guess I'm just interested in some good pointers to information (online or written) that could give me a grasp on the technical details.
Johnathan Corgan
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov

@_date: 1995-07-26 10:03:19
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Encrypting block driver for Linux...need some advice 
I dropped off the face of the earth for a few months while fighting a particularly *nasty* divorce, and to nurse my wounds, I immersed myself in writing cypto-code :)
What I've come up with is a loadable module block device driver for Linux that implements transparent encryption/decryption (is there a generic word that means both, like 'cryption' or some such?).
The way it works is by 'attaching' a filespec to the block driver, and translating block requests into read/write requests at the appropriate offset in the file.  During the read or write, the data is transformed with either DES or 3DES (RSAREF implementation).  The key is an MD5 hashed passphrase entered by the user when attaching the filespec.  The key is not stored anywhere, and there is no hidden structure to the ciphertext (such as a header block.)
The filespec can represent pretty much anything--another block device such as a hard drive partition or floppy drive, a regular file, a remote NFS exported file, CDROM, whatever.  If the file is remote, only ciphertext
is transmitted on the wire.
This part is working rather well at this point (as long as everything is done as root), which brings me to the crux of my post.
Being a Unix programming novice (lots of C experience on DOS/Windows), I'm pretty clueless when it comes to Unix level security issues.  I need to define and implement the appropriate behavior of the device when dealing with access to the data by different users.  Ideally, I want something infinitely flexible and configurable--why program in policy?--so that the user/admin can deal with a variety of threat models.
Another, more crypto related question--how to deal with IV's?  Right now, I'm using 512 byte sectors with CBC.  For each sector, the IV is the sector number.  This frustrates the known plaintext attack issue, but I'm not sure if such a simple scheme is really effective.  Probably not.
Then there is a whole host of issues relating to cryptographically hygienic programming practices...of which I am also pretty ignorant (especially on Unix.)
I guess you could say the software is at the "proof of concept" stage, and lacks all sorts of desirable features.  But it works (with many bugs I'm sure)...and I have to give credit to the Linux effort:  so far I've done this with nothing but the kernel source and the kernel hackers guide as a reference.  I took a look at doing this with Windows 95 and didn't even know where to start. (No, I'm not bashing Windows--I love Win95, use it all day at the office and get loads of work done with it--but Linux kernel hacking is much more fun.  An ideal world would have the Win95
UI/Plug & Play stuff coded on top of a Unix kernel :) In any case, suggestions, criticism, and comments are welcome.  The software
will eventually be GPL licensed when it is a bit more mature.
Johnathan Corgan       "For the first time in history, it is possible to
jcorgan at aeinet.com      have absolute privacy over arbitrary distances."
PGP Key Fingerprint:    4F 28 69 B8 76 2E 42 3E  8B 4C 12 BB 3A 43 D4 07

@_date: 1995-07-27 09:06:49
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Encrypting block driver for Linux...need some advice 
I suspected as much.  I don't see how a known IV affects the security of the
first block even (and perhaps I'm exposing some real crypto-ignorance here
Someone pointed out in private mail that the SFS docs have a good section on
IV selection techniques...I'll go off and read those.
Johnathan Corgan       "For the first time in history, it is possible to
jcorgan at aeinet.com      have absolute privacy over arbitrary distances."
PGP Key Fingerprint:    4F 28 69 B8 76 2E 42 3E  8B 4C 12 BB 3A 43 D4 07

@_date: 1995-07-27 09:20:10
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Encrypting block driver for Linux...need some advice 
I guess my question is how does knowing the IV affect the security of CBC? I assumed that it only needed to be different for each block so that
identical plaintext encrypts to different ciphertext for different blocks.
Yes, I plan on it.  Originally, I just grabbed RSAREF for a quick and dirty
drop in.
The software is a block device driver.  To use it, a user will run an
executable that will pass a filespec and key to the driver.  The driver then
translates calls to its block interface into calls to lseek/read/write on
the underlying inode.  Data is d(e)ncrypted on the fly during this process.
The user can then do anything you would normally do with a block
device--make a file system on it, tar files to it, use it for swap.  If the
provided filespec is actually located remotely, and is accessed via NFS,
SMB, or some other network protocol, then the benefit is that only
ciphertext is passed on the wire.
I'm stuck on figuring the the proper permissions for the device special
file, the attachment executable, and how to deal with one user attaching the
filespec to the driver, but allowing some predefined user list have access. All potential users of the driver need to have rw permission to it, but in
practice, the kernel module should only honor block read/write calls make by
authorized user processes.
I guess I need to step back and look a what types of threat models I should
address, and go from there.  That, and get a good book on Unix security :)
Johnathan Corgan       "For the first time in history, it is possible to
jcorgan at aeinet.com      have absolute privacy over arbitrary distances."
PGP Key Fingerprint:    4F 28 69 B8 76 2E 42 3E  8B 4C 12 BB 3A 43 D4 07

@_date: 1995-09-22 20:35:47
@_author: jcorgan@aeinet.com 
@_subject: Another Netscape Bug (and possible security hole) 
Testing here with Win95 results in the equivalent of a segmentation fault...nicely handled.

@_date: 1996-04-23 12:01:26
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Smartcards are coming to the US 
If it is online, could you send me a pointer?  Is it a searchable archive
somewhere?  Thanks.

@_date: 1996-02-14 17:15:37
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Stealth PGP work 
When asked, he also indicated that the PGP 3.0 message formats would be embedded into the API in such a way that it would not be possible to use the library to generate or process stealth.  Of course, you could always strip the unstealthy data out as you would with PGP 2.x, but that doesn't help on the receiving end.
Johnathan M. Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com
"One should realize, of course, that whether Crypto Anarchy
prevails depends not upon the varied philosophical leanings of
citizen-units May and Denning, but rather upon whether our
mathematics is more powerful than their jackbooted thugs."
                                                -Mike Duvos
(seemed appropriate :)

@_date: 1996-01-17 04:32:15
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Spiderspace 
Minor correction, it was a private e-mail that I had sent to Marianne over a year ago that showed up in an AltaVista search.  (It was a completely inadvertant mistake on her part that this happened.)
Funny to me, embarrassing to her, and a perfect (though trivial) example of how the evolution of "spiderspace" will, until people become more familiar with it, reveal all sorts of unexpected surprises.
Johnathan Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com

@_date: 1996-01-17 09:00:42
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Alta Vista, Great Stuff! 
I have a similar situation--"Corgan" is an invented name, so it is quite rare.  Most hits on my name are either Cpunks archives at hks.net or the motherlode of Billy Corgan (Smashing Pumpkins) stuff out there.
Johnathan Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com

@_date: 1996-01-17 14:15:31
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: A Modest Proposal: Fattening up the Proles 
While I've not read the book, what you describe fits with the concept of "sensitivity to initial conditions" that chaos theory discusses.
In this context, what Tim describes is a "sharpening" effect--i.e., the differences in initial conditions necessary to distinguish between the two eventual outcomes described is becoming smaller.  A neat way to visualize this is to picture what happens when you crank up the contrast on a black and white TV.
Eric Hughes made an interesting comment, something to the effect that this process only seems to be occurring in occupations that have something in common, like easy transfer of job skill from one worker to another, I don't quite remember.  Anyone remember specifically?
Johnathan M. Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com

@_date: 1996-01-17 17:25:58
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Ooops 
Some rather, uh... uncreative bash scripting resulted in my trashing beyond reasonable repair all my inbox mail for the last half a day or so.  Looks like there were a few posts from some list members--please resend any important mail.
Johnathan M. Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com

@_date: 1996-01-26 14:59:26
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
This would allow to emerge a free market 'ecology' of ratings agencies, similar to the system that has emerged in the PC technology market for product reviews.  Presently, I obtain a great deal of market exposure by promoting my product (I'm a marketing geek at a Silicon Valley networking vendor) in  competitive reviews done by both specialist companies (e.g., LANQuest Labs) and print magazines (PC World,  Communications Week, etc.)
Everyone has their own opinions about the accuracy, testing methodology, review philosophy, and veracity of these 'ratings agencies', and there is a large market segment that does buy product on little more than what they read in these trade rags.
The analogy with Web pages is fairly direct.  As a Web content provider, I would be incentivized to have my pages reviewed by those agencies whom I felt attracted the right target audience for my content, and whose reputation in that audience was good.
As a Web surfer, or parent, or whomever, I could choose (or not) to consult with a ratings agency whose criteria and reputation I trust.
As a ratings agency, my reputation would be based on how closely I follow the criteria I publish for my rating service.
I can forsee the development of competing 'ratings servers', which contain a database of reviewed URL's.  My browser would query one with a URL (for a small fee) prior to retrieving the actual page.
With an evolved form of e-cash, this could become a profitable business.  Ratings aren't necessarily strictly value judgements; they can act as a classification system as well. Of course, this is an entirely free market, voluntary, no coercion involved, non-legislated solution, so I wouldn't expect it to fly in today's political climate.
Johnathan M. Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com

@_date: 1996-01-27 01:09:58
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
It is absolutely fascinating to observe the widely differing views held by you and Lucky Green on the same subjects.
The two of you seem to represent opposite ends of the spectrum of cypherpunks thought, to the extent that there is such a thing.
Food for thought.
Johnathan M. Corgan
jcorgan at aeinet.com
