
@_date: 2002-01-14 17:31:38
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
Conventionally, in order to be a prisoner of war you have to be a
soldier.  To be considered a soldier, you have to be in uniform
and you have to be part of an organized military force, meaning
that you have a rank and, unless you are the commander in chief, you
have  a superior to report to.  This is an essential requirement,
because PoWs are supposed to be handled through their own chain of
In the second world war, people out of uniform but carrying guns
were often just shot out of hand.  If taken prisoner, they weren't
treated as prisoners of war but as spies, bandits, or terrorists.
Some of us remember the chief of police in Saigon dealing out summary
justice during the Tet offensive on this basis: the VC wasn't in
uniform, so he just shot him, right in front of all of those
Those fighting on behalf of the Taleban appear to be an unorganized
militia - no uniforms, no ranks, no saluting, just guns and lots of
spirit.  You can't make them PoWs because they don't recognize any
chain of command.
Jim Dixon    jdd at dixons.org
tel        +44 117 982 0786
mobile     +44 797 373 7881

@_date: 2003-04-30 13:57:09
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: patriotism considered evil 
I live in Bristol, in the west of England.  Despite what you say,
British and English flags are very common indeed.  They fly on cars,
are displayed on the walls in pubs, appear on clothing, and even on
people's faces -- particularly before sporting events.
Because Bristol is just across the river from Wales, we also see
a LOT of Welsh dragons.
Mind you, flags have been commonly and prominently displayed in most
of the countries I have lived in (including Japan, India, and Pakistan
as well as the United States) and travelled through (France, for
example).  And we mustn't forget the republican flags on display all
over Belfast.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881

@_date: 2003-08-26 16:16:32
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Slashdot | Florida Proposes Taxing Local LANs (fwd) 
A bit tax has been proposed in the European Union several times.  The
general idea is to levy a tax on each bit/byte of Internet traffic that
flows through some specified point or set of points.  So far the Internet
service providers have successfully lobbied against the tax.
The US legislators obviously haven't clearly thought through their
proposal yet.  But it would be easy enough to, for example, reason
that it costs N cents to push a megabyte down a telephone wire, and
so it would be 'logical' to impose a tax 0.09 * N cents/megabyte.
The LAN is just a way around the telephone wire, right?
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881

@_date: 2003-08-31 19:21:24
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
In the UK ISPs certainly can bill the police for any taps installed
at their standard rates, just as the telcos have always billed the
police for the cost of wire taps.  There was a lot of opposition
from ISPs to taps 2-3 years ago; it largely disappeared when it became
clear that they would be paid.
The FBI made a presentation on Carnivore a couple of years ago at
a NANOG conference in Washington.  In a side remark, the guy giving
the presentation made it clear that the practice in the US is the
same: ISPs are paid by the police for any taps, paid at their normal
I ran an ISP for seven years and was involved in a number of industry
associations.  Never heard of anyone anywhere billing a customer for
the cost of taps, or of anyone putting such a provision in their
contracts (I reviewed quite a few such contracts very carefully).  It
would amount to a form of tax without any basis in legislation and would,
I believe, arouse very strong opposition.
But perhaps I miss the point of the thread ;-)
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881

@_date: 2003-12-15 15:47:28
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The Geneva conventions require, among other things, that soldiers wear
uniforms.  Maybe it was just the movies, but I do believe that in the
first and second world wars combatants dressed in civilian clothes were
routinely shot.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-15 18:48:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Saddam was apparently quite proud of being a soldier.  He routinely wore a
uniform bearing insignia of miliary rank.  He carried weapons.  He was
armed when captured and had with him evidence that he was directing
military operations.
In any case, if you are arguing that he should be treated as a POW, you
cannot simultaneously argue that he is not a soldier.
The provisions are reasonably clear.  You wear a uniform of some sort, or
you openly display your weapons:
"3. In order to promote the protection of the civilian population from the
effects of hostilities, combatants are obliged to distinguish themselves
from the civilian population while they are engaged in an attack or in a
military operation preparatory to an attack. Recognizing, however, that
there are situations in armed conflicts where, owing to the nature of the
hostilities an armed combatant cannot so distinguish himself, he shall
retain his status as a combatant, provided that, in such situations, he
carries his arms openly:
"(a) During each military engagement, and
"(b) During such time as he is visible to the adversary while he is
engaged in a military deployment preceding the launching of an attack in
which he is to participate.
"Acts which comply with the requirements of this paragraph shall not be
considered as perfidious within the meaning of Article 37, paragraph 1
(c)."  (
If you don't wear a uniform or display your weapons during an engagement,
whether offensive or defensive, then you are engaging in perfidious acts
and lose the protection of the Geneva conventions.  Note that this says
"during each military engagement"; if you drop your weapon and try to melt
into the crowd, you have failed to comply, your behaviour is perfidious.
I can find no support for what you say in this paragraph.  Attackers are
not distinguished from defenders except at the level of individual
engagements.  That is, if you are a member of an irregular force invading
another country and are captured, you are a POW, so long as you comply
with the rules: distinguish yourself from the civilian population, and
display your weapons openly.
Notwithstanding the above,
"7. This Article is not intended to change the generally accepted practice
of States with respect to the wearing of the uniform by combatants
assigned to the regular, uniformed armed units of a Party to the
Saddam was an officer in a regular, uniformed armed unit.  He had worn his
uniform conspicuously for many years. He was not an irregular combatant.
Therefore he was obliged to continue to wear a uniform while engaged in
military action and not doing so could be considered perfidious.
The following is also relevant:
"Article 46.-Spies
"1. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conventions or of this
Protocol, any member of the armed forces of a Party to the conflict who
falls into the power of an adverse Party while engaging in espionage shall
not have the right to the status of prisoner of war and may be treated as
a spy.
"2. A member of the armed forces of a Party to the conflict who, on behalf
of that Party and in territory controlled by an adverse Party, gathers or
attempts to gather information shall not be considered as engaging in
espionage if, while so acting, he is in the uniform of his armed forces."
If you gather information or attempt to do so, and are NOT in uniform,
you can be considered a spy and so are not eligible for POW status.
According to news reports, our friend Saddam had many intelligence reports
with him when captured.  He was gathering information for military
purposes.  He was not in uniform.  Therefore he forfeited any right to be
treated as a captured soldier - specifically because he was not in
It was presumably on one of these grounds that Allied prisoners out of
uniform when captured were routinely executed in Europe during the second
world war: they were members of uniformed units and not in uniform; or
they were considered to be gathering information and not in uniform.
There are larger questions here.  Irregular forces whose tactics consist
largely of murdering random civilians because that's easier than fighting
soldiers are not military forces in the sense of the Geneva conventions,
especially where they conceal their weapons and hide behind civilians.
They are unlawful combatants and need not be treated as POWs if captured.
Nor should their leaders be.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-16 23:18:45
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violaton of Geneva convention? 
No one seems to question certain facts:
*  Saddam had hundreds of thousands of Iraqis tortured and killed
*  he used chemical weapons casually, wiping out at least one Kurdish
   village of several thousand people
*  he deliberately destroyed the swamp Arabs and the environment that
   they lived in
*  his regime treated POWs brutally; few people in Britain will forget
   the pilot who was badly beaten during the first Gulf War and then
   displayed on TV; few Americans will forget the wounded POWs
   interrogated on TV in the second
The people on this list are less likely to remember that Saddam's coming
to power was marked by the public humiliation and hanging of Americans
unfortunate enough to be in Baghdad at the time.
You mean, do I think that it is somehow immoral to have examined him for
head lice and then checked his teeth?  Well, no.  Do I think that the
Geneva convention is there to protect bandits, thugs, and tyrants?  Well,
no. If you read it, the focus is on protecting civilians and captured
soldiers from the sort of abuse that Saddam considered normal.
Hitler, you mean?  Or did you have Milosevic in mind?
You should try to remember how the US Civil War ended.  The armed forces
of the South surrendered.  Lee handed his sword to Grant.  I believe that
Grant returned it - and allowed each Southern soldier to keep a rifle and
a mule.  Lee and the other leaders of the South lived out their lives in
peace.  There were of course acts of terror on both sides, but on the
whole the combatants behaved decently. There was considerable mutual
respect, because both sides recognized that the other had behaved
honourably.  The same cannot be said of Saddam Hussain.
The people of the South did not walk in terror of Robert E Lee and
Jefferson Davis. The people of the North were not murdered, raped, and
tortured by Grant and Lincoln.
Yeah, you're right.  I forgot that Saddam paid $25,000 or so to the family
of each Palestinian 'soldier' who blew himself up, slaughtering innocent
civilians in the sort of attack that the Geneva conventions were designed
to prevent.  The Palestinian suicide bombers wear no uniforms, they
conceal their weapons, they deliberately target civilians.
This has nothing to do with the justice for the Palestinians or whether
the Israelis are right or wrong.  The Geneva conventions, which you seem
to be advocating, were established to set limits on the behaviour of
combatants in war, to encourage the sort of peaceful resolution that
marked the end of the American Civil War.  What Saddam wanted was just the
opposite. He advertised and paid for routine violations of the Geneva
conventions in Israel.  He wanted hatred and endless violence.
The US plan appears to intend to stall until the Iraqis have regained
sovereignty and then turn Saddam over to the new government, which will
probably follow local practice and execute him.  This will please tens of
millions of Iraqis.  The UK government, which has a long tradition of
ignoring the wishes of the British people in regard to capital punishment,
will tut-tut.  The ex-governor of Texas will doubtless say again that he
does not intend to express any personal opinions in the matter -- and
I spent several years travelling in that part of the world.  From my
experience, I think that the people of the region, who are rightfully
proud of their heritage, of their traditions and beliefs, will respect the
US and the UK more for having shown obviously superior strength, and for
having then given way to the wishes of the Iraqi people.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-17 08:36:51
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
There were at least three points made in my post:
* The treatment of Saddam seems well within the rules laid down by the
  Geneva conventions.
* On the other hand, he and his government routinely violated the Geneva
  conventions and encouraged others to do so.
* The US and the UK should step back and let Iraqis decide what to do
  with Saddam.
Nowhere did I advocate gassing villages, rape, murder, torture, invasion
of neighboring countries for all that good loot, setting off explosives in
crowds, nor even the beatings handed out to captured British pilots.
I have gazed into the abyss and seen a man having his teeth checked and
getting a haircut.  :-|
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-17 20:01:17
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Sunny Guantanamo (Re: Speaking of the Geneva convention) 
If the prisoners at Guantanamo are POWs, why should they be charged with
crimes?  It is no crime to be an enemy soldier.
However, customary practice is to lock POWs up until the conflict is over.
This certainly is what happened in the two world wars, at least in Europe;
it also happened during the Korean and Vietnam wars.
If these are members of al-Quaeda and prisoners of war, should they not be
released when and only when al-Quaeda declares the conflict over?  Would
not a US government releasing them before the end of the war be derelict
in its duty?
If they are instead unlawful combatants because they have violated the
Geneva conventions (because they have carried arms in battle but discarded
them and hid among civilians, say) or if they are spies (out of uniform,
engaged in espionage), is the US not being somewhat charitable in treating
them as POWs?
If they are neither POWs nor unlawful combatants nor spies, if they are
just terrorists, why is the US obliged to treat them as though they are
in the United States?  Presumably they were captured outside the US and
were not taken into the US after capture.  Why does the US military have
to treat them as though they had US constitutional rights?  They are not
citizens or physically present in the United States.
If any of those at Guantanamo is an American citizen, then of course he
should be returned to the States and tried for carrying arms against his
country.  Treason, isn't it?
Let us say that by agreement between the US and the Afghan government
(which no one seems to deny is the rightful government of the country)
terrorists captured in Afghanistan are being held in Guantanamo.  Why
should US law apply instead of Afghan law?
I know for a fact that conditions in Afghan jails are nowhere near as
comfortable as those in Guantanamo.
An American friend of mine spent six months in a jail in Kabul.  If you
didn't buy food from the guards, you starved. If you bought coal from them
to heat your cell -- tiny windows high in thick stone walls, so no real
ventilation -- you were slowly poisoned by carbon monoxide.  If you
didn't, you froze.  It's cold in Kabul in the winter.
The beatings were free.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-17 20:41:07
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
You have omitted a bit.  A better question might be: "how would you have
felt if you had looted an entire country for 30 years, invaded two others,
annihilated any who objected, butchered hundreds of thousands of people,
dispatched assasins after enemies abroad, laughed at anyone who objected

@_date: 2003-12-18 19:18:04
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Relevant numbers from the Times today, quoting Air Force Monthly, January
2003:  from 1980 to 1990 Iraq imported 28.9 billion pounds worth of
weapons.  19% by value were from France; 57% from the Soviet Union (ie
Russia), East Germany, and Czechoslovakia; 8% from China.  Sales from the
United States were inconsequential and did not make the list.  From
earlier articles in other publications I believe that in fact US sales
were a small fraction of 1%.
It is not coincidental that the Security Council members opposed to
taking any action on Iraq's repeated violations were France, Russia,
Germany, and China: Iraq's weapons suppliers.
These repeated claims that Saddam was somehow the US's boy in the Middle
East are puzzling.  The US did not supply any significant number of
weapons or other military aid to Iraq.  They did give limited support to
Iraq in its war against Iran, a direct consequence of the Irani occupation
of the US embassy in Teheran and kidnapping of its staff.  If you look at
the tactics and weapons used by Saddam in the invasion of Kuwait and in
the resulting Gulf War, they were Soviet.
Chirac's personal relations with Saddam go back to at least 1975, the year
that France signed an agreement to sell two nuclear reactors to Iraq.
There have been rumors for a long time that Saddam provided financial
support to Chirac in various election campaigns.
The evidence points to deep ties between Russia, France, and Iraq that
goes back decades, plus somewhat weaker ties to China and Germany.
Relations between the US and Baath-controlled Iraq were bad from the
beginning; American bodies dangling from ropes in Baghdad were not
the beginning of a great romance.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-18 20:13:14
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
In the UK we measure sales in pounds sterling.  One pound = $1.75 and
One is included in the other.  From memory, total US military sales
to Iraq in the decade were $3 million.  As we all know, in Washington DC
"a billion dollars here, a billion dollars there -- pretty soon you are
talking real money".  Three million dollars will buy you a few coffee
pots and a monkey wrench for your AWACS aircraft.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-18 20:16:03
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: The killer app for encryption 
What exactly do you mean by "peered IP telephony"?
Voice telephony requires delays measured in tens of milliseconds.  A bit
difficult if you also want encryption, anonymity, etc.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-18 23:06:05
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I was travelling in the area (India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Turkey)
at the time.  In the 1960s the usual overland traveller's route through
the region to Europe had been Bombay - Gulf - Iraq (Basra) - Turkey.  In
the 1970s, when I was there, the route had shifted to Pakistan -
Afghanistan - Iran - Turkey because of attacks on foreigners and in
particular the hanging of several Americans as supposed CIA agents, spies.
The Baath Party took over in 1968 and nationalized the oil industry in
1972; the surge in anti-western agitation occurred in that period.
Googling provides a lot of hits, mostly propaganda for one side or the
other.  One interesting quote regarding the Baath takeover:
"To the end Qassim retained his popularity in the streets of Baghdad.
After his execution, his supporters refused to believe he was dead until
the coup leaders showed pictures of his bullet-riddled body on TV and in
the newspapers."  (From "Out of the Ashes, the Resurrection of Saddam
Hussain", by Andrew and Patrick Cockburn.)  The coup leaders included one
Saddam Hussian, who of course killed the rest over the next few years.
This time around the president's bullet-riddled body has not been
displayed on TV.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-18 23:24:39
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I am not confusing them at all.  There is ample evidence that the Germans
sold to Saddam both before and after the reunification of Germany.
The _UN_ claimed that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.  They ordered
them destroyed, and actually watched some being destroyed until Saddam
threw them out in the late 1990s.  They subsequently reported that they
could not account for tons of chemical weapons; this was one of the
reasons for the second war.
The manipulative misinformation is the claim that the US somehow armed
Saddam Hussein.  He had French planes, Czech weapons, Russian tanks; we
saw them burning on TV in both wars.  There is no evidence at all that the
US supplied weapons in any quantity to Iraq, just unsubstantiated claims
from the usual mob, the ones who supposedly know all those secrets hidden
from the rest of us.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-19 13:30:29
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Sunny Guantanamo (Re: Speaking of the Geneva convention) 
This is a valid and probably commendable political position.  I do not
believe, however, that it reflects current practice in the USA or
I say "probably" because it seems likely that adopting this as a practice
would have very high costs.  How far would you have this go?  Is the US
government to be obligated to ensure these rights to everyone everywhere?
Does this mean liberating slaves in China and Saudi Arabia, for example?
Opening up Russian jails?  Forcing countries everywhere to grant the vote
to women, to educate children?
Hmmm.  Does the application of this principle mean that the US government
is going to require the British government to recognize the right to keep
and bear arms?  ;-)
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-19 15:19:47
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Sunny Guantanamo (Re: Speaking of the Geneva convention) 
The personal cost for the police concerned would be very high: those who
weren't really good at running away would be shot dead.  The cost for
those hiring the police would be astronomical:  wages would have to rise
to reflect the danger.  The cost for politicians mandating such a policy
would be equally high: they would be out of office and facing criminal
charges themselves.
If the US tried to export its notion of rights, the global reaction would
be similar.
In either case you could not put a cost on the ensuing chaos.
The US has global hegemony because in reality its policies are reasonable,
because it isn't worth anyone's while to try to oppose it.
If Saddam had been less of an idiot, if he had left Kuwait alone, he would
be relaxing in one of his palaces today and his sons would be out
snatching women off the street, torturing people who had annoyed them --
you know, having a good night out.
China would like to have more power in its region, but the cost of
really pushing for this is much higher than any conceivable gain, and
anyway they can provoke the US a great deal with no particular reaction.
So the political elite concentrates on increasing the production of
Barby dolls and stacking up hundred dollar bills.
European calculations are the same: the potential cost of challenging the
US is incalculable, the potential gain relatively miniscule.  Come on,
let's go down to the pub instead.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-12-19 19:36:37
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Sunny Guantanamo (Re: Speaking of the Geneva convention) 
Steve, do you ever find a propagandist whose BS you didn't swallow?
The tone of this conversation is deteriorating ;-)
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2003-06-18 15:01:01
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: bbc 
There has certainly been no interruption in service in the UK; I look
at it daily.
However, news.bbc.co.uk is not one machine.  The BBC has at least two
clusters of servers, one at Telehouse in London and the other in
Telehouse America in New York.  When I was providing services to the
BBC (up until about 18 months ago), these server farms were connected
by a private circuit, enabling the NY site to mirror the UK site.
Custom DNS software looked at where you were (by IP address) and then
gave you an IP address in either London or New York, depending on
whether you connected through the London Internet exchange.
What's most likely is that someone along the way has tried to be clever
with caching/proxying and in effect has broken your connection.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881

@_date: 2004-04-09 18:22:06
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
Not at all.  A tree has a root; the Internet doesn't have one.  Instead
you have several thousand autonomous systems interconnecting at a large
number of peering points.
For a long time, most traffic between European countries was routed
through Virginia.  This has improved only in the last few years.  In
the same way a lot of Pacific traffic still runs through California.
In each case what matters is not geography but politics and quixotic
Within most countries the same sort of illogic applies.  In the UK, for
example, most IP traffic flows through London, and within London most IP
traffic flows through the Docklands area, a geographically small region of
East London.  It's fractal: even within Docklands, almost all traffic
flows through a handful of buildings, and there is a strong tendency for
most of that inter-building traffic to pass through a very small number of
Very true -- but this has nothing to do with geodesics.
? City layouts that I am familiar with are either haphazard or built
around rings or some mixture of the two.  MFS built a US national ring,
a ring in New York City, a ring in London, and rings elsewhere in Europe.
Other carriers tended to follow the same pattern.
That's certainly true, but now you are talking about political decisions
made ages ago.  Many roads in England were built by the Romans.  These
roads lead to London.  You see the same pattern on the Continent, of
course, with the roads leading to the local capital (Paris, say) and then
on to Rome.  That is, fiber optic paths today reflect the strategic
requirements of the Roman Empire, not geometry.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-04-09 20:29:27
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
Yes.  I know what a tree is, and I am quite familiar with structure of
the Internet.  These very pretty pictures certainly look like the Internet
I am familiar with, but don't resemble trees.
Over the last 30 years or so, various people have hypothesized about what
the "killer requirement" might be.  To the best of my knowledge, all have
been wrong.
The Internet is quite obviously optimizing along certain lines.  However,
these lines don't follow any geographical geodesic, which was my point.
And it is only obvious what the lines of optimization are in hindsight ;-)
If you try to replace observations with theories, the most important thing
is to verify that your theory corresponds with reality right now.  If your
theories aren't correct "currently", it is very unlikely that they will be
a better fit tomorrow.
It isn't a minor point that the Internet is fractal.  This is in fact
what is consistent everywhere and has been, to the best of my knowledge,
throughout the history of the Internet.  If you go back to your pretty
pictures and look, you will see fractal structures.
A geodesic is a minimal path in whatever geometry you are talking about.
If you looked carefully at traffic between European countries around
1999, it turned out that the minimal cost path between say German and
France was in fact through Virginia.  Traffic was following a geodesic --
but not a geographic geodesic.
As I recall, a 2 Mbps E1 between most major European cities and Virginia
was about $30,000 a month, but an E1 across the English Channel was around
$45,000 a month - 50% more to go 30 miles than to go 6,000.  We had
customers in Northern Ireland whose traffic to Dublin went first to
London, then to our PoP in California, then to Virginia, and from there
back to Ireland.  This was our financial geodesic.
I have spent time in both cities and am familiar with their layouts, but
really can't see how this relates to how fiber is laid out in Europe and
Indeed.  But the point is that things tend _not_ to be optimized at the
macro level; what happens is the opposite, micro-optimization around the
results of previous decisions (some of which will have been just plain
wrong).  Roman engineers built roads a couple of thousand years ago,
optimizing things according to then-current theories and strategies.  We
lay down rivers of fiber along those roads, reenforcing those ancient
decisions, because the cost of reversing those ancient decisions, and all
of the incalculable number of micro-decisions that followed, would be
truly enormous.
You can see the same pattern working itself out now.  A group of Japanese
banks invested in a building in Docklands, Telehouse, to act as a backup
facility in case of a disaster in the City of London.  This turned out to
be a loser, in financial terms.  The Japanese had misjudged the market
demand for this kind of facility.
Some telcos had put a few racks in the building.  The first UK ISPs
followed them there, because the facility was cheap.  More ISPs followed.
Some decided to build an exchange point there, the LINX, following
somewhat misunderstood US models.  Things mushroomed; the building, which
had been quiet and empty, rapidly filled up with racks.  The owners built
another building across the street; investors built competing facilities a
short distance away, to be close to the action. All of these were
interconnected with more and more fiber.
The end result is that most UK Internet traffic, and a large part of
European traffic, passes through what used to be a more or less derelict
area of East London, all because of a planning error on the part of some
Tokyo-based banks.
Not at all.  Everywhere we see the same pattern of pearl-like growth:
someone makes a decision, and those that follow build around the first
decision, micro-optimizing as they go along, creating the odd fractal
shapes that are all around us.
This isn't physics.  It's much more like biology.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-04-11 00:29:11
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
A "tree" as the term is used in mathematics and computer science has a
single root.  A continuum has an infinite number of points in it.  A grid
... none of these terms has anything much to do with one another.
I don't know why you introduce hypergrids.  But you might consult a
mathematical dictionary - the term seems irrelevant to the current
"The geometry on Earth surface is anything but whatever"?  Sorry,
this makes no sense.  However, a geodesic remains a path of minimal
length in the geometry under consideration.  Or so it was when I last
did some reading in finite dimensional metric spaces.
As the term is normally used, "peering" is the settlement-free exchange of
trafic between autonomous systems (ASNs). "Settlement-free" means that no
consideration ($$$) is paid.  This has bugger all to do with cabling.
Peering arrangements generally involve legal departments, and rarely
change once inked.
In the real world, peering policies normally reflect a mixture of common
sense and total misunderstanding of what the Internet is about.  Some
networks just peer with anyone; some have incredibly detailed contracts
and involve months of negotiation.
When senior management is involved, they quite often have a telco
background, and think that peering has something to do with SS7. That is,
they try to insist that the Internet is really just the same as the voice
telephone network, and BGP4 is SS7.  The results are often comic.
What do you think "nexus" means??
Conventional definition:

@_date: 2004-04-11 09:49:55
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies - the 
Let me give you a hint: a tree is an acyclic graph.
The Internet shown in Eugen's pretty pictures is defined by BGP4 peerings
between autonomous systems.  It is highly cyclic, because everyone wants
it that way.
As a network, a tree is a delicate structure: any break in links fragments
the network.
Network engineers spend a lot of time making sure that their networks, and
the Internet, are not trees.  Multiple peering and transit relationships
make the network robust - and cyclic.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-04-11 20:51:40
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
If you want to participate in technical discussions, discipline yourself
to use the relevant language correctly.
The word "tree" is commonly used in this business.  It has a precise
meaning.  It refers to an acyclic graph with a single root.
The term is used because most or all trees in the region where the English
language originated are shaped just like that: they have a single trunk
which forks into branches which may themselves fork and so on.  These
branches do not connect back to one another.
The Internet doesn't resemble a tree at all.  It is characterized by many
cross-connections, which form cycles.  These are introduced deliberately
by network engineers, because tree-like networks are unreliable.  That is,
when a network engineer sees a tree, his immediate response tends to be to
fix the tree by adding cross-connections.  If you don't have any cross-
connects, then any network failure causes loss of connectivity, a very
Bad Thing.
I learned how to parse English a long time ago. That is not a sentence in
English.  I have no idea of what you meant to say.
Yep.  Most would describe the view as three dimensional.  3 is a finite
number.  Is there a metric?  Certainly.  The one worked out by Descartes
a long time ago will do, the distance between two points in Cartesian
When I did a course in finite dimensional metric spaces, most of the
initial examples were in three dimensional geometries, like what you
see when you look out the window.  After a while we progressed to
things like distortions in space-time AKA gravity.
I don't believe that I have ever met a ship captain or pilot who knew what
the term "geodesic" meant.  (Mind you, I never asked.) It's a term used in
mathematics and physics.  Given a metric on a space, if the length of a
path between two points is minimal, that path is a geodesic.  In Euclidean
geometry, it's a straight line.  On the surface of a sphere, it's a
segment of a great circle.
I spent more than seven years running an ISP and in that time set up
over 100 peering relationships.  Throughout that time I never heard anyone
refer to anything as a "nexus".
The term _is_ used by marketing types when they are getting rhapsodic.
And I have heard it used in political discussions.  And in poetry.
On the other hand, peered traffic is often exchanged between networks
(ASNs) at several different points; these might be thousands of miles
apart.  Google on BGP and MED.
You may not like legal departments, but this is irrelevant to common
practice on the Internet.  Peering agreements are legal documents.
Most companies have them drawn up by lawyers and they are very rarely
changed.  (Exceptions? People in the business might remember Agis and
Computers are pretty useless in negotiating peering.  It usually
involves friendly chats over the telephone, sometimes a beer down
at the pub.
Introducing standard term that you insist be misinterpreted according to
your peculiar practice can also waste a great deal of time.  It makes more
sense to use terms in the normal way and spend your time and energy
arguing real issues.
I think that your argument was that telecommunications is moving towards a
future in which traffic will be evenly distributed over the earth's
surface because this is optimal, because a uniform distribution is
dictated by physics.
I think that you are quite wrong in this, but the argument regarding
substance got lost in your insistence that words be used oddly.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-04-12 18:41:14
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
Someone comes to me and says: "the Internet is a tree".  Then he points me
at a graph of inter-AS (Autonomous System) connections to illustrate his
point.  That graph includes all of those seemingly redundant connections
that make it _not_ a tree.  These seemingly redundant connections are in
fact a high proportion of all connections.  That is to say, the graph is
accurate and his statement wasn't.
You can see the Internet in many ways.  You can run a single traceroute
and see it as a line.  You can ping broadcast on your LAN and see it as a
chorus line.
If you understand what you are looking at, you can run traceroutes and see
stable rings: hot potato routing at work, where the packets go out one way
and come back another.
Then again, I have spoken to hundreds? thousands? of people who think that
the Internet _is_ the World Wide Web.
You don't understand and you are quite wrong.
If one AS has more than one link to another AS, there are often very good
reasons for it, and both links are used.  If network A peers with network
B in both Paris and New York, both will generally dump traffic for the
other network at the nearest connection. Why?  Well, on the one hand,
there is no reason to carry packets originating in Paris and destined for
a host in Paris all the way to New York.  On the other hand, many or most
networks employ hot potato routing, meaning that if network A picks up a
packet for network B in Paris, it dumps it on network B as soon as it can,
to minimize costs, wherever the destination might be.  Some networks,
concerned with quality of service, adopt the opposite strategy, and carry
packets as far as possible within their own network.
I don't think that you have any evidence for this assertion about what
characterizes 'most' backup agreements.  I do know that most networks
regard this sort of statistical information as highly confidential.
The world is more complicated than this.  Much more.
There are tens of thousands of machines on the Internet that don't have
a default gateway.
Machines that participate in backbone routing have multiple connections
and aren't the root of a tree in any normal sense of the word.  There is
no parent-child relationship between such routers: they are peers.
These peers participate in a highly complex graph which dances
continuously.  The result is that routing has a large stochastic
component: if you can understand what you are looking at, you often see
traceroutes involving packets jumping sometimes one way, sometimes
To make things even more difficult to understand, an increasing amount of
traffic flows through MPLS tunnels, which are invisible to traceroutes.
This just isn't true.  Hot potato routing is the most easily understood
example: traffic goes out one way and back another.  It does this because
the ASs involved have set their policy that way.
Backbone routers have lots of knobs to configure traffic flow.  Some of
these allow you to throttle it, some allow you to split flows according to
traffic type, some allow to to split flows statistically, some allow you
to drop packets statistically.  And some allow you to ignore pings and
traceroutes ;-)
Sorry.  I have spent too many long hours probing the Internet from
single hosts to accept this.  If you understand what you are looking
at, you see something much more complicated than a tree.
There are different types of trees.  Most discussions of 'trees' are
about rooted trees, which are directed acyclic graphs with one and only
one root.  However, all trees are acyclic.  The Internet isn't.
Of course, most of this discussion revolves around one word: "is". If you
said "the Internet _can be seen_ as a tree", few would disagree with you,
especially if you allowed for the fact that that tree is continuously
changing its shape.  But "the Internet _is_ a tree"?  That's simply an
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-04-28 08:48:47
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Multiple copies of messages 
Three copies of your message received so far.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-01-06 20:30:03
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Engineers in U.S. vs. India  
"Today, Bangalore stands ahead of Bay Area, San Francisco and California,
with a lead of 20,000 techies, while employing a total number of 1.5 lakh
ek lakh = 100,000
I am sure that there are a lot of good engineers in India.
However, the educational system has to be seen to be fully appreciated.
When my wife and I last travelled in north India, admittedly quite some
time ago, what began as a riot at the University of Lucknow -- students
protesting over invigilation of exams, I believe -- escalated into a
conflict that eventually involved the armed police on the one hand and the
military on the other.  The university campus was destroyed, burned down.
I spent several months in Calcutta over a couple of years.  During at
least one visit there were riots at the university; the papers reported
bodies hanging from trees.  Many had been shot.  Same story: students
protested because they were stopped from openly exchanging papers,
consulting books, or just chatting with friends during examinations.
Many were also angry because invigilators were actually checking the
identities of those writing the exam papers.
The going rate for a degree at the time was several hundred dollars.
Knowledge of the subject was not much relevant.
Such education as occurred largely involved rote learning, often based
on texts many years out of date.
No telling what this actually means, given that a large percentage of
doctoral candidates are foreign.  It is becoming much harder for foreign
students to get into the US, so many are going to universities in Europe.
This change has occurred in the last five years -- more precisely, since
My impression is that India has a few excellent institutions and a vast
number of unbelievably bad schools.  It seems likely that the flow of
money into Bangalore and a few other centers will gradually improve this
situation, but it is likely to take decades, and per-capita convergence
with the US and Europe seems unlikely within the century.
While 1.5 lakh (150,000) engineers may sound like a lot, you have to bear
in mind that there are about 100 crore (1 billion) people in India.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-01-07 14:10:55
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Engineers in U.S. vs. India  
Meaning that 150,000 engineers are employed in Bangalore?  Does this
include software engineers, HTML coders, programmers, computer scientists?
Does it include say railway engineers, truck mechanics, the guy who fixes
your air conditioning?
The term 'engineer' is far from precise; in the UK most people who work
with tools can be called engineers but people who write software generally
are NOT called engineers. There are further complications: for example, in
certain parts of the United States (Texas comes to mind), you cannot
describe yourself as an engineer without being certified as such by the
state.  You can be a mechanical or civil engineer, but not a software
engineer, because there is no relevant test.  One of the consequences of
this is that Texas vastly undercounts its engineers.
The civil/mechanical/etc engineers have lobbied successfully for such
restrictions on the use of the job title in other states (and Canada?).
There are frequent articles in ACM journals complaining about this; people
who have been software engineers for decades are breaking the law if they
describe themselves as such in Texas.
In the same vein, what does 'techie' mean in the article quoted?  When the
article says that Bangalore has a lead of 20,000 techies over California,
exactly what is this supposed to mean?
For years Japan led the world in the use of robots because they counted as
robots devices that were not counted as such in the USA and Europe, simple
pick-and-place arms. I suspect that much the same thing is going on here.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-01-07 21:05:59
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Engineers in U.S. vs. India 
Go to Jobserve and count.  I did, about a year ago.  I found 612
references in a 5-day period, as compared with 1651 for Java and 1889
for C++.
My point is not that there are no software engineers in the world, but
that the term "engineer" is often used quite loosely and means vastly
different things in different places.
The term 'software engineer' is becoming less common in the States these
days.  I have watched the job title wax and wane for more than twenty
five years.  I think that it was most fashionable in the early 1980s.
If it isn't clear, I usually describe myself as a software engineer. I
belong to the ACM ( and follow their articles discussing
software engineering as a profession with a mild interest.
You don't understand.  I have never ever heard of any school in the UK or
the United States, no matter how bad, where degrees are routinely and
rather openly sold, or where riots on campus, usually in response to
examinations, frequently involve lethal weapons and deaths.
"Unbelievably bad" means just that.
I have visited India many times and have spent at least two years there in
total.  I went there of my own free will, travelling.  And I spent enough
time in various places (at least several months each in Calcutta, Delhi,
Bombay, Madras, as well as many smaller and less well-known places) to
have a decent overall understanding of the country.
India tends to stunning extremes.  Many amazingly good mathematicians have
come out of India; my experience is that this is strongly regional, with
the best coming from Bengal in the north and then the Bangalore/
Madras/north of there region in the southeast.
But you have to see those extremes. There is nothing like stepping out of
a Calcutta coffee house, after having a wonderfully intelligent
conversation, into the appalling streets.  I think that any attempt to
describe life in Calcutta as I knew it would be met with disbelief.  Go
there.  Don't stay in a tourist hotel. It takes at least a few weeks for
your eyes to adjust, for you to take in just how very very different the
subcontinent is.  Then you might go a little mad and run away, or you
might just decide that you like the place ;-)
Yes.  This has been going on for a long long time.  Most major publishers
do it.  I used to buy cheap technical books myself in India, Hong Kong,
Japan, etc.  Although they tend to be out of date, there are often very
good buys.  I still have some on my shelves.
I am not India-bashing.  I just think that the people who are so concerned
about the threat of India wiping out the US software industry are uhm
let's say a bit unrealistic.  It might be a concern 30 years from now,
although I am skeptical even of that.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-01-08 14:06:18
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Engineers in U.S. vs. India 
Quoting your own source:
"Donald Bagart of Texas became the first professional software engineer in
the U.S. on September 4, 1998 or October 9, 1998. As of May 2002, Texas
had issued 44 professional enginering licenses for software engineers.
"The professional movement has been criticized for many reasons.
"* Licensed software engineers must learn years of physics and
chemistry to pass the exams, which is irrelevant to most software
This is exactly what the ACM gripes about.  In order to use the title
"engineer" in the Great State of Texas you have to pass examinations
relevant to classical engineering (civil, mechanical, etc) but wholly
irrelevant to software engineering.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-01-09 13:23:44
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Current Operational Nodes? 
I have had similar experience.
Yes, preferably one with spam filters.
Sounds good.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-07-26 14:29:23
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: "Terror in the Skies, Again?" 
The article was reprinted in the News Review section of yesterday's
Sunday Times (which Americans seem to prefer calling "the London
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-06-29 19:02:50
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: SciAm: The Mystery of the Voynich Manuscript 
Arabic (my transliteration of what I was taught, may actually be Dari):
  "lah ilahah ilahlah muhammed ur rasul allah"
(There is but one God and Muhammaed is his prophet.)
English, Gertrude Stein: "a rose is a rose is a rose".  7,320 hits on
Google, some with more roses.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2004-11-26 16:07:59
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
An afghani is a unit of currency, worth much less than a penny.
The people who live there are Afghans or Afghanistanis or just Afs.
I know it's a trivial point, but for those of us who have actually
spent some time there -- and to the Afghans, of course -- it grates.
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
                       Java unit test coverage
         p2p communications infrastructure

@_date: 2005-04-28 14:39:14
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: EncFS 
There was nothing "below".
Jim Dixon  jdd at dixons.org   tel +44 117 982 0786  mobile +44 797 373 7881
         p2p communications infrastructure
