
@_date: 1995-10-09 12:52:30
@_author: J.E. Davidow 
@_subject: PC disk wipe software 
On  9 Oct 95 at 13:59, dmandl at panix.com wrote regarding Re: PC disk wipe software:
There are several file, directory and/or disk erasing utilities on the web and commercial area today. Shred is located on WEB in some of the Simtel Libraries. It will not only delete the file from the directory, but it writes zeros over the data itself, including all of the fragments left at the end of the file's cluster. It also will write over the free space left on the disk as well. It performs this operation only once per execution.
Another "wipe" software is "Real Deal.zip".  It's virtue is that is writes a series of patterns to the disk depending upon the level of security you request. It can remain memory resident, intercepting all DOS delete requests and write over at least 5 times with different patterns the data your deleting. Watch how much longer a delete takes if your at the" Real Dewd" level. There are a couple of utilities from Norton, etc. that will perform a higher level of wiping. Including the entire disk, directories, etc. The will write several more times that either RealDeal.zip (Real Delete) or Shred. The last time I saw, the government 'standard' for "wiping" its own sensitive data was at least fifteen times  with different patterns. How secure your erased disk will stand up to a concerted effort by law enforcement, NSA or someone truly looking for what's on your disk remains questionable at best. But to the average person both Shred or RealDeal is good enough to keep your wife's attorney, your roommate, co-worker or your girl friend out of your personal communique's.
Remember too,  that word processors and other software write all over you disk and that its' probable that fragments of data that you wish to delete are attached to or in other files. J.E. Davidow
jed at interaccess.com
Signed JEDKEY.asc
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
