
@_date: 2000-11-14 13:44:32
@_author: Jim Sager 
@_subject: CDR: I'm not after your money, only your trust 
Do you have a dream?  Are you living it?  If not do you want to?
* Way to many people in this world have given up on their dream.  They are frustrated with the results they are getting from their J.O.B. and are searching for SOMETHING to rekindle their spirit,
and give their life meaning once again.
Do you have a dream?  Are you living it?  If not would you like to? Do you constantly ask yourself these questions?  1. Why does it seem there is always too much month left at the end of the money?
2. Why do I have to live paycheck to paycheck?
3. Why is it such a struggle week after week just to survive?
4. What will I do if suddenly there is no more J.O.B.?
5. Isn't there a better way to make a Living?
If you have answered yes to any of these you are not living your
dream but rather your nightmare.  I am an entrepreneur involved with a company that is rewriting the pages of history, and at the same time rewriting the legacy of many people's
lives.  YOU could be one of those people, all you have to do is reach for it. If you were to read some of the bookful of testomonials that exist for this opportunity, you would not hesitate one microsecond, you would join immediately. How do I know that? Because this company has touched so many lives in such a positive manner that they will never be equaled by any other company,,,,,,,,, ever! Rekindle your spirit, and revive your dream.  * Be apart of the fastest growing leg of this company.
 What type of people are involved?  Doctors, Lawyers, Dentists, Phd's,  Scientists and Engineers, among others.  There are no dummies here,  people that have a brain are involved.  I hope that makes you wonder why,  'cause it shows that you have a brain as well.   If you haven't guessed, I am excited!!!  But you owe it to yourself to  be just as excited, so don't pass on  this.  EMAIL ME BACK with MORE INFO in the Subject and I'll provide more detail on the opportunity of a lifetime.   If you would like to be removed from my list Please reply and type
REMOVE in the subject area.
