
@_date: 1994-03-26 09:55:17
@_author: Jerod Tufte 
@_subject: cfp '94 transcript 
some interesting stuff form CFP 94 talk Who Holds the Keys?
check out what Stuart Baker ( NSA general counsel) says on clipper.
we thought you would like it. Jerod Tufte, Eric Hughes, Fen Labalme, and others
                          Transcript of
          DATA ENCRYPTION:  WHO HOLDS THE KEYS? (Panel)
   at the Fourth Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy
                Chicago, Illinois, March 24, 1994
This is a verbatim transcript of the session on "Data Encryption;
Who Holds the Keys?" held at the Fourth Conference on Computers,
Freedom and Privacy in Chicago on March 24, 1994.  The
transcription was done by an independent local transcription
agency.  Light editing was done by CFP volunteers to resolve items
the agency could not be expected to have knowledge of (for example,
"technical" terms like "PGP").  "Did X *really* say U?" questions
can always be resolved by listening to the audiotape available as
tape JM414 from Teach'Em, 160 East Illinois St, Chicago, IL 60611,
1-800-225-3775, for $10 + $1 ($2 outside US) shipping and handling
+ 8.75% sales tax.
                              Welcome to this program from the John
Marshall Law School's fourth conference on computers, freedom and
privacy entitled, "Cyberspace Superhighways:  Access, Ethics & Control", held March 23rd through the 26th, 1994 at the Chicago
Palmer House Hilton.
                              On this cassette you will hear Data
Encrytion -- who holds the keys?  Now to our program.
BOB SMITH                     Willis Ware originally had been
slated to being moderator for this panel and Willis had a problem
and could not be with us and Robert Ellis Smith has agreed to fill
in and use his technology background to fill in for Willis.  It
will take just a minute while we disengage from the T.V. hookup and
get back to the modern overhead projector.                                My name is Bob Smith.  I publish
privacy journal and actually I am moderating because Dave Banisar
did not want to be moderator.  We will hear from the three
panelists with about three ten-minute presentations and then we
will open it up to questions.
                              The three ground rules for this
session:  First, there will be no expansions of the metaphor of
highways.  We will not talk about highway metaphors for the next
hour.  Secondly, we will not accept as a defense that this issue is
too sensitive or too complicated for us to understand and that we
have to trust the government.  And thirdly, a rule that I hope you
will make work.  If you hear a point of jargon or a point of
technology that you don't understand,  explanation -- not policy
disputes but if there is something you don't understand feel free
to raise your hand as a point of order.  And if you can say it in
ten words or less like, I don't understand, we'll get you an
                              I think Senator Leahy provided a good
primer for cryptography and so I won't bother with that and we'll
get right into the nuts and bolts of this issue.
                              Our speakers are George Davida, who
is with the University of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and has been
involved in cryptography research for many years and was one of the
first academicians to feel the heavy hand of government in the
1980's in its effort to try to curtail research into cryptography. That appears to be happening again in the 1990's so perhaps
Professor Davida can tell us something about his experiences
earlier on that same front.
                              Our second speaker will be Stuart
Baker, who is General Counsel of the National Security Agency.  He
was a lawyer in private practice in Washington before joining NSA
and one of the things he promised to do is to tell us exactly what
NSA does and is because a lot of people don't know.  It is
different from the National Security Council by the way.
                              Thirdly, our third speaker will be
David Banisar who is the Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility office in Washington.  He is trained as a lawyer and
has a background in computer science and has some strong feelings
about the cryptography debate.
                              We will now move to Professor Davida.
PROFESSOR DAVIDA              I would like to talk about two issues
that concern me and I believe a number of people here.  By the way,
I brought some copies of my paper in case you need one today.  And
if I don't have enough you can always write to me at that address. And I am also willing to put that on FTP for those of you who are
on Internet and you can pick up a poster file and print it if you
so wish.
                              As Robert said, in 1978 I had an
interesting experience with NFA.  I was doing research at the time
in cryptograhy and one day I received a secrecy order by mail.  It
was more or less like a postcard telling me that under the penalty
of three years in jail and $10,000 fine I am to talk to no one
about what I had done in that paper without reference to any
classified material.                                At first my graduate student and I
laughed until we found out that it was deadly serious.  We talked
to the Chancelor about it and he said, no way because in Wisconsin
there is a strong position of academic freedom and we are not
allowed actually to conduct research that's secret.  So we decided
to resist the order and after a number of conversations between the
Chancelor and someone you might have heard about recently again,
Admiral Bobby Inman, and the then Commerce Secretary Juanita Kreps,
the order was lifted.  But not before Admiral Inman tried to
convince the Chancelor that he should acquiesce to the order and
allow us to stay, but I am happy to say that the Chancelor said
that we could not put up with the order.
                              Shortly thereafter a group was formed
by the American Council on Education called Public Cryptography
Study Group, not to be confused with Public Key Cryptosystems.  And
it is interesting that this group considered model legislation for
censorship at first.  I objected to it rather vigorously and when
the press began to get involved in covering the meetings, they then
approved what they called voluntary prior restraint.  I again
dissented from that report and the rest, as they say, is history.
                              Many people have asked, "why do you
oppose restaints?"  Very simply, that privacy is just too important
to leave it just to agencies like NSA.  I also felt that the ACE
recommendations were dangerous because they were later going to be
looked at as some kind of admission by allegedly knowledgeable
people that cryptography is an evil tool that will only be used by
terrorists and drug dealers.  And it is interesting that Senator
Leahy himself refers to the struggle of the law enforcement with
crimes -- and I assume he is talking about drug dealers and what
have you.  But someone should point out to him that they are not
using cryptography today so I don't know what the struggle is all
about.  They may be struggling against criminals -- not because of
cryptography but simply because a crime is just a major problem. I would also like to tell them that I don't think that the
intelligence agencies struggle when it comes to tapping ordinary
law abiding citizens.  They do very well, thank you.                                I also think that the realities are
very different because cryptography is extremely important for two
very critical applications.  Now so far you mostly hear about one
of them which is privacy.  But the other application that also
needs privacy work on is authenticity, or identification.  These
are two extremely critical applications of cryptography.  And what
is interesting is that the current proposals -- again, you only
hear about one of them -- actually constitute a double whammy --
because there are two proposals that are being put forth today. You only hear about Clipper but what you do not hear about as much
is the other twin monster that which is the digital signature
standard.  Basically what they are trying to do with this -- with
Clipper you lack privacy and with DSS you essentially lack the
signature, the identification schemes -- the two most important
operations/applications of cryptography.                                So what will essentially happen is
that not only can you invade privacy with digital signatures which
will be essentially the new way of identifying yourselves to an
awful lot of systems and executables.  They will actually be able
to deny your very existence if those systems are allowed to be only
government issued because it will be impossible in the systems of
the future not to use something like digital identification/
digital authentication schemes because there are no other effective
means.  You all know about the silly paper systems we use for
identifications, and even high school students know how to fake
ID's to drink.  So we will be moving toward digital signatures and
if there is only one digital signature it's essentially a proposal
to have just one government Bic pen.  That is what they would like
us to have.  One pen to sign our names with and sign our checks
with and authenticate ourselves with.
                              Now again, as I said, privacy is one
application and I have raised a number of objections to it because
it has been again portrayed as a tool of crime and criminals and
drug dealers.  But they are not the only ones who will be using
cryptography and more importantly, if we continue this policy they
will be the only ones who will have good security because we will
not have any security as to privacy.  And as that saying         goes "if you outlaw privacy, only outlaws will have privacy".  It
is very strange.  I find myself wanting to go and join
organizations like the NRA all of a sudden.  I really do.                               There is also an interesting sort of
deception here going on with this so called escrow system.  The
problem is that, how in the hell can you escrow privacy.  Go look
at the definition of escrow -- it says that something of value held
in trust is given back.  Can you give back privacy?  That is
impossible.  So I think that the very title of that is deceptive.                               Then I was amused, as some of you
might have been, with all the stories about bugging to look up a
recent case of my friend Bobby Inman again, standing in front of
television cameras saying that William Safire and Senator Dole were
conspiring to get him with the President.  And the question is,
where is he getting this kind of data?  Presumably he must because
he spent his whole life, by the way, being very careful about what
to say.  You know, I can't imagine he is saying that without having
something to back up with what he was claiming.  So when we talk
about bugging, just what do they do with all that data?  Well, I
think you have seen an example of what possibly may have been dealt
with -- data that is intercepted.
                              Again, authenticity is another area
that I think people should pay attention to.  The second most
important application of the use of identification, digital
signatures for proving who you are and yet again they are proposing
just one single big pen.  I think that these two proposals jointly
amount to what I consider a digital dragnet.  Thank you.
STUART BAKER:                 I have a friend who gives speeches a
lot and he likes to begin all his speeches by referring to country
and western songs that sum up the theme of his talk.  When he talks
about U.S./Japan trade relations, he always starts out by referring
to that classic "you got the gold mine, I got the shaft."  And I
thought about what David would have given as the country and
western song that I should probably sing here and I think in
relation to the Clipper Chip it would probably be "How can I miss
you if you won't go away?"                                There is a reason why the Clipper
Chip won't go away and what I thought I would try to do very
quickly because I only have ten minutes before the lynching begins
is talk about why Key Escrow hasn't gone away by talking about some
of the myths that are pretty prevalent about Key Escrow.  I am not
going to call it Clipper because there are a lot of products called
Clipper.  This is the internal name, not something that was used
for the public.  I don't object to people calling it Clipper but
there probably are people who have Clipper products who would
prefer that it not be called that.                               Let me see if I can put the first one
up.  [OH slide: Myth  Key escrow encryption will create a brave
new world of government, intrusion into the privacy of Americans.]
I think this is pretty -- probably the classic opening statement
about Clipper.  That this is the beginning of some kind of brave
new world in which everybody's privacy is at risk in a substantial
new way.  There is a lot of emotion behind that argument but not a
lot of fact, because if you ask yourself if everybody in the United
States used key escrow encryption and only key escrow encryption,
which is not what the Administration has proposed by any means,
what would the world look like?  Well, the world would look like
the world we live in today.  It would be possible for the
government to intercept communications subject to a variety of
legal rules that make it very dangerous to go outside those rules. And, in fact, it would be a more private world because other people
without authority would not be able to intercept and decrypt those
communications.  That is important because, in fact, there is
somebody proposing a brave new world here and it is the people who
want people to go away and to have unreadable encryption installed
on all of the communications networks in the United States.  That's
a new world and that is a world we don't understand.  We don't live
in it today.                                We don't know what it is going to be
like if criminals or terrorists or other people who are hostile to
society can use that sanctuary to communicate.  We don't know what
it is like but it probably won't be as pleasant in terms of freedom
from crime and terror as the world we live today, which is not
exactly a comforting thought.  It won't be a world in which the
government can do more than they do today.  So if you ask yourself
well, how bad is it today, that's as bad as it can get under
Clipper.                                 [OH Slide: Myth  Unbreakable
encryption is the key to our future liberty]
                              Now the response to that, that you
hear from people, well, yeah but what if the Republicans get
elected?  What if the Administration changes?  This is a guarantee. I don't want to have to rely on laws and procedures and escrow
agents.  I don't trust the escrow agents, I don't trust the courts,
I don't trust the government, I don't trust anybody.  I want to
trust my machine.                                Now that is not an uncommon way of
thinking in the parts of this community.  I said to somebody once,
this is the revenge of people who couldn't go to Woodstock because
they had too much trig homework.  It's a kind of romanticism about
privacy and the kind of, you know, "you won't get my crypto key
until you pry it from my dead cold fingers" kind of stuff.  I have
to say, you know, I kind of find it endearing.                                The problem with it is that the
beneficiaries of that sort of romanticism are going to be
predators.  PGP, you know, it is out there to protect freedom
fighters in Latvia or something.  But the fact is, the only use
that has come to the attention of law enforcement agencies is a guy
who was using PGP so the police could not tell what little boys he
had seduced over the net.  Now that's what people will use this for
