
@_date: 2006-01-01 13:23:52
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [>Htech] Montague: Synthetic Biology: A Darker Bioweapons Future 
December 31 / January 1, 2005/6
Synthetic Biology: A Darker Bioweapons Future
By PETER MONTAGUE
One of the top developments of 2005 is a kind of genetic engineering on
steroids -- a new field called "synthetic biology" in which scientists
are setting out to create new forms of life that have never existed
In "genetic engineering," natural genes from one species are inserted by
force into a different species, hoping to transfer the properties or
characteristics of one species into another. Trout can live in cold
water, so maybe a trout gene blasted into a tomato will help tomatoes
withstand cold weather. The limitation on this system is the
characteristics that nature has built into the genes of species.
Now scientists have overcome that limitation. They are learning to
develop entirely new species, new forms of life. Awareness of this new
scientific specialty -- called "synthetic biology" -- began to appear in
the press in 2005.
The construction of living things from raw chemicals was first
demonstrated in 2002 when scientists created a polio virus from scratch.
They found the polio virus genome on the internet, and within 2 years
had created a virus from raw chemicals. The synthetic virus could
reproduce and, when injected into mice, paralyzed them just as a natural
polio virus would do. They said they chose the polio virus to
demonstrate what a bioterrorist could accomplish.
"It is a little sobering to see that folks in the chemistry laboratory
can basically create a virus from scratch," James LeDuc of the federal
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, said at the time.
A year later, in 2003 Craig Venter and colleagues at the Institute for
Biological Energy Alternatives in Rockville, Md., took only 3 weeks to
create a virus from scratch.
Later that same year the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) published a
short paper called "The Darker Bioweapons Future," reporting the
conclusions of a panel of life science experts convened by the National
Academy of Sciences. The CIA paper said, in part, "The effects of some
of these engineered biological agents could be worse than any disease
known to man." And the CIA said, "The same science that may cure some of
our worst diseases could be used to create the world's most frightening
weapons." The CIA offered one example: "For example, one panelist cited
the possibility of a stealth virus attack that could cripple a large
portion of people in their forties with severe arthritis, concealing its
hostile origin and leaving a country with massive health and economic
Nature magazine -- England's most prestigious science journal -- said in
2004 that synthetic biology "carries potential dangers that could
eclipse the concerns already raised about genetic engineering and
Last month, the British journal New Scientist said in an editorial, "Let
us hope that tomorrow's terrorists don't include people with PhDs in
molecular genetics." The editorial went on to explain why the technology
cannot regulated: "The underlying technology has already proliferated
worldwide, and some gene-synthesis companies that are ostensibly based
in the west are thought to manufacture their DNA in China and other
countries in the far east where skilled labour is cheap."
The editorial was written in response to an investigation conducted by
the editors of New Scientist. They wondered if they could special- order
DNA over the internet and have it shipped to them by mail (which the
Brits call "post," not mail). Their report is titled, "The bioweapon is
in the post," and they concluded that it would be doable, and that
commerce in such things would be difficult -- or impossible -- to
control. "But with gene synthesis firms springing up all over the world,
and the underlying technology becoming cheaper and more widely
available, it is unclear whether regulations enacted in any one country
will be enough."
"It's going to be virtually impossible to control," predicts David
Magnus of the Stanford Center for Biomedical Ethics.
The New Scientist editorial ends by saying, "If there ever was a case
for scientists around the world to engage in sensible self-regulation
before a nightmare becomes reality, this is it."
Unfortunately, scientists are ill-equipped by their training to grapple
with the ethical and moral dimensions of their work. Scientists have no
equivalent of the Hippocratic Oath -- "First do no harm" -- that guides
the behavior of physicians. The Hippocratic oath counsels restraint,
humility, and caution. In science, on the other hand, wherever your
curiosity takes you is the right place to go, even if it takes you into
"a darker bioweapons future."
Small wonder that so many people have lost faith in science, scientific
progress, and the promise of America. As the editors of Nature said in
2004, "Controversies over genetically engineered crops and embryo
research are leading people to question how carefully scientists
consider the possible consequences of their work before barreling ahead.
This is no small concern for science, as it has already led to
But of course it isn't just scientists who are responsible for speeding
the deployment of ill-considered technologies onto the world market. The
underlying engine for all this reckless behavior is an economic system
that requires economic growth year after year.
Our society has grown dependent upon economic growth for achieving
"liberty and justice for all." You say your slice of the pie is
unacceptably small and you're having to sleep under a bridge? Don't
worry -- economic growth will make the whole pie larger, so your tiny
slice will grow too. Thus domestic tranquility, justice, fairness, and
fulfilling the promise of America are all dependent upon economic
growth. We don't have any other widely-approved way to distribute the
benefits of the economy, except through economic growth. We have
forgotten the alternative, which is sharing.
But decade after decade since World War II, economic growth rates have
been stagnant or declining, not just in the U.S. but throughout the
"developed" world.
Slow growth derives from at least two sources -- productive capacity
exceeds consumer demand and we have a glut of capital, so it is getting
harder to find good investments.
These two features of the modern economy force investors to constantly
search for "the next big thing" -- in hopes of returning to historical
rates of return on investment. As a consequence, corporations (which
have limited liability, by law) engage in reckless behavior -- including
behavior that may threaten the well being of everyone. They create new
biotech crops and deploy them across the nation's agricultural landscape
before thorough tests have been completed. They put nano particles into
baby lotion before they have any idea whether the nano particles can
penetrate a baby's skin, and before they have asked where those nano
particle will go after they are thrown out with the bath water.
So now we have synthetic biology -- the "next big thing" -- genetic
engineering on steroids -- the manufacture of living organisms unlike
any that have appeared on earth before. Investors are lining up to
support new firms that are willing to sell the building blocks of new
forms of life to anyone who can come up with a few hundred thousand
dollars. This may in fact produce the next big thing, but it may not be
quite the thing investors are hoping for.
Until we devise a steady-state economy that does not require perpetual
growth, investors will keep us on this awful "next big thing" merry-
go-round, our quality of life continually threatened anew by the ill-
considered products and unanticipated by-products of feral science.
Peter Montague is editor of the indispensable Rachel's Health and
Democracy, where this essay originally appeared. He can be reached at:
peter at rachel.org
Post message: transhumantech at yahoogroups.com
Subscribe:    transhumantech-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
Unsubscribe:  transhumantech-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
List owner:   transhumantech-owner at yahoogroups.com
List home:    Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
    <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    transhumantech-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
    Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2012-02-02 19:23:36
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [tp] Drones for Human Rights! 
January 30, 2012
Drones for Human Rights
By ANDREW STOBO SNIDERMAN and MARK HANIS
DRONES are not just for firing missiles in Pakistan. In Iraq, the State Department is using them to watch for threats to Americans. It's time we used the revolution in military affairs to serve human rights advocacy.
With drones, we could take clear pictures and videos of human rights abuses, and we could start with Syria.
The need there is even more urgent now, because the Arab League's observers suspended operations last week.
They fled the very violence they were trying to monitor. Drones could replace them, and could even go to some places the observers, who were escorted and restricted by the government, could not see. This we know: the Syrian government isn't just fighting rebels, as it claims; it is shooting unarmed protesters, and has been doing so for months. Despite a ban on news media, much of the violence is being caught on camera by ubiquitous cellphones. The footage is shaky and the images grainy, but still they make us YouTube witnesses.
Imagine if we could watch in high definition with a bird's-eye view. A drone would let us count demonstrators, gun barrels and pools of blood. And the evidence could be broadcast for a global audience, including diplomats at the United Nations and prosecutors at the International Criminal Court.
Drones are increasingly small, affordable and available to nonmilitary buyers. For hundreds of thousands of dollars - no longer many millions - a surveillance drone could be flying over protests and clashes in Syria.
An environmental group, the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, has reported that it is using drones to monitor illegal Japanese whaling in the waters of the Southern Hemisphere. In the past few years, human-rights groups and the actor and activist George Clooney, among others, have purchased satellite imagery of conflict zones. Drones can see even more clearly, and broadcast in real time.
We could record the repression in Syria with unprecedented precision and scope. The better the evidence, the clearer the crimes, the higher the likelihood that the world would become as outraged as it should be.
This sounds a lot like surveillance, and it would be. It would violate Syrian airspace, and perhaps a number of Syrian and international laws. It isn't the kind of thing nongovernmental organizations usually do. But it is very different from what governments and armies do. Yes, we (like them) have an agenda, but ours is transparent: human rights. We have a duty, recognized internationally, to monitor governments that massacre their own people in large numbers. Human rights organizations have always done this. Why not get drones to assist the good work?
It may be illegal in the Syrian government's eyes, but supporting Nelson Mandela in South Africa was deemed illegal during the apartheid era. To fly over Syria's territory may violate official norms of international relations, but governments do this when they support opposition groups with weapons, money or intelligence, as NATO countries did recently in Libya. In any event, violations of Syrian sovereignty would be the direct consequence of the Syrian state's brutality, not the imperialism of outsiders.
There are some obvious risks and downsides to the drone approach. The Syrian government would undoubtedly seize the opportunity to blame a foreign conspiracy for its troubles. Local operators of the drones could be at risk, though a higher-end drone could be controlled from a remote location or a neighboring country.
Such considerations figured in conversations we have had with human rights organizations that considered hiring drones in Syria, but opted in the end for supplying protesters with phones, satellite modems and safe houses. For nearly a year now, brave amateurs with their tiny cameras arguably have been doing the trick in Syria. In those circumstances, the value that a drone could add might not be worth the investment and risks.
Even if humanitarian drones are not used in Syria, they should assume their place in the arsenal of human rights advocates. It is a precedent worth setting, especially in situations where evidence of large-scale human rights violations is hard to come by.
Drones can reach places and see things cell phones cannot. Social media did not document the worst of the genocide in the remote villages of Darfur in 2003 and 2004. Camera-toting protesters could not enter the fields where 8,000 men and boys were massacred in Srebrenica in 1995. Graphic and detailed evidence of crimes against humanity does not guarantee a just response, but it helps.
If human rights organizations can spy on evil, they should.
Andrew Stobo Sniderman and Mark Hanis are co-founders of the Genocide Intervention Network.

@_date: 2013-04-10 15:36:35
@_author: Hughes, James J. 
@_subject: [tp] Anti-government extremist groups reach record levels in the US 
Anti-government extremist groups reach record levels, say experts
By Callie Carmichael, CNN
March 6, 2013
[Watch this video]
SPLC: Extremists on the rise in America
(CNN) -- The number of American "patriot" extremist groups has reached a record level, according to a new study, and experts are warning of a wave of anti-government violence.
A report released Tuesday by the Southern Poverty Law Centercounted 1,360 "patriot" extremist groups in 2012 -- up by 7% from 2011. The study defines patriot groups as anti-government militias driven by their fear that authorities will strip them of their guns and liberties.
"They believe the Constitution is being raped. With hate groups, things are going to get worse because they feel like they're in battle," said David Gletty a former FBI informant who spent time undercover with various militia and extremist groups. "It's not surprising with their hatred of President (Barack) Obama that there are even more hate groups out there."
The study said California has the most patriot extremist groups, with 81.
['Patriot' groups 1995-2012 (click to expand)]
The SPLC report also offers a bit of good news: The number of "immigrant-bashing" extremist groups -- so-called nativism organizations -- is way down from 2011, falling by 88%.
Related: Oberlin College cancels classes to address racial incidents
The new statistics come after a string of crimes linked to extremist groups. A year ago, a Michigan militia leader and his son pleaded guilty  to federal gun charges. Last August, a 40-year-old ex-soldier-turned singer for a white supremacist rock band shot up aSikh temple in Oak Creek, Wisconsin,  killing six people, before taking his own life. A few weeks later, a group of Georgia men was linked to an anti-government militia plot to assassinate Obama.
Obama's election as the first African-American president and his pro-gun control stance have fueled the increase in anti-government groups, according to the report.
"We are seeing a huge reaction to the potential for gun control, and that reaction is so angry that it's hard not to be afraid of what's coming down the road," said Mark Potok of the SPLC.
Domestic terror: Are we doing enough?
The rise in such groups echoes a period almost 20 years ago, around the time when Congress passed the 1993 Brady Bill and the 1994 ban on assault weapons, the SPLC said. That legislation came near a period of infamous and deadly anti-government violence in Waco, Texas; Ruby Ridge, Idaho; and Oklahoma City, "and led to the first wave of the patriot movement," the report said.
Extremists, Gletty warned, "are in a battle in their minds. Their backs are against the wall."
But Jesse Walker, of the Reason Foundation and author of an upcoming book, "The United States of Paranoia: A Conspiracy Theory," said counting groups isn't a good way to measure the threat. "It's dubious to assume growth in numbers is related to violence."
Also, the center's definition of hate groups has changed in the past year, kicking up a controversy. Critics accused the group of unfairly bundling together organizations with vastly different points of view -- and painting them all as potentially violent.
For example a North Carolina-based group calling itself "Granny Warriors" appears on the SPLC list of active "patriots."
But founder Linda Hunnicutt says her organization is harmless.
"I am deadly!" she joked. "I'm 74 years old. I have COPD. I have congestive heart failure. I'm sewing a quilt."
Hunnicutt acknowledges she's no friend of the federal government, but, she wishes no harm on anyone.
"All these people that want to bomb places and kill children, come on," she said. "Who would be in sympathy with them?"
Hunnicutt said she and her group just want Uncle Sam to leave them alone. When Granny Warriors showed up on the SPLC list, Hunnicutt said she wasn't surprised. But it made her wonder, "Is this all they have to do?"
Nonetheless, Hunnicutt's thankful to be on the list because she said it increases her group's notoriety.
Fringe elements
Gletty said most of the fringe elements characterized in the report hate the government more than they do specific races. They hate everyone, Gletty said.
Now a private investigator, Gletty spent years undercover as an FBI informant watching the internal workings of white supremacist groups.
The groups named in the SPLC study came from information compiled from "field reports, Patriot publications, the Internet, law enforcement sources and news reports."
Other highlights of the report include:
