
@_date: 1995-12-02 10:41:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Got a subpoena?" 
Okay, maybe with your qualifications you can answer this.  It has always
mystified me why "the authorities" think they can engage in wiretapping
without informing the person wiretapped that this has occurred, despite the
fact that there was apparently never any precedent for this practice before
the "wiretap era."
In addition, I would like to be able to figure out a method to allow the
de-facto disclosure of such activities, and to in fact force the phone
company to do so, if they are asked to tap my or anyone else's phone.  It
occurred to me that even if there was a prohibition on explicitly revealing
that such a tap exists, it should be possible to require the telephone
company to certify that no tap exists, and to require that this
certification will be followed by an explicit and immediate de-certification
message the moment the phone company is unable to maintain such
certification.  The receipt of such a letter/fax/email will indicate that a
tap has been placed, despite the fact that it will not say so.

@_date: 1995-12-03 23:11:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Got a subpoena?" 
"are authorized"?  You mean, NOT REQUIRED, but merely "authorized"?  In any case, this doesn't explain why this is CONSTITUTIONAL.   I hope you understand the difference.
I realize that a phone company might not normally be expected to refuse to cooperate, but the way the thing above is written, they are merely "authorized" to do something, they are not required to do it.
Sorry, I don't think that's a satisfactory answer.  First,  it would presumably be possible to disclose the WIRETAP ORDER without explicitly disclosing the existence of the "interception" as stated above.  Admittedly it would amount to the same thing from the standpoint of the person wiretapped, but as far as I can see it would not LEGALLY be the same thing.  The letter from the phone company will state:
"We have received a wiretap order from the court listed below.  We have not YET acted on that order.  We are not disclosing the existence of any interception, and we cannot legally do that.  You are forewarned!"
Or, more coyly:
"Normally, we can reassure customers that their telephone lines are not being wiretapped by the police.  However, during the period of January 15, 1996 through January 30, 1996 we can no longer give you that assurance.  Please take care during this period."
Note that I am assuming the willingness of the phoneco to be UNCOOPERATIVE, at least according to "the spirit of the rules."  They could still cooperate according to the LETTER of the law.
Which is an excellent reason for implementing my idea, "Assassination Politics."

@_date: 1995-12-04 09:16:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Got a subpoena?" 
I would PREFER that I be able to legally obligate my service provider (and phone co) to provide only that level of cooperation which is actually, literally, legally required.  I would like to be able to know that if my service is tapped in some way, I receive a letter de-certifying the previous state of non-tapped-ness that it possessed.

@_date: 1995-12-05 23:03:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
Manufacturers of handheld ham radios have to make them for at least three markets:  Japan, US, and Europe.  Since these devices are usually based on the same LSI chip for control, customization is usually done by installing/not installing certain tiny surface-mount devices (diodes?) on the PC board, which tells the "boss MOS" which frequency band edges to work with, etc.
Getting these radios to receive or transmit "out of band" is usually a simple matter of modiying these radios by adding/removing/moving these diodes to a different position.  The instructions on how to do this custom operation are not included with the radio itself, but the information always seems to get out there, and you can buy books which show the mods for practically every such radio in existence.
Okay, the problem as I see it is that USG doesn't want to approve encryption software for export that can use "excessively long" keys, yet Netscape (and others) want to be able to sell outside the country with full-feature encryption.  I think I have a solution.
1.  Write a program with limited encryption (40 bit?), with the encryption module in a file external to the  main program.
2.  Get export approval for this program.
3.  Write a module which replaces the encryption file, increasing key size to whatever you REALLY wanted in the first place.  (128-bit IDEA, 2000-bit PGP, etc.)
4.  Ship that new module with the old software to US customers.  Naturally, that new module will "leak," so anybody who buys the old program out of the country can convert to a fully-functional version by downloading it from a foreign bbs that just happens to have it.  The module can be encrypted/signed by the manufacturer so everyone can be sure of its identity and genuineness.
Better than nothing, I suppose.

@_date: 1995-12-06 00:25:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
I'm not saying they are a "bypass" of the laws.  Rather, I'm saying that if the goal is to:
1.  Let companies like Netscape make foreign sales.
2.  Still comply with the letter of the law.
Then this would be an excellent way to achieve both those goals.  (I accept as axiomatic that if the only exportable encryption is GAKked, they're not going to be viewed seriously as a product.  A way around GAK would actually increase their profits.)
BTW, the fact that they might be "thought of" by the authorities is not going to be enough to stop them.  If the USG claims that it WILL approve GAK-ified software, it is unclear how they will decide if a given program qualifies.  Since every program of length "N" is only an XOR away from every OTHER program of length "N", modifying or disabling this software is always possible.  Remember, the reason (or, at least, one of them!) they put Clipper into a physical chip as opposed to releasing the algorithm was to prevent modifications that would subvert the algorithm.  Their decision to allow software key-escrow presumably forces them to accept certain possibilities they otherwise wanted to avoid.
If the USG tries to take the position that "any program which can be modified into another program that gets around GAK is prohibited from export," then they're going to have to stop allowing the export of pre-formatted floppy disks because they're likewise an XOR away from PGP.
So we're back to square one:  Does the USG intend to allow ANY programs to be exported?

@_date: 1995-12-06 10:57:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
NO!  You didn't read my commentary carefully enough.   These "hooks" (your words) will, in effect, already be connected to encryption software weak enough to make NSA happy.  You know, 40 bit keys or something like that. But instead of being in one large file, embedded into a program, it'll be  TWO files.  Simple programming change.  Everything that implements/defines/limits the encryption to 40 bits will be in the smaller file.  This really isn't a "hook," it's an internal connection between two portions of the same program. (actually, it wouldn't need to be in two separate files; a file which implements a patch for the first file would work great.)
It'll be exportable, because its key size is "acceptable."  At the time the export license is requested, the replacement module to increase key size probably won't even  exist, in order to avoid giving the USG an excuse to deny the export license.   After the license is obtained, the replacement module is written and shipped to domestic users.
I fully realize the USG won't "like" this kind of thing.  But if they are trying to take the position that certain kinds of encryption software CAN be exported, and some can't, they're going to have to approve SOME programs for export, using criteria which at least pretend to be objective.  In view of the nearly limitless possibility of patches, how would YOU distinguish between programs?

@_date: 1995-12-06 13:40:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
You miss the point!  There will be no "international effort"!  Here are the steps:
1.  Write a program limited to keysize, carefully constructed to isolate those portions of the program which define key size, GAKedness, etc.
2.  Get it export approved.  Export it.
3.  Announce that a "US-only" version of the same program is being released, and include the minimal component which replaces the limited software.  Release it, only in the US of course!
The system I describe doesn't even violate the spirit of the rules.  If anything, it bends over backward to implement a foreign version of the software which ALREADY is export-approved at the time it was, um, upgraded.
True, it's possible to sneak the extra component out of the country, but hey, it's also possible to sneak an entirely new program out of the country.  I'm not suggesting that the company who writes the component takes it out, it'll happen regardless.
If the order of the versions was reversed, the USG might complain that the export version was "too similar" to the domestic version.  That's why you wait for the export approval before you write the domestic version.

@_date: 1995-12-06 20:19:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
And you get the prize because YOU guessed right! Sorry if I wasn't more clear.  My premise:  Every program of length "n" bytes is simply an XOR away from
every OTHER program of length "n" bytes.  If one of those programs is the
export-allowed program and the other is the export-forbidden program, the
XOR file is the difference between them.   The "only" problem is to generate
the "XOR" file and get it out of the country.  The "getting it out of the
country" part is easy and will presumably happen because somebody not known
to the company does it.  At that point, the only problem is authentication:
This can be done easily using existing PGP digital signatures.
Obviously, only one copy of the XOR file needs to be exported, at least per
revision.  It is arguable that the export of that XOR file is illegal; so be
it.  It would be exported by an unknown person, using an unknown method, and
uploaded anonymously to a foreign server, all without the knowledge,
cooperation, or approval of the company.

@_date: 1995-12-06 21:36:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
It isn't that it's "more" likely.  It's probably JUST AS likely.  But
remember, the goal is to allow the US company to actually MAKE MONEY, not to
bootleg its products.  The system I've described would be intended to allow
a manufacturer to continue to sell its exportable product legally.

@_date: 1995-12-07 12:03:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
Okay, that was basically what I was suggesting.  A full binary difference
file wouldn't even need to have any information about the internals of the
program anyway.
Basically, what needs to be achieved is a way to allow the software
manufacturer to sell an approved product outside the country, but allow the
foreign buyer to (easily) convert it into a GOOD encryption product.  Once
that works, laws against the export of encryption are meaningless.  In fact,
the legally-exported program obviously wouldn't even need to HAVE encryption
in it at all, so it won't fall under ITAR classification, and thus won't
need any kind of export license.

@_date: 1995-12-07 14:05:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
I, on the other hand, think one of the best uses of digital cash is to
drastically reduce and eventually eliminate the whole concept of
"government."   I see payee-anonymous digital cash as being absolutely

@_date: 1995-12-08 09:50:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More FUD from First Virtual 
What can stop it?  What should stop it?
Well, maybe I haven't been following those reasons, but I see little or no
reason privacy should "inevitably carry a high surcharge."  If the relevant
encryptions had to be carried out with a pencil and a piece of paper, that
claim would make sense, but remember, we've got MICROPROCESSORS on our side!
I agree, I suppose, that there are definitely entities (read: governments)
which would WANT to prevent the use of anonymous cash, but I view them more
of an obstacle to be removed than a permanent bar.

@_date: 1995-12-09 12:07:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More FUD from First Virtual 
I find this hard (read: "impossible") to believe.  The significance of the
risk is, essentially, its magnitude multiplied by its probability.  Assuming
that its probability is reduced to an arbitrarily low value, SOMEBODY will
be willing to accept the risk in exchange for a return.  By way of
comparison, most credit card companies charge 2-3% of the value of a
transaction, which apparently the market has decided is a "reasonable" cost.
The question is, why wouldn't it be possible to raise the reliability of the
whole digital cash system simply to the point where somebody is willing to
accept the risk for, say, 0.5% of the value of each transaction, which would
be a good improvement over credit cards?
The answer, I think, it that there would be no problem finding people to
take that risk in exchange for the return, ESPECIALLY if they have some
input into the design (level of security) of the system.  They might insist
on 2048-bit RSA keys, instead of 1024-bit, for example.
However, the premium only needs to be high enough to cover the actual risk,
plus perhaps a little profit on the deal. (Even if the premium was 10x the
actual risk, or even 100x, I think it would end up costing well under 1% of
each transaction.)  Your arguments seem to only be qualitative, not quantitative.  Maybe that's
why the other guy calls them "FUD."

@_date: 1995-12-12 14:13:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NIST GAK meeting writeup, LONG part 3 of 3 
[stuff deleted]
Pardon me, but since this "key escrow" system was always claimed to be
"voluntary," then how can there be any kind of legal penalties associated
with "failure to release" those keys?
Which raises another question:  Let's suppose I owned a product based on
CKE, and I went to the escrow agent and said, "This escrow is voluntary,
right?  If so, erase my key in your possession."
Not that I'd trust them to do so, but how "voluntary" can a system be if
people can't volunteer out of it?

@_date: 1995-12-14 08:16:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blinding against Kocher's timing attacks 
One thing I haven't heard mentioned would be the possibility of using TWO
blinding factors, by two different people, to blind the unsigned cash.    As
you may know, I'm interested in payee-anonymous systems as well as
payer-anonymous ones, and such a feature might assist in this.

@_date: 1995-12-16 15:49:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NIST GAK meeting writeup, LONG part 3 of 3 
I disagree.  The issue is one that might be called "standing."  Who,
exactly, is responsible to whom in such an arrangement.  Let's suppose key
escrow (for keys for non-exported encryption devices) is REALLY VOLUNTARY.
In that case, the escrow agent's only legal  responsibility is to the owner
of the encryption device.  The government isn't a party to this voluntary
arrangement, and thus hasn't a complaint if the escrow agent refuses to comply.
I could, for example, enter into a voluntary arrangement with an escrow
agent so that he would be obligated to erase the key no more nor less than 5
days after he received it.  If he  did so 1 day after, and I needed the key,
he would have breached his obligation to ME, but not to the government.
Likewise, if he failed to erase the key, he would likewise be breaching his
agreement with me.
Unfortunately, I think you've fallen into the too-common trap of assuming
that the government can insist, unilaterally, on people's behavior even
absent laws which specifically require or prohibit specific performance.  But you haven't established that an "escrow agent" has any duty to the
It _is_ less voluntary, because it interferes with my right to escrow my key
with an organization that is willing to take the dispute to arbitrary levels
of uncooperativeness with the government.  I might insist, for example, that
the organization only store the key outside the country (beyond the reach of
US Courts) and require MY PERMISSION for them to release it to the
government.  I might also insist that they further encode the key so that
only an independent foreign organization (out of reach of US courts) could
provide the key to decrypt it.
If key escrow is REALLY REALLY REALLY "voluntary", then such arbitrary
restrictions should be do-able.
Yes but...
Yes, there is.  I STILL refuse to accept the idea that a "key escrow agent"
(if he's keeping a VOLUNTARILY escrowed key, one not for export) must
automatically be considered to be subject to the  whim of government orders.  Here's why you're wrong.  The government wants us to accept an arrangement
they've described as "voluntary."  (Naturally, we will refuse.)  It is
better to be able to show that we're refusing BECAUSE THEY'RE LYING about
the "voluntaryness" of the system, because that makes us appear reasonable
(which we are) and them appear unreasonable (which they are.)    Playing
along with their their assertion that the system is "voluntary" would make
it look like it is we who are being unreasonable.
So the position I'll take is this:
"You claim you are willing to accept that the system be 'voluntary.'  Okay,
the only thing I'll tolerate is one which has the maximum number of
'voluntary' aspects.  Anything less and you're lying." I'd insist, for example, on the unfettered ability to turn off the key
escrow "feature" on the telephone (with a switch on the side, labelled "Good
encryption vs. Big Brother's listening".   I'd insist on its ability to talk
to other telephones which have to corresponsing key escrow.
Etc, etc, etc.
If they resist, we can then say, "Oh, you must have been LYING about this
system being voluntary!  SO what else are you lying about?!?  I think you're
being unreasonable, so I have no intention of complying with ANY of your
requests, however reasonable they may appear to be on the surface, because I
cannot trust you!"
And _THAT_ would obviously be a reasonable position.  The key, however, is
that  we must expose the lying, and to do that we must use whatever
inconsistencies we can.  This is  not "quibbling":  It is establishing the
credibility (or lack of it) of THE ENEMY.

@_date: 1995-12-17 05:19:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NIST GAK meeting writeup, LONG part 3 of 3 
Here's the problem:  "Clipper" ALREADY isn't "voluntary," because the public
has already been forced to pay for its development via  stolen tax dollars.
At least hypothetically, the government could misuse its discretion even
further to push a Clipper-like solution, in order to skew the market against
the adoption of good encryption.  Follow me so far?  They could go as far as
to subsidize Clipper-installed telephones, making them cost &50 at your
local discount store, competitive with non-crypto phones. Okay, I presume that the  company that makes Clipper chips (VLSI Technology)
must ultimately sell them, UNPROGRAMMED, to manufacturers who are to build
those  telephones.  I see a business opportunity to act as a VOLUNTARY
escrow agent, but one that only agrees to keep the keys for the chips for
"30 feet or 30 seconds."  In other words, build (or modify) Clipper-type
telephones with chips that are ostensibly escrowed, but due to the agreement
with the end user the keys will be erased.  (Or, the keys will be kept
encrypted, unbreakably, with the "key to the key" given to the end user, who
will presumably burn it on receipt.)
What I _DON'T_ want to see happen is for the USG to be able to refuse
escrow-agent status to an organization which is actively hostile to the
concept of key escrow, an organization  which is willing to work with
end-users to thwart the USG's access  to products which (due to the fact
they were never exported) do not fall under any ITAR-type regulations.

@_date: 1995-12-17 05:50:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape announces position against GAK 
[rest of position deleted]
While this may be a reasonably good start, what I would have preferred that
you say is that if any kind of GAK system is adopted, either foreign or
domestic, you as a corporation would ENTHUSIASTICALLY do everything in your
power to  (_legally_) circumvent, undermine, sabotage, neutralize, and
counteract whatever goals the US government has with reqard to implementing
GAK. In other words, while you might stay barely within the letter of the
law, you would tirelessly exploit every possible loophole (both legal and
technical) to ensure that the government NEVER gets its way.  I feel certain that with a few imaginative lawyers and programmers (both
foreign and domestic), it should be possible to turn this into a "nightmare
scenario" for the government.

@_date: 1995-12-18 03:55:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Politics is traditionally corrupt, it appears, because donors to politicians
and political campaigns expect a quid pro quo for their donations.  Various
unsatisfactory solutions include campaign spending limits, etc.
It occurs to me that it would be a major advance if a system could be set up
that would "blind" campaign donations as to their source:  The donor could
be satisfied that his donation gets to the candidate or cause, but the
candidate couldn't know  who actually paid the money (and the donor would be
unable to prove that he made a donation, for example).  Admittedly there are
a lot of details that need to be worked out, but if this could be
accomplished it would change politics as we know it.

@_date: 1995-12-18 13:07:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Here's a question I have never heard anyone else ask (or answer!).  "What is
the purpose of a PAC?
To be more specific, a PAC simply seems to be a funnel through which
individual donations flow; why do we need a PAC?  Is it to keep records of
"who's naughty and nice"?  Any contribution that can be made by a PAC could
just as easily be made by one individual.
Which, I suggest, is better than a non-anonymous bribe.
"always"?   Are you sure about that?  It is exactly this that the system I'd propose would prevent.  I realize
that  you may not be able to imagine such a system, but that doesn't mean
that such a system could be designed.  (Before 1975, most of us would not
have been able to imagine public-key encryption, for example.)
A giver could CLAIM to make any sort of donation at all; but if the system
were properly designed he could simply be lying to the  officeholder.
Not IMMEDIATELY, perhaps, but eventually the books could be opened, perhaps
as much as years later.  (Let's say, 3 months before the end  of the term of
the politician.
And the amounts donated could withheld, with only the total donated reported
every 3 months or so.  (And perhaps only to 1 or 2 significant digits of
accuracy.)  For example, a Senator will be told on January 1, 1996, that up
until that point he's received "about" $1.4 million dollars of donations.
He would not be able to link these donations with any particular claim.
Somebody could claim to have given him "$2000" of donation, which wouldn't
even show up to the accuracy of the amount told the politician.
Further techniques could be  used to disguise the rate of giving.
Easy.  It would remove much of the reason for a politician to treat one
citizen differently from another citizen.  _EVENTUAL_ public disclosure of such information is not inconsistent with
my idea.
I don't  disagree with that assessment.  However, that does not mean that I
don't want to make life as difficult for the politicians as possible until
they are swinging from a rope.
"Prior"?  It's not "prior."  I haven't changed my previous position one bit.
Not "political reform."   Political ELIMINATION.  I want to eliminate the
entire  concept of a heirarchial government.
I repeat my previous statement.  I'm happy to see them squirm before they
are led to the gallows.  Making life as difficult as possible for them is my
goal.  Using technology to disable their normal methods of corruption would
be an excellent start.

@_date: 1995-12-18 13:26:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Well, I don't consider these two ideas mutually exclusive.  As I pointed out
to Detweiler (under his alias "Nuri") I'm happy to see the politicians
tortured before they are killed.

@_date: 1995-12-18 16:44:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Campaign Finance Reform 
It is absolutely true that you couldn't stop a person from communicating
claims of a donation to a politician.   But what you COULD do is to ensure
that the donor couldn't PROVE that he made such a donation.  In other words,
_I_ could claim that I gave $1K to Senator Sludgepump (a lie) and the good
senator would have no idea that I wasn't telling the truth.  The people who
REALLY made such donations would be helpless.
Well, I have an even better and cheaper solution to the problem of
government and politics.  At an average of $20,000 per Congressman, we could
clean up Washington for $10 million dollars.

@_date: 1995-12-18 17:08:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Yes, as I suggested a number of details would be necessary to avoid this.
Reporting only cumulative donations, occasionally over a long period of time
(once every three months, for instance), and even then only approximating
the total number would make  doing such a correlation extremely difficult.
The blinding needs only be temporary; long enough so the politician can't
act improperly on the donation, but  eventually revealed in enough time to
expose political influence before  the next election.
Besides, I have already proposed what I consider to be a _better_ method of
reforming government.  It's called "Assassination Politics."  Perhaps you've
heard of it.

@_date: 1995-12-19 13:19:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Campaign Finance Reform 
All of which raises numerous opportunities for sting operations against
politicians, done by individuals by procedures provided for under law.
Escrow (Okay, I know that's a dirty word around here, but...) an encrypted
statement of how you intend to run the sting, to be opened by the escrow
agent at some point in the future, explaining who you're going after and
how.  Make the contribution, keep evidence, and if you're successfull the
congressman goes to jail for a few years.

@_date: 1995-12-19 16:12:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
For Congress, I think this changed a few years ago.  Before a certain date,
retiring Congressmen could convert unused campaign funds to their own money.
At some point they changed the rules, and that is no longer the case.

@_date: 1995-12-19 22:00:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: cyphernomicon FTP site? 
I'm interested in this too.  I really HATE those silly HTML documents that
can't (or, at least, I haven't yet figured out how) be downloaded in one
swell foop.

@_date: 1995-12-21 10:52:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Microsoft Flame[tm] [NOISE] 
Forget about the monopoly aspects for a second and look
Well, I disagree.  Microsoft succeeded  primarily because it was "chosen" by
IBM in about 1981 or so, needing an OS for their PC.  MS didn't even write
it; Seattle Computer did, and that was a port of CP/M.  Not much creativity.
MSDOS revisions 1.0 and 1.1 were pure crap.

@_date: 1995-12-23 07:15:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Newsweek Nerd 50 
Of course, Newsweek should have included the "baddies" as well:  Dorothy
Denning would be the Wicked Witch of the West, and Sternlight would have
been one of those Winged Monkeys...

@_date: 1995-12-23 07:16:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ex encrypted script 
This is EXACTLY the kind of creative uncooperativeness that I was thinking
of, on a different subject, when I proposed that Netscape do anything it
could think of (legally) to sabotage, undermine, subvert, escape, and
otherwise stifle any attempt by the US government to restrict crypto in
general, or its export in particular.  The fact is, we are all CREATIVE people, and presumably given any particular
set of rules (laws) , it should be possible for us to "comply" with "the
law" in such a way as to be as obstructively obnoxious as possible.

@_date: 1995-12-23 07:38:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ex encrypted script 
difficult for the amateur attacker.
On the other hand, there are some programmers out there whose work product
makes such a product totally redundant!

@_date: 1995-12-24 16:58:04
@_author: jimbell 
@_subject: Spread-Spectrum computer clock? 
Recently there has been a substantial amount of discussion concerning the use of
accurate timing in an attempt to uncover encryption keys, by carefully noting
the length of time that a decryption takes in a computer of a known cpu speed.
I have noticed that most of the discussion focussed on the delay time of the
overall operation done over a network, for example a LAN or perhaps the
Internet, but it has been recognized that imprecision due to indeterminate
network timings make such a tactic problematic at least.
However, being a ham and occasionally listening to the various odd noises
produced by a computer when you tune a VHF or UHF ham radio to a harmonic of the
clock speed, it ccurred to me that the delay times WITHIN a particular
encryption/decryption would  be far more easily measured with local RF snooping.
I would imagine that if you can determine even a fraction of a bit of key from a
network "ping,"  you could do a lot better "listening" to the execution of a
program within a few hundred feet with an ordinary radio receiver and a
sophisiticated analysis program.
Okay, I admit, this is certainly not a new idea.  The military's TEMPEST program
is to build electronic equipment which is so "quiet" that it is impossible (or,
at least, arbitrarily difficult) to capture useful information by inadvertent
radio transmission.
Obviously, that is out of the league (not to mention the budget) of the vast
majority of the users of personal computers.  Nevertheless, it seems to me that
if we as a community of computer users are interested in security, we should not
merely focus on the mathematics and algorithms used and their reliability, but
also secondary methods to break the systems involved.
True, most of us are not sufficiently interesting "targets" to justify this kind
of attack, but machines such as encrypted remailers are sufficiently "high
value" that protecting them would be worth a little extra effort  I'm not under
any illusion that we can hope to make them "snoop-proof", but a little effort
should substantial raise the difficulty level..
More than a year ago, it occurred to me that it might be worth it to build a CPU
clock replacement module that took the place of the main CPU crystal oscillator,
and replaced it with a oscillator module whose frequency was (very long period!)
pseudorandomly varied, possibly with a resolution of 16-bit and over a range of
perhaps 1%., with the frequency varying every few tens or hundreds of
microseconds.  The result, I presume, is that every operation synchronized to
the microprocessor clock  would vary in time and would be hard to "tune" with a
normal radio receiver.  It seems to me that this would make the resulting
computer harder to "bug" using standard equipment.
If this were do-able and were in fact done, it would probably be worth it to
"tailor" the spectrum of variation in clock speed so that these variations do
not tend to average out over "long" times, for example a few hundred
milliseconds or even tens of seconds.   This would at least help to disguise the
decryption-time information that is commonly discussed.   A complicating factor is the fact that modern motherboards often generate their
microprocessor clocks using PLL synthesis from a master clock, probably the
14.318 MHz clock.  On the one hand, that might make the process easier; only one
clock to vary.  On the other, it is at least conceivable that there are some
devices in any given computer which depend on a precisely constant clock speed,
and would not tolerate such variation.  This was probably more true in the early
days of the IBM PC; today you usually see separate crystals on any cards that
need truly specific frequencies.
(Hey, I didn't say this was a perfect solution, merely one that would raise the
barrier a bit...)
Other potential tactics.  (Some of which are already happening; if anybody out
there is more informed about such techniques, please tell me)
0.   Copper-screen cages.  Okay, maybe this appears to be a bit too obvious, but
it really isn't too involved:  A few years ago, I happened onto a roll of
honest-to-goodness copper screen; sort of line window screen but made of pure
copper.  Sewn/soldered into a bag, it would make an excellent cover.  (openings
required for floppies and CDROMS, as well as cables are obviously a
complication, but...
1.  Use CPUs with Internal caches as well as external caches, both to reduce the
amount of electronic noise transmitted  to antenna-length wires outside the
microprocessors, as well as make external memory accesses less predictable and
less frequent.  Fortunately, I suppose, the natural transition to 486's, DX2's
and DX4/4s) and Pentiums has make this happen without any anti-snooping
2.  Eventually, CRT's will be replaced with some sort of matrix-type displays
that emit far less useable information and will be easier to shield.
3.  Filtering of every wire that comes out of the computer's case, primarily
using a combination of ferrite beads and decoupling capacitors.   This would be
especially true of the telephone line, which would be accessible from outside a
house or office.   Also, use of multiple powerline filters/surge protectors in
4.  I'd pay particular attention to the keyboard interface and its associated
microcontroller:  Years ago, I speculated that if a VFO (voltage to frequency
converter) was placed on the data line between the  keyboard and the computer,
it would transmit the identity of every key pressed.  (This would obviously
include passwords, too)  (Does the keyboard hardware of the typical PC allow echobacks, whcih would allow
the CPU to fill the CPU/Keyboard channel with apparently meaningless random
garbage, thwarting RF overhearing of this data?!?)
And I wouldn't be surprised if the NSA has built replacement keyboard
controllers to be used to surreptiously replace on garden-variety keyboards,
controllers which deliberately "broadcast" such information in an even
easier-to-discern pattern. Even a short access to such a keyboard and it might
be telling your  secrets.  Even if a  black-bag job wasn't possible,  If it were possible to tune to its
normal keyboard microprocessor operation rate, and given a known keyboard scan
pattern a particular pressed key could be identified.  Given how cheap keyboards
are these days, a slightly paranoid person might buy one from a trustworthy
source and glue the case  shut to prevent tampering, and replace it monthly with
5.    While this isn't my area of expertise, it occurs to me that softrware
should be written to complete operations in an identical time frame, no matter
the input data.  While this has already been hashed over on the nets, the
"solution" that is typically discussed involves adding a null loop at the end of
the real operation, and contining only after the "wall clock" shows enough time
has passed.  This isn't an adequate solution, I think, if local RFmonitoring of
the computer can be done.  (It will know when the actual result ended)    A
better (and, sadly, more inefficient) method would involve executing BOTH
branches of  conditional jump, and only using the data generated from the
desired half at the very end..    Another possibility might be (for certain large mathematical algorithms) is to
split up the functions and to execute them in a "random" order, with enough
"dummy" operations inserted to further disguise the  facts.  For example, if
you're multiplying two 1024-bit values to get a 2048-bit result, program this to
be  done in a pseudrandom order and intersperse any operations with pseudorandom
operations  to disguise it.  (A pseudorandom interrupt generator might help,
6.   Think like an NSA hack.  If I were such a sneaky bastard, I'd try to figure
out a way to module a visible LED on the computer's case with data, or modulate
the video display's brightness to signal slow-speed data..  Well, that's just a few thoughts.  There's a lot more material out there that
ought to be discussed.  Admittedly, these subjects can appear to be a bit more
than a little paranoid, but without such discussion we're almost certain to be
at risk.

@_date: 1995-12-27 14:05:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FH radios 
Is there actually a restriction on the export of really-fast
frequency-hopping radios, even those (like cordless phones) which have no
clear military value?

@_date: 1995-12-27 14:11:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [Rant] Flame threads and factual accuracy 
This commentary is pure bullshit.  If it were possible to quantify it
throughout history, I strongly suspect that the vast majority of instances
where "free speech" was LOST (or was never had in the first place) occurred
NOT because of some objectively agreed-upon ABUSE (irresponsible use) of
that free speech, but in fact merely because those in power WANTED there to
be no free speech.
In short, "losing the right" had NOTHING to to with abuse.  (Though
admittedly, that might be a common excuse given...in lieu of the truth!)
Fred, you richly deserve your bad reputation.

@_date: 1995-12-30 12:02:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Deterrence" 
In the 1960's movie, "Dr. Strangelove," the title character defined
"deterrence" as being "the art of making your enemies FEAR to attack you."  As has been well-publicized recently, pressure from a German prosecutor had
induced Compuserve to cease access to a number of sex-related Internet
groups.  Clearly, neither Compuserve nor its users nor the Internet
community in general has demonstrated adequate DETERRENCE to him or people
in his position.
In my essay, "Assassination Politics," I pointed out that it would be
relatively easy to deter such official-type actions if enough of us simply
said, "NO!" and denominated it in terms of dollars and cents.  After all,
with four million Compuserve users, if they each were willing to donate a
penny to see this latter-day Fuhrer dead, that would be $40,000.  (Pardon me
if I don't translate this into marks and other currencies.)  In practice, of course, if such a system were in place, it is  highly
unlikely that he would have even dared try to put pressure on Compuserve,
and Compuserve wouldn't have dared respond cooperatively to such outrageous
It is worth noting that if six million Jews had been willing to donate a
dime each in 1932 to see Hitler and his cronies dead, much of the late
thirties and forties would have ended up quite differently.  Some may argue
that today's situation isn't nearly as serious now as it was then, but then
again, the situation probably didn't really look very serious in 1932, did it?!?
WHEN, exactly, would it be appropriate to act?

@_date: 1995-12-31 04:27:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: last straw 
I don't have a CSERVE account, and never have.  But yesterday, I called a
friend (who has such an account) I talk to every two weeks or so.  The
conversation went something like this:
"Hi Greg."
"Hi Jim."
"I suggest that you get rid of your Comp..."   (he cuts me off in
mid-sentence, anticipating the entire subject of the call)
"I'm doing that as we speak, Jim"
"...because they just..."  (I continued the thought, but he cut me off again)
"That's EXACTLY why I'm doing it, Jim."
(mutual laughter as we realize the irony of the situation.)
Somehow, I think Compuserve is going to get the message.

@_date: 1995-11-08 08:07:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: lp ? 
What if all traffic routed through the US was automatically modified, say,
by inverting all bits, and then de-inverted after it exited the country. (a
software flag would alert the systems to this).  At the time it was
exported, it would not be runnable code, nor compilable source code.
Sure, somebody would claim that "it's easy to turn it into runnable code,
just by XORing the file with ones."  The response is obvious:  Every 100K
file is only a XOR away from every OTHER 100K file.

@_date: 1995-11-10 04:30:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ecash speed 
I think that one thing that's needed is the concept of probabilistic payments.  The problem:  How do you pay, say, 1/10th of a penny for a good or service
if the minimum denominated coin is a penny?   This is important, because as
we all know the cost of providing computer services of all kinds (and data
transmission) can be expected to continue to drop as time progresses.   If
we allow the minimum size coin to control our lives, it will keep prices
higher than they ought to be and prevent low-cost services from existing.
The answer, I suggest, is that the payer and payee should "flip a coin,"
actually a probability, such that the likelihood of making the payment times
the size of the payment equals the intended payment.
If a seller wants to sell access at 1/10th of a penny per page, he and I can
flip a 10-sided coin (using encryption principles already established)
leading to a 1/10 likelihood that I would have to pay 1 cent, and a 9/10
likelihood that I'll get the service for free.  On the average, it'll be a
payment of 1/10th of a cent.

@_date: 1995-11-15 08:11:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
Question:  What makes computers in general NOT describable by such a

@_date: 1995-11-15 15:10:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
That makes it easy:  Just make sure that you also write a compressor or
filter program with similar compatibility, and nobody can argue that the
hooks were SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for encryption.

@_date: 1995-11-16 03:12:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hardware-random-bits interface 
[stuff deleted]
I'm not a crypto expert, or a mathematician, or anything like that, but I
think I have a few suggestions that you should consider.
1.  DON'T let the random-number generator "know" that it is being accessed,
even with something as simple as a clock.  The reason is that if it became
important enough, an agency with a BIG BUDGET could make a custom chip that
implemented the same apparently-random function, (but might really be a
10**18 state machine with, say, only 10**6 starting positions) but could be
"alerted" and reset by a specific pattern of external accesses, possibly
activated by a special-purpose virus.
The resulting "fake" chip would appear to result in random output, if never
reset, but would produce a data stream with a predictable series with a
limited number of starting points.
2.  Since the main goal of the project is to have this end up being an
ECONOMICAL board, you'll probably end up with a data stream which has some
sort of slight bias in one direction or another.  As far as I can see,
that's okay, because it merely means that you're getting somewhat less than
one bit of randomness with each accessed bit.  But as I understand it, the
solution to this is to combine the bits in software so that you end up with
fewer bits.  While it's been months since I've read Schneier's book, I
recall that it talked about extracting more-perfectly-randomized bits from a
larger collection of not-quite-so-randomized ones.
3.  In addition, for most trustworthy results, I think you should XOR the
resulting data with a long-period pseudorandom stream of bits derived and
modified from some reasonably random inputs, such as keystroke timings and
free-running-system-clock bits.  The reason is that (as far as this neophyte
knows)  a stream of GOOD randomized numbers XOR'ed with a stream of
reasonably randomized numbers results in a stream at least as randomized as
the better source.  More importantly, such a procedure should help deter any
attempt to corrupt the physically-random source, because even going to that
trouble of subverting it they'd only defeat only one stage in the process.
4.  I think the user should be given the option of socketing the IC's.
True, that would make it easier for an interloper to replace, but it would
also allow the user to quickly swap the critical chips, possibly at
intervals of a few days to a few weeks, to partially guard against sabotage.
5.  The whole assemblage should be able to be stored in a package sealed
with evidence tape.

@_date: 1995-11-16 06:13:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
Great!  Then you must merely ensure that there is at least one
(non-encryption) program around that can use the same hooks.

@_date: 1995-11-16 06:28:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hardware-random-bits interface 
Why not do both?  A Zener is supposed to be a relatively high-level source
of white noise, up to some upper bandwidth, so you could just feed the Zener
voltage (through a blocking cap, if necessary) to the radio receiver input.
See, you and the chip manufacturer are working at crossed purposes:  a radio
receiver chip is SUPPOSED to be a low-noise device.  For your purposes, you
WANT it to be a high-noise device, to minimize the significance of external
noise.  Since the radio receiver chip does some things you want (gain, maybe
AGC), but doesn't necessarily add an adequate amount of noise, a zener would
be an excellent addition.

@_date: 1995-11-18 03:09:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: e$: Come aaaannnndddd Get it! 
to the
If you've been following my idea, "assassination politics," you know that
there is an excellent use for payee-anonymous digital cash.  It seems to me that this should be possible, within limits, if the potential
payee could generate a "blinded" note to be delivered to the payer by
anonymous means.  The payer could get the note certified by the bank,
possibly given an extra "blind" if necessary  (is this possible? Desirable?
Why not?) and then the resulting still-blinded but certified note is posted
(in encrypted form, I supposed) to the 'net so that only the payee can
decrypt and unblind it.

@_date: 1995-11-18 06:46:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
I'm not a programmer, but it seems to me that if the goal is to minimize the
"obviousness" of the provision for cryptography, the calling program could
call the called program (which might be an encryption program, maybe not)
and ask for a text header that is to be listed in a Windows-type window.
Thus, the calling program would not have any references to "encryption" or
"key" in its program or documentation; it would get that the first time it
calls the called program.  BTW, one function which obviously  needs an additional argument to work is a
CRC program, in which the particular polynomial to be used must be
specified.  And I guess that a CRC is basically the same type of thing as a
hash function, too.

@_date: 1995-11-18 11:56:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: e$: Come aaaannnndddd Get it! 
It sounds like you understand even less about the details of digital cash
than I do.
First, read the August 1992 issue of Scientific American, the article by
David Chaum.  He explains, with a certain amount of detail, how blinded
digital cash operates.  To become validated and worth money, it first has to
be electronically "written," blinded, and then signed by the bank.  Then it
is unblinded, at which point it can be spent.  What I was saying is that the notes would be written by the payee, then
blinded by the payee, given to the payer, and then signed by the payer's
bank.  At this point, they are worth money, and they are then returned to
the payee, possibly by encrypting them and publishing them in encrypted form
on a publicly-accessible portion of the Internet, so "anyone" could read
them.  Only the intended payee would be able to decrypt them, however, and
only the payee would be able to unblind the notes.

@_date: 1995-11-18 14:36:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: protecting against impersonation (was: CANADIAN PRESS REPORTS) 
Absolutely!  Anybody who uses anonymous remailers to post to public areas,
and does not use digital signatures to prevent spoofing when it is obviously
needed, is a fool or worse.

@_date: 1995-11-19 14:55:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (CANADIAN PRESS REPORTS) 
Detweiler wrote...
WARNING!  WARNING!  WARNING!  BIG "IF" COMING UP!  BIG "IF" COMING UP!!!
 ^^
Pardon me, but what was the point of that last comment?  It is an obvious
statement of fact that yes, IF IF IF somebody had a secret key AND password,
he could duplicate a signature.  Digital signatures allow a person to exclude others from being able to sign
messages as if they are from him.  True, a person could simply publish his
secret key and password, at which point everyone could sign notes as if they
came from him, but that wouldn't be "interesting" because most people would
have no reason to do so.
It is, apparently, in the vast majority of possible situations.  Why would
you even try to disagree?
Oh, yes, I forgot... you're Detweiler.

@_date: 1995-11-21 07:12:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Spam the Sign! 
Here's a question:  Why can't Netscape be released WITHIN THE US with 128
bit keys?  Admittedly, it would probably...uh...escape within a few hours,
but that's no worse than what other cryptosystems (best-known example, PGP)
have done.

@_date: 1995-11-24 10:35:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Spam the Sign! 
Jeff Simmons  said...
I very much agree with the direction you appear to be headed in.  It seems
to me that Netscape should have no problem devising some sort of scenario in
which such a program eventually gets onto the nets, but in a way that is
squeaky clean, at least for THEM.  In addition, why should they even need to write the encrytion part of their
software IN the US?  It occurs to me that one way to do this might be to
send one of their programmers to a conveniently-located place, such as
Vancouver BC , Montreal Canada, or a few other nearby places, with a great
deal of fanfare, and tell him to "write some crypto."  He does, and brings
it back into the US with him, leaving a copy of it "outside" the country for
international distribution.

@_date: 1995-11-25 00:02:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Spam the Sign! 
Actually, that's not true.  What's REALLY important to the government is
that it not be AVAILABLE outside the country, or perhaps even more
accurately, not available anywhere.  Problem is, the government doesn't have
unlimited authority in this area.
NO!  The government doesn't even pretend to have authority over non-exported
encryption, and they readily admit this.    And I'm sure they are also are
aware that they can't press their luck with an overbroad interpretation of ITAR.
Let's look at REALITY, okay?  Export controls on products have been around
for many decades.  Computers are a classic example.  If merely manufacturing
a product that (if exported to the wrong place) becomes a violation of such
laws/regulations, then practically every computer company that has ever
existed violated ITAR.
Here's the real "problem": Export regulations were intended to MINIMIZE the
number of controlled products "leaking through" the border.  There was never
any illusion that this could be entirely eliminated. So far so good: They
were happy to minimize the number of mainframe computers 1970 (for example)
USSR got.
Software, by its very nature, is infinitely copiable, which means that even
a single export  constitutes a complete failure of the system.  Thus, a
system of regulation that was useful for hardware becomes totally useless
for software.
No, it isn't.
No, he isn't.  Exporting a book on encryption, including algorithms, for
example, is entirely LEGAL.  And I think you're misusing the term, "cryptosystem."  The government may be
attempting to use ITAR to regulate exports of fully-functioning software,
but it apparently cannot touch books containing source code for such
programming.  Thus, "exporting the cryptosystem" is NOT always a violation
of ITAR if your definition of "cryptosystem" is so broad as to include
source-on-paper, and thus your statement is legally irrelevant.  If you
tighten up the term "cryptosystem" to  include only functioning software,
your statement becomes false because said programmer does not need to export
Note that I'm assuming that the programmer GENUINELY writes the software
abroad, as opposed to faking it.   Of course, even "faking it" might be
legal:  If source-on-paper exporting is LEGAL, then taking a copy of an
encryption program outside the country on paper, then scanning it into a
computer and recompiling there should also be legal. That's not a satisfactory solution.  The goal, I suggest, is to allow
Netscape (or any other manufacturer) to sell a SINGLE product around the
world, without violating (even arguably) ITAR.

@_date: 1995-11-25 01:41:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: real life problems with ITAR (was Spam the Sign!) 
Attila at primenet.com said:
Well, don't assume that because something's a "violation of ITAR's INTENT"
it is actually a violation of ITAR.    It can't be assumed that ITAR is
_perfect_:  That it actually prohibits every activity the government that
wrote it didn't like.
, but is Sure about this?!?
I didn't say that the code would ever be "re-exported":  A copy would be
brought into the US for domestic use, and everyone else outside the border
would get their own copy from an outside server. It is for this kind of problem that I "invented" my concept of
"Assassination Politics":  If everybody pissed off at this situation was
willing to donate $10 to a fund to reward the deaths of a few government
officials responsible for ITAR, I can well imagine that this would shake
them up a bit.

@_date: 1995-11-26 08:22:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Gingrich, "crypto coalition" & dysfunctional philosophy 
The detweiler tentacle is afraid to debate me...
that you would be happy to debate me IN PUBLIC!  Well, I did and you ran
away with you tail between your legs!
reason to fear.  Debate, dammit!

@_date: 1995-11-26 10:41:05
@_author: jimbell@pacifier.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Return-Path: Received: from home.dave.us (pm-nb1-49.coastalnet.com) by abaco.coastalnet.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Resent-Date: Sat, 25 Nov 1995 17:00:16 -0800
Resent-From: dkincaid at home.dave.us
Resent-Message-Id: <9511260230.AA03138 at abaco.coastalnet.com>
Received: by home.dave.us id AA01536
  (5.67b/IDA-1.5 for cn1290 at coastalnet.com); Sat, 25 Nov 1995 21:27:17 -0500
Resent-To: cn1290 at coastalnet.com
X-Sender: jimbell at pacifier.com
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Version 1.4.4
Precedence: bulk
Sender: jimbell at pacifier.com (jim bell)
The detweiler tentacle is afraid to debate me...
that you would be happy to debate me IN PUBLIC!  Well, I did and you ran
away with you tail between your legs!
reason to fear.  Debate, dammit!

@_date: 1995-11-30 03:18:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: key for Alice as promised (not) 
You're a bonehead.  On the one hand, you FAIL to stop or dramatically reduce
claimed spoofings of your notes by using PGP (which would almost certainly
work perfectly for this limited purpose) yet you claim that you'll only
trust PGP in a limited scenario of courier-delivered data!
Talk about "penny-wise and pound foolish"!  Wake up, idiot!  The purpose of encryption and signing and such is to REDUCE
problems, ideally to zero but if not to some adequately small value.  To
fail to use signing when there is no ongoing problem is risky; to not use
signing when there is a  serious continuing problem is downright lunatic.
That sets up an irresolvable contradiction:  On the one hand, you're willing
to tolerate a continuing problem, yet on the other you claim that your
standards are so high that you won't use a system unless the probability of
security essentially precludes a loss of security.
Now can you see why we're laughing?

@_date: 1995-11-30 06:45:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: key for Alice as promised (not) 
no, he isn't.  He isn't even using a minimal effort to prevent spoofing, and
he's blaming this on the fact that some particular piece of software (for
example, PGP) isn't absolutely foolproof. True but irrelevant.  This is especially true since the only purpose to
signing messages to a public area is to prevent spoofing.  If somebody does,
indeed, figure out how to break (say) a 1024-bit PGP key and "Alice" gets
spoofed, HE WILL KNOW because he will see a message with his signature that
HE KNOWS he didn't send.  At that point, he will at least be able to reduce
the number of spoofed messages to 1 before he alerts us that there is a
problem.  We won't necessarily know who to believe, of course, but we will
know that one of a number of this is probably true:
1  "Alice" is lying to us.   (by far the most likely.)
2.  Somebody actually has physical access to "Alice's" machine and is
actively using it to spoof messages.
3.  Somebody found out how to break 1024-bit PGP keys easily.  (Very
unlikely, of course.)
But "Alice" resists using ANY chain at all!

@_date: 1996-04-01 20:13:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Witch Hunts 
The fact that you are willing to include the name "Unicorn" in that "flamefest" should hold a clue as to the source of the problem.
I do, however, promote one of the most controversial ideas you've probably ever seen discussed on the computer networks.  You might well imagine that doing so would tend to attract people who are like moths attracted to a flame.  Thus, a "flamewar."  Notice that Unicorn tries to flame me on practically every subject he can, which should be another clue as to his If you've ever had a controversial work published in a mass-media outlet (and the Internet is turning into just such a thing) you'll notice that you'll get unsolicited letters from people, some of whom aren't quite "all there", and  people who obviously have their own ax to grind.  Often both. (I had a guest editorial published in the Portland Oregonian newspaper about six years ago, so I speak from experience.)  Usually that ends quickly; people have short memories and are distracted by newer events.  In the computer network area, however, the opportunity for follow-ups is ever-present.
That's why I'm not surprised about people like Unicorn.  It would probably be excessive to say "he's crazed," but he clearly spends an unusual amount of effort.  Check out the CP archives a few days ago; I did an experiment, choosing to not to respond to nearly all of his notes.  He kept writing!
Quite the contrary:  While my degree is in Chemistry, most particularly Organic Chemistry (but also Physical chemistry, solid-state chemistry, and inorganic chemistry), I am rather knowledgeable about physics (including nuclear, high-energy, semiconductor, astrophysics, etc), electronics (analog and digital; I was frequently mistaken for a EE student during my college years), optics, computer hardware, a smattering of computer software, radio (I'm a ham) and a few other fields. This, however, is the "Cypherpunks" area, and with the exception of some bomb-trigger discussions a few weeks ago, much of that knowledge isn't commonly shown in the majority of the discussions here.  It's odd, therefore, that you would suggest that I "talk about one field," as if that was somehow my limit.  If anything, it shows that I (at least in your eyes) pay more attention to the subject of the list than Unicorn.
If you really want to start talking about some of these other fields, I'd be happy to, but I don't think that would improve  the specificity of the list. Other people might object, as well.  We go on enough tangents as it is.
This sounds like a conspiracy theory.  I don't have any "associates."  And I have never posted on any list, echo, USENET group, or bbs under an alias, and I am posting with my real name.  I'm listed in the phone directory for Vancouver, Washington, and I've never had an unlisted telephone number.
Until Unicorn is willing to identify himself with the same amount of verifiable detail, it is in his direction you should look for conspiracies.
What, exactly, is your definition of a "useful contribution"?
Somebody ( I don't recall who) once opined to me that Unicorn behaves toward me somewhat like Detweiler behaved towards Tim May.  I probably missed most of that, but I can see the similaries.  This doesn't make him Detweiler, but it suggests that his motivations are similar.
One last thing:  On re-reading your note, I noticed that your writing style is rather... how shall I say... familiar.  Care to discuss how you did it?  Did you use a program?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-01 23:41:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Nasty-Quibble-Punks 
Turns out Perry is wrong about this.  I believe that UV EPROMs and probably EEPROMs do indeed work by storing charge on a buried, totally-isolated capacitor.  The capacitor is charged with a system called "Fowler-Nordheim tunneling," which involves placing a relatively high voltage on a nearby electrode and causing the thin interface to temporarily conduct.  (It's odd.  That's why it's called "tunnelling.")   The charge, surprisingly enough, is stable for years, in fact decades, and probably (statistically) centuries at room temperature.  The reason the charge stays around so long is that the insulator, silicon dioxide, is extremely good.  It has to be.  If the capacitor were, say, 1 picofarad, and the resistance was 10E18 ohms (a billion gigohms) the resulting time constant would be 1E6 seconds, or about 12 days.  Since EPROMs obviously hold data far longer than this (well over 100 times longer, or else our computers wouldn't work!), and since the capacitance is probably not nearly 1 pf, that tells you that the effective resistance is far above 1E20 ohms.
UVEPROMS are erased, naturally enough, by exposing them to UV light, which is usually produced by a mercury vapor lamp.  This UV causes enough electrons to be excited into upper electron shells in the insulator to temporarily turn it into a slight conductor, and the charge dissipates.  I think EEPROMs are erased by, more or less, reversing the voltage on the charging electrode.
As for keeping the charge when that insulator is stripped off, that would be a problem.  It isn't that a vacuum isn't a good enough insulator; it is, but it would be hard to imagine a technique to strip off an SiO2 insulator that doesn't also allow a substantial amount of charge to flow.  You could strip it off with HF (hydrofluoric acid) but that's electrically conductive.  Even a gas-phase process would probably result in enough conductive products to discharge the capacitor.  Ion-beam milling would also remove SiO2, but as the name implies that's applying a current to the system.
Fortunately, all this is moot:  Since the floating gate is inherently part of a transistor, it isn't necessary to expose it to detect its charge state: Just activate the transistor in-circuit
BTW, some PLD's have a so-called "security bit" which (when set) is designed to prevent reading of the state of the rest of the programmed bits.  Years ago it occurred to me that if you knew where this particular bit was stored, you could expose this bit location alone to a UV source through a tiny mask to discharge it.  Finding that location wouldn't be all that hard:  Just expose the chip with a series of exposures, moving a linear mask slightly, and eventually the security bit will erase.  Note the location of the mask, and rotate the mask 90 degrees and repeat the process.  At that point, you've located the bit (this may require a few iterations), so you expose the target part through a tiny pinhole (Edmund Scientific sells them in many different sizes, exposing only that security bit location.
Jim "Mr. Bell talks about one field" Bell
(Let's see, I covered solid, liquid, and vapor phase chemistry, a bit of particle physics (ion-beam milling), semiconductor physics, minor optics, electronics, some trivial math, and maybe even some detective work!)
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-02 16:40:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NYT on CFP 
Cambridge, Mass., March 30 -- Cyberspace is dead, many of
[stuff deleted]
This goes to show that export controls on encryption are going to have to go, Leahy bill or not.
I don't think they have any choice!  Washington is already bombarded with email within hours every time they do something stupid.  Some of whom might even be aware that they could easily lose their jobs as a consequence of what's happening now on the 'net.
I sure wish they'd hurry up on this legislation.  Hope it's not just vaporware...er... vaporbill, or whatever.
Gee, I thought the 1st amendment did that?  Are our freedoms dependant on a bill that hasn't yet been passed, and may not even yet exist?
I'm anxious to see how many self-proclaimed supporters of the Leahy bill are going to do the right thing and drop their support of it once the text of this Burns bill has been released.  (assuming the Burns bill turns out to be satisfactory, of course, and that it covers all the "good" parts that we wanted from Leahy as well as leaving out all the bad ones.)  Though I was never happy about that "list of shame" idea,  one of the tests that would partially confirm or deny the proper placement of any given name on that list would be that the person named would shift his support to a repaired bill.  I can't see any logical reason to continue to support a flawed bill if and when a corrected bill appears.
Damn!  They keep leaving me out of their short list!  Maybe they meant to lump me in with the groups they mentioned.  I'm an American, so I can't be a "foreign spy," and my supply of child pornography is at a constant zero level.   I'd sure hate to be lumped into an ignominious position with the "other criminals," however:  What an unimpressive title!
Maybe I'll just have to settle for being called a terrorist. Harrumph!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-02 20:27:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Electronic locksmiths are watching you (Belgium's ban onPGP) 
What you _really_ ought to do is to cut down your responses to ZERO, especially on material that was not sent to you.  Until you're willing to talk intelligently about what you believe, you're just wasting peoples' time.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-03 16:33:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ACM/IEEE Letter on Crypto 
[address deleted]
[address deleted]
[thank heavens it wasn't April 1!]
As far as it goes, and considering that it's from an industry group, this sounds like an excellent response to this Burns bill proposal.  (Not "Bill," because it's still not available, apparently.)  This response is probably as close as we can expect to a repudiation of the Leahy bill.  It still isn't clear, though, whether the Burns bill is intended to be just an elimination of export controls on encryption, or whether it will contain other provisions.
My question, which still hasn't been answered, is:  "Does this bill exist yet?"  The answer is really not inconsequential, because if it _isn't_ at least sketched out yet, then that either should give us the opportunity to add provisions we want, or alert us that there is still the risk from Denning-types of including provisions we don't want.  Either way, action is called for, if only action to keep somebody else from taking action.  I don't have any objection to a bill which merely eliminates export requirements on encryption; that would be a substantial step in the proper direction.  If that's the best we can do for this session of Congress, I hope we can achieve this as a stepping-stone. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-03 16:35:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: J Bell's Moniker (WAS: Re: NYT on CFP) 
What I was trying to suggest, in a suitably humorous way, is the fact that the government really isn't concerned about these "bad guys," and in fact is (or, ought to be) more worried about technological developments that will (and should!) make governing populations increasingly difficult.  It doesn't want to admit this, but that's still the truth.  I'm sure they have advisors who are telling them what is going to occur, and if they're at all on the ball they're desperately working to try to figure out if these eventualities can be prevented.  I don't think they'll be successful, but it is still possible to identify many of their efforts such as the Clipper I and Clipper II proposals, both of which were abject failures, and the Digital Telephony bill, which despite the fact it passed has not been funded, and others.  I view the Leahy bill as a somewhat more "realistic" proposal in this series, in the sense that they got a bit smarter about their proposals, putting some tasty bait in the trap.  It's still a trap.
I was also trying to point out that when the government views just about all its enemies as "foreign spies, child pornographers, other criminals and terrorists," its task is to fit all the people who are REALLY dangerous to it into one of these pre-defined molds.  I am reminded of the saying, "When the only tool you have is a hammer, you begin to treat all problems as if they are nails."
So I wonder what kind of "nail" I'm going to be.
One last thing:  I don't really know what I'd like to be called, but maybe "the last revolutionary" is appropriately melodramatic.  Because what I'm promoting will be, literally, the LAST revolution society will ever need.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-03 17:07:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Test case for RSA t-shirts 
I'm trying to figure out what the difference is (legal) between a "book" an an "OCR-able" book.  FAIK, all fonts are OCR-able, simply with widely varying degrees of difficulty.  A fixed-spacing, non-microspace justified typewriter font is probably one of the easiest ones to OCR.   Did the export license application for this "OCR-able" book say that "It's an OCR-able" book, or did they just include a copy of that book on paper?

@_date: 1996-04-03 18:03:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Witch Hunts 
Hey, I never thought of that!  I guess my knowledge of early English mythology is a bit weak.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-05 12:13:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
I really don't think you're giving me enough credit.  I am fully aware that in the past, the organizations on which wire-tap-type subpoenas were served (primarily AT+T, "The phone company") were very cooperative with the police and probably "never" challenged the subpoena. There is the law, and there is the usual reaction to that law, and I expect that much of Unicorn's position is based on a (false) assumption that this reaction will necessarily continue unchanged.
Besides, that phone company had a monopoly, so it wasn't possible for citizens to shop around for a phoneco that was known to make it hard for police.  But that's changing, and that's my point.  Now and in the future, it's going to be harder and harder for the police to get a bend-over-backwards level of cooperation, and in fact phonecos (and especially ISP's) might reasonably want to build up a reputation that they will defend a customer's security in court long before a wiretap is installed.  Imaginative phonecos will find ways to inform the target legally, including naming the target as a non-hostile defendant in a court challenge to that wiretap, and noticing that target since he's now a party to a court action that must be noticed under civil procedure rules.
In short, there is a drastic difference between blind obeisance and enthusiastic hostility, even if you exclude actions by the ISP or phoneco that would rise to the level of some crime.  It is this difference which will  change the previous ability of the police to get wiretaps done secretly.  My point in the first paragraph that I am quoted in above is that many of the challenges that have never been made against wiretap subpoenas, due to a closer-than-arms-length relationship between the phoneco and the government, _will_ be challenged.  Precedent, to the extent precedent exists, will be challenged on (among other things) the basis of the fact that this precedent was formulated during an era when essentially all telecommunications was monopolized and regulated, and there is no reason to believe that a previous telecom monopoly would have been diligent at protecting the rights of their captive customers against the interest of the government at that time.
I think we need to start challenging all the previously-assumed issues that have been interpretated to benefit the government.  If my ISP has agreed, for instance, to send me daily certifications that he hasn't received any "official" inquiries about my account, and one day he receives such an inquiry and is forced to install some sort of a tap, it is hard for me to imagine what kind of legal precedent would allow (and, even, REQUIRE) him to continue to send false certifications when the alternative, simply failing to send any certifications whatever, is also "legal."  (and, in fact, may be required under my contract with him, should he be obligated to do a tap or know one exists.)  The fact that I'd likely interpret his failure to send those messages as meaning that my access is tapped is not within his control, and if he's unwilling to screw me I find it hard to believe that he can't act on this fact even if those actions have an indirect effect of alerting me.  These are the kinds of issues that have either rarely or never been challenged in court, simply because the organization(s) that would normally do those challenges was in the hip pocket of government.  It's going to be a brave new world very soon.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-06 08:44:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bad news from Judge Richey 
Hey, it's news to me!  I'll have to check it out...   BTW, are you sure it's not an old one?  After all, there have been enough assassination conspiracy theory discussions (Lincoln, Huey Long, JFK, RFK, King, etc) over the decades that I'm sure they'd merit a discussion area.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-06 18:41:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
By now, you've probably seen my comment to Unicorn, that ISP's could easily pool their resources, in a form of insurance, to guarantee that any test case will be fully litigated to ensure that a bad precedent isn't set.  What if it cost a million dollars?  That's only about 5 cents per American Internet user.
You were saying about "going bankrupt"?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-06 18:49:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
This is a classic defeatist attitude, the one that Unicorn specializes in.  He wants us to believe that there is literally NOTHING that anyone can possibly do to solve the "government problem."
I contend that had he talked to Phillip Zimmermann in 1990 or so, he would have told Zimmermann that "It's illegal to write an encryption program using RSA, because it's patented!  You'll never get away with it!"
But history records that Zimmermann _did_, and he "got away with it."
What I'm advocating is that people do what Zimmermann did: Write programs that will extend the usages of encryption to thwart attempts to retrieve data by its owners, whether or not the data is on the owner's system.
Notice that Unicorn never gives useful specific suggestions about which "legal means are available."
Cumulatively, they could do exactly this.  Spread among most ISP's, the cost per ISP could be quite low.  Augmented with my AsPol idea, the costs would be even lower.  What was that quote?  "A box of shells is cheaper than an Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-06 21:46:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
is position You do the research.  Until 1968, Federal wiretaps were illegal, by the Federal communications Act of 1934.
"The modern federal law of wiretapping begins with the case of Olmstead v. U.S., 277 U.S. 438 (1928).  A majority of the Supreme Court, over vigorous dissent, held that a defendant's rights against unreasonable search and siezure, protected by the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, were not denied by the tapping of his telephone wires by federal police officials.  In denying constitutional protection to the privacy of telephonic communicatiosn, the Olmstead decision in effect delegated to Congress the responsibility for defining what restrains, if any, are to be imposed on wiretapping activiity.   In 1934, Congress enacted section 605 of the Federaol Communications ACt, whcih provides, in part: "no person not being authorized by the sender shall intercept any communication and divulte...the contents..of such intercepted communication to any person."
Brittanica continued:
"It is clear that federal police officers continue to engage in wiretapping despite the statute.  The position of the Department of Justice has been that section 605 does not forbid wiretapping per se, but only interception _and_ divulgence.  Moreover, it is assered, communication of the contents of an intercepted message by one federal police officer to another is not 'divulgence' within the meaning of the act.  This interpretation has never received definitive judicial approval.  Since the late 1930's numerous unsuccessful attempts have been made to amend the provisions of section 605, usually with the purpose of broadening various law-enforcement uses of [end of Brittanica quote]
Needless to say, I find these excuses and distinctions silly and self-serving.  If Congress really had the power to increase the usage of wiretapping and numerous times chose not to do it, it is reasonable to assume that no legitimate interpretation of the Act of 1934 could allow police wiretapping to occur.
It is reasonable to assume that most wiretaps, when they were done, were assisted by the local phone company (usually AT+T).  In other words, AT+T assisted the government in illegal actions.   What happened in 1968 was that Congress, recognizing this situation, decided to "compromise":  They declared those wiretaps legal, if a warrant was obtained, and and a sop to the cops they allowed that evidence into court.  But them's the details.  The fundamental point is that if AT+T would engage in illegal activity to benefit the cops or Feds, they would certainly go less far to give the government what it wants, whether or not that was illegal.  Clearly this was (and is) a non-arm's length relationship.
And notice that there was apparently no way for the police to force AT+T to do those wiretaps, before 1968.  They couldn't use them, so they couldn't insist on them.  You'll have to explain why AT+T did what they did even though they were apparently not obligated to act, and there was NOTHING the Feds could have done (legally, anyway!) to force them to.
As usual, you misrepresent the situation.  You're setting up a straw man.  "Appeals" are not "obstruction."
You continue to build that straw man.  And I notice that you said "whims"?  What did you mean by this?  Are you suggesting that there is something wrong or illegal with "resisting the whims" of the government if that government has no legal basis for compelling cooperation with those "whims"?  I think it's interesting that with each paragraph you set little traps for yourself, and fall into them so embarrassingly.  There you tried to knock him down.
Think "insurance companies."  Insurance companies exist to pool risk.  At some point, "subpoena insurance" will be recognized as being a valuable thing, because it will allow even the smallest ISP the full legal assistance necessary.  A side-benefit of such assistance is that the government won't be able to "defendant shop" and try to set up a comfy precedent, because even the smallest ISP will be able to fight back as if it were large.  This is important to all other ISP's, obviously.  That's why they'll happily pool their resources.
Continuing to knock down that straw man, I see!
What I repeatedly find amazing about Unicorn's commentary is that he lists actions and behaviors of government that most of the rest of us find disgusting or egregious, and then he seems to take the position that it is impossible to prevail in court against those actions.  Even if that limited opinion were true, to the extent it's true that merely goes to show why we can't expect justice from courts, and why we're going to have to set up a system to ensure that these egregious actions get punished.
Actually, it only takes one to set a precedent hostile to the government.
Oh, really?  Do you realize what you've just admitted?  You're your own worst enemy.  Let me quote you something you said below:
Sounds like a big contradiction, right?  You can't even keep your story straight!  Your loyalty to the truth is nil.  Yet another trap you set for yourself.  Your cluelessness is legendary.  Go talk to a real lawyer and he might tell you that occasionally, entities must be brought into lawsuits if their interests are at stake and their participation is necessary to decide an existing case.  It happens all the time.  In this kind of case, a challenge to the wiretap inherently involves the interests of the person to be tapped, and thus his participation is logical.  Not that the cops would LIKE it, but that doesn't necessarily mean that it won't happen anyway.
Naming the target as a non-hostile defendant is not illegal.  Noticing him under civil procedure rules is not illegal.  Etc.
 or conspiracy to destroy material evidence to a You keep harping on this "destroy material evidence" kick.  Is that the best you can do?  I said NOTHING about "destroying evidence."  (regular readers will notice that this is a pattern that Unicorn displays; typical straw-man behavior!  His "destroying evidence" tirades are old.)
There is a big difference between "not fooling the judge" and becoming a crime.  As I pointed out before, these are exactly the kinds of issues that have "never" been enthusiastically challenged by an ISP or telco.  Your assumption that such challenges will never happen, or will fail is touching.
phoneco The error you just made is to confuse the issue of adjudication and enforcement.  All you just said was that, once the final decision is made, it can be enforced.  I don't think it's necessary for me to challenge that claim, for the purposes of my point.  My point is that challenges to subpoenas can and do occur, WHEN THE PERSON OR CORPORATION NAMED _wants_ to do them, and up until now that organization regularly failed to do so.
reason the Further "straw-man" behavior. You just misrepresented the issue.  I'll re-write it:
"A obeys not only the law without question, but also agrees with all requests even if they are beyond the legal scope of the subpoena, and generously helps the cops, challenging nothing.  B challenges everything, and uses 'every trick in the book' to eliminate or minimize his obligations under the law"
There, that's better.
to What, exactly, does this mean?  Are you saying, "The Constitution is dead"?  Are you implicitly acknowledging here that my points are, or at least, WERE valid under a previous interpretation of the Constitution?  What, exactly, happened to change this?  Who passed which law to change it?
"major no-no"?    It sure is interesting how Unicorn uses thes high-falutin legal terms like "major no-no" to describe the intricacies of subpoena law.
I'm going to have to look in Black's to figure out the legal implications of "major no-no." Unicorn proves, once again, that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
But I don't think that FAILING to send a particular certification (that the ISP isn't under subpoena) constitutes an "illegal" contract.  The fulfillment of that term is not legally required, absent a contract, and likewise it is not generally prohibited if it is part of a contract.  It looks like the government has no basis to object to either sending that certification or failing to.
 And you also misrepresented things:  it is more accurate to use the term "unenforceable" rather than "void".  "Unenforceable" (assuming, for a moment, that this was a correct interpretation; it isn't, however) might simply indicate that the client can't sue his ISP for lack of fidelity to that particular term of the contract.  But that's somewhat misleading, because this assumes that the ISP _doesn't_ want to comply with the terms of his contract.  It is irrelevant that a contract is argued to be "unenforceable" if the parties to the contract _want_ to comply with it anyway.  And if the ISP _wants_ to comply, and compliance merely involves FAILING to send a certification, and not sending that certification is not otherwise prohibited by pre-existing law, then I think it's obvious that the ISP is entitled to fail to send the certification.
In a government-centric philosophy enthusiastically promoted by Unicorn, government is the only enforcer.  In the real, digital world of the future, digital reputations will enforce behavior.  A practice by an ISP to tolerate subpoenas without legal challenge will become well-known, and that ISP will shrink to oblivion unless he changes his policies.
Given the repeated admissions you make that the government can and does engage in outrageous behavior, I'd say that extra-legal enforcement is clearly warranted.
on Again, doesn't make it illegal.  There is no reason to assume that the government will always get whatever it wants. (remember the "whim" reference you made above?  I'm _still_ laughing about it!)   Challenging it on what it wants should be standard procedure.
For a different class of people and corporations, yes.    Not ISP's, and as far as I know, telephone companies have never pushed the envelope.  If you have any specific contrary examples, show me.
You statement is wildly in error.  AT+T clearly did phone taps for the government prior to 1968 PRECISELY due to "some grant conspiracy":  It certainly didn't do them because AT+T was _legally_obligated_ to.
Which is an interesting statement, given the fact that I pointed out that in the period of 1930-1968, the phone company assisted with ILLEGAL wiretaps.  Are you suggesting that during that time frame, they actually violated the law under threat of "criminal and financial sanctions for non-compliance"?  What kind of government threatens people with "criminal and financial sanctions" for NOT assisting it with illegality?  Yikes!  Somehow I think your morality is about as warped as it comes.  Yet another trap you set for yourself, and you jumped right in.
What you haven't explained or demonstrated is how ISPs could become more agressive in their defenses.  This failure is typical of you:  Your bag of tricks is empty _unless_you_are_paid_.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-07 06:18:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ACM/IEEE Letter on Cryp 
[on the Burns bill]
That sounds okay as far as it goes, but I can see a potential problem.  Your wording above is unclear, but if the Burns bill totally eliminates export controls that's great. However, we've frequently heard talk of "compromises" like the Leahy bill which seem to relate exportable encryption to that which is already available overseas.  There have been suspicions around there that this is intended to keep the American producers out of the market as long as possible, which is still a problem.  I don't think that's acceptable.
It's also not logical.  Even if we assume that the strongest encryption available overseas is 2048-bit RSA, that's far more secure than 1024-bit PGP, which itself (I've heard...) is probably 1-10 million times stronger than 512-bit PGP, and the last is probably just barely within the reach of even the NSA with a reasonable amount of resources directed at the task.   Obviously, this means that the best encryption commonly available is so far beyond what the NSA can decrypt, there appears to be no point in denying somebody the right to export 3000-bit RSA, when 2048-bit versions are already in use.
In addition, even if this condition is assumed, there is a question about whether or not export will or must be automatically approved for any program which uses encryption equally or less strong than, say, 2048 bit PGP, or whether they will refuse export of programs which use encryption to implement functions that are "politically incorrect" despite the fact they use only "exportable level" encryption.  I could mention a specific example, but if you've followed my essays you already know what I'm talking about.  The government could still deter new and innovative ideas utilizing encryption that themselves don't already exist overseas.
I think there's a serious enough danger here that we should insist on (at least) wording that completely takes the decision-making authority out of the government's hands for encryption that uses the same or less key length than the maximum available overseas, regardless of its function.  I don't want even this minimal restriction, but if that's what it takes to pass the Burns bill, it's progress anyway.  I'm sure somebody can (or already has) extend foreign-source PGP to 4096-bit keys to push the limit well beyond any practical limit, if 2048 bits isn't  there already.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-07 11:01:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ACM/IEEE Letter on Cryp 
Myself also, I suppose.  That's why I'm so concerned that it not contain any component that could be easily be re-written more to our liking.  The big attraction of the Burns bill, from a strategic standpoint, is that (by the elimination of export controls, assuming it does it) it removes the one major "must do" task onto which could be loaded other "features" that we can't stand, as the Leahy bill tried to do.  Once export controls are eliminated on crypto, it should become impossible to get enough support to pass a bill even mentioning key escrow, let alone mandating it. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-07 11:54:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
using One thing I've never heard is an explanation of how computer software and especially mathematics went from "extremely not patentable" in the early and middle 1970's, to "patentable" once Messr's Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman invented a piece of mathematics that the government wanted to deny to the public.  How convenient.
Even if we accept the supposition that at some point, "they" decided for non-suspicious reasons to _start_ issuing patents on software and mathematics, I've never heard an explanation of how R, S, and A _knew_ to apply for a patent, long before the first software patent was issued, and even longer before the first pure mathematics patent was issued.  (which, was, probably, on RSA!)
Were these guys psychic or what?  Who told them what, and when?  Patents have to be applied-for within a year of disclosure, which means they had to decide whether to pay the money for a patent application that by historic standards could not possibly be issued.  Yet they did it anyway.
What's wrong with this picture?
Something tells me that given the unblemished history of non-patentable mathematics, RSA could never have withstood a patent challenge.  They had to have known this.
Implying that he's unwilling to do anything useful for free, which raises interesting questions about why he's bothering to  send his notes to me.  Is he being _paid_ for this?
cost Yet another misrepresentation.  The purpose of the risk-pooling is obviously to set a friendly precedent, and it does not require any "overt illegal acts," merely challenges to an overly broad interpretation of subpoena power.  Any siezure of ISP equipment would simply result in another "Steve Jackson Games"-type decision that would be expensive for the jurisdiction in which it occurred, and would further cement the precedent that the government couldn't do anything about.
In fact, one of the most obvious precedents that needs to be set is that the government has no right to sieze equipment from an ISP (and thus shut the ISP down) if all it wants is _data_.  Clearly, that's exceeding the bounds of what the government is realistically entitled to.  I think the most any ISP should be required to do is to present an encrypted version of all the system's data, and then the appeals process can start.  The government won't be able to use the data until the process is complete, months or years down the line.  Naturally, the fact that the information on the system is subpoenaed should automatically become public knowledge, because the data is already fixed and immutable.
And an ISP should NEVER be required to act as an agent for the cops, and in fact should be prohibited from doing so if his contracts with his customers certify he won't be.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-07 14:05:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ACM/IEEE Letter on Cryp 
Could somebody re-post that Cantwell bill?
Which country?  The country to be exported to?  This bill is starting to sound distinctly manipulative!  Remember, once it's out of the country, it can be sent _anywhere_ so it is pointless to include any destination distinctions, including "terrorist countries." And what happens if the only software available to banks in that country (by their law) requires some sort of key-escrow function, even if that country allows non-escrowed encryption to citizens?  Do we get to export or not?
It's already beginning to smell.  The original claim, as I recall, was that export would be allowed if something was already available with at least as high a level of protection. No distinction as to _where_ that software was available.   That would be a fairly broad allowance.  Now, we are seeing that the evil hand of government is being inserted into the equation:  Suddenly, what their government ALLOWS BANKS is the distinguishing factor.  GRRRRRR!
This is _exactly_ why I want to see this bill BEFORE it is officially introduced, and why everyone else here should as well.
Maybe it should be.  There is already serious doubt as to whether this bill could even hope to pass before the end of the current session. That's not surprising; it will be introduced very late.   If it can't pass, I see absolutely no reason to include misfeatures in a bill that will have many months to be re-written before the next session.  Nothing is set in stone; it can all be changed _if_ it's not part of some sort of secret deal.
The way I see it, if there is not a strong probability that it will be voted in, there is no reason to introduce a flawed bill.  Even more so, there is no reason to support a hurried bill if the apparent reason for the hurry is to ensure that the bill contains "features" that will be hard to remove in the future.  If Burns can't do it right soon enough to pass, he needs simply take an extra month or two and publicize the _corrected_ bill on (surprise!) the Internet, and worry about introducing it in the next session of Congress. (He'll get the election-year political benefit just as effectively.  Pardon me for being cynical.)   I can't see that anybody is going to hold a little delay against him.
Pardon my language, but WHAT THE HELL IS "MASS MARKET SOFTWARE"?
_Everybody_ wants their software to sell as many copies as possible; what is the difference between something which sells 10,000 copies and something that sells 10 million?  Is this bill a sop to Egghead software?
Is the legal difference going to be cost?  Say, anything less than $1000?  That would at least make a distinction that has a certain level of precedent behind it, since export licenses have had minimal-dollar-value exceptions built in for a long time.    What about freeware/shareware?
And you didn't answer my question about whether key length alone was a distinguishing feature, or software function.  This is not looking good.  Too many conditions?  Too many exceptions?  Too many caveats?  Why can't those sleazy politicians give us what we want?
Ooops, I just answered my own question.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-07 17:18:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
I look at it this way:  It is inappropriate to look just at the desire of the court and its sanctions, it is necessary to study what kind of "crimes" are normally dealt with in such a fashion, and why they need to be crimes in the first place.
Over time, technology is dramatically increasing our protections:  From locks to alarms to monitoring systems to remote cameras, with bank accounts that are secure from ordinary criminals, we are becoming less and less dependant on government for our security.  Since the ostensible purpose of courts is nominally to protect us, if those protections begin to be replaced by technology the logical conclusion is that courts will become less numerous and less powerful.  The problem is, that isn't happening, and the reason is that organizations tend to act in ways to protect their own power and influence.  In fact, the average citizen is subject to far more theft of his assets BY THE GOVERNMENT than by common criminals, so at some point we have to realize that the government is now a net problem, rather than being a net solution.
I think that most crimes that subpoenas  would normally be used for are probably not crimes at all, and are probably "malum prohibitum," not "malum in se" crimes. And in the future, they would likely be used to harass political enemies, as harassment was done in the 1950's and 60's.   This means, for anybody of a libertarian bent, that it would actually be better if the government could be rendered incapable of enforcing them.  Naturally, governments and courts will resist, but that will be irrelevant.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-08 06:08:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: the cost of untracability? 
Some more than others, huh?  B^)
FWIW, I think that there is no capital-gains-type tax on currency conversions.  In other words, if I take dollars and buy yen today, and the interconvert rate changes and I convert back and make a "profit," that is not considered income.  If that's the case, then ecash has an excellent precedent behind it to avoid any taxes on interest, especially if that interest is, in effect, paid by increasing the inherent value of the currency.
And most of the "interest" will simply be the avoided inflation loss that would have otherwise occurred.  Buying ecash may be equivalent to buying an absolutely non-inflating currency that the government can't manipulate.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-08 14:31:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: the cost of untracability? 
That assumes that there is "profit" from exchanging currencies.  On any given transaction, there is never any "profit."  The only thing that might be called a profit is a difference in exchange rates, and that really isn't an increase in wealth at any point.   Ask that CPA to look it up.
This makes sense:  If the currency in my pocket becomes less valuable due to inflation, I cannot deduct the loss.  If it becomes MORE valuable due to deflation, I do not need to declare the difference as income.  Currency transactions only generate "profits" from a change in conversion rates, which are simply differences in inflation rate between two currencies.  The answer is, "They're not!"  That's right, you heard me.  It's uphill all the way for the IRS.

@_date: 1996-04-08 14:42:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
The following is a comment of mine that Unicorn didn't respond to.  My comments are included as well. I repeat this because I just saw a quote from Lysander Spooner which was appropriate under the circumstances.  Those who read Unicorn's notes will notice that he frequently ignores embarrassing gaffes that he makes.
[beginning of re-quote]
Unicorn again displays his cluelessness.  If people know that the system is sick, and they believe (even wrongly) that the only way to fix the problem is through "the political process,"  they can reasonably be expected to take one last, desperate effort at fixing the situation.  That doesn't make anybody "pro-political-process," in fact they could be disgusted with the lack of progress that this system produces.  They simply believe that they have no alternative.
To put it in simple terms that even you should be able to understand, the fact that a drowning person moves his arms and legs around a lot doesn't mean that he LIKES to swim, it may merely mean that he likes drowning even [end of re-quote]
Spooner's quote follows:
  "Doubtless the most miserable of men, under the most oppressive
government in the world, if allowed the ballot, would use it, if they
could see any chance of thereby meliorating their condition.  But it
would not, therefore, be a legitimate inference that the government
itself, that crushes them, was one which they had voluntarily set up, or
even consented to."
Lysander Spooner

@_date: 1996-04-08 16:45:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: They're running scared. 
Jim Hoagland's newspaper column from April 4, 1996:
Governments awakening to threat of the Internet
The computer and modem now downsize the globe, enabling citizens to vault over walls of secrecy, law and control erected by governments.
Still gathering steam, the information revolution is creating a new generation of ticklish foreign policy and national security problems for the world's governments.  They are organized to operate in a heirarchical world of borders and customs posts and to keep out the unwanted, the unhealthy or the dangerous.
But the boundaries of cyberspace are unfixed and amorphous.  They are being determined more by the availability and cost of communication modems, sophisticated software, satelite stations, encryption techniques and other data processing technology than by government fiat.
An example of cyberspace's potential for harm surfaced last week when France asked the United States to crack down on a San Diego-based Islamic group that posts instructions on the Internet for assembling inexpensive bombs like those exploded on the Paris subways last year.
French officials traveling or posted abroad fear they are the intended targets of these homemade bombs, the Quai D'Orsay's senior Middle East expert, Denis Bouchard, told American diplomats at a meeting last week on international terrorism in Washington.
State Department officials offered the French sympathy.  But they did not hold out much hope they coudl act on the sparse information the French provided.  The line between computer-driven incitement to terrorism and electronic free speech still has to be drawn in the brave new cyber world.
The inchoate nature of that world was underscored by the disclosure March 29 that U.S. authorities had charged an Argentine student with three felonies for illegally entering Pentagon and other U.S. military computers to obtaining confidential files on satellites, radiation and energy-related But Julio Cesar Ardita, 22, who raided Washington files from his home in Buenos Aires, cannot be extradited under American-Argentine treaties, which do not cover these alleged national security violations.
Governments are waking late to the implications of individuals and small groups operating across boundaries and oceans to bypass, introde upon or flip and electronic finger at bureaucracies that have controlled or regulated the security and business of nations for centuries.  The implications are particularly dramatic for totalitarian regimes that brook no open dissent.
China seeks to impose a government monopoly over economic data transmission into China to go along with the draconian political censorship already practiced on the nation's traditional media.  But as long as the Middle Kingdom remains part of the International telephone system with its faxing and modem capabilities, words and facts the communist leadership abhors will spread faster than Big Brother can track them.
The world stands roughly where it stood as television began to reshape politics, and policy-making, in ways that we still do not fully understand.  A new communication technology arrives to change what we think, as well as how we think and communicate.
Traditionalists fear anarchy (or obsolescence).  Optimists foresee the best of all worlds, with Orwell's 1984 predictions of Big Brother tracking and brainwashing everyone through television proven to have been 180 degrees off But the picture is in fact  mixed.  Governments have begun to talk seriously to each other about controlling the computer revolution.  The Pentagon is studying the information highway as the route to complete domination of the battlefield and thus the ultimate source of power.  THe FBI, IRS, and CIA are determined to keep you from being able to encode and transmit information they want to see.
Orwell may turn out to have been premature, but not wrong.  The struggle over the course of the information revolution is only beginning.  The bureaucracies that are most threatened still have powerful hands to play.  There is no guarantee that cyberspace will provide the world with the era of new freedoms that now seem likely.  That battle is still to be fought, and won.
[end of article]
Articles such as this are interesting because they appear to be written without any illusion that the interests of governments are anything other than just that, interests of governments.  They are NOT the interests of the average citizen.

@_date: 1996-04-09 05:42:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
It is exactly this attitude that we need to change.  I presume you saw my comment from a day ago, when I pointed out that before 1968, local phonecos were doing wiretaps without any sort of court order, simply because the local cops (or FBI) asked, even though those requesting the tap could not use the evidence in court.   And even _that_ level of cooperation was presumably done without any plausible risk that the prosecutor could sieze a phone switch for non-cooperation.  It is even likely that the phoneco could have acted to lose the prosecutor/police his job if they had decided to press and publicize what must have been an illegal request at the time.  The fact they did not is telling. It was clearly not an "arm's length" relationship.  It was a relationship of friendly people who regularly did favors for each other, playing with their customer's privacy.
This is the reality that we must face and deal with:  Officials abuse their positions all the time. They will do so if the system is designed to allow them to.  Allowing officials to sieze an ISP's equipment is just asking for trouble.  In my opinion, ISP's should be able to decide ahead of time whether to cooperate if they are asked for information.  They should be entitled to take a position that they will (or will not) contract with their users to prevent any disclosure of information, and this decision should be legally binding on the prosecutor as well.  The "feedback loop" is closed by the fact that bad publicity may accrue if the ISP refuses to cooperate, leading to a "market" of different ISP's with different standards.  I am convinced that whatever benefit may arguably accrue from being able to subpoena information is far lower than the cost of loss of freedom that surely will occur if prosecutors are able to strong-arm ISP's into illegal cooperation, such as occurred with phonecos before 1968.
I'm still waiting for somebody to show that the majority of crimes that are investigated using subpoena power are "malum in se" crimes, as opposed to "malum prohibitum" ones.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-09 17:56:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Australia's New South Wales tries net-censorship 
But what is "guilty knowledge"?  Let's suppose I'm web-browsing, and I come across something I shouldn't.  If I'm aware of caching, I _know_ that the stuff is in my memory or HD or somewhere, and I _know_ it's illegal.  Does that constitute "guilty knowledge"?
What if a person is unaware of this caching?  Does he lack the same guilty See, this is the problem with the "guilty knowledge" idea:  It really isn't knowledge which should be illegal, intent is vital.  Part of the reason "our" system is so screwed up is that police can misrepresent our actions in this way.
I have an easy solution for this:  _NO_ information should be illegal.  None.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-09 18:16:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
This is yet another one of the many reasons I advocate a system, AP,  that some people around here call "extremely radical."  (By today's standards it _is_ "extremely radical," but only in the sense that many sheeple seem ready to continue to tolerate the status quo.)
I assert that if there is a mechanism in existence over the medium to long term to allow officialdom to punish people without conviction for things that are not even crimes, then I see nothing wrong with setting up a different system to punish these _officials_, without conviction, for things that THEY would claim are not crimes.  If those officials wish to avoid this punishment, they should resign or even better, use their powers to immediately eliminate that unfair and unjustified punishment for ordinary But I guess this solution is a bit too obvious for some, huh?  B^)
Maybe we should call it "Contempt of Citizenry."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-10 09:44:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) British Study Claims That Photo Credit Cards Don't   Work 
I think this is based on looking at your face with near-infrared, not the medium and far (thermal) infrared.  Near infrared is supposed to penetrate flesh far better, so your blood vessels are visible and form a pattern which can be recognized.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-10 12:59:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Federal Bureau of Indigestion 
Funny stuff deleted.
I'm waiting for Unicorn to claim that the next phone call to the pizza shop was from a judge, who was placing a subpoena on the next 19 pizzas that shop produced, and ordered them delivered to the hospital for psychiatric evaluation.  B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-10 13:36:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
And the rest of us are tired of seeing those non-responses!
Aside from the fact that Lysander Spooner has been dead for a LONG time, and thus has no opinion concerning 1996 America, your "logic" is atrocious.  He is saying:
"If people think it might help, they might use the ballot."
He is _not_ saying:
"If people use the ballot, it means they think it might help."
Maybe such subtleties of logic are beyond you...
I think that the main reason this observation is hilarious is that one frequent complaint from media types is (and has been, for decades) that there is a nearly steadily-decreasing voter turnout at the polls in the US.
It is not my intention to make the same foolish logical error that you did.  I won't claim, absolutely, that failure to participate in an election _must_ be evidence that people believe "a sovereign is beyond redemption."  But since you've stepped into it, I intend to rub your nose in it as well. To whatever extent you believe your last claim, you should be willing to accept the obvious conclusion that many of the American public don't believe that the government is worth trying to retrieve, and they haven't for years.  Which means that, as usual, you've ended up shooting yourself in your own foot.
When you said:
I pointed out, correctly, that mere participation in the vote doesn't evidence any claim that a person is "very pro-political process."   You've done a piss-poor job defending this.   And you've forgotten that to whatever extent voter turnout is up with respect to past years, it is only "up" because it has been dramatically down for decades.  You need to explain why a citizen, or citizens as a group, should be obligated to tolerate this political situation for decades without doing anything to bypass the political system when they appear to not believe in a reasonable likelihood that it'll fix itself.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-10 18:41:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
Tell me, what is the most exciting, interesting, and imaginative usage of "Yadda Yadda Yadda" that _you_ remember, Bill?

@_date: 1996-04-11 01:06:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Watch your language, Shabbir. 
When the Leahy bill was proposed, BTW was one of the organizations that came out in favor of it.  Despite later substantial criticism and direct contacts, Mr. Safdar never defended his original position on this bill against these objections.  I just saw something which may explain  a bit about VTW's positions:
                               VTW BillWatch        VTW BillWatch: A weekly newsletter tracking US Federal legislation
     affecting civil liberties.  BillWatch is published at the end of every
        week as long as Congress is in session. (Congress is in session)
                   BillWatch is produced and published by the
                 Voters Telecommunications Watch (vtw at vtw.org)
                             (We're not the EFF :-)
                 Issue  Date: Wed Apr  3 12:41:46 EST 1996
     Do not remove this banner.  See distribution instructions at the end.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
        Introduction from the Editor (Steven Cherry)
        A tragic story about a wiretap (Shabbir J. Safdar)
 [stuff deleted]
A TRAGIC STORY ABOUT A WIRETAP
by Shabbir J. Safdar, VTW Board (New York, NY)
This week most of VTW's staff attended the Computers, Freedom, and Privacy
conference in Cambridge Massachusetts.  I go to the conference every
year to recharge my batteries, put names to faces, and enjoy the synergy that
can only come with face-to-face dialogue.
[stuff deleted]
One, while wiretaps have probably been effective in other cases, they
were not effective in this one.  While we can grant law enforcement the
benefit of the doubt in other cases, the existence of this one shows
that a wiretap is not the "silver bullet" of law enforcement that we
have been led to believe.
Another observation that can be made is that this parallels the key
escrow debate very closely.  No reasonable person is objecting to the
FBI's right to conduct a wiretap.  However what is being debated is the
extent to which individuals and law enforcement can go to accomplish
their duties.  The Clinton Administration is striving for a world where
everyone is forced to speak in a form of encryption that is easily decoded
by law enforcement.  The public and industry is striving for a world where
they continue to have private conversations.
[end of quote]
Look, very carefully, at the last paragraph quoted above.  Mr. Safdar says, "No reasonable person is objecting to the FBI's right to conduct a wiretap."
Huh?  "FBI's right"????  Maybe this is a bit too basic for comprehension, but governments have no "rights" by any definition I've ever heard.  "Rights" are the possessions of individuals, and occasionally individuals authorize governments to do things.  But that does not mean that those governments possess a "right," especially not one on such a flimsy and transitory principles as wiretaps.  Government certainly does not possess a "right" that supercedes the wishes of the public, or the Constitution.
Safdar's note appears to pre-date my commentary where I pointed out that before 1968, wiretaps in America were illegal, but were done anyway simply because the cops wanted to.  That doesn't sound like a "right," now, does it?  If it were a "right" then it couldn't be given by law, or taken away by law.  But nobody I've ever  met claims that the cops aren't at least legally obligated to follow the law, whether or not they actually do.
I don't like sloppy rhetoric.  Even worse, claiming that "no reasonable person" would object to a non-existent "right" is truly outrageous. I know _plenty_ of people  who would claim that the government, and by extension the FBI, possesses no "right" to do wiretaps (this position would be echoed by essentially every libertarian). I know many people who think that the government shouldn't be able to do wiretaps at all. VTW's header above claims "We're not the EFF," but it's hard to tell this from Mr. Safdar's propaganda.  Now I understand why he didn't defend his position on the Leahy bill against criticism.  VTW is sounding more and more like "EFF" all the time.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-11 08:28:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
The latter is far closer to the truth.  First off, GPS signals can be faked.  In fact, there are commercial boxes sold that generate a full synthetic constellation of GPS signals; these boxes are usually intended to simulate motion of a vehicle when the GPS unit under test is actually stuck in a laboratory or factory floor.  If such a box were connected to an amplifier of a few tens or hundreds of milliwatts, it would be possible to park near a potential target and deny him service by making it look like his signal came from anywhere else around the world.  (Military boxes would detect this because of A/S, however.)  And if you had a receiver at some specific location at which you intend to appear to be connected at, it is likely that full data describing the motions of the satellites could be supplied to any other location on the Internet needing well under 14,400 bps.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-11 17:32:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
I notice you gave no examples.  Why is that?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-11 23:28:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
It's called "S/A" (Selective Availability) which is the NWO term for adding errors that "authorized" users can remove. (Not to be confused with A/S, or anti-spoofing)   It was originally intended to be turned on in wartime to deny the enemy accurate fixes, but during the Gulf War military GPS receivers were so scarce that the soldiers had to use commercial products, so the S/A actually was turned OFF then!
Since then, pressure has been building to turn off S/A, since its usefulness is nearly zero.  Even so, the amplitude of S/A errors are only a little larger than natural errors caused by satellite timing errors, atmospheric propagation variations, etc.  The result is that DGPS is useful, which is (more or less) a fixed antenna and GPS system which knows where it is, and subtracts where it "seems" to be by GPS every second, and broadcasts the resulting error data on some terrestrial system to receivers locally.  The result is errors down to the 1-meter level and even lower.  That system compensates for both natural errors and S/A, so the whole purpose of having S/A is negated.  Eventually S/A will probably be turned off permanently, but even then we'll want to continue to use DGPS systems.
Denning's trust for the government is apparently boundless.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-12 02:46:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
What's the old saying, "Those of you who think you know everything are very irritating to those of us who do."
First off, serial binary formats for transmitted data are at least as old as the 1930's, and the term "byte" was coined in the early-middle 70's, as I recall.  Therefore it is highly unlikely (and, in fact, wrong) that the term "byte" referred specifically to serial binary streams.  In fact, the term "character" is the word used to describe a serial data object composed of bits.  The length of that character can vary:  As any ham knows (or ought to know!) many early teleprinters used a so-called 5-level (5 bits per character; there were shift characters inserted to multiply the available codes) code called Baudot, while more recent ones used the now-common, 7-bit ASCII code.  A typical ASCII asynchronous character is transmitted using a start bit, seven or eight data bits, an optional parity bit, and one or more stop bits (usually 1, today, but it can be 1.5 or 2.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-12 11:58:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Cash Escrow 
Go dig up the manuals for a
Wasn't the original development of the Internet done in the middle 1960's?  And thus, does its development pre-date the coinage of the term, "byte"?  If that's true, doesn't this answer your question?  The terminology used for the definition of a standard often tends to be frozen in time.  Lacking the term "byte" they used "octet."  The subsequent invention of the term "byte" would not have displaced the original term, at least in Internet standards.

@_date: 1996-04-12 20:41:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: GPS-based authentication 
I think that Denning's paragraph is misleading.  S/A is stated; what I think they probably mean is closer to A/S, the anti-spoofing signal.  The S/A error is small and changes only slowly, the A/S signal is far faster and could hold the data to implement the signatures.  Even so, I think it would be comparatively easy to fake a signal if you are in view of most of the satellites in the area you wish to fake; attempting to fake something around the world would be harder.  Aside from the technical difficulties associated with this  system (everyone has to have a GPS receiver, for instance) there is an obvious political problem associated with trusting the government.  After all, only its agents are supposed to know the dithering code which will be transmitted by the GPS satellite; its agents would presumably be able to fake their location since they can anticipate the data being transmitted.
Which raises an interesting issue, I think:  Would it be possible to remove the ability of the government to fake these signals, even if the rest of the system worked?  The goal would be to prevent anybody (including the operators of the GPS system) from being able to anticipate the dithering codes the GPS satellites would send.  One way to do that is to combine multiple random/pseudorandom bit streams (from hundreds, thousands, or maybe even millions of independent sources, perhaps you and me) into an overall stream, in such a way (XOR) that no data contributor could know how the result came out until he saw it.  Each contributor would be able to verify, however, that his data stream was used to form the eventual bit stream, and he is confident of the randomness of the system he uses to generate that stream.  (If he isn't, he should just change systems, or add another system to his equipment and XOR the results before he sends them off, crypted, to the central data combiner.)  Release of the decrypt keys could be delayed "just long enough" to prevent faking.
BTW, I'm not endorsing the underlying idea.  I think it's a leap backwards for freedom.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-13 02:55:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: GPS-based authentication 
It should occur to all of us that what you (and we) call "problems" are, to government sympathizers, actually FEATURES.  Identifying people's locations is probably going to be considered enormously important to the government (if it lasts that long).  And since the government runs all the GPS transmitters, and can presumably modulate the S/A function any way it wishes, it has a leg up on all of us who have to depend on the integrity of the system.  There is also the possibility of them jamming the system locally to either deny the user the ability to make the identification system work and thus deny access, or detect the location of the user by subtly modulating the local signal in such a way as to leak through the otherwise-secure system.  (If we trust it that far, which I don't.)

@_date: 1996-04-13 05:28:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) British Study Claims That Photo Credit Cards Don't    Work 
I get most of my information in this area from Photonics Spectra magazine, and Laser Focus World magazine.
No, Clay, I did not say that the flesh RADIATED near IR. (it does, but only a very tiny amount.)  The identification system I describe would probably use 940 nm IRLEDs to illuminate the face, and a silicon CCD detector to pick up the images.  Or it would use ambient near-IR, perhaps from the sun or a tungsten filament or fluorescent lighting, along with an IR filter to ensure that the CCD camera picked up only the IR bands of interest.  It would be easy to check out the results:  Put such an IR-passing filter in front of a CCD-based camcorder, and take a picture of somebody.
Incidentally, this simplicity shows the flaw in using this kind of system as an identifier:  Since people's faces are usually visible, and can be photographed in the near-IR surreptitiously, it isn't clear how to prevent faking a face which appears to have the same IR signature and pattern.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-13 06:23:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
Here's the problem with this kind of counter-example:  You do not explain whether or not these data structures were actually called "bytes" by the manufacturer, or whether the term "byte" was inflicted later on by people who didn't know better.  Remember, in the absence of any name for a "6-bit data object" I'm sure the temptation was probably very strong to misuse a term, especially in hindsight.
See, I do not challenge the fact that there were plenty of data objects of length other than 8-bits.  The issue is whether or not the people back then actually believed that a correct, official usage of the term "byte" included lengths other than 8.
Dmitri Vulis at least acknowledged that when he looked back into the documentation, he discovered that the term used for his counter-example was "character", not byte.  How many other of these counter-examples would show this kind of thing?

@_date: 1996-04-13 13:30:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
However, looked at from the standpoint of somebody who is not already steeped in it, OUR society is a "pretty bizarre world."  Ostensibly we live in a society that loves freedom, yet it's controlled by a rather tiny number of people who wield an extraordinarily large amount of power.  We can be beaten or killed by agents of the government, and the only time a ruckus seems to be raised is when there happens to be a camcorder nearby, one that the  police do not notice in time.  I haven't heard much speculation about why we never (actually, almost never) see such cases without recordings.
I think it will be resolved by a computer programmer.
I am reminded of the scene in the TV show "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy," when the two philosophers complained to the computer, "Deep Thought" (Assigned the task of answering the question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything"), something like "What's the point of debating the existence of God, when you're going to tell us his address?"
There is precedent for this kind of frustration.  I seem to recall that more than 10 years ago, or more, that the solution/proof for the 4-color mapping problem (The theory that all maps could be colored with at most 4 colors) was done by computer.  It was accomplished, as I recall, by exhaustively testing "all" the various possibilities (having been narrowed down appropriately), and determing that they needed no more than 4 colors.
Mathematicians, who were used to multi-page proofs that a human could actually comprehend and follow on a step-by-step basis, were unhappy that it all came down to a computer.
  Many of us have read Mill, Hayek, Freidman, Nozick, and
I think the thing to remember is that the "worth the price" issue  appears to depend substantially on who you are.  If you're a powerful government official, who fears losing his cushy job and maybe even his life, it may appear to be worth an effort.  From the standpoint of the ordinary citizen, however, if he understands what's at stake he'll recognize that it isn't.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-13 18:14:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
True, I think.  For example, 10-20 years from now there will probably be no need anymore for laws against wiretaps, because crypto telephones will become so cheap and ubiquitous that it will be assumed that anybody saying anything "valuable" on the phone will be using good crypto.  If that's the case, nobody will even bother doing wiretaps, and nobody will ever lose anything as a consequence of being tapped.  There's no point in having a law against a crime that never occurs.
Likewise, "banking secrecy" will become a contractural obligation:  Nobody who isn't privy to this information will be able to retrieve it.  Looked at in this light, laws against victimless crimes can be seen as a last, desperate attempt by government to replace the real crimes which are "lost" to technological developments with placeholders; things the cops can do when nobody needs them.
I think it would be reasonable to present so-called "law enforcement" with an ultimatum:  "Make yourself obsolete within 10 years or we do it for you."  In other words, choose only those crimes which have real victims, and figure out technological ways to either prevent them entirely, or solve then once committed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-13 23:13:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
usefulness but Huh?  You sound like you're trying to correct me, but you're not.  I'm already aware that the magnitude of S/A is adjustable; nothing I've said above contradicts this.
For ordinary C/A code (the kind civilians are allowed to use) it can't "reduce accuracy to 10 meters."  The minimal error in C/A mode is based on atmospheric propagation and other errors.  Adjusting S/A down or off can eliminate the ADDED error, not reduce it below C/A's normal minimum RMS value.
I was being a bit facetious.  Nevertheless, my implication was correct:  The term is "selective availability" and it was specifically chosen to sound "positive" rather than "negative."  (I can't tell you exactly which issue of GPS World magazine mentioned this, but I've read every copy since it was started a few years ago.  It was probably in this magazine.  It would have been more accurate, I suppose, to call this "Newspeak.")
It's called "PPS," for "Precise positioning Service."  Check the most recent issue of GPS World for an article on making that even more accurate.  Nevertheless, even PPS is only accurate to about +/- 2 meters; DGPS is easily accurate to 1 meter, and I've seen ads that talk about 0.15 meter accuracy with differential GPS in C/A mode.
That depends on what you compare it to.  If you compare it to non-differential, C/A code signal, it turns +/- 25 meter (approx, of course) errors to upwards of +/- 100 meter errors, although as I understand it S/A is normally toned down to about +/- 50 meters.  BTW, I don't doubt that DoD has the technical ability to increase S/A even beyond +/- 100 meters, but that would be a pointless exercise.  It would also strongly piss off the average civilian GPS user, and since by far the largest number of GPS users are now civilian (and this number is growing rapidly) the DoD knows which side of its bread is buttered.
And using DGPS, the effect of S/A is essentially nil, since both it and most "natural" (unintentional) errors are cancelled out.  So, what part of "useless" do you not understand?  Please note that I didn't say it had no effect, merely that it was "useless."  As in, no militarily significant effect.    If you still disagree, please formulate a plausible (and, ideally, a PROBABLE) scenario under which the presence of S/A achieves a military benefit based on a rational view of whichever "enemy" you choose.  Since DGPS receivers are available for well under $1000, you're going to have to hypothesize a poverty-stricken enemy indeed. Just a couple of days ago, I saw a note HERE reporting that Clinton had backed down (his normal behavior, interestingly!) and had decided to turn off S/A.  I haven't seen any confirmation of this claim, but then I haven't looked either.  If that report was correct, your opinion is already wrong.
I am fully aware that it could later be turned back on, if there was a genuine reason to do so.  This would be in line with the original intent behind S/A, to turn it on only when there was some real reasons to do so.  Why they did not adopt this planned mode years ago, I don't know.  In other words, "Don't confuse me with the facts."
That's only partially true.  There is nothing to prevent the world-wide distribution of a data stream which represents the complete differential correction data for GPS, broadcast from multiple locations  by FM subcarrier, idle cell-phone site, HF, pager channels, or other.   In fact, it has been argued that it should be transmitted, in the band of the GPS signals(so that a separate differential antenna is not required), from satellites, with the receivers built into GPS units, so that it would be available to everyone no matter where he is.  The attraction of this system, from a government/military standpoint, is that it would tend to foster dependance on this correction system by the average GPS user, and would tend to deter development of DGPS stations independent of the government.  That means that the government would actually be able to keep the "S/A advantage":  When it wants accuracies to be degraded, they will be.  Its current policy, however, practically guarantees that DGPS stations will be broadcasting in every major population center within just a few years.
Isn't it a good thing that government is so (CDA alert!) fucking stupid?
Jim "He only talks about one subject" Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-14 00:40:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
I'm seeing a few notes of this sort which make such claims, but there is not enough information included to establish that anybody _originally_ called those 9-bit data items "bytes" or not.  It appears to me that after the fact, 20+ years later, there is a tendency to call ANYTHING other than a single bit a byte, at least during that time frame.  What I'm looking for, however, is an indication that this was actually the term used, THEN, for that data structure.

@_date: 1996-04-14 01:07:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
Are you sure they're not referring to 8 bits of data and a parity bit?  In any case, please give the address to the list so that it can be checked out.

@_date: 1996-04-14 02:26:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
But if the government of the United States does play "fair," then why can we not play "fair" and kill their agents who violate what we feel is our rights?  After all, the government is merely the representative of the people (at least in theory!) and it 'must' follow the rules (laws, Constitution, etc).  To whatever extent it exceeds those limits, and to whatever extent the public can't get justice to prevent those violations, why would the public be obligated to accept them?
To believe otherwise is to believe that the government has some sort of special dispensation to violate the law.  I don't believe this; it wouldn't surprise me to hear that you do, however.  Which is it?
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-04-14 02:47:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
What I meant was the most honest answer I could give:  I am not a professional programmer.  I have programmed, in APL, Fortran, Algol, PL/1, Pascal, and I can read BASIC's well enough, but not recently.

@_date: 1996-04-14 02:52:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
No, Bill, a "byte" has ALWAYS been 8-bits.  One of the main reasons the term "byte" was invented was because the term "word" (as in, "word length") varied for different computers, especially in the 1960's. (In fact, many computers of that era used word lengths other than 8, 16, 32, 64 bits, as surprising as this may sound to the current crop of PC and Mac afficionados.)  This made it inconvenient to talk about memory capacities unless you were referring to the same machine.  The solution was to invent a new term, "byte," which conviently had about the same size as an ASCII character and was always 8 bits.

@_date: 1996-04-14 13:45:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
I seem to recall seeing this message about 4 days ago, when it was originally posted.  Somehow it is not me who seems to need to "have the last word."  Apparently, not only do you need to have the last word, you need to have it TWICE.

@_date: 1996-04-14 13:59:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Contempt charges 
Despite your silly inferences below, I did not write this note that you are responding to.  However, I'd be happy to enter into a $1000 wager with you on this.  I'll give permission to any anonymous remailer through which this message might have passed (assuming it keeps reverse addresses, many do not) to release the original message IF I sent it.  If I did not, you pay me $1000.  If I did, I pay you $1000.
Deal?  Somehow I don't think you'll take me up on it.
Question:  How can a judge tell he's being treated with "respect" under the conditions described?   Simple answer:  He can't.  What, exactly, would the difference between "respect" and "no respect" be?
Proof would be a bit difficult under the circumstances.  However, I am sure that you consider minor issues such as proof to be of no consequence.

@_date: 1996-04-14 14:31:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Watch your language, Shabbir. 
But that's not entirely the issue.   Mr. Safdar's wording is critical, because it concedes FAR too much about what the government is assumedly entitled to do. Below, you've admitted that everybody here believes in what Mr. Safdar claims "no reasonable person" believes.  Is Mr. Safdar saying we're ALL not reasonable?!?  Are you?
Further, I've read of multiple polls (Unfortunately, I can't quote a specific one) that show that a substantial _majority_ of the population objects to wiretaps under most any circumstance. (The figure I seem to recall was somewhere between 60% and 70%)  If this recollection is true, and if the poll was accurate, there is no reason to believe that even your adjustments to Mr. Safdar's position is a accurate limit on reasonableness.  I claim:
1.  The vast majority of the population does not believe that the ability to wiretap is a government "right."
2.  A majority of the population does not believe that the government should wiretap, even if it is assumed to have this authority.
However, why did he make the claim the way he did?  Is it just sloppy spokesmanship?  Worse, why did no one else catch this gaffe?  Is everybody else asleep? I saw no other commentary indicating that anybody noticed  his statements.   Are they ignoring Mr. Safdar's postings?  Are they not reading them at all?  Do these people not recognize that his comments practically grant the entire enchilada to the government?  Why did he do this?  And why hasn't he corrected what is apparently a huge mistake?
Let's assume that my recollection is correct and most people don't want wiretapping at all.  Why, exactly, should you believe that we're fated to get it anyway? (If you recall, I quoted part of a Brittanica article which said that from 1934 to 1968, a number of attempts to write wiretapping into law FAILED.  Clearly, wiretapping wasn't inevitable then, and it doesn't have to be inevitable now.)
 Consider a hypthetical discussion with some Senator or Representative, where we point out that the public, as a whole, does not want wiretaps at all.  "Why," we should ask, "should wiretaps occur when the public doesn't want them?  Doesn't the majority get its way, at least in situations such as this?  (It violates nobody's rights to NOT have wiretaps.)"
The bigshot could come back and say, "But law-enforcement WANTS wiretaps!"  Our next question should be, "Okay, but why does a tiny fraction of the population get more say in what happens than 70% of the public?  Even if, arguably, wiretaps are beneficial, if the majority says they want to forgo this benefit, why don't they have this privilege?" At this point, the government sleazeball  might not admit to the problem, but I doubt he'd have much of a response.
If, say, 70% or even 60% or 50% of the public doesn't want wiretaps at all,  calling oneself libertarian is not required to share the opinion that government doesn't have the "right" to do them.  Thus, I didn't couch my argument in terms that would require a libertarian to agree with them.  This was intentional:  I wasn't attempting to claim that the politicians are somehow obligated to follow libertarian opinions, but they damn well listen to MAJORITY opinions, at least when they limit what government should do!
Hey, I _was_ adequately polite.  However, unlike many of the people who are asleep at the switch around here, I am observant and I don't accept bullshit just because it is couched in terms that sound friendly.  This incident, and particularly the failure of nearly all of the regular posters to see the problem with Shabbir's comments,  has convinced me that a substantial fraction of the people who regularly post on CP aren't carefully considering issues such as rights of the population when they read this kind of material.  You, at least, acknowledged that wiretapping isn't a "right."  Where is everyone else's objection to Shabbir's statement?
BTW, I'm not suggesting that I think that the majority of the population must necessarily have the "right" to do wiretaps if they want them:  I'm saying that they have a right to NOT do wiretaps.  There is a distinct difference between these two positions.  The constitution may prohibit wiretaps even if the majority wants them; logic and history shows that the constitution does not MANDATE wiretaps even if the majority doesn't want them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-14 14:52:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailer threat: Scientologists may subpoena 
Sounds like forum shopping/defendant shopping/plaintiff shopping.  An excellent idea.  The best part is that COS is one of the most unsympathetic organizations that could possibly be chosen, with the possible exception of the American Nazi Party or the KKK.   The argument of CoS's religious copyright and trade
I sure hesitate to "hope" that the COS thing gets turned into an SC decision, because that means that SOME defendant has to get pulled through the ringer until he eventually wins.  Great for us; terrible for him.
It's at this point that somebody usually observes that the COS could use AP to get rid of its critics.  However, they're forgetting that with AP, its critics can remain absolutely anonymous and still punish COS.  It would be no contest.

@_date: 1996-04-14 16:14:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Lotus Notes 24-bit sellout 
What about the following idea, which I think might have been indirectly discussed a few months ago.  Let's suppose "you" agreed with the NSA to limit their effort to 40 bits, and put 24 bits at the beginning of the file.  The code to do this could be separated and highlighted and identified publicly, and a software patch could be engineered by somebody to NOP this stretch of code to death.  The result is that those 24-bits simply don't appear; you've already gotten the export license.  The NSA doesn't have any real reason to complain:  _ANY_ program can be modified by suitably changing object code bit patterns. An even smaller change would be to put the number of bits to expose ("24") in a byte value ("00011000"), one that will be zeroed by a patch later on.
I guess I'm not really suggesting this; I think that even appearing to come to some arrangement with the NSA is wrong.  However, it would be an excellent way to give the finger to the NSA, because there is no way that they can ensure that a given program is "finagle-proof."

@_date: 1996-04-14 17:17:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Any examples of mandatory content rating? 
It is a poor example. Aircraft parts are not "intellectual property."  They are physical objects.  Their design may be "intellectual property", but they are not being rated BECAUSE of their intellectual property.  In fact, they would be rated for aircraft application even if nothing about their design or construction was patented, copyrighted, or was in any way restricted.
You know, it's amazing how you fail to ask and answer obvious questions when they arise!  Why, exactly, should the government NEED to "make ratings schemes look voluntary when practically speaking they are not"?  After  all, you would love to take the position that the government has this authority anyway.  Is it possible you're just afraid to admit that the government(s) doesn't have this authority?  Is it possible to don't want to acknowledge that the government(s) try to force people do things it has no right to?
Sounds like wishful thinking on your part.  See, unlike movies and TV shows, which are produced by a relatively tiny number of companies which are easily targetable, Internet content will be produced by hundreds of thousands or even millions of sources.  Nobody will have to "make a fuss," they'll merely FAIL to rate their material.  No fuss, just no rating.
And there will be people out here who will excoriate anybody who complies with such a ratings system.  There will be essentially no pressure on the smallest organizations, because there will be far too many of them to target.  Besides, since there will be no enforceable standards they will not be targetable anyway.  Over time, ever larger organizations will refuse to rate, if they ever did.  Eventually, and probably immediately, the whole system would collapse.  At that point, there will be no government "threat" to regulate, because everybody will realize that the system is working just fine without regulation.  Everyone will see an unregulated Internet, and nobody will see a powerful need to regulate it.

@_date: 1996-04-14 17:24:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Cash Escrow 
It seems that FUD got him.  ...sigh...
It does sound like the guy is overreacting a bit.  However, I don't know much about Quebec politics; with that close vote recently on separation, perhaps they are getting nervous about things. Is he in Quebec? I can say, however, that I've never gotten any kind of "official" feedback on the subject, not that I really expect it.  I've gotten a few inquiries which on the surface appear to be innocuous, but which I suspect have hidden motives.  This could be a little hidden official research, or maybe just self-motivated individuals trying to do a "good deed."  It doesn't matter; my idea doesn't need any secrets in order to be successful.

@_date: 1996-04-15 02:40:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Watch your language, Shabbir. 
Exactly!  I think the issue is important enough so that we really ought to develop new wording, something that far more accurately reflects the bulk of our
opinion towards wiretapping.
For years, I've looked at it this way:  Before the telephone era, "all" search warrants were probably issued for a specific address, and had to be served for a limited time period, a few hours or less.  The owners of the location being searched were aware, at the time the search was going on, that the search was occuring.  Moreover, once that search ended it was no more and those searched were aware of it.
Unlike this, and quite unlike any warrants which preceded it, wiretaps:
1.  Take an almost unlimited time period, compared to a 1-hour search.  (Yes, they do come to an end, but...)
2.  The users of the telephone line are not informed, while the search (wiretap) is being done.
3.  To my knowledge, albeit limited, targets of wiretaps are NOT informed, subsequent to the tap, that they have been wiretapped.  Therefore they are denied the opportunity to complain, even after the fact.
I see no legal reason why wiretaps should have the "features" listed above.  There is a certain practical reason they can:  Due to the nature of wiretapping, it is not physically necessary to show up to do the tap, or tell those targeted, or tell them after the tap has been disconnected.  However, it seems very unlikely that the mere fact that an invention allows a kind of search that was possible before, should automatically change the interpretation of the Constitution to allow that search.
If a new invention allowed the cops to walk through walls untraceably, would that automatically mean that the normal protections that search warrants are supposed to provide are no longer valid?  I don't think so!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-15 08:05:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: math patents 
I seem to recall reading that one of the breakthrough "algorithm" patents was from the 1970's, in which a rubber-curing/molding process's cure time was determined by a mathematical formula based on heat, pressure, mold shape, and a number of other variables.   I don't really object to this, because some engineering tasks are complicated and mathematical formulas are required to solve them optimally.  However, I  don't see the basis for patenting what is just about pure mathematics, and RSA is very close to pure math.  The fact that there is a practical use for it is almost a secondary consideration.   If factoring numbers were easy, RSA wouldn't have been useful, even though the math would still have "existed," at least theoretically.  Clearly, it is not the math itself which is useful; it is a specific characteristic of that math, its difficult reversibility.  A person looking for a mathematical algorithm to apply to public-key cryptography probably doesn't try to do new math; what he tries to do is to find old math that has this characteristic.  Had mathematics always been patentable, the patent on that math would have expired at least decades, and possibly centuries ago.
In any case, I don't think it's unrealistic to suspect that the government was playing games with the patent system due to RSA.  After all, let's get back to basics:  What, exactly, does a patent do?  A patent on RSA doesn't prevent the EVIL SOVIETS from using it.  It doesn't "allow" the USG to use it; if there was no patent on it they'd be able to use it for free.  The only thing a patent on RSA might arguably do is to keep other people, mostly Americans, from using it.  That's right, the patent system was actuallly denying the public this system.

@_date: 1996-04-15 08:37:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
That's strange.  George Orwell (in the book "1984") said "Freedom is slavery.  War is Peace."  etc.  In 1993 Waco, the FBI said "This is not an Today, Unicorn says, "I will not, of course, reply to Bell's reply"
I would have to agree that yours is not a _good_ reply, but it sure appears to be some kind of reply, despite your silly claim.
we There are over 150 nations in this world, today.  Each of them probably has a different view of what "due process rights" are.  Which nation's "due process rights" are you referring to?  And are you referring to the letter of the law (or Constitution) or merely what passes for "due process" in each of these countries?   Are you showing your biases by using a term of art such as "due process rights" at all?
In any case, not all criminals at not all times are entitled to "due process."  Self-defense is legitimate, without trial, in the case of an emergency.  I suggest that what constitutes an "emergency" depends on the likelihood of getting assistance and justice if that self-defense and counter-attack is foregone.   If you've just managed to tie your attacker to a tree, and the cops are a phone call away, society declares that you shouldn't shoot him, and should let the court system handle it.  However, if you're a black in 1955 Mississippi, and the sheriff's brother has just attacked you with a knife out in the woods and you grab a gun and are holding him at bay, I think it is not unreasonable to conclude that the fairest outcome that you can expect is to shoot him dead for his stupidity, then run and hope that nobody figures out who did it.
And the whole basis for asking people to forego their own version of justice is simple:  Society claims that courts exist to provide justice, and also claims that a criminal who's caught will get a fair trial.  But it's obvious that government will not judge its own agents fairly (except in unusual cases where incriminating videotape exists, and sometimes not even then), so there is no presumption that a person victimized by government can expect justice.  I think it's clear that whatever "social contract" that you might want to claim exists no longer applies in such a circumstance, and it's reasonable to act entirely outside the current "justice system" in those circumstances.  Naturally, government thugs will disagree, but they're PAID to disagree!
More accurately, it occasionally attempts to APPEAR to do this.  But since the government, through the SC, claims to be the final arbiter of what those "due process rights" are, you can't expect an unbiased opinion from it in this area.
In fact, to a "rich" person it would look like quite the opposite situation!  Even a relatively small number of non-rich people could finance his death, and he wouldn't even know who his enemies are.  As usual, you show almost not grasp of the concept.  Your opposition is based on your desire to maintain the current tyrannical system, or at least enough of it to allow you to keep your current privileged position. Is that relevant?  I don't recall ever having stated or implied that the USG is the worst offender, either qualitatively or quantitatively.  However, it _is_ an offender.  Sounds like you're trying to set up a straw-man again; par for the course for you.
Unfortunately, I think that Unicorn hasn't recognized anything.
I've never supported "general terrorism."  In any case, the term has been abused over the years so that it carries a lot of rhetorical baggage.  If you know of a "terrorist" that would  prefer to attack innocent civililians (those who are not government employees) instead of the people who are really causing the trouble, please  tell me who he is.   And "low-intensity conflict", in many cases, exists ONLY because the government maintains it.  Much of the warfare in the inner cities, for instance, exists ONLY because of the so-called "war on drugs."    I think it's realistic to conclude that this is not simply an accident.
For a long time, governments at all levels and in all countries have been "getting away with it."  I favor a system that makes this impossible.  You don't.
What gear?  which machine?  I must be a gear that got away!
Having not read his manifesto, I hesitate to comment.  However, from what I've read about it, he's long on discussing what he sees as being the problem, short on prescribing a practical solution. And he seemed to select his targets without regard to whether killing them would do any "good."    I'm quite the opposite:  I don't pretend that my AP essays contain a complete description of what I see as the problem, or even the outline of it.  In fact, I carefully avoided the issue in most cases, for that would have increased its length manyfold.  (I assumed that most people who read it would already have at least been aware of many problems, whether or not they conclude that my solution is justified by them.  I don't claim that my view of the problems is somehow special, merely that everyone knows of enough problems to justify formulating a solution.) My solution, however, despite being distasteful to some people, is frequently if not usually thought of as being not only possible, but in fact I intend to go THROUGH it, every bit of it.  But it isn't just me; essentially everthing I've described is merely the unavoidable consequence of the modern developments of networking, good encryption, and digital cash, three facts that no government is going to be able to stop.  Some of what I've discussed was considered years ago by others; I've merely extended it.
 That's not true.  Hey, they can always resign!  And I've repeatedly stated that most of them will resign, especially when their paychecks stop coming.

@_date: 1996-04-16 08:02:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: GPS privacy/ECM 
True, but we'll still need DGPS for 1-meter accuracy, as opposed to 20-meter accuracy for uncorrected C/A GPS.
Jim Bell, N7IJS

@_date: 1996-04-16 10:55:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Infrared photography 
1100 sounds pretty far into the IR spectrum for silver-halide film to pick up, but I don't know how far they can "push" film to do this.  Silicon CCD image pickups peak at somewhere around 900 nm, but they can probably handle 1100 nm at a reduced sensitivity.
Do you mean "constant" over time?  Fingerprints are fairly constant, I assume artery and vein number and location is fairly constant too if major weight gains and losses can be ignored.  What I don't know is how unique such blood vessel patterns are, compared to fingerprints.  The huge numbers frequently given to show how unique fingerprint patterns are, and thus how reliable fingerprinting techniques are often based on a full set of 10 fingerprints, not just one print.

@_date: 1996-04-16 14:29:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What can the judge do to me? 
He may answer those questions, but I don't think he'll dare answer the question about if there is a constituional justification for a difference between "civil" and "criminal" in most things the government's courts do.  My impression is that the "civil" classification is often simply used to dilute or eliminate the various constitutional protections that the government hasn't yet dared to remove from areas it calls "criminal."
Too bad we won't get a straight answer...
We also won't get a straight answer about the constitutional justification for "contempt of court" penalties at all!  The Constitution defines the powers of government; it does not restrict those of the people. The idea that a judge can punish someone, especially someone not present in court, is bizarre.  It is even more odd when such punishment appears to exceed what the government is allowed to do absent any kind of jury decision and If you're willing to accept NON-Constitutional "justifications," I'm sure you'll get plenty of that.
The only hint of a Constitutional obligation to testify comes from an amendment which states that defendants have a right to compel testimony favorable to them; it does not say that prosecution has the right to compel testimony from a third party that incriminates a defendant.    If his response is, "Oh, but we've ALWAYS done it that way!", you need to remember that until the American Civil war, slavery was legal in southern states, and until 1920 women weren't allowed to vote, and until 1955 "separate but equal" was the law of the land, until 1972 or so the death penalty was constitutional...and then it wasn't...and then it was again...and so on.  Government is never willing to admit it's wrong until it's good and ready.  That doesn't mean we can't express our own opinions "prematurely."
I'd sure like to hear the "why" behind this stuff, but I won't...  Sigh.

@_date: 1996-04-16 15:04:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What can the judge do to me? 
Above, I merely asked a question that you still can't answer.  The fact that courts claim that there is a difference between "civil" and "criminal" does not mean that any such difference is constitutionally mandated, or for that matter even allowed.  Nothing in your response showed otherwise.
Does that mean that it would have been constitutionally impermissible to take the different position that ALL fines are ultimately "punitive"?  That position is apparently not _excluded_ by the constituion, which means that at best, you might try to argue that your position is _allowed_ by the constitution.  But since the Constitution is, indeed, the statement of the government's authority, not its limits, that would be a contradiction.  The obvious conclusion is that your sentence above is simply unsupported by the Constitution, as are many of your statements below.  I'm not claiming that you are, necessarily, the source of the contradiction:  Obviously, most of it is simply governmental misbehavior that you are reporting.
You do love those circular arguments, don't you!  Maybe it's pointless to ask you why anybody has to "comply with a court order."   I've already asked this before:  What, in the Constitution, gives judges authority over non-defendant citizens?
A paragraph which is delightfully free of constitutional justification.  It apparently merely parrots the decisions of courts, it doesn't explain them.  Typical Unicorn behavior.
Hmmm...  I wonder why? I mean, would it have been impossible for the SC to have declared that regardless of those assertions, ALL such sanctions require those "procedural protections."  Unicorn has no answer, as usual.
Hint:  If the position you support is true, then you should be able to show me evidence that no other alternative position is consistent with the Constitution.   As long as you cannot show that one PARTICULAR interpretation is uniquely supported,  you haven't supported this particular claim. No constitutional justification, again.  Ho hum.
Unicorn fails to show that "Proper administration of justice" requires contempt charges.  And the most obvious problem with the "to which every citizen is entitled" argument is that it is vastly overbroad:  If it could be used in this instance, it could be used to justify beating confessions out of prisoners, shooting unarmed suspects, and practically every other act that somebody claimed was necessary for "the proper administration of justice."
After all, consider how "justice" was administered 300 years ago.  I'm sure those people did a lot of things, based on a claim that it was necessary for "the proper administration of justice."  Was it really?
What, BTW, is "proper"?
Is that a satisfactory justication for your position?
Where, EXACTLY, did I claim that it was a "new" development?  I've carefully re-read my statements, and I see nothing that states or even implies this.  Continuing to knock down that straw man, huh?
In 1860, slavery was considered vital to the running of much of the US.  So?
[a couple other old decisions excised because they are irrelevant, and they are irrelevant because I didn't claim this was a "new" development."]
Which simply means that what a court thinks it "needs" is frequently wrong.  If courts "needed" pressing, why do they no longer do it?  Hmmmmm?  Apparently, it wasn't really necessary, and thus, any justifications based on the claim that it was necessary were dishonest.  As are your justifications today, on a somewhat different issue.
I've long pointed out that your own arguments self-destruct, and perhaps that was the most laughable example.
Generally in a non-slavery society, if you want people to do something for you, you hire them at a wage they will accept, and they'll happily do what you want.  It's called "capitalism."  Too bad courts still believe in slavery.
Tell me, if _I_ "summon" somebody, do they have to show as well?  If not, why should a "court" have any such authority.
If it's testimony in favor of the prosecution, and I don't want to give that testimony, I see no constitutional justification for forcing me to do so.
You'll probably try to claim that this testimony is "necessary."  Let's suppose I was out of the country and was unavailable for subpoena.  The trial would go on, anyway, so obviously my testimony was not "necessary" by any logical definition.  It was merely desirable, by somebody's opinion.  Sure, the prosecution may lose the case, but the prosecution doesn't have a "right" to win the trial, now does it?  At best, it only has the "right" (arguably; but even that "right" is conditional) to have a trial.  The outcome is not guaranteed!
is I said it was "bizarre."  I did not say it was "uncommon."
BTW, note that "late filing fees" assumes that somebody is obligated to file something, and likewise "Administrative fines" assumes that somebody is entitled to levy them, etc.  We won't get into taxes, that would take FAR too long.
But they apparently don't have to be.  Arbitration is an option.
I notice that you failed to address the point.  You're unable to find any Constitutional justification for compelling prosecution testimony.  There is no constitutionally-defined mechanism for it, either.   That's because none I am well aware of the misbehavior of government.  The issue is constitutional justifications for it.  They seem to be, well, practically 5>was followed, and you need to transcend your political Yaddaing into a set I'm working on it.  But you won't like the outcome; there will be no "kings", either stated or implied, in the system I am crafting.  No centralizations of power at all.  It will be a system you can't understand.
and That's spelled "precedent."  But why am I telling you this?

@_date: 1996-04-17 04:15:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [IRS] Elvis in Escrow 
I have a solution to this problem.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-17 05:49:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: math patents 
part, the background material minus footnotes.  Although it's a bit dated, Thanks for the reference, and yes, the article was very interesting.  As usual, it sounds like the legal system has gotten the whole thing screwed up.  I am still mystified, however!  If I understand the thrust of the legal cases you cited, purely mathematical algorithms are still not patentable, yet the patents on public-key cryptography are about the most purely mathematical ones that could be imagined.  They are not an element in the process, they ARE the process.
To recap, I've asserted (with no definitive proof, obviously) that when public-key cryptography was invented, in about 1976, the US government decided that it wanted to restrict it as much as possible from ordinary US citizens.  Due to the 1st amendment, legal restrictions on speech would not fly, and copyright was out because that would only have protected one particular program, if even that much.  The final alternative, patent protection, was essentially unavailable (or thought to be so) because of the traditional non-patentability of software and mathematics.
Patents would not have prevented the Russians from using RSA, nor any other foreigners, so as far as I can see the only group of people impaired by the RSA patent were American citizens as a group.  To me, there are at least two mysteries that need to be solved here.  The first is why the cryptography patents were issued in the first place.  The second, and perhaps even more incriminating, has to do with why the patents were applied for.  Because the patent application has to be filed within a year of disclosure, the RSA patent would have to have been filed at latest by April of 1977.  Yet, that predates some of the earliest cases in your article by a year or more.  I've never heard a cogent explanation as to how R, S, and A decided that a "doomed" patent application was worthwhile, unless they had some insider information that the Gottschalk v. Benson case would be essentially ignored and the patent granted anyway.
This isn't unrealistic paranoia or conspiracy theory, either.  It is reasonable to assume that since the government would be the first, largest beneficiary of keeping RSA out of the hands of the public, and since the government made up and controlled the patent office and the court system as well, it could easily have made a decision that RSA was going to be patented, and Messr's Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman told of their luck in plenty of time to apply for a patent.  The other cases from 1978 on might simply have been window-dressing, to make it look like the courts had had a change of heart unrelated to the subject of public-key cryptography.
My question is this:  "Is there anything you're aware of that contradicts this impression?"  Or, is there a way to confirm this?

@_date: 1996-04-18 03:50:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What's the "Human Interaction Institute" at CMU For ??? 
A different (and rather funny) treatment of a similar concept was done in the 1967 (?) movie, "The President's Analyst," with James Coburn, Godfrey Cambridge, Severn Darden.

@_date: 1996-04-18 03:52:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Clinton blathering about Internet terror 
But he's still dishonestly trying to make it look like the danger is to ordinary individuals, rather than government functionaries.
So what's wrong with this?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-18 07:47:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A possible problem with more regulation possible? 
I'd like to hear of some estimates of the cost (total, and per-user) of installing the system, and running Internet on a daily basis.  They are spread out over a large number of entities, but I'd think they could be estimated with at least a factor-of-two precision.
What are the costs of laying fiber?  Switching equipment? etc.

@_date: 1996-04-18 10:24:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bernstein case decisision (fwd) 
[stuff deleted]
It looks like this judge is well on her way to throwing out the portion of ITAR which deals with software of all kinds, not merely digitized source code originally from books.  That's progress, of a sort.
I'm still waiting to see what that "Burns bill" will be all about.  Since that bill is supposed to deal directly with the issues this judge has already shown sense on, I think that this bill ought to be no less generous with computer software exports than an anticipated court decision WRT ITAR will be.   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-19 08:49:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
True, as far as it goes.  But I see an even bigger threat to password security.  Yesterday, I subscribed to the New York Times Net News service.  It asked me to select a username, and a password.  Obviously, smart people are not going to the same password on multiple systems that they expect might be exchanging information, but we all know that reality is that people DO this, especially on systems they don't initially expect a great deal of security on.
The problem is that a service like that (or a BBS operator, etc) at least as a passing chance of figuring out a person's password, or the password itself is a clue as to what kind of keyspace to search.  (Upper case only?  mixed?  Only text?  Spaces used?  Etc.)
Besides that, the password is probably passed in the clear.  I think what is needed is a system to transform a password (perhaps by hashing, then perhaps encryption) so that the BBS/other service receives no useful information as to  the password, or the method used to select the password, or for that matter the length of the password.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-20 12:57:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
He's a person whose entire income stream (or most of it, probably) is derived from the misbehavior of government.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-20 14:44:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Baby-Food Bombing and highly selective quoting 
Here's a question, however:  What, exactly, stands between the way it is supposedly done, today, and wiretapping with none of these "protections."  I see nothing in the Constitution which mandates them, at least explicitly, which suggests that the thugs might simply decide, tomorrow, that they are not really necessary after all.  Is it possible that the only reason these protections are in place is to provide a window-dressing of caution, to ensure that the disgust of the public doesn't get too great?
And another question I've never seen a satisfactory answer for:  Why is there not an automatic policy to inform the person tapped, at least after the tap is removed, analogous to the level of information the victim of a search warrant normally gets?
Jim Bell
jimbell at Pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 06:36:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wiretapping v warrants 
But were these "protections" the product of a law passed by Congress?
I'm feeling much better....NOT!
It's called "Right to Keep and Bear Arms."
The reason you don't know is simply that there is no _Constitutional_ reason.  There is merely a practical one:  The act of wiretapping does not automatically inform those tapped, in the same way that service of a search warrant does, so the government CONVEEEENIENTLY forgets to tell them.  Most government suck-ups don't even want to address this issue; they have no explanation.  Unlike them, you acknowledged that you weren't away of the reason why.
I seem to recall a news item from Washington state within the last couple of years in which a conviction was thrown out because evidence was obtained  with thermal-IR imagers.  You know, look for the hot house and it's being used to grow pot.  Problem is, that kind of viewing is not normally publicly apparent, so a citizen has a reasonable belief that it can't be used against him.  In another case, in Oregon, the use of night-vision goggles to observe people (at least in collecting evidence) was thrown out, for the same reason:  Even if, arguably, people were out "in public," they had a reasonable expectation that they would not be observed if they were careful to remain in the dark.
One more thing:  Until about 1968, the private use of tiny recording microphones, in public, was essentially unlimited.  About that year, in many states, it was restricted. (In some states it's illegal to record conversations by surreptitious means, EVEN IF you're a party to that conversation.  How bizarre!)  My theory is that politicians recognized, correctly, that they would be the ones most subject to such recording, and since they engaged in incriminating (bribery) conversations fairly regularly, they didn't want lobbyists to be able to collect a series of recorded conversations that could later be used against the politician if they later fell out of favor.
The reason I consider "the system" to be so crooked is that it tries to get away with things like this whenever it can.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 06:44:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 5th protect password? 
As you might expect, I see a problem (and a pattern!) with even these examples.  Notice that with the possible exception of "handwriting specimens", the examples above all represent pieces of evidence whose utility was only made technologically possible by developments done more than a century after the writing of the Constitution.  Fingerprints have only come into use in this century, voiceprints only in the last 30 or so years, blood samples were only uniquely identifiable within the last 10-15 or so, etc.  I think even graphology (handwriting analysis) for legal purposes is likewise comparatively recent, although there is no obvious technological reason which this should have been so.  The last category, "other items of physical evidence" is too unspecific to interpret.
The problem?  Well, with the exception of the polygraph (whose reliability is severely (!) in doubt), I can't think of another technology which has been denied to cops by refusing their insistence on being given evidence.  The implication, unfortunately, is that whereever a new technology pops up, the courts regularly ignore the fifth amendment, finding some excuse to insist that a defendant provide evidence.  This really isn't surprising:  Remember, the Constitution was written by _revolutionaries_, while the infringements on that Constitution are done by _bureaucrats_.  Any bureaucratic interpretation of the Constitution is inherently flawed;  the proper, "revolutionary" interpretation of the 5th amendment is that a defendant should in no way be required to cooperate with the prosecution if the results of that cooperation could conceivably be used to convict him.
Anyone who denies this should be required to make a list of the kinds of evidence which was regularly demanded of a 1783-era defendant.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 09:11:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [EVENT] cheap date w/Bob Dole 
[stuff deleted]
What, exactly, are the "restrictions on strong crypto in the U.S.?
I'm _still_ waiting to see the text of this bill.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 12:03:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: OS/2 encryption utilities 
You know, I've always thought it odd how some people misuse the English language when they speak in their chosen shorthand.  "bring discovery violations"?  How, exactly, does one _BRING_ a "discovery violation"?   Like, maybe, bring it in a whellbarrow?!?   Is "bring" a proper word in this context?  Why not stop using that silly shorthand.
BTW, you seem to have forgotten that this would be an excellent way to deter the kind of "knock and smash" warrant service common amongst government thugs.  Any argument by the cops that "we must break down the door or else they'll erase the data!" is rendered obviously silly if the data is ALREADY encrypted and inaccessible. If anything, it would make the data permanently inaccessible since it would make (arguably) the release of a decrypt key "incriminating" if it were a criminal case. Yet another excellent reason to encrypt the data is that it deters burglaries, where the purpose of the burglary is to get this data illegally.  Given the COS's history, that is a reasonable fear.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 12:11:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Georgia Legislation - Remailer Effect??? 
[much scary but useful  information deleted]
Well, I love to be an "I told you so."  Back when nearly everybody was fawning over the Leahy bill, I (and a few other people, to their credit) was telling you about its likely effect on the usage of encrypted remailers.  Not surprisingly, my warnings were eventually recognized to be accurate, at least potentially so.  Fortunately (I hope?) we were also told that "they" (government thugs, etc) would definitely oppose that bill, a claim which if true, would guarantee its quick death _IF_ the opposition of Internet-friendly people was also present. Now we see that if the thugs can't get what they want by Federal legislation, they're gonna try to sneak it through by state law.  Hey, it's really doubtful that even NATIONAL law can have a prayer of controlling the Internet; I really doubt that Georgia is going to succeed at this attempt.  Most likely it isn't even constitutional, and it certainly isn't compatible with the First amendment or the Federal regulation of most communications Even so, this shows just how desperate the statists have become to try to get a foothold into the regulation of the Internet.  Ignore this at your own Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 15:20:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: OS/2 encryption utilities 
Much better!  They might not make such an "assumption," however it's an issue that must be addressed.  I think that search done by COS lawyers last year (can't recall the target; I'm sure somebody recalls it) in which they not only copied data but also erased it from the hard disk...including other material not relevant to the case... is instructive.  At least in hindsight, this was an improper search using improper techniques, which improperly allowed the defendant to damage the property searched.  Surely you agree that was in error, whether or not you agree that the whole search was wrong, per se.  There is certainly a good justification to make it as difficult as possible for those wanting to serve a search warrant in an _abusive_ fashion.  Pre-encrypting the data would have ensured that the COS had access to none of the data while appeals occurred, and would have required that they continue to justify the search SUBSEQUENT TO its completion in order to have the judge compel some sort of key.  If, arguably, the behavior at the search was wrong, that fact would have been citable as evidence of the abusive nature of their original  request.  As it is, COS was allowed to run roughshod over Constitutional rights, they abused a court, etc. Moreover, none of this was reversible, in REALITY.  You can't turn back the clock and undo the search or the erasure of data, etc.  And I think my original conclusion was correct:  While most people don't encrypt most data NOW, in a few years just about everybody who has "sensitive" data will be using some sort of system to do this.  At that point, the reality will be that search warrants will be issued _without_  any presumption that the evidence in any computer in the place will be identifiable, and thus the argument "we've gotta go in or the evidence will disappear!" will be obviously wrong.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-21 15:21:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 5th protect password? 
No, I am not "ignoring legal realities."  I am NOTING them, and noting that they form a suspicious pattern.  I do not deny that these items are currently  demanded regularly in certain cases; what I challenge is the appropriateness of that demand by historical and Constitutional standards.  Yikes! You REALLY need to learn to read!  I wasn't referring to handwriting itself , or for that matter to graphology ( the study of handwriting; which goes back perhaps 2000 years) but in fact the _forensic_ use of graphology.  The point is that the demanding of handwriting samples is a fairly new concept, at least compared with the writing of the Constitution and the 5th amendment.  I'm sure a REAL LAWYER (TM) reading this note will cite the first known example of a handwriting example being demanded by a court.  What do you want to bet that it first occurred in this century?
Which simply means that they have to have more justification than a shotgun-approach inquiry.
If that were the case, there there would be no justification for demanding a handwriting sample.  Nevertheless, it is apparently done.   And while a handwriting sample, ALONE, may not be "proof" of something, like most evidence it is used in conjunction with other evidence to support a conclusion.
In any case, the initial reference to handwriting samples came from the Supreme Court, as quoted above, not me.  Pay more attention.  I was using the commentary of the SC to show that most if not all of the kinds of evidence demanded of defendants were NOT demande until well over a century after the 5th amendment was written.
No, that's a larger issue. Graphology is a tool which can be used, but there are plenty of other technologies which are also useful on questioned documents.  Paper analysis, ink analysis, electron microscopy, text analysis, to name just a few.  That wasn't the point, however.
Question:  Let's suppose, for the purposes of argument, the policy was diametrically opposite, and no such samples were taken, ostensibly because that would be in violation of the 5th amendment.   Please explain the arguments you would use to convince everybody that this opinion was in error.  Remember, you couldn't cite precedent, because all the precedent would come to the opposite conclusion.  You would have to explain to people why the precedents were all wrong.
See the problem?  Lawyers are full of "appeal to authority" arguments, which is what a precedent really is.  But precedents can be wrong, are wrong, and are occasionally changed.  I pointed out (correctly, I think) that since well over 100+ years after the writing of the 5th amendment, there has been a pattern of allowing prosecutors to demand evidence of a defendant whenever that evidence is considered useful to incriminate that defendant.  I pointed out that all of the examples listed in the quotation above represented types of evidence that would not have been collected in 1783, or for that matter 1883, or even a few decades after this.  As such, there is a reasonable doubt that the people who wrote the constitution actually intended to allow this sort of thing. After all, the fact that a given technique is, arguably, useful cannot be automatically used to justify its "reasonableness."  After all, confessions can be useful to the cops, but that does not automatically grant the cops the right to beat confessions out of their prisoners, does it?  Clearly not.  And remember, there were a number of examples listed, so I think there is a suspicious pattern.  Your response does not address this issue. I don't think that challeges anything I've already said.  And you cut off the part where I challenged people to show the kinds of evidence regularly demanded of a defendant in 1783, which was about when the 5th amendment was Aha!  Yet another person who benefits from current government policy! Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-22 05:11:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 5th protect password? 
Is this "a distinction without a difference"???  This is odd.  By mentioning those exceptions you just destroyed your argument.  If you were trying to claim that "identification"-intended evidence was not protected by the 5th amendment, mentioning samples taken to detect drugs are obviously not of this type.  The implication is that they represent an entirely different class of "non-violations" of the 5th amendment.  How many other non-violations are you going to be able to pull out of that hat, along with that rabbit?
This, as you might expect, is getting hilarious.  Somehow, I think everything that might be construed as a violation of the 5th is going to be called "a special case" or "an exception" by those who see no problem, or at least those who are not willing to admit to a problem. What's so hard about admitting that the powers-that-be in this country today chafe at the protections guaranteed in the Bill of Rights, and try to do everything in their power to minimize or eliminate them?  It's certainly not an unexpected possibility, and in fact most people probably recognize that it is unavoidable.  Once you are dragged, kicking and screaming, to an admission that this kind of thing actually happens, your next task is to identify current policy practices which are the product of this kind of See, my argument is that there is a pattern of violation of the 5th amendment, and glory be, you provide yet more ammunition for my claims.  I think you need to go back, try to figure out the originally intended meaning of the 5th, and differentiate it from the subsequent 210+ years of wishful thinking on the part of the government.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-22 11:23:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 5th protect password? 
And _my_ point was that before about 1900 or so, the various "identification" (your distinction, not mine)
examples that were listed by the SC were not demanded, and not regularly demanded.  I came to what I considered (and still consider) a reasonable conclusion: The Constitution does not support (and certainly does not OBVIOUSLY support) exceptions based on identification principles.  I don't doubt that somebody could have presented this (the "identification" aspect) as intended to sound like a reasonable exception; the issue is whether this is just an opportunistic justification or whether there is some logical basis for this position.
That latter conclusion would have been stronger if there had been no exceptions to the 5th amendment other than identification techniques. But the "straw that broke the camel's back" principle is at work here:  Having added the drug-testing issues to the mix, the fig leaf has dimished in size, and it becomes harder (and, in fact, impossible) to explain why the natural interpretation of a document written in 1783 could be so CONVEEEEENIENTLY re-interpreted so as to allow exceptions which were did not become technologically "interesting" for 150-200 more years.  The most obvious interpretation is that whenever an investigative technology that the cops would like to use appears, and if that technology appears to be proscribed by some Constitutional protection, the Constitution is automatically re-interpreted to allow it anyway.  The exceptions occur only when the new technique is so unreliable (polygraph, for instance) that certainty of test results can't be guaranteed.  This is particularly true when the technique has just as much, if not more, ability to cause an acquittal as a conviction.
The reason this subject is NOT noise is that the issue of providing decrypt keys is going to be a more and more important issue, and it is vital
that faulty precedents be replaced by good ones.  It would be very useful to be able to prove that the only reason these "exceptions" are considered exceptions is that somebody thought they'd be a useful investigative technique, and was pissed when it was denied to him.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-23 14:28:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [Laffs] Citizen in need of correction 
In the spirit of Ivan Dragomiloff and the Lord High Executioner, I'll take that contract!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-23 19:32:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 5th protect password? 
Tell this to Unicorn.  He seems to disagree, although he hasn't cited specifics yet.
Adding the conditional "for graphological purposes," I can't.  I was merely referring to a SC decision previously quoted here.  The writing of that reference didn't make clear what purposes the sample could be used for.
No.  What I was trying to do is to get people to stop thinking of legal precedent as being some sort of end-all incident that makes all further discussion pointless.  If that's really the case, and this would today be considered a clear violation of the 5th, what does that say about the claim that "current government policy" must be right?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-24 17:35:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] [Wager: Seeming Resolution] 
What "kill"?  Unicorn claimed a few days ago that he THOUGHT that his challenge would never be accepted, ostensibly because of haggling by me.  I interpret this as unwillingness to bargain in good faith (sandbagging), which is reasonable given Unicorn's track record.  Given this thinly-veiled warning of dishonesty, it is only realistic that I would not want to accept his challenge.  Notice that he hasn't presented what he would claim to be the scope of the conditions, which suggests that he's going to try to spring them on me later.  I, for one, am not going to accept the legal equivalent of a witch-doctor's example, and I don't think anyone else here would find that to be acceptable either.
Further, all this is merely  an attempt to distract from the issue that I raised, one that Unicorn hasn't dared to talk about yet: I claimed that of the examples quoted in that SC decision, which were cited as exceptions to 5th amendment protections in the US, all of them represent examples which were only considered technologically useful in the last 100 years, the oldest being fingerprinting.  Given this, it is easy to conclude that there is no realistic basis for an interpretation that they are genuinely exceptions to 5th amendment protections, and were allowed simply because they were useful.
Isn't it interesting how Unicorn always seems to dodge the analysis and replace it with precedent?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-24 18:33:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 5th protect password? 
As I recall from a message a day ago, you claimed that you saw no way that we could come to any kind of agreement as to the terms and conditions.  I'm willing to accept your word on this prediction.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-24 18:35:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
I see no contradiction, here.  Weaver's credibility, at least to his telling the truth, is apparently unchallenged.  The FBI, however, has been caught in numerous lies about Ruby Ridge, and the believability of its informants (at least, to the extent that the FBI itself can be trusted to relay their reports accurately) is highly in doubt.  The government spent about $1.5 million to get a minor, first-time (alleged) criminal.  There is no obvious or logical basis for such extreme interest, even in hindsight based on what we now know.  An objective person analyzing this would have to conclude that the government's interest in Weaver was entirely different than what it was claimed to be, and if it was that important it is logical to conclude that fraud was not beyond their capability and motivation.  Given the fact that the government actually faked evidence in the trial (photographs of shell casings), a fact that was brought out during trial, anything they say is not Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-24 19:56:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: crypto in .ja (fwd) 
quoted from article:
Notice that Stewart Baker didn't include as one of those groups, "The public."  In a typical Freudian slip, he reveals that the interests of the public don't seem to count for much, according to government-types like he used to be.
Why is it that I suspect that there are no greater "constitutional restraints" on wiretapping in Japan; just more concern to maintaining constitutional behavior?
More distortions.  Baker tries to imply that the decision on what is exportable bears no relationship to what is considered sufficient, whereas in fact we know that export approval practically requires an insecure system.
He continues to ignore public interest...  And lest he try to imply that government represents that "public interest," I should hasten to add "individual interest."
I would hardly characterize the US's policy towards encryption as "laissez faire."  The moment the patents on public-key encryption were granted, that presented a substantial impediment towards the use of that system by the public.  That ain't "laissez faire"!  The act of proposing Clipper was intended to deter competing systems of unescrowed encryption.  That ain't "laissez fair."
A "more accessible encryption standard"?   War is peace.  Freedom is slavery.  Plaintext is encrypted.
"Little law enforcement reason"???  Uh, pardon me, but could you mention what that little reason is?
What Baker forgot to say is that there may be an equally strong antipathy to wiretaps among Americans, according to polls I've heard of. The difference is, the people aren't getting their way WRT wiretaps.   And the Clipper proposal was DOA here, as well.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-24 21:54:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Meta: The Arguing about the Terms of the Wager Continues 
Who says?  Unicorn started by making an unbelievable challenge (especially given the fact that he, unlike I, is anonymous) and THEN he claimed that he didn't believe we'd ever agree to terms, etc.
This sounds like weaseling to me.  Let Unicorn FIRST identify himself.  Then we'll see who's "weaseling."

@_date: 1996-04-24 22:13:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] [Wager: Seeming Resolution] 
At the very least, he'd have to IDENTIFY himself at least to the extent that I have done so.  Name, address, telephone number, etc.  As you quoted me above, you are aware that my point was that the SC-listed exceptions to the 5th amendment were recent and didn't have older US precedent.  I claimed that there was no logical reason to believe that such claimed exceptions were anything other than comparatively recent excuses given to allow violations of the 5th amendment.   While I am not totally disinterested in foreign examples, that was NOT the area under discussion. A foreign example is irrelevant because it does not challenge my claim. Notice that Unicorn has studiously avoided my original observation.

@_date: 1996-04-25 16:12:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: trusting the processor chip 
This analysis seems to assume that the entire production run of a standard product is subverted.  More likely,I think, an organization like the NSA might build a pin-compatible version of an existing, commonly-used product like a keyboard encoder chip that is designed to transmit (by RFI signals) the contents of what is typed at the keyboard.  It's simple, it's hard to detect, and it gets what they want.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-26 21:32:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] What is "laser material"? 
Hydrogen and fluorine, possibly.  Some of the more energetic lasers use this Jim "He only talks about one thing" Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-26 23:23:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: trusting the processor chip 
You don't understand the subject, do you?  While it is possible to determine a great deal of information  from RF, there is an enormous difference in effort between analyzing the output of an uncooperative, inadvertent transmitter and a "cooperative" one.  The most commonly understood source of RF signals come from CRT's, called Van Eck radiation.  But passwords don't generally appear on CRT displays, so that is of limited value.  I don't doubt that standard keyboards produce RF that might be analyzed, their output is probably not particularly easy to detect against a background of processor RFI.  (It's short and low-amplitude)   Far easier to analyze would be a chip that loudly and longly transmitted the current typed keyboard character, perhaps in some sort of serial binary code, possibly by driving the keyboard scanning lines according to a pre-arranged pattern designed to emit RF at a particular rate based on the clock oscillator.  This transmission would be just about undetectable to anyone who didn't have a whole raft of sophisticated detection equipment.  However, to those who know what to look for, it would probably be relatively easy to see. One particularly important reason for using such a chip, which you entirely overlooked, is that many computers are at sites with more than one, and in some cases many more than one computer.  Their signals will mix, obviously, and will be very hard to separate.  If it is possible to replace a keyboard chip with a Trojan Horse, the one desired target will be far more identifiable.
Jim "He only talks about one thing" Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-27 11:05:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: trusting the processor chip 
By NSA standards, it is simple.  NSA has probably had its own semiconductor fabs for 30+ years.  Even if we assume that their capabilities lag commercial production in terms of density or quality, keyboard encoder chips were trivial 20+ years ago and could presumably be easily duplicated/modified today by even the oldest operating fabs.  They probably had far less than 10,000 transistors.  Even modern keyboard controllers probably "waste"  a microcontroller with far more capability than you'd need for the task, and microcontrollers usually have substantially more code area than would be necessary to add some sort of surreptitious function.
You'd have to know what to look for.
If there was one single data stream you'd like to get, it's the keyboard.  This doesn't get you everything, but close.

@_date: 1996-04-27 12:01:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: US law - World Law - Secret Banking 
If a criminal mugs you for $10 each morning for a month, and on the 32nd day you decide you've had enough and pull a gun and defend yourself, does that mean that you're stealing from him?!?

@_date: 1996-04-28 10:15:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: trusting the processor chip 
There's a difference between trying to find a needle in a haystack, and finding a day-glo, red-hot needle that plays music at 110 decibels in that same haystack.  Digital logic chips do radiate EMI, but some radiate very little (because their are few logic transitions or they occur relatively infrequently) or are buried within other circuitry and they don't have a particularly good antenna.  The Trojan horse chip I'm hypothesizing would be specifically designed to radiate a fairly loud, continuous signal, on wires that are long enough to make a good antenna.  Ideally, the chip would have a crystal to produce a very constant frequency, so that other noise not on that frequency could be ignored.
The best place to put such a chip would be a location outside the computer's case, or at least it would have access to the outside.  I think that a keyboard controller would be optimum, because I suspect that there are a relatively small number of different designs.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-28 12:47:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "A Closer Look" 
April 22, 1996  Electronic Buyers News,  Page 2.   A Closer Look column, by Jack Robertson
Orwell would have loved it.  National tyrants are helpless to control the free flow of information within their borders.  And if they do succeed in closing down ramps to the global data superhighway, their economies crumble.
Not that some folks aren't trying to rein in the Internet.
Strong-arm governments--including China, Vietnam, Singapore, and some African military dictatorships--want to control domestic access to the Net.  Even democracies such as Germany want to censor the Web, and the European Union is debating regulation of it.
The United States itself could end up trying to control the Net in well-intentioned but dubious efforts to censor content deemed obscene.  The censor's club could be provided unwittingly by the movie industry and by consumer-electronics manufacturers.  Their rigid copyright protection plan for DVD would require that every computer I/O interface be designed to block out the copying of any copyrighted motion picture.  Once in place, others could sieze the I/O block to bar access to any content thought to be Uncle Sam could also end up giving ammunition to Internet censors in a yet-to-be-released proposal to the G-7 economic powers pertaining to copyright protection on the Internet.  The Clinton administration will submit the plan to the next G-7 conference in Lyon, France, in late June.  The administration's earlier copyright plan for the U.S. National Information Infrastructure has stirred plenty of controversy in th is country over its potential shackling of the free flow of information.
So far, the unruly and ubiquitous Internet has defied almost all restraints.  Governments, businesses, politically correct factions can't get their arms around this amorphous giant.
Stalin could jam out the BBC and the Voice of America.  Iran can bar newspapers and periodicals.  Singapore can threaten judicial to try to keep the press in line.  But how do you cordon off the Web?  Some regimes envision their own national gateways to control Net traffic acrosss their borders.   Fat chance.  Even if police states could build an Internet firewall, it would take the resources of a National Security Agency to monitor the traffic and ferret out noxious communications.
In a first thrust to control electronic data, China is regulating all foreign news services through its Xinhua News Agency.  That way, Big Brother can lower the boom wherever a central node can be hit.  But the anarchical Internet has no central control points--In fact, very little control at all.  A grassroots paradigm, the Net is a totally free democratic voice.
Like it or not, we need to keep it that way.
[end of article.]

@_date: 1996-04-28 14:09:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: You are now an International Arms Trafficker (#1) ??? 
I thought of a method of exporting encryption code that doesn't require an export license, but better yet makes some _deserving_ soul a criminal.   (In hindsight, it seems obvious, although I don't recall seeing it discussed.)
Basically, you take advantage of the fact that on the Internet, incorrectly-addressed email is often/usually returned to what appears to be the sender.  For example, send PGP source, split into appropriately-sized chumks, to somebody like   bigshot at nsa.com.    Mis-spell his name, of course, and forge the note so that it appears to be coming from some out-of-country address.  His ISP's system's email software sees the bad address, "returns" it, and it's sent to that out-of-US location.  Keep the messages as evidence; forward them to the appropriate prosecutor, who is stuck between a rock and a hard place:  Either he prosecutes a "good guy," or he fails to prosecute an unauthorized encryption exporter and thus sets up a bad precedent.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-28 19:37:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, and cyberserap 
I find that to be a disgusting opinion.  Quite to the contrary, I think that whenever it _appears_ that giving up "a little liberty" would provide more security, there are other ways of providing that same security that don't require any loss of liberty.
For just one example, it is well known that the "war on drugs" actually causes a great deal of street crime.  But a person who doesn't see this, or doesn't want to admit this might see that crime and conclude that some loss of liberty (like, for instance, giving the police the authority to stop and frisk all passers-by whenever they want) would improve safety.  What he doesn't admit is that by legalizing drugs nearly all of that crime would disappear, vastly improving safety.
So it's a false trade-off, in both directions.  Authoritarians may disagree.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-29 07:24:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Then you obviously haven't read the essay (AP) I sent you yesterday.  "Military technologies" only work effectively against a military target.  Kill civilians and you just make other civilians angry.  At that point they'll be look for a weapon that "military technologies" cannot effectively oppose.  That weapon is already known to be possible.  Quite the contrary, I think that a "successful popular uprising" will require only a very small investment in time and money, in which some of they key players in government are targeted and the prospect exists for easily and cheaply getting the rest.  At that point they will resign in droves.
Please read the essay.  I think it may enlighten you.  Even with "conventional" analysis, there is no reason to believe that governement will be able to avoid shrinking.  Aside from making it easier to avoid taxation, the vast increase in information communicated by the Internet is taking a huge amount of power away from the traditional media, and the media is (despite the illusion they want you to believe!) the main backer of the government in most cases.  In addition, this information flow is making it ever more difficult to pass abusive laws; if the government does something stupid in the morning, by noon they are being flooded with faxes and emails.  And the whole concept of having a "governement" tends to be based on the assumption that people are incapable of making decisions for themselves.  That's an increasingly unrealistic position.
Government feeds on its own size; once government is dramatically reduced below its current size, it will become even less able to resist further contraction.  Probably few government employees realize this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-29 11:45:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Mindshare and Java 
I don't recall ever implying this...  Could you be more specific?  I've noticed a bit of coordination, but is there any more than this?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-29 12:02:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
I don't see that what you said challenged what I said.  For most of this century, government (and in particular, the Federal government) has been on a fast-track to expansion.  Only quite recently has this expansion begun to slow.  I was referring to contractions to come; not to contractions (if any?) that have occurred in the past.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-29 15:57:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
While that's obviously an imperfect analogy he gave, I think it's inadvertently instructive for an unobvious reason:  Governments are  _supposed_ to be products of the will of the people (at least, in so-called "freedom-loving" societies they are).   If that's the case, then if society decides that governments should be reduced or even eliminated, those governments should have no objection.  To whatever extent they DO have an objection, it can only be because the government is no longer representing the population as it was supposed to do, but has started to represent the vested interests of people whose livelihood depends on that government.  And to whatever extent this is happening, that's all the more reason to get rid of that government.
Unfortunately, that's exactly the position we find ourselves in today.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-29 16:03:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Book: The President's Eyes Only 
Here's one reason why I object to this.  While "reasonable people" occasionally disagree about things, in the political arena my experience has been that the main reason they disagree is their differing VALUES, not the interpretation of those values.  For example,  if a person simply disliked the concept of freedom (for others, anyway) or wanted to maintain the power of an existing government against future reductions based on technological developments, he'd object to the deployment of good crypto by ordinary citizens.    One could argue that his position is "reasonable" given his value system, but in reality his would be a particularly hostile position with regards to my rights.
Yes, "bad guys" exist, but for most if not all of us the vast majority of those bad guys would have no use for crypto, and probably wouldn't be able to figure out how to install and run PGP.   Only a very tiny fraction of "bad guys" would benefit from crypto, yet that's all the government is talking about.  The reason is simple:  The government's "bad guys" are NOT OUR "bad guys", not at all.   The government is almost entirely uninterested in the common criminals who do most of the damage; it is focussing on the few people who are the biggest threat to _it_, not a threat to the public.  It is this self-interest that makes the positions of the government-apologists unreasonable, and worthy of our scorn.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
 As long as Uncle Sam keeps his finger on a nuclear

@_date: 1996-04-30 09:11:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor missing 
Don't tell me, let me guess:  The guy who rented the canoe to him has suddenly retired, and has been reportedly seen going on a Park Avenue shopping spree.  Right?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-30 12:16:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Hey, maybe it's just a fever.  Take a few aspirin, put a cold compress on your head, and lay down.
This sometimes happens; however, on many of the issues dearest to CP readers (Clipper, etc) there really is no substantial opposition except among those in government.
I think there's a problem embedded in your comment.  You mentioned "running the country."  That phrase contains within it a view of "the country" in which it is controlled by a central control mechanism, for example a government.  To describe the alternative viewpoint, consider the analogy of the food distribution system of Manhattan island.  No one individual or group controls everything; they all operate separately and with little overall communication.  Yet the steaks are served at the best restaurants, the grocery stores are stocked with the food people want, etc.  No heirarchical government, yet the system works!  If you ask me if I want uneducated people running the "food distribution system," I might be inclined to say no, but if you ask me whether they can work as checkers at the local grocery store, I'd say "yes."
Likewise, if you ask me if I want uneducated people "running the country" I guess I have no problem with them controlling their proportional amount of political influence (BTW, they do this already!) but no more.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-30 21:54:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
Aren't you making an assumption that Colby is dead?  No body has been found, last I heard.   Maybe he just decided that he wanted to disappear in a comparatively non-suspicious fashion?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-01 09:57:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
I'd like to hear more about the timeline.  From a snippet I heard yesterday, he telephoned his wife and said he'd be renting a canoe.  Okay, who and why did "they" visit a cabin (?) to find him? (If somebody called me from a cabin, and he had a telephone, I would not consider his failure to later answer the phone to be particularly suspicious...)   And one version I heard said that the canoe was at the cabin.  How often do fatal canoe accidents occur what might have been a few feet from shore?  (You can't sink a modern canoe, especially a rental, because they have floats under the seats to prevent this.)   We can't tell, because the information being released is so sparse.
Somebody's not telling us the whole story.

@_date: 1996-05-01 13:37:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [LONG] Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
I agree that the Post Office has a "well-established reputation."  Too bad it isn't a GOOD "well-established reputation."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-01 13:59:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
Notice that I said "comparatively" non-suspicious.  Can you think of any LESS suspicious way to appear to die and still explain no body being found?
I think their mis-usage of the word "intelligence" is hilariously presumptuous.
He might very well be alive.  But it's almost certain he won't be found...
BTW, the news item I read this morning stated that his neighbors called the cops when they noticed that his car was still at the cabin Sunday night...after the time he normally left to return home.  While most people wouldn't see a problem with this, I do:  How many citizens are so aware of the schedules and habits of their neighbors that they would become suspicious if their neighbor stayed TOO LONG?  Not days and days too long, just a few hours?  Or were Colby's habits so precise and predictable (and known to be so!) that his neighbor would call the cops just because he, ONCE, stayed a little longer than normal?
What's wrong with this picture?

@_date: 1996-05-01 14:32:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
You lack specifics.  And how applicable are these to a person like Colby?
Who said "conspiracy"?  If Colby wanted to disappear, are you trying to suggest that he wouldn't have been able to engineer this himself?  The word "conspiracy" requires the actions of more than one person, or have you forgotten?  If anything, your misuse of the word "conspiracy" reveals your knee-jerk thought processes.
If the guy went out, alone, in a canoe in (reportedly) 2-foot waves without a life vest, the term "intelligence" is doubly wasted on him.
What a brainless statement!  Quite the opposite, I didn't claim to be "in the know."  Rather, I merely pointed out that what was being said by others about the incident was without appreciable support and rather inconsistent and not believeable, and very much inadequate.  I can do this very effectively without knowing, for certain, what really did happen.
I'm starting no rumors.  Rather, if anything, I'm ATTACKING a rumor being portrayed as fact:  The rumor that he died in a canoeing accident.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-01 15:45:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Jewell is the Militia Bomber!!!! 
Uh, just like that guy in Jurassic Park!
('Course, there's an explanation for this.   "The butler did it" went out over 30 years ago.  They're running out of butlers, and, well, many butlers were fat, so...)
No, no, Tim.   The proper way to deliver this to a TV audience is, "They found an ARSENAL in his COMPOUND!"
(see how much more exciting it is?!?  BTW, how many wives does he have?)
Any copies of that SUBVERSIVE publication Shotgun News?
And he had to have scoured it clean JUST BEFORE the authorities arrived!  Yeah, that's the ticket!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-01 16:26:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "And who shall guard the guardians?" 
However, even that is a somewhat skewed analysis.  Most of us realize that the  kinds of advanced surveillance systems that are being promoted these days have nothing to do with crimes that are, statistically, the most common and feared among ordinary citizens. Will a wiretap ever solve a burglary?  Rarely.  Will a Clipper-type decrypt bring a rapist to justice?  Fairly unlikely.  How about a carjacking?  A strong-arm robbery?  An arson?
Sure, it's always possible, but we know what's really going on.  Governments are afraid that technology will not only replace the protections we've traditionally been told only came from government (and thus make them unnecessary), but also that technology will allow us to force those governments to shrink and possibly to disband.  In other words, to a government-type most of the benefits of a Clipper system are to the government itself, certainly not to the person who owns the phone and not even to society as a whole.  That's one reason, I suspect, why those secret talks given to various people to convince them to support Clipper "usually" work if the person is a government-type, but will almost never work to an unbiased private citizen.  That's also why the lecture is secret:  That way, the government can push two different stories without a contradiction being obvious to the rest of us.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-02 04:39:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: fbi, crypto, and defcon 
Speaking of AT+T, as I recall one of the incidents which preceded the introduction of Clipper was the news that AT+T was going to introduce an encrypted telephone using DES as the encryption algorithm.  According to the story, AT+T was "bought off" by the US government.   I haven't looked into that for a couple of years, but if we're looking for co-conspirators that would be a good place to start.  Also:  Clipper was fabbed by VLSI Technology.  A few pointed inquiries might work wonders here.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-02 05:21:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.29 - Administration, Congress Propose Sweeping Anti-Terrorism Initiatives 
Even though it may be obvious to the crypto-savvy people in CP, since this press release is directed at a somewhat wider audience it would be useful to point out that none of these recent terrorist incidents involved encryption at all.  Same point.  Unless you mention that encryption wasn't a factor at all, you risk leaving the (unsophisticated) reader with the implication that there was, indeed, some crypto angle to these incidents.  Like it or not, that's the way public discourse seems to be done these days:  Unless a point is specifically challenged, implicitly it is deemed ceded to the claimant.  Sure, Clinton did not actually claim that encryption was a factor, but it was there by implication, and the average citizen seeing his proposals would come to that conclusion.   Denying this specifically, you'd be "points ahead" and would be in a better position to shut down those trying to restrict encryption.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-02 09:46:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Welcome Back 
Joke of the day:
A swarthy fellow was in jail, and was visited by his sister and nerd brother in law.  He tells them, "next time you show up, bring me something with a file in it."  His bro in law brought a floppy disk...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-02 19:06:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Southern Cracker Beer Bombs in Trucks 
For "safety" purposes (at least for the builder!) I would add that the threads on the pipe should be covered with a generous quantity of vaseline, grease, wax, or other similar material.  Otherwise, the final tighten-up might cause an explosion if granules of powder get stuck in the threads and ignite due to friction.
Evidence reduction tips:  Discard drill bit used to make hole in pipe.  Carefully avoid leaving any drill shavings in work area.
Completely use/discard any extra powder/fuse not used in the bomb.  (Chemical analysis will reveal similarity...)
When tightening the pipe/cap, shield the work with a thick layer of folded-up paper towel or other material, so your Vice-Grips (or other such wrench, or vice) don't leave "tool marks" on the pipe.  (Discard, by burning, such paper after use.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-03 06:44:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bombs & bomb threats in LA 
Picric acid is 2,4,6 trinitrophenol, easily produced by the nitric/sulfuric acid nitration of phenol.
If picric acid contains about 15% of water or more, it is rather stable and innocuous.  If it is allowed to completely dry out, it then becomes sensitive to detonation with a blasting cap.
One disadvantage of picric acid is that it reads with heavy metals (copper, lead, etc) to form unstable picrate salts.
Potassium _Chlorate_
and causes It would probably require a booster...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-03 10:55:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: URGENT: Surveillance Bill Gets New Life - House Vote lLikely TODAY! 
I thought of what I consider to be an excellent "workaround."   The way I see it, a majority of us want to see a majority of them dead, or at least resigned.  If that's the case, why can't we get what we want?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:35:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Such materials will be easy to defeat.  Find an indoor shooting range, vacuum up the powder residue that falls  in front of the shooting stalls, and you'll have a concentrated mixture of literally hundreds of types of taggants.  Add to bomb.  Laughing, at this point, is optional.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-03 15:55:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Freeh slimes again: Digital Telephony costs $2 billion now ... 
Which reminds me...  If there is any function Cypherpunks (and/or cyberpunks) should perform, it's one of using a "bully pulpit" to influence technical developments.  Consider, for example,  your observation that "the vast majority of Intel based computers lack the crucual full-duplex soundcard."  When I first heard that this was true, I wondered what bunch of nincompoops were responsible for this outrage.
There are  many potential uses for soundcards which require full-duplex operation.  Only the most stupid and basic functions don't.  There was no good reason for this lack; Presumably if somebody had been at the right place at the right time, he could have reminded that shit-for-brains "engineer" of the obvious consequences of building a product with such an egregious bug designed into it.
Anyway, that's water under the bridge.  However, we're probably all in agreement that Internet telephone (non-encrypted as well as encrypted) is going to be a big product in just a few years. This will require (or desire) a few high-CPU-power functions:
1.  A modem, obviously.
2.  Good encryption, possibly.
3.  Audio A/D and D/A, and associated compression functions.
 I propose that the better way of implementing it, rather than going through a sound card, is for modem manufacturers to built an  new modem with an extra telephone connection (perhaps the same physical connector that's currently used for the telephone handset) which goes to an ordinary telephone and does the audio A/D and D/A conversion, as well as the data compression/data expansion function that will be necessary.  The latter function would be done by an extra DSP on this modem/Internet telephone card.  Briefly, you'd talk into an ordinary telephone on your desk, which would be connected to the modem/telephone card.  That card would digitize your speech to whatever level of resolution  is practical, and compress it into an appropriate data rate.  This data would either be encrypted by the same DSP, or possibly presented to the host CPU for encryption.  From there, it would be sent to the modem section and transmitted over the telephone line. I think this would be superior to the use of a sound card, for a number of reasons.  First, obviously, is the reduction in cards in simple and/or portable systems.  To require that you have both a modem and a sound card (as well as a cpu) to implement an Internet telephone is unreasonable.  Secondly, using a sound card (which can't do any compression) requires that you implement both the compresssion and encryption function with the host processor, which might be impractical for a low-cost processor like a '486.  Putting a substantial portion of this function into a dedicated DSP means that main-processor overhead becomes minimal.  Third, implementing a "flow-through" telephone circuit allows you to interpose this encryptor into an existing telephone system, such as that of a house or office.  The existing handsets can be used with no modification, presumably.  This would also allow easy implementation of a computer-controlled answering machine-type, because the computer will be able to digitize/synthesize audio as well as record it.  It could also implement fax and modem/bbs functions.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-04 09:51:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Telephony costs $2 
card. That seems a bit difficult to believe.  I get the impression that implementing a 28.8Kbps+ modem pretty much uses up the capability of a near-state-of-the-art DSP chip.  Further, recently an item appeared on CP concerning a new voice-compression standard that was claimed to put good-quality voice into a 2400 bps stream.   Each function, coding and decoding, was claimed to occupy about (don't recall the exact figures) a little over half the capability of a TI 32025 DSP chip, which admittedly is an older unit.  Assuming full-duplex is desired (and that's the purpose of this exercise) you'd need the full resources of something with greater 'ooomph' than a 32025 just for the coding/decoding.
Sure,  it may not be necessary to compress voice audio all the way down to 2400 bps, since the current modem standards allow 28.8kbps and beyond, but I suggest that decreasing net traffic by a factor of 12 (28.8k to 2.4k) is a desirable goal.  Remember, in the long term "everybody" will be using Internet telephone. (And no doubt you've noticed that high-volume hardware gets cheap, really fast.  Putting in a second DSP for compression/encryption won't increase the costs all that much.)  Leaving the encryption in hardware would improve exportability, at least from a legal/ITAR standpoint.  While eventually full-fiber-capacity Internet will be able to increase the capacity to "unlimited" levels, in the meantime the capacity is limited (by switches if nothing else) and going the extra mile to limit Internet telephone's impact on the national net would be better.
The reason I think a system I've described has a future is that modem manufacturers have a PROBLEM.  Their problem is that they've pretty much run out of room to improve the bit-pushing through a 3 KHz bandwidth.  Sure, they can focus their attention on cable modems or ISDN units or other toys, but the market for such beasts won't develop for a few years.  They'll pretty much be stuck doing an occasional upgrade, or selling into new computers, but that will slow down.  What they'd like to have is a new function that "everybody" wants to have, and allowing people to bypass LD telephone charges is a powerful motivating factor to get people to upgrade their modems.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-05 03:12:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Heard same thing here; it's almost certainly true.  It would help if the gun got a thorough cleaning as well:  You can "de-copper" a barrel by plugging one end, and filling the barrel with an ammonia solution. (this is available as a commercial product for guns, at wildly-inflated prices.  Ordinary ammonia solution works just as well, cheap.)   This dissolves the copper left from the passage of copper/brass-jacketed bullets.  You can tell it's working:  The copper forms the distinctive blue cupramine ion in solution.
BTW, all this changes is the microstructure of the markings:  The number of riflings and the twist of the riflings are, obviously, unchanged.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-06 03:08:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Freeh slimes again: Digital Telephony costs $2 billion now ... 
Which should remind us...  While the costs are going up, so far undetermined is the "benefits" that are supposed to accrue from this bugging ability.   How many crimes, approximately, are going to be solved or prevented by the expenditure of this $2 billion dollars?  One hundred?  A thousand?  Even if it were 10,000, that would still be $200,000 per crime.  Is there no cheaper way to prevent those crimes?
And, moreover, do we REALLY want to prevent those "crimes"?   If they are attacks on an illegitimate government that is violating our rights, as far as I can see we want to see those "crimes" succeed, not fail.
Let's put their feet to the fire:  They should be required to show a reasonable estimate of the benefits as well as an apparently phony initial estimate of the costs.  If they respond that they can't estimate the benefits, then why do they want us to incur the costs.
However, the real answer is even simpler.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-06 04:27:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bombs & bomb threats in LA 
The molecular difference between TNT and picric acid is a methyl group, weight 15 (on TNT) substituted for a hydroxyl, weight 17 (on picric acid.)   If there is a difference, it is a very small one.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-06 08:35:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: fbi, crypto, and defcon 
Using a "Tragedy of the Commons" analysis on telecommunications systems isn't very appropriate.  Modern telephone systems have a fairly well-defined instantaneous capacity, do not wear out based on usage, unused capacity doesn't 'store up' for later use, nor do sporadic attempts at excessive use have anything more than a very transitory effect.  (fast busy signals.)  And in addition, a person doesn't profit in an unlimited fashion by attempting to over-use the telephone:  Nobody I know would spend 24 hours per day on the phone if it were free, for example.  So there's little motivation to over-use the resource.
The Internet is even more "friendly" along these lines than telephone systems:  The Internet doesn't "fail hard," denying access when usage is high, it merely slows all access to match the need.  There are enough differences that I think Internet deserves an entirely new analysis.  Don't worry, it will be also be interesting, from a game-theory perspective, but it will be very distinct from a classic "tragedy of the commons" situation.  The current question is how to motivate individuals and companies to invest in improvements to the Internet that will benefit everyone. However, I don't think that will be the limiting factor that it may currently appear to be.  Due to the nature of the Internet, there is nothing to prevent a company (such as AOL, Compuserve, or other) from building a shadow version of the Internet, through which all of its customer's traffic will pass until it emerges local to its destination.  Customers who appreciate this kind of prompter service will be motivated to pay slightly more and will buy Internet access through that company.  So the "commons" won't be quite so "common," and product differentiation will allow choice.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-06 09:27:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Public report of the EU crack. 
Have a little toleration.  I've heard he's a FOREIGNER!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-06 17:02:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More to be paranoid about... 
It turns out that I am indirectly (two steps removed) responsible for this information being publicized on the 'net.  I bought a copy of a CDROM that included this data (from a person who bought this data from the State of Oregon on magtape), and a friend of mine got a copy from me and made a copy for his friend, who decided to put it on the web as an accessible item.
In any case, contrary to Alan Olsen's implication, I think that this kind of thing is a step forward for freedom.  Government agencies already have access to this kind of information whenever they want; it's only the individuals who don't.  Indeed (as my friend pointed out, correctly) this information is only considered valuable because not everyone has it.  Making this information available puts government-types under the same "gun" as the rest of us already were.  It is now being seen that driver's licenses, while ostensibly merely being a certification that we know how to drive, are most useful to government as a way to "legitimately" collect information on us, including our address and age.  Since the function of credentialing is being implemented using encryption in ways to protect privacy, I suggest that we should push the government in that direction.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-07 02:52:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Telephony costs $2 
What is unclear, however, is WHY they "had to" build a card that couldn't do full-duplex.  I mean, would there have been a problem implementing that?  Or was this just another one of those stupid design decisions which could have been easily fixed if it had been realized in time?
Well, I assume that if implemented as a new type of modem card, the processor can be used to do the data transfer.
I see what you're saying; this makes sense.  Maybe what the industry is going to have to do is to start out at 16kpbs, reserving full 2400 bps compression for a (near?) future time when network latencies are low and Fortunately, this is the kind of thing that DSP's are good at...
The local phonecos still want to overcharge for ISDN, however.  Major bigtime problem.  ISDN looked great back in about 1980 when the fastest common modem was 300 baud, but it's lost much of its lustre competing against 33.6 kbps.  Maybe if ISDN were available at a premium of $5 per month or so...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-07 05:18:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Internet Economics 
They'll need it.  However, we can assume that POLDCs (Plain Old Long-Distance Companies) will fight back.  The easiest thing for them to do would be to offer a single-payment-per-year, unlimited-use LD telephone service for maybe $10 per month or so.  If, as various people have suggested, half the cost for LD is billing and customer service, they'll cut their costs by a factor of two and still make money.  This would take the wind out of the sails of domestic LD; it is unclear whether foreign LD would follow suit.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-07 20:55:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Censorship through proxy 
A friend of mine, who occasionally visits Singapore on business, told me this Singaporean joke:
"Singapore is a fine place.  There's a fine for this, and a fine for that,..."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-08 08:42:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Telephony costs $2 
I wasn't aware that sound cards made appreciable use of DSP's.  Unlike modems, which inherently must massage large amounts of signal to get the data, I assumed that sound cards were more like straight A/D/A systems.
You'd put in a hook because it would be easily done, and to fail to do so would be a serious mistake.  It could also be bypassed by a hardware switch, I suppose, or a software-controlled switch, to make processor intervention Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-08 09:49:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wee Beasties on Mars 
I've only seen a few vague news items on TV about this.  I believe they said that gases in pores in the rock matched the constituents of the Martian atmosphere.  Also, they said that the rock was a bit less than the size of a football, and was found in Antarctica.  It's fairly "clean" there, at least from the standpoint of organic contamination.  Also, while I've heard nothing of its exact physical location, if it is in the middle of a large ice sheet that pretty much excludes terrestrial origin, because there is a limit to how far a volcano on Earth can blow a rock.  In any case, the kind of rocks typically ejected from volcanoes are well known.
Once it's agreed to be from "out there," the question is where.  If it had been possible to bring back rock from the landers that have analyzed Mars, a direct comparison would have been possible.  (of course, if that had been possible, we'd have heard about it already...)    The moon is excludable, since it has no atmosphere and apparently never had one.  (as well as the fact that we have samples of the moon to compare.)  Venus is highly unlikely, because it has such a thick atmosphere that material would probably not escape were a meteor to hit.  Mercury is even more unlikely, because it would probably take way too much energy to raise the sun-gravitational potential of a fragment of Mercury to that of the earth.
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune are basically liquified gases, so there would be no rocky material to eject.  Jupiter's moons are a different issue.
Anyway, I've got to get back to reviewing some episodes of "My Favorite Martian", just in case...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-08 16:37:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: STEGO GUNS 
I think this is relevant, albeit in an indirect way, to cypherpunks.  We're all familiar with some of the various ways that government tries to justify intrusion based on arguments which look superficially plausible.  The nationwide 55 mph speed limit is one, which was first supported based on the claim that it saved gas, but later the justification changed to saving lives.  Yet recently studies have shown an actual decrease in accidents in states which raised the speed limit.  The other big correlation (which turns out to be an anti-correlation!) is the idea that allowing people to carry concealed handguns leads to greater numbers of deaths.  By this study, that claim is shown to be false as well.
The reason this is all relevant is that cryptography is currently under attack by the US government, under the guise of ITAR, with the implicit claim that the availability of good crypto will somehow help "terrorists, drug dealers, child pornographers, and Jim Bell"  (oops!  sorry about that We, on the other hand, recognize that the advent of good cryptography will protect us far more than it might arguably harm us.  All of us on CP (except, probably, Sternlight) would gladly accept a world where unrestricted crypto is ubiquitous.
By showing previous examples of how government makes false claims and misuses (or ignores) statistics to support its actions, we can challenge any presumptions it makes regarding crypto.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-09 02:51:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
No rush, Tim.  I've got the whole thing on CDROM.  In fact, the person who put the thing on the net got the data from me...through a friend.  I bought it from a person who's been selling CDROM's of this data for a couple of years.  The most recent revision (and the one that's on the 'net) is about 4 months old.  So far, what's been put on the net is merely the "license plate # to address" lookup.  We also have the "name to address" data...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-09 12:12:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why should we trust the system? 
When supporting plans like GAK ("key escrow") and wiretaps, you will frequently see the Denning-types justify them by claiming that there's protection from a requirement that a judge issue a search warrant.  It should be instructive, then, to present the Richard Jewell case as an excellent counter-example.  Richard Jewell, as you should all be aware, is the poor soul who happened to first see that pipe bomb at the Atlanta Olympics.  However, hours after it was publicly revealed that the Atlanta 911 center screwed up, wasting 10 minutes looking up the address of "Centennial park," officialdom suddenly discovered they needed news to divert attention from their buffoonery.  They found it, as if on cue.
Tonight, I saw a national network news show say how Jewell is apparently quite innocent, and that the news media was quite willingly "used" by the government to convict Jewell in the press.  Great mea culpa, but that still leaves some serious questions.  Presumably, the government got warrants to search Jewell's apartment, correct?  Okay, what evidence did they use to support the granting of those warrants?
What, EXACTLY, did they tell the judge that ostensibly convinced him to grant a warrant?  Remember, police aren't supposed to get a warrant simply if they can't prove that a person is NOT a bomber.  The standard is suppose to work the other way around:  The police should get a warrant only if the amount of evidence of guilt (or, evidence of evidence) is sufficiently detailed to rise to a certain level of authority, known as "probable cause."
Evidence doesn't evaporate.  More precisely, the police had a responsibility to collect enough evidence together, POSITIVELY, to be able to show probable cause to believe that a crime had occurred, and that Jewell was guilty.  Some of that evidence might, hypothetically, have initially appeared to show guilt and was later clarified, but that early evidence must still exist, to at least show the public that the cops didn't entirely fabricate the justifications they used to get the warrants.   So I ask again, did the police/FBI EVER have enough evidence to convince anyone by that "probable cause" standard?  Well, if they say they had it in the case of Richard Jewell, that isn't very reassuring.  Okay, I'll admit that I _never_ believed that judges actually follow the standards they claim to.  But many other people of those who are more establishmentarian than I (I guess that group includes just about everybody, huh?) at least pretend to believe this, or hope this, and maybe a few suckers actually do. It should be their responsibity, then, to show that the granting of a search warrant occurs only when justified.  In Jewell's case, that was not the case.
If we allow this fiasco to die without a full analysis, particularly in light of the government's repeated assurances with regards to search warrants, we will be as incompetent as the police were.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-09 13:11:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
Actually, the lesson to be learned is that the news media is filled with a bunch of hypocrites.  These people are supposed to be REPORTERS, for god's sake.  Are they trying to tell us that they've never gone to the DMV and forked over $4 to find out the owner of a car?  Can you say, "investigative I think they're just carrying water for their friends who work for government.
While I think that the information should be disseminated on the net REGARDLESS of whether "it's legal" in any particular jurisdiction.  Or, perhaps more accurately, I think that this information shouldn't be collected at all.  Then it couldn't be abused.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-09 14:51:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: driver license info, loss of liberty, etc. 
Actually, in Oregon I don't think there is any restriction as to what purposes you ask for the information.  I've never filled out such a request before (preferring to get my data from a CDROM which tells no tales...) but as I understand it there's no restriction.  (Other than legality?!?)
I've pointed out elsewhere that our goal should be the elimination of the collection of this data by the state in the first place, an appropriately radical idea.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-09 15:12:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Boom! 
I've got a...oh, never mind.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-09 17:43:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Oregon DMV database:  "Needs a good home" 
The Oregon DMV database needs a new home.  I've seen a few mentions of willing volunteers, but I've deleted the notes.  Could you re-send offers of interest to me?  Thanks.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-10 06:08:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why should we trust the system? 
And, of course, by now a substantial fraction of the people who were in Atlanta for the Olympics are now scattered to the winds, and their memories have dimmed, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-10 06:37:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
Of course, in my opinion the "The State currently exists" observation is  a problem, but I believe it's a solvable one!
Even better would be to simply stop the state from collecting the records in the first place, right?
Perhaps the better question is, "Can this be done _WITH_ legislation?!?"  Legislation, by its very nature, tends to serve the interests of the government first, and possibly some of the citizenry trailing a bit behind.  Remember the saying, "When the only tool you have is a hammer, you treat every problem as if it were a nail."  "Solving" the problem by legislation inherently tries to convert actions into crimes, or at least punishable activities.  Needless to say, it won't be GOVERNMENT people who get jailed or dissuaded.
A market and technology-based solution to the problem inherently involves cooperation, rather than confrontation, because the market has no inherent way to coerce people into acting

@_date: 1996-08-10 09:32:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Massively parallel carbon-unit-based voice pattern matching 
Voiceprints used to be doable only with sophisticated, specialized equipment.  Presumably, they would be doable today with "only" a PC and soundcard, along with some software.  This raises an interesting question:  Would it be possible to modify speech to remove the identifiable characteristics which came from the speaker, and replace them with those of some other person.  In other words, could somebody fake a bomb threat using a recording which has been processed to sound "exactly" like some famous person whose voice you can analyze?  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-10 10:09:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John Gilmore on the Radio! 
What was that old saying, "Like herding cats"?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-10 11:51:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Massively parallel carbon-unit-based voice pattern matching 
I wonder if such equipment is used on CSPAN and CSPAN-2?
(And that's a serious question!)
There is a relatively famous neurologist named Oliver Sacks who has written a series of books concerning odd brain disorders among his and other patients.  In one book (maybe it was, "The Man who mistook his wife for a hat") he describes a scene where a group of patients with the same ailment (maybe it was called "aphasia", but it's been a few years...) were watching a speech by Ronald Reagan.    As I recall, people with this ailment can't understand what's being said to them, but they CAN tell whether the person speaking is telling the truth.  (or, at least, BELIEVES he's telling the truth...)  All the patients laughed at Reagan's speech.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-10 13:11:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why should we trust the system? 
That's odd...I know of one also!    B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-11 03:29:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Chemistry question please .. 
) which emulates the extreme odor of rotting corpses ?
Yes.  The proper spelling is putrescine.  There's also another one called "cadaverine."  And yet another called "skatole."   ("scatology")
Not on cypherpunks.  If you want to know more, communicate with me directly.  Use a penet-like remailer if you want...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 04:43:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: US Power Outages 
A serious confusion as to proper units.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 05:52:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: US Power Outages 
The story previously being promoted says that approximately at the Oregon/California border, a fire caused problems with the transmission line.
This morning, I read the new claim: extreme heat (presumably assisted by heat dissipated in the power line itself) cause the power cables near The Dalles (about 100 miles east of Portland, along the Columbia river) to stretch and sag, eventually shorting themselves out to trees near the ground.
I find this claim EXTREMELY hard to believe. The temperature coefficient of expansion of steel is about 10 ppm/degree C, which means that even if the power lines heated up 200 degrees C, that's only 2000 ppm longer, or about 0.2%    I don't know the formula to determine the length of a catenary, and I'm too lazy to look it up right now,  but I'd imagine that this 0.2% increase in length won't increase the amount of sag by more than a factor of 10 higher, or 2%.   That amount should be almost ignorable if the power line was competently installed and maintained.
I've long believed that if incidents such as these were the work of saboteurs, it is in the interest of the ordinary citizen that communication with those responsible is maintained.  If, on the other hand, the fact of the sabotage is covered up, that will only lead to more.  The government, on the other hand, has an illegitimate interest in seeing it hidden (where it can be hidden; and where the government can't see a good reason to publicize it), because if uncovered it would tend to force the government to actually deal with the dissatisfied citizenry: not merely the ones doing the sabotage, but also the ones who have heard what their motivations are and at least partly agree with them. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 06:29:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Unmetered Net Usage 
We need to consider separately costs of unmetered access to the ISP, and unmetered access to the Internet.  I expect that the main reason for these limited-time plans have little to do with Internet traffic, and a lot to do with local phone link limits.
One big cost for at least small ISPs is local telephone lines.  Due to the "infinite wisdom" of rate commissions, business-line charges are substantially higher than residential.  (and ISP's are businesses...)   A person who uses 6 hours per day of connection to his ISP is occupying at least 1/4th of the capacity of one phone line, and given typical circadian usage patterns, in practice he's using 1/3rd or more.  If the ISP's cost for that telephone line is $30 per month, then that user must be charged $10 per month for this service just to cover this cost.  That customer, however, might only be using a rather tiny fraction of the ISP's actual Internet-line capacity, except possibly when his Internet telephone is operating.  Also, the customer isn't inclined to occupy his own telephone for this length of time, either, especially if he has only one line.
So it seems to me that within 5 years or so, there ought to be a powerful incentive to wire up apartment complexes and business parks with alternative Internet/Internet-telephone connections, ones which bypass the phoneco for at least the first few hundred feet.  This, possibly in concert with a ISDN-driving concentrator or a cable-modem, should reduce the cost of the customer-to-the-ISP line to a very low value.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 08:35:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Article on Electronic Commerce with a few too many assumptions 
[lotsa stuff deleted]
I too find this concept offensive, at least to the extent that it is kept a secret from the marketplace. Even so, as a libertarian and free-market capitalist, I certainly see nothing wrong with "allowing such behavior," and indeed  I'd see something wrong with NOT "allowing" it.  Nevertheless, to the extent it occurs it should be well understood and identified for what it You might recall the Intel 386SX microprocessor, which was the 16-bit-bus version of the 386 DX, which itself had a full 32-bit bus.  At the time the DX was selling for many hundreds of dollars, probably about $3-400 or so,  Intel sold the SX for about $80.  However, chances are good that the only difference internally between these devices is the bus interface unit, so the size and complexity of these two chips would have been virtually identical, and thus their costs would likewise be the same.  The reason for their vast difference in price was this "damaged goods" concept.  (A similar situation occurred with the 486SX versus the 486DX.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 15:02:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Article on Electronic Commerce with a few too many 
I don't see how that last statement follows anything that went before.  I made it explicitly clear that companies have a right to market in such ways; I also have a right to dislike those methods.  As for other libertarians, I don't see that they're appreciably different.  So where did that last comment come from? BTW, your KOTM credential is outdated...are you trying to have it renewed?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 15:15:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Police prepare stunning end for high-speed car chases 
Why would you need an "EM Cannon" for this?  Just string a 1-car-sized loop of wire on the surface of a road, and off in the bushes hide a battery, DC-to-Hi voltage DC converter and 20kv+ capacitor, and a vacuum switch or some other switch arrangement.  When the car in question traverses the loop, short the switch and the car will be blasted with 20,000 volt-turns of induction.  Sure, most of it will pass harmlessly through the car's steel, but even iron has a limited "mu" which means that every electrical device in the car will be subjected to a certain amount of induced EMF, probably enough to at least reset a few microprocessors and possibly even destroy them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 15:53:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches 
That depends on what you mean by "IR."  Near-IR is about 300 Terahertz; I've seen some items in electronic magazines recently concerning systems that emit and receive around 1 terahertz.  Apparently, they can read writing in envelopes, etc.  It isn't clear whether this particular system is more like a thermal IR system, or one of those newer ones.
Chances are good that when such a system is produced, it will be produced WITHOUT any kind of recording system that must be installed.  The problem is, this leaves it open to interpretation as to what a cop saw, and judges and juries tend to be too deferential to cops who "are trying to protect us."  All a cop has to do is to claim he saw a gun, or drugs, or practically anthing else, and suddenly he has probable cause where he wouldn't have had it before.  Yet more abuse with no obvious benefit.
All the more reason to adopt an AP-type system:  The so-called "justice system" rarely punishes its own; if we are to have a realistic deterrent, the only way to do it is to let outsiders deal with abuse.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-14 05:23:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Police prepare stunning end for high-speed car chases 
Yes, it would be rather impractical for _that_ particular application.  The one place where this might be practical is on highways where these units can be placed fairly sparsely and still have a Even so, I think that non-police applications are more "interesting."
That's based on a certain source model.  You know, a specific capacitor in series resistance to limit the current.  However, if the current was induced from a low-impedance circuit, damaging currents might flow even if the EMF within a certain shielded loop in the car never exceeded a few tens of volts.
No, Tim, remember that I'm postulating an _inductively_ coupled system.  Loop on ground, loops in the car, etc.  Magnetic coupling.  Conduction through car tires would be irrelevant the the functioning of this system. Wouldn't hurt it; wouldn't help it.
(Side note:  BTW, car tires are not non-conductive.  Check it out someday with a ohmmeter.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-14 09:31:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches 
There was just such a decision in Washington state about a year ago, as I recall.  However, as I recall there has been a contradictory decision elsewhere, so the law isn't clear.
It seems to me that the main problem with such "evidence" is not the search itself, but the interpretation of the results:  Having a hot house isn't a crime, and indeed it was not practically detectable before IR viewers.  And an IR viewer only tells you the house is hot; it doesn't say why its hot.  Apparently, when the "justice system" gets a new toy, it subtly adjusts its standards to use that toy, regardless of minor issues such as right and wrong.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-14 13:51:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Political Burnout 
To those of you who are tired of the Republican National Convention.  And particularly to those who are ALREADY tired of the Democrat National Convention, despite the fact that it hasn't started yet.
Remember those irritating signs beside the road, advertising some new apartment complex or housing development that you pass on the way home?  You know, the ones which say, "If you lived here, you'd be home by now."
Well, as you watch these conventions (conventia?), imagine a sign on the Information Superhighway, just up ahead.  It says:
"If your country were operated under the principles of 'Assassination Politics', not only would this convention be over by now, it wouldn't have even started!"
We return you to your regularly scheduled farce.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-14 16:38:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: key escrow idea from David Satelin of MIT Lincoln Labs 
While I agree that there is a defect in current wire-tapping laws,  it's a lot more serious than this.   The defect, I think, is that wiretapping is thoroughly unconstitutional.  The reason I believe it's unconstitutional is that unlike any other kind of search warrant that preceeded it, a wiretap warrant authorizes a continuing violation of privacy. It also allows police to violate that privacy secretly.  Indeed, as I understand it current practice is to not inform the target of the tap even once the tap is removed.  It appears far more likely that the technical fact that wiretaps can be done without informing the target has allowed the cops to conveniently re-interpret the Constitution to assume that no notification is  Regular search warrants simply allow police to visit a location, ONCE, and collect evidence.  The police must show up, identify themselves, and do their search, and LEAVE.  Once they're gone, privacy is restored.  And the target is informed of the police's interest, and so the police are motivated to not engage in "shotgun wiretaps" against people who aren't likely worthy of them.  I contend that there is no logical reason to believe that the current practice of wiretapping is anticipated by any other search warrant.  The _reason_ wiretaps are done in a manner so hostile to privacy and the Constitution, I believe, is that when they were "legalized" in 1968, police had already had a long history of doing them illegally, but because they were illegal they couldn't be entered into evidence in court.  That legalization was ostensibly a compromise to  make them admissable, but also make the police obey the law.  The problem is that since the police were ALREADY violating the law, any "compromise" they were likely to agree to would have been strongly weighted against a Constitutional interpretation. (If you already have 3/4s of the loaf, why give it up?)  In fact, the police gave up NOTHING:  If they were able to get illegal wiretaps before 1968, there is no reason to believe that they couldn't get them after 1968.
 If, on the other hand, the police had genuinely obeyed the law and Constitution before 1968, more effective protections against violations of privacy would have been obtainable in exchange for legalizing wiretaps.  For example, they might have been forced to agree to informing the target of every wiretap when it is removed, or maybe even informing them when the tap is placed!  This will appear quite odd to the police, who will claim that wiretaps won't do any good against informed targets, but then again they probably objected to being prohibited from using thumbscrews and beating confessions out of prisoners.  The fact is, not every police practice which is arguably useful is bound to be Constitutional.
Another problem is with item 2 above:  It amounts to an obvious violation of the 5th amendment to the Constitution, because it criminalizes the refusal to provide evidence  against yourself.  Even worse, it requires that you maintain, effectively, all conversations done by electronic/encrypted means.    It is somewhat as if you were required to carry a tape recorder around and keep a record of every conversation you ever have, to be released to the cops whenever they get a search warrant.
Rivest may be an excellent cryptographer, but a constitutional scholar he What about an alternate system that takes  a poll, and requires a vote of 90% or more to allow the government to get the escrowed key?  If the target is REALLY a "big bad criminal" then likely they'll get approval.  OTOH, if the government had just "done a Waco" and a substantial fraction of the population were seriously pissed, the government wouldn't have a prayer.
(not that I'd find even this system "acceptable," but at least it would be better...  The problem is, none of these proposals reflect any recognition that there may come a time where it would be far better for society to NOT give the government the evidence it wants.  This "government is always right" patina is wearing mighty thin.)
It sounds like you're saying that the government must inform the target of the wiretap BEFORE doing it.  ("notification before search")  Right?  That would at least be better than the status quo.
However, people aren't obligated to keep financial records around, or keep them in a form the cops can read.
Two giant steps backward!  I genuinely don't see that I, as an ordinary citizen, am EVER likely to be a victim of a crime which could be prevented or solved by the system as Rivest describes it.  OTOH, I believe that it is almost certain that my rights will continue to be abused by a government which will be able to use this system to protect itself from being removed, either by vote or by gunfire.  I conclude that proposals like this will rarely be used to protect ordinary citizens, and are almost entirely intended to buttress the government.
[much deleted]
Which, of course, is yet another problem with the current wiretap system.  Given the 1st amendment, I see NOTHING which should allow the government to prohibit a third party (the phoneco) from telling me of the police's interest.  I realize that this is "assumed without question" by the various suck-ups who populate government and probably most lawyers, but it seems to me that one of the disadvantages of the government going outself itself to obtain evidence SHOULD BE that in doing so, it reveals its interests to those third parties.
As far as I'm aware, if the police serve an ordinary search warrant at a particular address, they  can't prohibit the targets of that warrant from telling anyone else of this.  It seems to me that the main reason police have gotten used to the idea of doing search warrants secretly is that the local phonecos have been monopolies so long, and they're so used to cooperating with government and the cops (as evidenced by the fact that police regularly got illegal wiretaps before 1968), that this has soaked in as being expected.  Indeed, the pre-'68 illegal wiretaps prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that government and the telephone company never have had any sort of arm's-length relationship, and strongly suggest that the Constitutionality of wiretapping (vis a vis the constitutionality of phoneco's claimed responsibility to keep the whole thing secret) has never been legitimately tested.
Remember, since the phoneco has had no competition, they've never been at risk from being shunned by customers who object to this secret cooperation.  A more "realistic" position, I think, would be to conclude that if there was true competition, customers would be able to negotiate varying levels of non-cooperation in order to win customers.  I suspect that post-Ruby Ridge/post-Waco, there would be a substantial fraction of the public who would conclude that it cannot trust its own government.
I can think of at least one suck-up lawyer who will pooh-pooh this, claiming that wiretaps are now legal, but when looked at from a pre-1968 standpoint, wiretaps were illegal, so it seems logical that customers should have been entitled to insist that telephone companies obey the law.  It's hard to avoid the conclusion that the reason this kind of illegal behavior was done by the cops as well as the phonecos is the fact that no phoneco ever had to fear loss of any kind of profit as a consequence of illegal cooperation.  Indeed, I doubt that any telephone company EVER _publicly_ refused an illegal wiretap request by police. (By this, I mean the phoneco informed the public of an illegal request on its own initiative.)  The total or near-total absence of such practices would make it clear that nothing that occurred before 1968 could possibly be considered  the norm for constitutionality, casting further doubt on the 1968 "compromise."
It doesn't seem likely (from a constitutional standpoint, anyway) that the "normal" level of cooperation that police can get from a monopolized, regulated industry should, retroactively, become considered to be the "constitutional" amount of cooperation that the cops can legally expect to get from everyone else.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-15 02:38:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Capital and Taxes 
Perhaps you've forgotten double-taxation.  When a company makes a profit, it is taxed at the full corporate tax rate.  Paid to a stockholder, it is AGAIN taxed at the citizen's rate.  It's a ripoff, and the strange thing is a lot of citizen-dolts don't understand this or understand its implications.
It would be fairer to tax either once the corporation, or the individual, but not both.  Now, capital gains is merely the effect of increased value that hasn't yet been paid in dividend.  It would make sense, therefore, to simply not tax "income from selling stock" since the taxes have already been Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-15 03:46:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: key escrow idea from David Satelin of MIT Lincoln Labs 
Well, that's just the problem.  These are clear violations of the 1st amendment.  The law may authorize a search, but the Constitution is supposed to limits them to "reasonable" ones.  And it says nothing about _secret_ ones, either.   The effectiveness of the search itself can't possibly be compromised by releasing the fact of the search AFTER it occurs, which means that the inclusion of such a secrecy order can't even conceivably be supported under the US Constitution.
 Think of this as a two-pan balance:  On the one side is the 1st amendment, a very important issue.  One the other side is...nothing.  Or, perhaps more accurately, no _constitutional_ issues.  Remember, the Constitution does not guarantee the effectiveness of the  entire investigative process; it merely addresses one portion of it, the search. (and even there, it doesn't guarantee a successful search!)   If the government claims that the process is crippled by releasing the fact of the search, then I'm afraid that this is not an adequate reason to violate free-speech rights.  (When the famous Miranda warning decision was made by the Supreme Court, cops said that it would cripple their investigations.)
You may say, of course, "that's not how they currently interpet it," but my response is simple:  Any talk of tolerating any sort of key-escrow (GAK) system must presume that the people running it are no more honest than they are today.  If the cops (and the government in general) so generously misinterprets the government's "rights" with regard to wiretapping, there is simply no reason to believe that any restrictions they claim to be willing to respect now will actually be followed once such a plan is approved.  Don't try to get out of this:  You can't ignore past abuses.  And if they were willing to do illegal taps before 1968, this tells you how inclined they are to obey the law.
We've been handed an opportunity:  The government wants to change its wiretap powers, and unlike previous times the public is actually aware of what's happening and can object.  I think we must take this opportunity to entirely re-think the search-warrant/wiretap process.  Rather than blindly accept the opinions of crooked judges who got where they are by demonstrating their willingness to "get along by going along,"  we should strip away all the decades of scheming, and delete the entire process.
My opinion is that wiretaps are, inherently, unreasonable searches within the meaning of the Bill of Rights. Interestingly, support for this interpretation was shown when the media stated that Japan's Constitution prohibited wiretapping.  This was portrayed as being somewhat of an oddity.  But in reality, that Constitution was forced on Japan after WWII, by the US.  Curiouser and curiouser, that happened during a time frame (pre 1968) in which wiretapping was illegal in the US, and probably believed to be unconstitutional as well.  Since the US Constitution hasn't changed since then, at least with respect to searches, the only realistic conclusion is that the thing that's changed is the interpretation of the US Constitution, and not for any sound reasons either.  (That Japanese Constitution, apparently not subject to such convenient re-interpretation, stands as it was when adopted, at least on this one issue.)
In fact, the timing for this change is suspicious:  1968 was certainly a rather tumultuous year, what with anti-Vietnam war protests, assassinations and such.  Not only in the US, but even more so in France, with the student riots.   The motivation to adopt an unconstitutional wiretapping law must have been substantial.  And given the fact that public polls on the concept of wiretaps repeatedly show it to be opposed by a majority of the population, I think the burden of proof is on the Denning-types to show that they're appropriate.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-15 11:04:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopped Clock. Was: Schlafly on Crypto 
It does seem really odd, doesn't it?  But look at it this way:  The only reason the knuckle-dragging conservatives are able to take the moral high-ground on this and other net-freedom issues is because the OTHER "unrependant liberals" have inexplicably abandoned the correct side of the argument.  The fact that the conservatives are right may seem odd, but the behavior of the liberals is truly astonishing.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-16 07:22:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Schlafly helped defeat ERA, supported Goldwater--where do I sign up? 
I think it's interesting that one of the most effective methods the Democrats used to defeat Goldwater was the fear that he would get us into war (Girl and daisy ad, for example) and when Johnson was elected he promptly got us into the Vietnam war. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-17 11:48:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FCC_ups 
I'm afraid you're promoting what I consider a rather old (and, now, odd) way to look at it.  Unlike old mechanical telephone switches, the new hardware does not "wear out" and thus a person who uses it more doesn't cost the phoneco any more bucks.  If that's the case, I don't see the logic in charging a person more for greater use.  The only remaining argument for charging for use is that if everybody were to start using the telephone 3 hours per day, it is possible the switches would have to be upgraded to allow more simultaneous connects.  However, this is unlikely to happen, and as I understand it electronic switches have plenty of capacity for current needs and substantially more.
There's a good reason that Internet-connect traffic won't substantially impact telephone network limits:  My impression from my local ISP is that peak times for him are between 9pm and 11 pm.  This is a time which relatively small numbers of voice calls are made, certainly compared with the peak times during the day for business calling.  Because telephone networks are designed to meet peak usage needs, there is plenty of unused capacity at other times.  This is connect capacity that would otherwise be In other words, telephone switch capacity is starting to be more efficiently used, looked at on a 24-hour basis.  This costs the phoneco not a penny more, so they have no reason to charge more for it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-17 16:20:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Triple DES Encryption Now Available For Telephone Privacy Protection 
So does this use that previously-announced NTT encryption chip?
Is this some sort of standardized interface?  Or are we in for the crypto equivalent of the Tower of Babel?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-18 13:50:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Orbiting Datahavens 
Hard drives don't work in a vacuum, at least conventional ones don't.  (And I'm not aware of any hard drives which are designed to be permanently pressurized against a hard vacuum, either...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-19 02:00:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: BlackNet as a Distributed, Untraceable, Robust Data Haven 
I've not yet commented on this thread!  Sounds like you're confusing me with somebody else.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-19 03:39:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FCC_ups 
way costs. There are tons of other things. Hidden costs, management, laying new pipes,etc. Well, let's consider such costs.  Most of which (maintenance, management, rolling stock) are unrelated to amount of telephone usage.  So there is no reason that these costs should be unequally attributed to a person who makes local calls 1 hour per day, as opposed to another who only calls 15 minutes per day, for example.
As for the "laying new pipes" issue:  Years ago in the the US, when inter-central-office trunk connections were all implemented using large bundles of copper pairs, it would have been _correct_ to say that higher telephone usage resulted in larger costs, since more trunk lines were necessary.  Today, on the other hand, inter-office trunks (at least the new ones, and I presume that even many of the old ones have been switched over) are implemented in fiber optics.  Extra capacity is either automatically available (since the capacity of a given fiber is unlikely to be fully used) or can be fairly simply added by converting old fiber from about 450 megabits per second to 2.4 gigabits, or even faster rates which have become more recently available.
distanceservices (which subsidise the flat rate local calls) then the choice That's an entirely unsupported claim.  Nobody claims that telephone usage (term used generically) is on the way out.  "Closing down" is only going to happen if local phonecos cease to be able to provide a service that people are willing to pay for.
And as for the amount of the subsidy, let's look at it.  I've read around here recently that the amount of the charge is 3 cents per minute.  If we assume an average LD rate of 15 cents per minute, that's 20% of the  bill.  If an average LD bill is $15 per month, that's only $3 per line, per month.  It seems to me that those local phonecos could simply raise their local charges by this and totally compensate for the loss of that subsidy.  However, an even more likely outcome is that they will make structural changes which they've been able to avoid after decades as a regulated, monopolized business:  Reduce personnel levels, especially in areas other than those in which they are actually providing telephone service.  Reduce salaries from "comfy" to "competitive."  Before it was broken up in 1983, AT+T was a regulated monopoly and was, more or less, guaranteed a profit.  Extra costs, such as higher staffing levels and higher salaries, simply increased the rates, they didn't reduce the profits.  This system is still in force with the local phoneco side of the Anther thing which could be done, from the government's side (as part of an industry restructuring) is to allow phonecos to greatly accelerate their tax write-off of existing depreciating equipment, perhaps down to as low as 5 years or so.  The theory is, these phonecos are going to start competing with companies who are only buying their equipment today, and it would be unfair to saddle the older companies with old, inefficient equipment without allowing them to completely write it off quickly.  (This, of course, doesn't mean that they need to actually take it out of service...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-20 03:42:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Stopped Clock. Was: Schlafly on Crypto 
Well, I should have been more clear and said, "...what passes for a liberal these days."
In any case, my opinion is that the WRONG airplane crashed a couple of days ago.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-20 09:44:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Phoneco vs X-Phone 
makes used) What do you mean, "doesn't really fit the facts"?!?  What part of it was incorrect?  Fiber-optic _is_ commonly used in inter-office trunks, right?  It doesn't wear out, right?  Higher usage doesn't entail greater costs, right?  The capacity, while not strictly infinite, is high enough so expanded usage doesn't strain most links, right?  Finally, modern phone switches have sufficient connect capacity so that they can handle usage which would have been considered "unusual" by yesteryear's standards.  All of this points to an obvious conclusion:  Telephone companies do not, in general, have increased costs as a consequence of increased telephone usage.
Here's what I think is _really_ going on:  You have decided that you think the costs of the telephone system should be apportioned by usage EVEN IF higher usage is no more costly to provide.  That's why you don't want to  disprove my claims.  You're afraid that you'll have to say, "Yes, you're right Jim, but I _still_ think billing should be porportional to use."
Some of whom are probably unnecessary.  Interestingly enough, the rumor is that half the costs for LD are in billing and customer service.  Most of these costs would disappear if LD was unmetered.  choice cents to provide any service that people are willing to pay for, I mean they won't
I am confident that local phonecos can remain competitive even against "free" Internet telephone service.  What they need to do is simple:  Entirely remove the LD/local subsidy, remove metering on LD (as well as local), bill yearly for far lower costs, etc.  Once this is done, LD will be "free", at least on a marginal basis, so no customer will have any motivation to move to "Internet telephone" service.
In the US, the current telephone company infrastructure is ALREADY PAID FOR.  It was paid for by over-inflated rates during a monopolized era.   If anything, the locals have an "unfair advantage" over the rest of the companies:  Only they have a copper pair into every home.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-20 16:11:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
Or, perhaps, rec.humbert.humbert.humbert.humbert.humbert.humbert    B^)   (2x3=6)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:35:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Pappieren, bitte! (and Taxes, National Debt) 
This is exactly why I'm astonished when a few people occasionally (and, prematurely) reject my "Assassination Politics" idea.  If the problem is as big as all that (and it is!) then these people are well and truly guilty of way more than enough crimes to merit their deaths.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-21 13:49:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: phoneco vs X-phone 
However, those events are generally uncorrelated with usage...
Well, technically that's true, but these devices are usually running continuously, not merely when a call is being made.  In other words, more talk != more failures. For the most relevant (though minor) example that I can think of, consider the typical laser diode used to drive fiber optic cables.  These devices have a finite wearout mechanism (as opposed to most IC's which generally do not wear out in normal usage), so they may be seen to have a limited lifetime.  However, in use they are continuously transmitting data, even when portions of the channel are unoccupied, so they have a constant life regardless of individual phone usage.
This is an extraordinarily minor effect, as you might imagine.
If that is the main difference in costs, then we should abandon those regs.  Another big cost is billing, which could be eliminated if usage were unmetered.   In any case, I tend to agree:  Make these changes, eliminate the LD/local subsidy, and  the LD companies would have no problem (at least domestically) competing against Internet phone.   (International may be a different story, because foreign telcos tend to be owned by countries.)  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-21 14:53:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Phoneco vs X-Phone 
Well, okay, here's some numbers: First, I've recently found out that in large quantities, it costs 10 cents per meter for bare fiber.
Assume 30 cents per meter per fiber for cabled fiber, or about $10 (US) per meter for 36-fiber cable.  Each fiber pair should be able to handle approximately 1 million conversations at current data rates, or a total of 18 million conversations for that 18-pair cable, or 9.5 trillion Multiply this cost by 10 for right of way, trenching, repeaters, and other auxiliary hardware, or $100 per meter.  This is probably just a ballpark estimate, but...
Let's assume that the average phone call goes through 5000 kilometers of fiber, which is approximately the width of the US.  (yes, I realize this is vastly over-inflated.  But my estimate is attempting to be conservative, on the "safe" side.)  A cable the width of the US costs  $500 million.  Assume that if it is to pay for itself, it must provide gross revenue of at least this amount to make a profit.
(It would probably be more accurate to say that the cable needs to actually profit by 10% of its value per year.  If it grossed 100% of its value, per year, then that would provide up to $450 million per year  in maintenance and other costs per year, and still be a profit of 10%.  But again, I'm trying to be CONSERVATIVE in how I account for costs.)
Assume an average of 1/10th of its capacity is used, or 950 billion conversation-minutes.  Do the division, dividing $500 million by 95 billion, and this works out to 1/20 of a penny per conversation-minute.
At this point, your jaw should drop.  Despite my dramatically over-inflated cost estimates for the fiber and installation and maintenance, and vastly underestimated utilization, I've still managed to justify only 1/20 penny per minute of cost. I've read that estimates show that it would probably be cheaper to provide cellular-telephone service in China to everyone than to wire the country up with copper lines.  This isn't particularly surprising.  Cell-phones solve the "last few hundred yards/mile or two" problem quite well.  Since nearly all of the actual connections in a copperline telephone system are switch-to-individual-phone lines, going cellular saves a bundle of installation costs.
FOR.  Re-read my estimate, above.  Apparently, POTS-level "bandwidth" in a national fiber network should "cost" about 1/20 cent per minute, or maybe even less than that.  Your commentary just above shows that you are assuming a far greater cost.   For example, even your "23-hours-per-day" exaggeration should only cost 23x60x$0.0005, or $0.69 per day, or $21 per month.  High, but that usage is unrealistic, of course.  However, assuming one eighth of this usage, or 3 hours per day, that would be a daily cost of approximately $0.08, or about $2.75 per month.
Also, you need to remember that if the telephone usage (in for example, the US) was so high as to get a substantial fraction of the population on the phone, LD, for as long as 12 hours per day, the average utilization of the fiber cable I've projected would rise from the highly-conservative figure of 10%, up to perhaps  25% or so.  Since this increased usage wouldn't increase the cost of the cable itself or the installation or maintenance, the corresponding cost estimate would drop from 0.0005 dollars per minute to 40%  of this or so, which is about $0.0002 per minute.  At that rate, a "12 hours per day" usage would cost only $4.32 per month, which is well in line with current phone plans.
But again, remember that most of these "costs" are really merely the result of allocating some proportion of an existing, fixed cost.  Make that cost small enough (as fiber optics does) and spread it over enough users, and it becomes ignorable.
I don't see any problem at all!  You're just (falsely) assuming that LD should, somehow, be more expensive than local calls.  Maybe it should be VERY SLIGHTLY more expensive,  but LD fiber is basically a one-time investment  with little maintenance costs.  In order to determine how much more expensive LD should be over local, all you should have to do is figure out how much the additional equipment and fiber costs, and then consult an telephone engineer to figure out usage rates, and then go to an economist who can tell you how many more dollars you're going to have to charge.  (Based on typical ROI tables,etc.)   I've done enough of the numbers already to convince me that the amount is so tiny as to be ignorable.  The fact is, LD phone is a business that, like it or not, is going to shrink drastically _in_terms_of_dollars_, simply because the cost of that service will likewise, go down.  That's life.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-21 15:18:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: phoneco vs x-phones 
"the king is dead, long live the king!"???
The long distance companies are not "using local networks," your customers are...to connect to those long distance companies.  And any payments LD companies make to you are, indeed, a subsidy.   Tell me, how much is this _subsidy_, exactly?
BTW, in case you doubt this assessment, let's do a fair comparison, shall we?  Let's suppose, for the moment, that the amount of the subsidy is 3 cents per minute.  (a figure I heard around here, recently.)  As an alternative, the phone company would presumably be entitled to be served by phone lines, at say $30 per month or so, through which their customers reach them.  $30 per month is $1 per day or 4 cents per hour or about 0.07 cents per minute.   3 cents doesn't equal 0.07 cents, now does it?!?
Tell me again how "the local/long distance subsidy was eliminated at breakup."  Tell me another one, daddy...
How has this remaining SUBSIDY dropped over time, assuming it has?  When is it scheduled to drop to zero?
First, you need to figure out how to supply ISDN for a REASONABLE charge, like "no extra charge!" to customers.  It's been over 16 years after I first heard of ISDN.  At the time, it seemed like a wonderful idea...against the 300 baud modems then in use.  Against modern 31K modems that you only have to pay for...ONCE...ISDN seems mighty lame.
Face it, ISDN used to be a good idea.  But it's just barely shown up the moment it's hit the end of its marketing window.  ISDN will have a marketing lifetime for maybe a couple of more years, and only then because you can't put more bits through a 3.4 khz passband.
Not to mention all the bullshit propaganda that claimed that with ISDN, you wouldn't have to buy any modems.  Well, maybe that's just because they didn't CALL them modems, but they charged way more for an essentially indistinguishable function.  Can you say, "Fraud"?  I knew you could!
Okay, go ahead, charge a little extra for ISDN.  How much more?  Well, let's see:  31K modems sell for $99.  ISDN is four times faster, so let's say it's worth four times more, or $400.  Amortized over 10 years, that's about $3.60 per month.
Fair enough?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 02:54:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Whatever "worse guys" are out there, the vast majority of which would become de-fanged almost instantly on the legalization of currently-illegal drugs.
Given a choice between wishing for the death of everyone in the DEA, or everyone the DEA claims to object to, I'd off the DEA is a second.  It's an organization which guarantees the existence of its own opposition.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 05:47:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
At this point, I think the Washington Times has far more credibility than the Washington Post.  While I'm, likewise, not particularly happy with the Times' ownership, I doubt whether stories like this ever appear in the Post.  (You tell me:  Did this story ever appear in the Post?)
The Net public is getting less and less tolerant of obvious bias on the part of those who report the news.  The Times has some potential (undisplayed) bias that we need to be on the lookout for, but the Post is actively engaging in bias in its news stories, NOW.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 07:57:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Airport legal question 
I wonder how they determined that the lines above were "bomb threats."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 08:57:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
Doesn't sound much like a "threat" to me.
It sounds to me like the Chicops were just showing their "loyalty" by sitting on somebody, not that they believed any real crime had been committed.
But it isn't even a "threat", regardless of how "serious" it was.   The "I hope you die"  part is, presumably, a statement of fact:  She did, indeed, hope he dies.  But I don't see how hoping this can be considered a threat, or even SAYING she's hoping this is, likewise.
Makes me wonder whether visiting one of these appearances with a "Clinton Doll" and a bunch of pins, and visibly inserting those pins into the doll (while uttering various strange incantations), would constitute a "threat."
Frankly, I'd rather have a president who didn't feel the need to be protected by thugs.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:03:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: telco's vs x-phones 
In other words, it's a fact of 5+ cheaper than I thought...
Well, I think I blew a decimal point, there.  Even so, semi-leading edge systems do about twice as well...
However, the errors partially cancel, so I'm actually off by a factor of 2.
In which direction? BTW, keep in mind I'm considering long-haul LD links between cities and states, NOT the kind of trenching that requires digging up city streets most of the way.  I don't doubt that some portions of a coast-to-coast link are substantially more expensive than $100 per meter, but as a proportion of the total length they are very small.
Which is why you're unwilling to call it a "subsidy."
You're full of inconsistencies.  First, you stated that the local/LD subsidies "went away with the breakup" (paraphrased) yet NOW you're saying "RBOC's currently charge what regulations allow."    I suggest that if those regulations "allow" RBOC's to charge 3 cents per minute to LD companies, _that_is_the_subsidy_ that you claimed had "gone away."  It's obvious that you don't want to use the dirty word "subsidy," but that's exactly what this thing is!
You need to remember that unless a price is defined by negotiation in the free market, there remains a possibility that it contains an underlying subsidy.  Since the whole purpose of the the payment from the LD company to the local co was as a subsidy, unless that payment disappears there is always a question of whether the subsidy remains.  Apparently it does.
The most obvious alternative, one that doesn't contain an obvious subsidy is a "per line per month" pricing system, where the number of lines counted is the maximum number of simultaneous calls that can be made through a given LD company at one time.  (NOT the total number of customers that the LD company It's because the locals don't NEED a subsidy.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 14:02:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
$50's and $100's are great!
(I also like old fat dead philosophers, as well.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-22 14:43:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: usenet not working with Agent now. 
Agent keeps reporting bad server.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-23 09:22:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: telco's vs x-phones 
My error was being off a deciminal point.  I was thinking around 6.4 gigabits per second, which works out to 100,000 channels at 64,000 bits per second per channel, not 1 million.  However, even my selection of 6.4 gigabits per second is arbitrary:  I have seen at least two ads for 80 gigabit (8 channels/fiber at 10 gigabits per channel) for fiber optic systems.  But my goal is not to make fiber look unrealistically good, but to generate a ballpark figure.
Even long-haul carriers must have SOME switching equipment.  But as you note, my point is that the difference between local and LD costs is simply the fact of the insertion of some arbitrarily large amount of fiber trunk between the local switches.  LD companies still deserve to be paid, but the AMOUNT that they are paid maybe should drop to an arbitrarily low level as their costs drop.
Yes, I think the costs laying fiber are still a bit opaque.  The main reason one of the first alternative telephone LD services (Sprint) was that it was the creature of Southern Pacific Railways, who (obviously) owned a large amount of (ta da!) RIGHT-OF-WAY. And, more particularly, right of way that was well-connected, easily accessible, and easily diggable to install the fiber.  They decided they were going to put in a fiber communications system for the railroad, and at some (early?) point realized that since the cost of the trenching and fiber is basically fixed, so turning it into an LD service was going to be relatively straightforward.
(I think you still need to go back and re-check some of your figures.  Yes, I did make that decimal point error, but I think you've added a few (different) errors of your own.) Now, keep in mind that a little perusing of these numbers (even if they are not exact) reveals an few interesting facts:
The cost of doing the right-of-way/trenching is essentially independant of the number of fibers that you intend to lay.  Moreover, the cost of the fiber itself is very low.  In other words, everything being equal, you want to pack as many fibers into a trench as you can.  Add to this, the fact that you can provide a way for fiber in a buried conduit, and later (years?) blow in new fiber.  The line I saw installed, "up close and personal," had three separate ways for cable, and the one cable being installed immediately was 36 fibers.  Had two similar fibers been installed in the other ways, that's 108 fibers, and at 2.4 gigabits per second, that's about 54x40,000 simultaneous bidirectional conversations, or 2.16 million.  There are probably very few communications corridors that need more capacity than this.
 The obvious limit of this is that there is only a fairly limited demand for bit transmission (at least, compared with the capacities possible with fiber).  In addition is the fact that once you have modern-quality fiber installed, you can increase capacity by changing the optics/electronics.  It wasn't too many years ago that 400 (?) megabits/second or so was a fairly standard rate.  2.4 gigabits/sec supplanted it a few years ago, and speeds substantially greater than this are straightforward today.  AT+T claims to supply fiber now, and electronics/optics within a few months, to allow 80 gigabits per fiber, or about 32 times more than 2.4.  This should immediately explain why you aren't seeing a lot of trenching:  Except for the natural desire among engineers to duplicate trenches along major routes to protect against "trencher fade" (accidental cuts), it won't really pay to put in more than a couple trenched routes between most major cities, if they're separated by "boonies."  It's far more economical for multiple companies to share a single route, or a pair of routes.  (there is an obvious exception if the whole area is developed, such as extended corridors like Washington/New York/Boston.)
The value of an investment is compared to the average interest rate paid.  However, that's probably too conservative with a fast-changing market like telecom today.  Even so, if a system paid back profit at 10% of the investment per year, it would probably be considered a very profitable investment, and I agree with your figure of 20% before fixed costs.
Probably closer to the latter.
The main lesson from these calculations is that fiber's costs are almost entirely based on their one-time installation cost, not a continuing maintenance cost.  True, the installation must be paid for, but that translates into an interest charge that is very low.
In view of the fact that the billing for telephone is supposedly half of  the phoneco's cost, it will make sense that all telephone service will turn into a flat monthly fee, "enforced" by the possibility of Internet telephone for the few recalcitrant companies/countries who resist the transition.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-23 14:46:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
A friend of mine who's an occasional hunter, and I were watching one of those nature-shows, and as I recall they showed a deer escaping from some sort of predator.  The show's voice-over said that with the coming winter, the deer escaped "and would die a natural death."  My friend indignantly pointed out that in NATURE, getting eaten by a predator IS A NATURAL DEATH!
In a sense, for example, being in an airplane crash is "a natural death," because gravity is entirely natural!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-25 05:33:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
Remember, I added the part about the old dead fat philosophers, too!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-27 14:43:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
Leahy's crypto bill sucked, bigtime.  The portion of the bill criminalizing the use of encryption that had the effect of thwarting a government investigation is classic, "foot in the door" creeping government manipulation.  I was particularly disgusted to notice that a number of the traditional net-freedom organizations rushed to announce that they were in favor of that bill, without even a few days of analysis, and did not retract or even restrict that support when a more careful study (specifically, that of Peter Junger) showed how seriously flawed it was.  Indeed, I never saw another analysis that purported to defend Leahy's bill, despite the fact that it would have been the responsibility of any organization which claimed support of it to prepare one.
I believe that it is particularly suspicious that these bills come into existance without even cursory "vetting" on the Internet.  Both the Leahy bill and even the Burns crypto bill popped into public view without any indication of how they were written, or any public input on their intent and scope.  Perhaps this "take it or leave it" practice is old hat to politicians, but frankly I'm disgusted at politicians' presumption that they can prepare a law with no identifiable input from the public.
I am similarly disgusted at any organization (even if, ostensibly, acting in support of "net freedom") that assisted in the development of the Leahy crypto bill (and to some extent, even the Burns bill) because they clearly failed to solicit the kind of public input that such bills should automatically get.
And in a sense, "the Net" doesn't NEED "strong supporters": what we need are politicians who are willing to LEAVE US ALONE!  It should come as no surprise that the call you frequently see among net-freedom- supporters for new legislation is that which repeals existing restrictive laws, such as ITAR and censorship laws.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-28 04:23:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 18 Aug 1996 [SATELLITES] 
While I haven't looked at the more recent ones closely, most hard drives have an ultra-fine (<0.1 um particles?) filter element separating "inside" from "outside."  It allows air to pass to equalize pressure and humidity, while keeping out the dust.  (it is probably made of the same kind of material that is used, internally, as a filter for the airflow within the drive.)
Even if they didn't, there is a big difference between an enclosure that's good enough to hold a hard disk on earth, and one which can spend N-years in a high vacuum yet maintain enough air to run a hard drive.
That's not a problem at all.  Most modern drives are rated for 10's of G's, non-operating.  Satellite launches are probably a breeze compared to this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-28 15:24:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
While I, on the other hand, am surprised by your over-optimistic tone.  Bills in Congress are, technically, ALWAYS up for public comment.  And yes, they are almost always subject to amendment.  But the REALITY (remember reality?!?) is that once a bill has been officially introduced in Congress, it is substantially more difficult to add a good part, or remove a bad part, than if the bill remained on a word-processor or was simply put on the 'net for comments.
The status-quo system might have made sense in the pre-Internet era, when the public familiarity of issues and/or legislation was less, or communication costs to the public were higher, etc.  But today, when it's easy and cheap to put the text of a proposed bill on the Internet, it simply no longer makes sense to not accept public comment BEFORE the "high-hysteresis" environment of Congress has been entered.
Here's what is REALLY going on.  Congress wants to maintain the illusion that the public actually has some input into the way bills are drafted.  But in reality, they want essentially total control.  One of the many biases inserted into the system to ensure this control is maintained is to disguise the extent to which special interests (and Congress, itself, is a "special interest") get to dictate how law reads.  Consider the alternative, and in particular the Leahy crypto bill, and even more particularly the portion of that bill criminalizing the use of encryption in a way which thwarts an investigation.  Suppose the pieces of entire bill, before actual filing, had been publicly posted on the Internet, and there had been either a vote or at least a collection of comments about the individual proposed sections.  What would have happened?  That portion of the bill would have gotten flamed and rejected, with a large majority opposing it.  Moreover, we would all have KNOWN that it had been rejected.  At that point, if Leahy still insisted on including it, it would be tantamount to giving the 'net his middle finger, and we would have rightly lambasted Leahy, as he deserved.  Moreover, we would have known that someone was pushing that part of the bill, and could reasonably insist that he is But the way Leahy actually proposed it, in a package that had been put together in secret, it isn't clear how much Leahy detests our opinions, and he might actually have gotten away with foisting this on us.  See the difference?  An open system holds legislators to a much higher standard, which is why they don't like it and is why we should insist on it.   An open system reveals to the public if their interests are being followed.  An open system will allow more people to become aware of being screwed by politicians, maybe even before it happens, and it will allow them to reject legislative proposals which contain undesirable portions, particularly portions which are written into a bill despite opposition.
_THAT_ could, hypothetically, become the "legislative process" someday.  In fact, it SHOULD BE the legislative process.  I consider the current system illegitimate to the extent (at least!) that it is biased against public Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-29 15:39:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
Aren't you writing up the results of the experiment before you even take the data?  That's called "dry-labbing."  In any case, I'd welcome such a simulation, but there are a number of caveats.  To me, the most obvious one is GIGO:  Simulations, especially political/social ones, might depend heavily on assumptions that are programmed into them.   A trivial, yet interesting example is the computer game "Sim City" which allowed you to adjust the "tax rate" but problems always cropped up the further away you were from 7%.   The libertarians were frustrated that we were unable to drop the tax rate and still get a well-functioning, happy society.  It is unlikely, obviously, that there is anything magical to a society about a tax rate of 7%   The answer is likely that the people who wrote the program simply hard-coded it into the game, either directly or as a consequence of various political/social assumptions that they didn't realize they were making.
Another problem was demonstrated a few weeks ago when a "game theory"-type problem was proposed on CP, the one where 20 thieves sequentially are given the task to propose the disbursement of $20 million in loot, with a vote on the proposal and death for the proposer of a rejected proposal.  I pointed out that the difficulty with an _exact_  (game-theoretical) solution to such a problem is that the "cost" of death in this problem is undefined.  A person might be willing to take a risk of death for $20 million that he's unwilling to take for $20 THOUSAND,  and certainly not $20 DOLLARS.
AP (Assassination Politics), at least the initial "government-eliminating" function of it, should work on a financially-sound principle:  Actuarially, the value of a continuing $1/year obligation is $20 if the real interest rate is 5%.  This means that if a randomly-selected government employee is paid $40K per year including benefits (money which is stolen from taxpayers), it would be worth a one-time cost (actuarially speaking) of 20x40K, or $800,000 to see him dead and not replaced.   Assuming his death can be purchased for less than this, you are dollars ahead to buy it.  If you can buy his death for, say, $20,000 (half his yearly salary) you have, in effect, profited by $800,000-$20,000 or $780,000 to do this.
(Technically, the amount _society_ would benefit is actually the amount of salary cost eliminated, minus the ordinary benefit  of that government employee doing his usual job.  A person (statist?) might try to conclude from this that getting rid of them won't save much.  That's the collectivist point of view.   However, the people who (unwillingly) finance these salaries with their tax dollars, and the people who arguably benefit from these employees are, in my estimation, two separate and distinct groups of individuals, so my analysis is still valid for the former group.) It gets even better.  If most of these employees decide that discretion is the better part of valor, and 90% of them resign rather than (almost literally!) get the ax  then the average cost of getting rid of a given employee is reduced by another factor of 10, perhaps to $2,000.   And obviously, the system feeds on itself:  Once the average cost of getting rid of them drops to $2,000, their fate is so certain that the resignation rate would probably skyrocket to well over 99%, which would further reduce the average cost to perhaps $200, and so on.  The overall effect is somewhat akin of "falling off a cliff," or perhaps the collapse of a star destined to become a black hole:  Once a certain point it reached return is impossible or impractical. Now you should understand why I'd be quite pleased to see such a system modelled:  It would be great to be able  to vary the initial conditions, and see that the outcome turns out almost identically each time.  Such an outcome would make you very nervous:  It would show that I am correct!
(BTW, a similar analysis will probably suggest that the amount of money traditionally spent on US national defense would drop from the current figure of about $250 billion to no more than 1/1000th of this, or maybe even far less, and for similar reasons.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-30 09:37:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Simulations 
Yes, it does sound a bit inaccurate.  Let's see, while I only took one economics course in college (macroeconomics) as I recall inflation is generally the product of either the monetarization of the deficit or an increase in wages unmatched by productivity increases.  The latter is unlikely to be caused extensively by government policy or spending (Davis-Bacon is an obvious exception to this in the private sector), and if the government spending and taxes are zero then obviously the former can't be the cause.  That reminds me of a related flaw in Sim City.  When the program is queried as to
what the public's main complaints are, the information is presented by the program as the percentage of the population considering various problems to be the "most important."  However, it did not explicitly rank the SERIOUSNESS of these problems in absolute terms.  Since it is practically an axiom of human nature that we'll FIND something to complain about if nothing comes immediately to mind, the danger is that you'll over-react to a non-problem with a "solution" (often involving more government spending) that is even Another bias was the fact that the program seemed to lump all infrastructure-type spending into government, as opposed to a privatized solution.   In reality, if you drop government spending very low problems will begin to be solved by private means.  In Sim City, however, the system did not compensate in this way,  leading to low or even negative growth, and extreme dissatisfaction, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-30 12:32:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Clinton follies ideas? 
It's too bad that somebody can't fiddle with his speech tonight, at the end of a page inserting the text,
"I'm really sorry that my friend and advisor Dick Morris was caught..."
and then replacing the rest of the speech with blank pages...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-30 14:11:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Intel to rule the basic crypto engine market? 
The one kind of standardization in the crypto market that we truly need, NOW, is a standard format/protocol so that crypto telephones from all manufacturers can talk to each other.  The last thing we need is a tower-of-Babel situation, which would be even worse than the VHS/Beta wars of 20-10 years ago.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-31 06:26:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: **"OuR" Project press release** (fwd) 
[stuff deleted]
Recommendation for the next one:  Rather than try to brute force  an LEO from about sea level, how about  lofting the rocket by balloon up to a starting altitude of, say, 100,000 feet, and letting'er'rip from there?  (this is probably not a new technique...)
Using a hydrogen balloon, a cubic meter of balloon volume would loft 1.2 kilograms at sea level, although only 1/50th of that at 100,000 feet, or 25 grams.  A 700-pound (320 kilogram)rocket would require 12,000 cubic meters of envelope volume, discounting the weight of the balloon itself, equivalent to the volume of a cube 25 meters on a side.  Obvious advantages:  First, you're 20 miles closer to an LEO altitude of about 200 miles or so, a considerable advantage.  Even more important, my back-of-the-envelope calculation says that at 100,000 feet, you're above about 98% of the atmosphere.  There'd be a minor advantage if you managed to find a 300 mph easterly airstream just before launch.
(Derived from the numbers included in the original note, I assume that the average upward speed is 1000 feet per second, and a top speed of about 2000 feet per second reached at an altitude of about 10,000 feet (Mach 2).   This peak velocity occurs when the barometric pressure is not greatly different than sea level, which is a huge waste of energy.    I'd like to see the real numbers, or at least a simulation.  Could they re-run the simulation for a starting altitude of 100,000 feet?)
And I don't think they have a prayer of doing an LEO without substantially increasing the proportion of fuel in the rocket from their current 35%, and possibly doing a two-stage rocket. I'd like to hear much more about this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-01 11:48:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: denial of service and government rights 
Unicorn has a long history of reciting government abuses, but then failing to provide any sort of answer to them.  My solution (AP:  "Assassination Politics") would make such abuse fatal. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:31:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Laptops and TEMPEST 
I disagree that it's a "dangerous misconception" to believe that "LCD screens reduce the risks of emanation."
While it might be correct to say that it would be dangerous to believe that they ELIMINATE the risks, LCD displays would make it exceedingly difficult to read the screen remotely.  The main reason is that the LCD segments are activated in parallel, which means that the electronic noise associated with a particular row is a smeared product of each portion of the display.  This is quite unlike CRT's, in which individual pixel information is completely (well, except for color) demultiplexed by time.
What does the backlighting have to do with anything?  The backlight and its noise is not modulated (at least, not in anything less than the optical band) by the imformation provided on the screen.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-06 18:32:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PGP in Russia 
Don't the ITARs say it's illegal to "disclose" that material to a foreign person?  If that's the case, then presumably a person could take the material out of the country without "disclosing it," or he could "disclose" it to that foreign person inside the US.    True, the government seems to have already taken the position that there is a personal-use exemption, but so far we haven't heard any action with regards to in-country disclosure to a foreigner.  I'm not trying to give them any nasty ideas, but a domestic sting with this as its nexus seems possible.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-16 19:40:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: KRA_gak 
While this will, of course, be obvious to those frequenting CP, notice a curious fact here:  The commentary above refers to the organization as a "Key Recovery Alliance."  Well, one might normally expect that organizations are usually named based on their primary raison d'etre.  Yet, the objectives listed above clearly do not require, or even desire, "Key Recovery."  Quite the opposite, in fact.  If there was any need to demonstrate the illegitimacy of this  arrangement to the press or public, you need merely show that the people and organizations participating in it don't even consider the goal implicit in the name to be a desireable outcome.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-16 19:41:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ITARs effects 
I suppose one of the myriad reasons it would have been difficult/impossible to prosecute Zimmermann is that, because the "crime" was approaching the end of the statute of limitations, the prospect existed that sometime during the trial, we could have had a "Perry Mason"-type ending, with somebody else standing up and claiming credit for the (then past the limit) act of uploading PGP.  If the standard used for conviction was "beyond a reasonable doubt," it would be just about impossible to convict unless the gov't had some sort of person-specific evidence, rather than merely evidence that PGP got onto the web.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-18 18:54:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Earl Edwin Pitts, $224,000 
Or maybe he could just _claim_ to have sold the database.  That'd work just as well, I think.   Think how much trouble the gov't would have to go to do disprove him!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-21 20:02:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
For years, Radio Shack has sold an indoor/outdoor thermometer with  max/min temperature function.  Going on a long trip and carrying a 5-pound loaf of cheese?  Stick the outdoor thermo pickup in the cheese before you depart, to ensure that it wasn't exposed to damaging temperature excursions!   I'm sure this looks wonderful on an X-ray.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-22 11:10:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Executing Encrypted Code 
Within the last week or two, I read (somewhere?) of a new system to analyze chip behavior that utilized tiny amounts of light momentarily emitted from FET channels during switching.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-22 16:30:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Ebonics 
This is not true.  The recent commentary and interviews I've seen on this subject make it clear that the people speaking "Ebonics" are quite capable of speaking in standard English, and do so when they find it, er, convenient.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-22 19:32:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOT NOISE] Microsoft Crypto Service Provider API 
What if the software involved was IMPORTED?  Moreover, is legal to export just the signature?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-23 18:27:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOT NOISE] Microsoft Crypto Service Provider API 
Except that it isn't clear that there are any enforceable "rules," particularly after the Patel decision.
You've stated a position, but you haven't supported it.  It's the position you might expect the government to take, given its past behavior, but it isn't yet clear that this is the case.
Even if, arguably, once-imported software becomes subject to ITAR, it is by no means clear that a "signature" is in any way controlled by ITAR.  After all, looked at generously, the "signature" might simply be a plaque or paper certificate, saying "this is wonderful software!"
Remember, no matter how long that signature it, it might just happen to be the same string as a compressed bit of data from some other source, etc.    The signature might be 16 bits long, for all we know.
In short, the "you can't export signatures" is simply more steps removed from the "you can't export crypto software."  We have yet to see anybody attempt to enforce this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-23 19:26:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
You obviously (deliberately?) are misrepresenting May's comment above.  It isn't that some kinds of evil are "no big deal":  It's that quantiatively, refusing to accept a solution that would prevent, say, 100 deaths, simply because it would cause _one_ DIFFERENT death is foolish and misguided.  If you feel inclined to deny this, consider the reverse situation:  Would you approve of the saving of one life if it cost 100 lives?  (all things being equal.)  While most people would feel uncomfortable being asked to make decisions of this kind, that does not mean that one outcome is not identifiably better than another.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-23 22:33:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOT NOISE] Microsoft Crypto Service Provider API 
paper Who says "that is obviously not going to be legal under ITAR"?  Personal computers themselves are devices which can do encryption, given appropriate software, and yet export of such devices goes on every day.  Operating systems are capable of calling programs like PGP, and yet they are exported every day.
(This is by no means a trivial issue.  If I were to ask you, "Would you rather somebody give you a $1000 computer and FAIL to give you a copy of good encryption software (which is also available, free, on the 'net), or give you the software and FAIL to give you the $1000 computer, I think most people would happily choose the former, knowing that they can easily remedy the former's drawbacks.)
Remember, the only reason "signatures" have any significance is if somebody else writes a program which looks for that signature before deciding whether to run a program.  If the "signature" involved simply says "Hi there!" (or is sufficiently short as to be easily reverse-engineerable), presumably the fault lies with somebody else, NOT the person who just happens to export 128 bits of value suspiciously identical to a value appended to a domestic copy of the program.
It isn't necessary to "make something legal."  Ostensibly, under our legal system, activities are legal unless there is a law to make them illegal.  (some would include regulations in this... I don't believe that constitutionally, "regulations" are enforceable against non-government people or corporations.)  I believe we should fight to decrease the envelope of what the government tries to force us/keep us from doing.
If I had proposed, 10 years ago, that programs be signed (whether or not they had anything to do with crypto), that would have been legally irrelevant under ITAR.  I argue that the fact that a program exists, somewhere out there, that looks at the signature before running a program, that cannot per se make the signature non-exportable.  (Otherwise, if NO program existed with those characteristics of being able to run that software, presumably that software could be exported freely because it was totally non-functional.)
If anything, if the government doesn't want crypto to leave the US, that's their row to hoe and they're gonna fail.  Giving ANYONE authority to export a program (or OS, or computer) simply because it first checks a signature, should not be interpreted as to put the onus on everyone else to ensure that the signatures are "legal."
Otherwise, it could have been just as effectively argued that once PGP 1.0 had been written, any PC-clone ever built automatically because a device potentially capable of encryption, and thus the government would (arguably) be entitled to prohibit its export.  Since the US government hasn't insisted that every computer being exported since 1991 be incapable of running good crypto (example: PGP) presumably that is a valid precedent that merely enabling good crypto does not constitute some sort of automatic ban.  A signature enables crypto no more than a CPU or operating system does.
I say all this, not because I believe the government CAN'T do this, or WON'T do this, but because there is no precedent (that I know of) restricting the export of small pieces of data.  They aren't crypto programs, or anywhere close.  The only nexus of restriction is presumably crypto programs, and signatures aren't that!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-24 18:06:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Actually, this kind of stunt fully justifies whatever level of lethal punishment  that the public will one day direct at these thugs.  Look at what you just said, paraphrased by me:
"Man wins $27,000.  He will eventually be required to report and pay taxes on the amount, but not quite yet.  Stupid I/R/S people alert him BEFORE he files his taxes.  He reports the payment, as is ostensibly legally required.  He paid the taxes owed.  Period."
THEN you said, "we settled the matter."   Huh?  What, exactly, was there to "settle"?  Remember, you just said that the stupid I/R/S agents ALERTED him, right?  Well, if they do stupid things they ought to be punished for them, right?!?  One of the consequences of showing your hand early is that any potential opponent can adjust his behavior to AVOID getting caught doing something wrong.  Since this man's obligations were in the future, he was alerted to fulfill them.
(this is quite analogous to cops driving around in marked cars.  Presumably, they will occasionally be seen by a person planning a crime, who may be deterred from his intent temporarily or permanently.)
Don't try to claim that the act of receiving the money in portions evidenced intent to commit a crime, because reporting and paying the taxes made that possibility moot.  At best, you might claim that had he COULD HAVE carried it through to illegality, analogous to the possibility that if a person picks up an object in a store, he MIGHT head for the exit without paying, or go to the cash register to pay.  Store detectives, wisely, know that they must wait for a shoplifter to leave the store BEFORE closing in.
I say again:  It is  PRECISELY this kind of outrageous behavior that results in revolutions, assassinations, and other incidents.  The hostage-taking currently going on in Peru has captured Peruvian government officials who heretofore, felt safe abusing THEIR citizenry the same way you once felt safe abusing yours. Tell me, would you have felt abused if during your previous employment you'd been taken hostage similarly?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-24 19:29:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Who says?  He eventually reported it within the legally-defined time.  The evidence of intent to COMPLY with the law is far stronger than the evidence of the opposite.  Again, he clearly DID NOT "evade the reporting requirement."  Brian Davis admitted this. (Whether he ever intended to do this is sheer speculation on the part of anyone else.  We'll never know; as Davis pointed out, the IRS screwed up.)   Even if the standard of evidence was as low as "preponderance of evidence" (which it, of course, is not in a criminal case) he SHOULD have won.  By waiting until the return was filed and the tax was paid, the IRS was allowing him to resolve whatever ambiguity remained.
Actually, if there were any justice, he should have been able to sue the bank for reporting him and NOT INFORMING HIM of that fact.  (I presume the law requires the bank to report suspicious transactions.  I also presume that the law _doesn't_ prohibit the bank from telling the customer that it will have to report that transaction.)  The bank, presumably being experts in the matter, recognizes that lay individuals can't be expected to be experts in specialized areas, and should be considered obligated to warn customers away from suspicious-looking transactions.  I'm sure the REAL LAWYERS (tm) on this list will be able to cite examples of where experts of all kinds were sued by non-experts for failing to warn them of unexpected dangers that could have been averted had the appropriate advice been given promptly.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-24 21:28:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: clipper plans 4 sale 
When Clipper was first proposed, in April of 1993, as I recall one of the government-types promoting it claimed that it would be exportable "except to terrorist-sponsoring countries like Libya."
This made me laugh:  It seemed to me that if Clipper codes were kept and available to the US government, you'd expect that they'd WANT Libya to get those phones!  In fact, they'd air-drop them in the thousands, right?  After all, this would make other countries more dependant on the US for cooperation, and they'd be more pliable as a result, right?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-24 21:28:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
In law, there's a concept known as "mens rea," or "guilty mind."  (A Real Lawyer (tm) should be able to explain this to CP)    Presumably, if the legal system followed its own rules, it would be impossible to have a "guilty mind" about exporting crypto subsequent to the Patel ruling, until such time as that ruling was specifically overturned.  After all, the lay public is not expected to be experts here, and if a judge (!) says that crypto export regulations are a violation of the US Constitution, we should be entitled to believe her and to believe that we're entitled to disobey the (unconstitutional) law with a clear conscience.
Further, IMO, It shouldn't even matter if contrary legal decisions exist, as long as they are not directly above that court so as to overrule Judge Patel. Our consciences can still be clear:  If courts can't, themselves, agree, presumably we aren't obligated to second-guess which one is correct and which one is not.
However, a REAL LAWYER would also have to tell you that the system doesn't obey its own rules!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-24 21:47:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Bzzt, wrong answer!  By definition, if the report was filed as a consequence of the transaction, then the transaction was reported IN FACT and the person didn't evade it!   (whether he wanted to evade it is, of course, pure speculation on your part.  It is, obviously, questionable whether the government can make a person's mere _desires_ criminal.)
Let's suppose, hypothetically, that there is a rule which states "If anybody comes in and does three separate $9,000 transactions, they get reported."  In that case, anybody who does those transactions is already aware that doing them does NOT "evade the reporting requirements."
Okay, maybe no such explicit rule exists.  However, can you prove that anyone really believes that he is "evading reporting requirements"?  Having read of this incident, it is quite obvious that the government doesn't obey its own rules and doesn't limit itself to logic and reasonable positions. It is also obvious that banks can't be trusted to follow reliable rules.   Once aware of this, how can you show that a person really thought he was getting away with anything?  (which is, after all, an essential element of the crime of "structuring", I suppose.)
Gotcha!  Catch-22 situation.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-25 21:25:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
Please comment on my (layman's) proposal that no "mens rea" ("guilty mind") can be attributed to a person who is relying on a not-yet-overturned judicial decision.  In other words, if a person has a genuine belief that what he's doing has been upheld by the Patel ruling, he cannot be claimed to have had "mens rea."  (I am presuming, here, that before he does anything, he "clears it" with a lawyer who assures him that what he's planning is at least covered in the Patel decision as being okay.  I understand, of course, that "mens rea" may be irrelevant in CIVIL REGULATORY issues, but not in CRIMINAL ones.)
What about leaving a floppy on a sidewalk in Des Moines, Iowa, which might be picked up by a wandering foreign tourist who happened nearby?
Sheesh, these judges are real idiots, even when they accidently are coming to (mostly) the right conclusion.
However, if being "on the Internet" is automatically presumed to be an export, why can't we program using remote-control editors which might, someday, be available on the Internet?  (maybe they already are; somewhat analogous to the old timesharing computers of yore.  If the underlying files were kept overseas, modified by specific editing commands sent to a remote system, presumably Patel's dicta would suggest that those files were never "exported" per se.  They were formed and kept overseas, INTENTIONALLY, to avoid the later necessity of exporting them had they been kept in the US.)  This would be an modifed and automated version of the way versions of PGP later than 1.0 were supposed to have been developed:  Actual coding was done overseas, based on suggestions and comments from other countries.  (including, presumably, the US.)
Yes, realize that pessimism overtakes me here.  "The system" never wants to admit a contradiction.  I would argue, however, that whereever the system wishes to draw the line and call everything outside the line "an export," that decision should be considered binding on the government even when such a conclusion leads to unexpected and undesireable consequences.  (for the government, at least...)
Wouldn't it be more accurate to say that they are no longer considered precisely defined exceptions, NOT that the exceptions no longer exist?  It seems to me that if the "burden of non-ambiguity" falls on those writing the regulations, failure to eliminate ambiguity would have to be resolved in favor of tolerating actions that fall into the grey area.  For example, if a law was passed that said, "pornographic writing is illegal," and the SC later determined that "pornographic" was ambiguously defined, what they WOULDN'T do is to make ALL writing illegal!  (which would, obviously, be an over-broad restriction, in an of itself.)  Otherwise, what would on the surface appear to be a overturning of a law would actually be a _broadening_ of it.  But again, deal with the mens rea issue.  If Patel said, "It's okay to export this software because the regulation is invalid," and you do so relying on this ruling, wouldn't any subsequent (criminal)  prosecution both have to prove you did it, and ALSO prove that you were being unreasonable in relying on the ruling?  (Are rulings of illegality somehow more "reasonable" than rulings of legality?)
I'm not suggesting that her decision can't be overturned in the future; I'm suggesting that until it is overturned, each member the public is entitled to act in reliance on it, perhaps at least the ones in her jurisdiction.
However, wouldn't it be a good idea to take advantage of what is at least a temporary decision?  If I were a large corporation, having just developed an excellent design for a crypto telephone, I might want to export it NOW, which is in effect taking advantage of a temporary loosening of restrictions.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-25 23:00:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Well, I agree that I was "shooting from the hip" on my statement that the government doesn't prohibit informing the victim (and yes, such people are indeed properly called "victims") that a report was made (see below).  Imagine that, Jim Bell OVERestimating the ethics of the government!  That'll teach me a lesson.
Notice that they don't define what would constitute an "attempt to cause a domestic financial institution to fail to file a report..."  Since from the story told, it is obvious that there is no hard-and-fast rule on reporting, it should be equally obvious that there is no sure-fire way to prevent a report.  As such, equally so, there is no object way to tell (other than, say, a direct statement by somebody) that a person's actions were intended to avoid a report.
Given that the 1st amendment to the US Constitution supposedly is intended to guarantee freedom of speech, any prior restraint on speech must be presumed to be unconstitutional unless proved to be constitutional.  Since under the circumstances described there is no known crime or ongoing investigation, such a prohibition on speech doesn't even rise to the level of hypothetical "obstruction of justice" which is occasionally brought up as a phony justification for such bans.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-25 23:01:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
"preponderance have You just admitted that the bank was ready, willing, and able to report the tranactions without regard to whether they fit within some specific, fixed standard.  That being the case, and presuming somebody was aware enough of the practices to realize this (which the lawyer presumably was), then there's no evidence that doing what the lawyer did would "keep the bank from complying with the law."  (How, exactly, was the lawyer to know whether or not any particular action would actually achieve the result you claimed he Apparently, I presumed wrong.  The thugs are even more thuggish than I had imagined.  Whether or not any such prohibition is constitutional is another issue, however.  The fact that anybody would attempt to write such a restriction into law says a lot about them, however!
experts that I would argue that if the bank can be forced to help the government enforce the law, the bank should also become liable for damage done as a consequence of complying with such requirements.  While it's a different area, within the last few years a decision was made (SC?) that companies which had made Agent Orange for the US Government during Vietnam can be held liable (without recourse against the government, apparently) for the damages caused ex-servicemen for selling dioxin-tained Agent Orange to the government, but manufactured totally according to government specifications.  (and used only outside the US, under government direction, by government agents, in an entirely different legal jurisdiction, to boot!)   Seemingly, doing something at the behest of government does not immunize one.
I have none.  But then again, I don't have to.  Unless "guilty until proven innocent" has been adopted as a standard of proof in American courts.  Do you know something we don't?
BTW, gambling pools like this are supposed to be illegal, aren't they?  Isn't it odd when government seems to stop enforcing laws unless it's profitable to do so?  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-26 17:30:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
caused only Wrong.   They're not _identical_, but on the other hand it is indeed similar in many respects.  Remember, "complying with a federal regulation" is actually a misleading statement:  If _any_ leeway is allowed
in how to "comply," the organization involved is, presumably, liable for the exercise of that freedom.  Or, at least, they should be if the rules were followed.  While admittedly this is an off-the-wall example, if a bank reported these transactions by sending them by car driven by a license-free 16-year old, and he lost control and killed a dozen people in a crowd, the fact that the bank "was complying with a federal regulation" wouldn't save them from hefty liability.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-27 17:02:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RUL_let 
Sounds like "government regulations" today, doesn't it!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-27 19:26:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: cryptoanarchy 
maybe you just don't like the answers?
You must be kidding.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-30 18:29:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
His comments were not "offensive, racist, and bigoted."  They were funny, intentionally so.  The whole "Ebonics" issue is a hilarious example of political-correctness gone mad.  Interestingly, Jesse Jackson tried to make it look like the blacks were the victims, the ones most offended by the actions of the Oakland schools people.  Embarrassed, maybe, victims no.
(A friend of mine greatly prefers the term, "Niglish."  I try hard to not be Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-12-30 22:45:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Structuring" of Communications a Felony? 
When Senator Leahy's first crypto bill was proposed early this year, at first glance it appeared to help our cause. Many people around here at least gave it lukewarm support.  However, it contained a section making  (quote approximate) "use of encryption to thwart an investigation" a crime.  I pointed out, quite loudly, that any encrypting anonymous remailer could be considered practically automatically guilty of this.  In fact, the feds could simply start a sham "investigation," perhaps assisted by a phony message sent by a confederate through the remailer, and then declare that their investigation had been "thwarted."
Whether such an interpretation would fly was, obviously, a question, but by the time the SC had issued its ruling the remailer's hardware would have been siezed collecting dust in some Fed warehouse for 2-3 years.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-01 22:27:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Time codes for PCs (fromn German Banking) 
I am well aware of the facts you indicate, and many more of which
you aren't even aware.  But one of the functions (in fact, the basic,
intended one) of GPS is to locate, as precisely as possible, the exact
location of the receiver.  Thus, time delays can be compensated to the
accuracy of the location fix, at the very least.  If we assume 100 meters
error, max, that's about 300 nsec error.  (GPS receivers AUTOMATICALLY
compensate for such delays!)
Well, this clock doesn't pretend to be better than about 5-10 milliseconds
even in signal-locked condition.  However, there is a dipswitch on the
bottom of the unit, settable in 500 mile increments, from Boulder, Colorado.
500 miles corresponds to 3 milliseconds.  Clearly this was a good device
when made, but has obviously been supplanted by at least a factor of 1000 by
Simple answer:  You don't.  More complicated answer:  Most such devices
don't merely input the time signal, but they use an accurate internal clock
to maintain good time when signals go away.  In fact, the best units
"discipline" the local oscillator, either actually changing its frequency or
at least following its errors over time.  The result is that sudden errors
would be noticed.  A good TCXO is stable to well better than 1 ppm.
Well, since "everybody" in one locale can receive a particular (local) TV
channel, one solution might be to compare time with respect to the beginning
of a particular scan line..  You may not trust the signal, but you know its
a signal that "everybody" receives.  There may be no other provision for
adding time to it, but a relatively low accuracy crystal oscillator could
identify particular frames, etc.

@_date: 1996-02-02 04:59:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Crypto-smart-card startup Inside Technologies 
I hope you're right about this.  But there's something to keep in mind.  Let's suppose that in 10 years 640 bits are "easily" cracked.  Anybody with the storage (money) to keep all these messages will have the power to sort through everything you said in 1996, '10 years later.'  Who has the money to even store these messages, as well as the inclination?
You guessed it, the government.
I realize that it is arguable that this would be possible, no matter what keylength is chosen.  True, someday 1024-bit keys might be easily cracked, but that will probably be 30-50 years from now, not 10.  In other words, "stretching" the technology today on the "encrypt" side makes storing these messages far less attractive, meaning that the government will have less motivation to do it, and will not be able to make the effort pay off for a few more decades.
I would like to see laws:
1.  Prohibiting the government from storing encrypted messages it can't currently decrypt for over, say, a couple of years.
1a.  Prohibiting any USE by the government of such messages obtained and stored by other entities, including individuals and private corporations, without the express permission of the sender AND receiver of the message.
2.  Prohibiting the government from even ATTEMPTING to decrypt a domestically-obtained encrypted message, without a warrant which is simultaneously given to the source of the message:  In other words, alerting him to the government's interest.
This is just a start.

@_date: 1996-02-02 11:10:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan appearing on "Europe's Most Wanted" 
Actually, I think your argument self-destructs.  Tim May is right.  If you take solace in the fact that "most mainstream Jewish groups *love* [you] right now," then that strongly implies that this fact (assuming, for the purposes of the argument, that your claim is true: you are loved) indicates that Jewish groups have some sort of strong input into who Germany prosecutes.  This implies a political friend/foe system, which is EXACTLY the kind of indeterminacy that Tim May  (and many other people) are worried about.   Consider the position of a "new" person who isn't on the "mainstream Jewish groups radar" (either positive or negative) the way you claim to be.   The implications of your statement is that HE would have to WORRY.  YOU would be SAFE!
Doesn't this bother you a bit?

@_date: 1996-02-02 17:08:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RC2 Source Code - Legal Warning from RSADSI 
Despite being totally uninvolved with whatever this guy's talking about, Jim
Bell is responding:
Hey, I'm not a lawyer, and I don't even play one on TV, but as I understood the law keeping something a secret was an alternative to disclosing it with a patent.  Patents had certain advantages and disadvantages; trade secrets had other advantages and other disadvantages.  A famous example, the "formula for Coca-Cola" was kept secret for decades; to patent it would have allowed anybody else to build Coca-Cola after 17 years of patent protection.  Keeping it secret could, theoretically last forever, but the legal protection against copying is less or even non-existent.
I am well aware that the legal system has been abusing the whole concept of patenting software, etc, ever since they discovered they wanted to keep the country from using RSA in the middle 1970's.
However, it seems to me that if your "trade secret" is now disclosed, then it really isn't a "trade secret" anymore and you lose "trade secret" status.  You may have a valid claim against the discloser, but that SHOULD be unrelated to everyone else.
It sounds like you want the best of both worlds:  You want to claim "trade secret" status for something that you either can't or don't want to patent.

@_date: 1996-02-02 17:20:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Charter of PDX Cpunk meetings 
Which "false and unrealistic claims"?
I am removing your name from the subscription list for This isn't a DEBATE.  It is a WARNING to all other potential suckers in the Portland Oregon area that Alan Olsen engaged in highly unethical behavior with regards to the recent cypherpunks meeting, flamed me without justification in the national list, failed to respond to security inquiries, failed to deny issues and matters of truth, and failed to properly deal with a situation that he had a responsibility to handle ethically.  Not to mention lying in the comment above.
I am going to take this to the national list, because you took it there first in your original flame:  I am going to point out that you flamed me for no good reason; you engaged in a "knee-jerk" "debunking" without even knowing what you were ostensibly "debunking,"  that you failed to respond to my polite request for clarification; that you've attempted to pretend that I was somehow at fault for noticing your transgressions; that your local clique is pre-programmed to defend you in the face of your transgressions.  I notice that some of them don't even know what a key-signing meeting is FOR:  I've received commentary which suggests that they believe that key-signing somehow vouches for the HONESTY of the person involved; not his Until you start responding substantively to legitimate complaints, that is all you deserve.  The public needs to be warned about people like you.

@_date: 1996-02-04 01:09:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: THIS IS NOT NUKEPUNKS Re: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
Actually, at this point I don't think it would be inappropriate to remind
you two debaters (as well as the rest of the people here) that part of the
implications of my "Assassination Politics" idea is that it would
automatically force the elimination of all heavy weapons including nuclear,
down perhaps to handheld rifles.
 I am a 2nd amendment absolutist:  I believe that I have the right to
possess any and all "arms," including nuclear, biological, and chemical, as
well as all convention armaments.
There is no contradiction here.  BTW, Rich, I hope you saw my recent comment wherein I praised you for your
principles and courage concerning the "Zundelsite" situation.  Perhaps I
originally judged you in haste.  While possessing no sympathy (even strongly
negative sympathy) for Nazi and Neo-Nazi (and Holocaust revisionist)
propaganda, I have similarly low opinions of censorship of all kinds.
My knowledge of this is hazy, however.  Consider this the beginnings of what
may be a profound and sincerely felt apology.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-02-04 10:59:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [noise] Re: Charter of PDX Cpunk meetings 
Alan Olsen is correct, here.
Alan Olsen will be amazed to see that I am absolutely agreeing with his limited understanding of the description of the events of the meeting.  Further, I am acknowledging that I said certain things which, to the vast majority of the population, and ESPECIALLY moderately-technically educated ones, would sound like "magical thinking and pseudo science."  Even to extremely well-educated ones, in fact.  This sounds strange, but it is true.  But of course, I only told him PART of the story.  It is as if David Copperfield (the magician, not the Dickens character) claimed that he was going to make an elephant disappear:  The claim sounds impossible to believe. Logic tells us he can't do that.  But, on the other hand, he has a reputation as a "magician."   The difference, obviously, is that the name "David Copperfield" is far better known than "Jim Bell."
Of course, I am embarrassed to have to admit that I can't recall the name of the person who said something like, "A sufficiently advanced technology is indistiguishable from magic."  Perhaps somebody more "into" SF quotations can supply the reference.
Regrettably, I fear Alan Olsen (being exposed to talk which at the time he interpreted as "magic") will mis-remember the details of which I spoke. Actually, in the short term this is good.  Fortunately, I recall what I said quite well, and it will all become clear eventually.
As I kept saying in my (not-yet-canned) tagline:
Something is going to happen.    Something....Wonderful!   (2010)
Alan Olsen is correct, here.  He did not indicate the extent of his disbelief.  Perhaps I would have been willing to tell him more if he'd politely approached me after the meeting with his doubts.  Maybe not, however.
It's not really a deep-dark secret.
Instead, Alan Olsen flamed me on this national list, despite myself having done nothing to him (either in public or private or private email) to justify this.  In case there is any doubt here, I hereby give him permission to post any past and/or future (private) email from me to him that he may care to quote, which in his opinion "justifies" his acts of flaming.  Furthermore, I give a blanket permission to anybody reading this message to publish on this (or other, more appropriate list) any private email from me which would, itself, "justify" or explain, pre-facto, Alan Olsen's odd In other words, Alan Olsen has bought the rope, and has tied it to a branch on the tree, and is now asking permission from me to hang himself.  He has my permission.
And my response was that unless he (the anonymous poster) was unwilling to at least use a stable nym to stick around long enough to debate the details on some SUITABLE area, his criticisms were no more realistic than flames. But he (the anonymous poster):
1.  FLamed me on this national list, similarly to the way Alan Olsen later did.
2.  Failed to be willing to sustain the debate in a more appropriate list, even under a stable nym.
3.  Didn't stick around to respond to my commentary.
Others apparently disagree.  I received supportive (private) email, agreeing that I had been flamed by that anonymous poster.  The fact that he was anonymous says it all.  The fact that he has not returned says it all.  The fact that Alan Olsen is bringing up this example as if it is some sort of fault of mine incriminates Alan Olsen most of all.
If that's all that he did, then it wouldn't have been a problem.  I suspect that Alan Olsen had something to do with that anonymous post; in fact, I suspect that he knows who sent it.  Alan's following commentary sounds like an admission that he, himself, did it.
Your general behavior bothers me.
Justa sec.  You're admitting that a person  (YOU?!?)ANONONYMOUSLY posted to Cypherpunks, with a "good portion" of what even you are willing now to admit was a "flame", and yet you fault ME for my response to it?
Pardon me for a few minutes while I try to stop laughing, Alan.  Which I believe is the logical thing to do.  For a number of reasons.  First, I am well aware of the primary purpose of the Cypherpunks list, and the fact that I am relatively new here.  I have no intention of inflicting an unwelcome discussion of "Assassination Politics" on the list, and certainly not with a person who clearly wanted to start a flamewar and didn't genuinely want to debate the issues with even a stable nym.
Clearly, I recognized that if I responded to the bait and clogged Cypherpunks with off-topic (or numerous marginal-topic ones) then this flamer would already have won by sowing hate and discontent, and have not suffered any longterm loss of reputation of his own.  I, on the other hand, use my REAL NAME.
Only a fool would have taken an anonymous flamer seriously under those You're admitting it, huh?
In other words, you took the time to flame me, but when I failed to take the bait you lost interest and went on to something else, huh?  Interestingly, subsequent to that event, both you and a number of your clique "lose interest" very quickly when things turn against you.  How...conveeeeenient!
What you REALLY wanted to do was to create your own little fiefdom where you could punish non-believers, a privilege which does not accrue to you on the national list.  You have my permission, BTW.  Go ahead and post them.  And this message will be signed.
Yes I was "pretty pissed."   But since you've now basically admitted that you were the anonymous flamer, as well as having flamed me on Cypherpunks without justification, under the circumstances I don't think you have pretty much destroyed your own credibility.  I assume people on Cypherpunks don't want anonymous flaming, and they wouldn't have appreciated it if I'd taken your bait and abused my position here.
In other words, Alan Olsen's clique decided to help him out of his jam.  He'd screwed up by flaming me nationally, and he disappeared for a few days while his cronies tried to pretend that it was all my fault.
Read:  "After my credibility had been shot to pieces...."
Read:  "I don't want anybody to know what I did, Jim.  Stop reminding people about it!"
Read:  "Alan Olsen exercised his authority in his own personal fiefdom, the "PDX Cypherpunks list."
That's a very interesting admission, Alan.  While I'm sure that some of the people around here are interested in your character faults, baiting, flaming, and crude anonymous posting, most of them probably want this discussion off the national list and onto a local one.  Problem was, you couldn't even accept getting embarrassed locally, despite the fact that I was willing to maintain this as a local issue.  You were clearly afraid that your credibility would be destroyed by a serious discussion of your actions, so you couldn't even accept limiting the discussion to the local list.
Read:  "Things are bad enough as it is!  I'd better cut and run."
On the contrary, I have no interest in dealing with this sleazy character in email.  He was the one who chose a national list to do his flaming and baiting, and I think he deserves full "credit."
Alan, please re-post these "veiled threats."  Let's see how you interpreted them as such.  Please explain your reasoning.
Above, you accused me of "magical thinking and pseudo science."  Let's see, maybe I ought to get out my set of voodoo dolls and poke a few pins in them...
Feel that, Alan?  And that?  And that?  Anonymously, with flames, on a national list on which the discussion did not belong, anyway.   I, recognizing this, attempted to spare the rest of you Olsen's rants.
Alan Olsen is unwilling to apologize for his behavior.  He was unwilling to debate as a stable nym, even.  Clearly, he did not want to genuinely debate the issues involved.
No, I take unjustified (and anonymous) flames on Cypherpunks as attacks not only on myself, but on the rest of you people.   The only reason this discussion came back is that Alan Olsen's personal fiefdom was not strongly enough controlled by him, apparently, to help him out.
That's an odd statement from a person who wasn't willing to debate as a stable nym.  I'm using my own name.  And if there are any of you who have any residual doubts about my willingness to debate my ideas, I recommend that you ask the regulars on the FIDO areas DEBATE, CIVLIB, CONTROV, LEGAL_LAW, LAW, POLTITICS, and a few others.  While I haven't posted much in the last couple months there, I copied most everything to those areas and received many responses.  I responded, there, even to flamers if the "tone" of the "echo" (FIDO's term for what Internet people generally call a "list") allowed it.
I suggest that we regularly warn subsequent "newbies" about Alan Olsen and his misguided set of "ethics."
That's illogical.  What you really meant is that you don't want to hear the truth.  What you REALLY would like to do is to control EVERYBODY ELSE'S killfiles, so as to silence me.
You're going to take your bat and ball and "go thwait home!"  You hear your mommy calling, Alan.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-05 11:23:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Our "New Order" 
Let me see if I understand  this concept correctly.  The remote site would
pre-encrypt the transmitted data, so that when received it could be
decrypted by the requestor according to his (or a temporarily chosen, to
avoid disclosing the actual recipient.) public key, so as to disguise both
the material and perhaps also the actual requestor?
Excellent idea!

@_date: 1996-02-05 21:17:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [noise] Re: Charter of PDX Cpunk meetings 
Odd that you would say this, even more odd that you would post it to the Cypherpunks list.  The only reason I am posting this is that you appear to be taking a remarkably similar position to Alan Olsen.
later did.
Then why didn't you send me the email directly, and NOT copy the list.  Somehow, it appears you have a double standard.  The only reason I'm responding to you now, ON CYPHERPUNKS, is that you appear to be hypocritically asking me to "keep it off the list" at the same time to failed to do the same yourself.  Sounds like a double-standard.  Your behavior is remarkably remeniscent of Alan Olsen himself.
It's been pointed out to me that because Alan flamed me in public, anonymously, on Cypherpunks, I am entitled to have it known what he did.
I think you're deliberately pretending to misunderstand.  I have nothing against anonymity.  While a "newbie," I was under the impression that the term "stable nym" (my usage) refers to an anonymous alias that is untraceable.  In fact, it was _I_ who suggested that this anonymous flamer (now apparently self-admittedly identified as Alan Olsen himself) adopt a stable nym and debate me on some other area more appropriate for the subject.  While I do feel there is CP relevance to the digital cash/good encryption/network applications of "Assassination Politics," I didn't want to force this on what I would like to think of as a "not particularly political" list.
(Recent topics have battered the distinction, I realize.  I don't want to make it "worse," however.)
The point is, some people seem to agree that what this anonymous flamer did was against "nettiquette," or at least against CP typical behavior.  Had he made his criticisms with a stable nym and been willing to sustain a serious debate (possibly on another area) that would have signalled that he was believeable and serious.  He was not, however.
"..other nutty political theories"?  Harummmph!  Well, I guess you got your "not so subtle" dig in, there.  I'd like to see a bit more widespread approval of such a discussion before actively starting it, anyway, especially by some of the "old-timers" here.  (Sadly, as I newbie, I don't really even know who the "old timers" are!)  But recently, there's been too much traffic anyway!
Not necessarily.  As I pointed out before, I'm happy to debate a stable nym (a term I learned only a few weeks ago, BTW).  But completely anonymous flames from a person who cuts and runs does not improve the S/N ratio of this or any other list.
I didn't want anybody to even be able to use the excuse of "I feared for my life debating with that vile purveyor of that wacky idea, 'Assassination Politics.'  "    I invited him to use a stable nym.
You may be surprised that I absolutely agree.  However, the post was not merely "anonymous" but flaming, and the poster didn't stick around.  In other words, its anonymity didn't do it in, the motivation of the poster did, however.
But on the other hand, a flaming "debate" on CP doesn't help any of YOU guys, the other readers of CP.  No, I merely translated "Olsen-speak" into language most of the rest of us could understand.  He had that right.  On the other hand, the exercise of this right displays Olsen's behavior for all to see.  I wanted there to be no doubt on the national list what Alan Olsen was doing.
in I am, too.
As long as the record reflects his misbehavior, I am satisfied as well.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-06 00:17:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: verification of randomness 
Excellent!  Sounds like a worthwhile project.  If you have an email mailing list, put me on it please.

@_date: 1996-02-06 08:08:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Arthur C. Clarke Supports Strong Crypto 
Actually, it was _I_ who mentioned this quote, but didn't specifically recall whom to ascribe it to.  Perhaps Tim May didn't see it; a week or so ago May engaged in a shotgun-type killfile addition, including me when I was merely ( I still believe...) the victim in a local flamewar.  If there is somebody out there who:
1.  Is on speaking terms with Tim May.
2.  Has a little respect for my commentary, I would very much appreciate it if you would forward this comment to him to ensure that he sees it. The truly ironic thing is that Tim wrongly ascribes the comment to Alan Olsen, who is apparently the (recently admitted) perpetrator of at least one
flamewar against me.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-06 20:37:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Jim Bell - Murderous Terrorist 
[while I am replying to this anonymous, flaming message from what MAY be a stable nym, I specifically request a consensus opinion on whether I should continue to comment in this way.  Some people say that a discussion of my "Assassination Politics" idea (containing, as it does, issues of good encryption and digital cash implemented with good encryption and blinding) is "on-topic" here, but on the other hand it does seem to bring out the flamers among us.  I would be happy to go either way:  To continue to respond to what is obviously a strenuous debate, or to ignore the issue here, in this area, and to direct the debate to another.]
know that
overall nice
to your
on your
No, I haven't.  The term "squad" implies more than one person.  In practice, I think those people who are motivated to collect the anonymous awards will be individually self-selected people, and will not come in the form of "squads."  If anything, the use of a "squad" defeats the entire purpose of the anonymity provided by my idea: Quite literally, nobody in the world except the killer himself needs to know who he is.
   Aside from the fact that the difference between "terrorists" and "freedom fighters" is primarily a matter of point of view, in effect you are merely objecting to people being able to defend themselves anonymously, by proxy as it were.
As my essay makes clear, the whole purpose of the system is to KEEP most people from being "conspirators of murder" by the legal definition.  You may disapprove of people being able to defend themselves from government abuse, but I actually encourage it. efforts to
As you know well, my current opinion is that the theory is tantamount to being inevitable.  If anybody is worked up into a "frenzy," it'll be because they are afraid I might actually be correct.  Anyone who is really convinced
I am wrong will be quite calm, because they "know" nothing will come of my idea.
For the record, I was a minarchist libertarian for about 19 years, until
about a year ago when I realized that pure anarchy (with protection for
rights) could actually be made stable.  I have as little sympathy for the
"extreme right wing" as I do the "extreme left wing." And as I'm happy to point out, I upset both of their "apple carts" just as
effectively, so both categories have "good" reason to hate me.
This is an extremely odd assertion.  While I have certainly heard of Linda Thompson (the highly controversial Indiana lawyer) I don't recall having written much about her, and certainly not on the Internet and certainly not within the last year or so.  I don't think I've ever "defended" her, although I have occasionally criticized a few of her critics as buffoons.  Because they WERE buffoons!  (This does not automatically make Linda Thompson look any better, however.
In fact, the only communication I've ever seen from her on the subject of "Assassination Politics" was actually critical.  I responded, correcting some false conclusions of hers, and I never heard anything more from her.
Even so, I challenge this guy to show (or even describe the "where and when" of these "suck up posts."  This is rich!  I've proposed a system which may spell inevitable doom for the Feds no matter what they do, no matter what they try, and this guy tries to claim that I'm an "agent provocateur" for them!  In past  posts I've mentioned that I carefully considered the question of whether or not my posting would help or hinder the adoption of the "Assassination Politics" idea, and I came to the conclusion that the worst situation would be if the government could keep its ultimate weaknesses disguised for a few more years.  That's why I published when I did.
The first person to think of an "Assassination Politics" idea was probably
some well-paid apparatchik in the NSA, who (quite opposite of my position)
was terrified that it might come true.
Some anti-gunners argue that the public shouldn't be allowed to own guns because they might do something wrong with them.  They are fools.  If anti-crypto people take the same position with respect to crypto, they are even WORSE fools.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
"Something is going to happen.   Something...   Wonderful!"

@_date: 1996-02-07 05:21:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [noise] Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
Another question is this:  Would the point-to-point (USA to USA) transmission of PGP by radio (say, a satellite telephone bounce) that is "inadvertently" intercepted external to the US qualify as a violation of ITAR?  It would be hard for the NSA to criticize this, as this is their main operations area.  Besides, if anybody was prosecuted, they'd presumably be able to subpoena the NSA about their monitoring operations, to determine if the NSA was violating any OTHER country's anti-export laws, etc.

@_date: 1996-02-07 15:08:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why am I wrong? 
[stuff deleted]
[more stuff deleted]
  Well, I suppose that if there is anyone who is most opposed to the
opinion you expressed in the paragraph above, it is myself.
I believe:
1.  Governments will no longer be "necessary," if they ever were.
2.  Protection will no longer depend on having a "government."
3.  Anonymous networking technology will protect our rights, to the extent
they can be protected.
4.  Your statement, "...anarchy is a massive step backward..." is absolutely
Note for the others:  I am forwarding this person a copy of my essay.

@_date: 1996-02-08 08:00:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anti-US-censorship ammunition 
BTW, whatever you do, don't use the "Anarchist's Cookbook" as some sort of
reference for explosives.  The boneheads who wrote that section of AC didn't
even seem to know about the Munroe Effect, the original basis for the
concept more commonly known as "shaped charges."
It goes downhill from there.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-08 08:39:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I wrong? 
Well, here's  my "Assassination Politics" essay.
[Part 1]
I've been following the concepts of digital cash and encryption, since
I read the article in the August 1992 issue of Scientific American on
"encrypted signatures."  While I've only followed the Digitaliberty area
for a few weeks, I can already see a number of points that do (and
should!) strongly concern the average savvy individual:
1.  How can we translate the freedom afforded by the Internet to
ordinary life?
2.  How can we keep the government from banning encryption, digital
cash, and other systems that will improve our freedom?
A few months ago, I had a truly and quite literally "revolutionary"
idea, and I jokingly called it "Assassination Politics": I speculated on
the question of whether an organization could be set up to _legally_
announce either that it would be awarding a cash prize to somebody who
correctly "predicted" the death of one of a list of violators of
rights, usually either government employees, officeholders, or
appointees.  It could ask for anonymous contributions from the public,
and individuals would be able send those contributions using digital
I also speculated that using modern methods of public-key encryption and
anonymous "digital cash," it would be possible to make such awards in
such a way so that nobody knows who is getting awarded the money, only
that the award is being given.   Even the organization itself would have
no information that could help the authorities find the person
responsible for the prediction, let alone the one who caused the death.
It was not my intention to provide such a "tough nut to crack" by
arguing the general case, claiming that a person who hires a hitman is
not guilty of murder under libertarian principles.  Obviously, the
problem with the general case is that the victim may be totally innocent
under libertarian principles, which would make the killing a crime,
leading to the question of whether the person offering the money was
himself guilty.
On the contrary; my speculation assumed that the "victim" is a
government employee, presumably one who is not merely taking a paycheck
of stolen tax dollars, but also is guilty of extra violations of rights
beyond this. (Government agents responsible for the Ruby Ridge incident
and Waco come to mind.)  In receiving such money and in his various
acts, he violates the "Non-aggression Principle" (NAP) and thus,
presumably, any acts against him are not the initiation of force under
libertarian principles.
The organization set up to manage such a system could, presumably, make
up a list of people who had seriously violated the NAP, but who would
not see justice in our courts due to the fact that their actions were
done at the behest of the government.  Associated with each name would
be a dollar figure, the total amount of money the organization has
received as a contribution, which is the amount they would give for
correctly "predicting" the person's death, presumably naming the exact
date.  "Guessers" would formulate their "guess" into a file, encrypt it
with the organization's public key, then transmit it to the organization,
possibly using methods as untraceable as putting a floppy disk in an
envelope and tossing it into a mailbox, but more likely either a cascade
of encrypted anonymous remailers, or possibly public-access Internet
locations, such as terminals at a local library, etc.
In order to prevent such a system from becoming simply a random unpaid
lottery, in which people can randomly guess a name and date (hoping that
lightning would strike, as it occasionally does), it would be necessary
to deter such random guessing by requiring the "guessers" to include
with their "guess" encrypted and untraceable "digital cash," in an
amount sufficiently high to make random guessing impractical.
For example, if the target was, say, 50 years old and had a life
expectancy of 30 years, or about 10,000 days, the amount of money
required to register a guess must be at least 1/10,000th of the amount
of the award.  In practice, the amount required should be far higher,
perhaps as much as 1/1000 of the amount, since you can assume that
anybody making a guess would feel sufficiently confident of that guess
to risk 1/1000th of his potential reward.
The digital cash would be placed inside the outer "encryption envelope,"
and could be decrypted using the organization's public key.  The
prediction itself (including name and date) would be itself in another
encryption envelope inside the first one, but it would be encrypted
using a key that is only known to the predictor himself.  In this way,
the organization could decrypt the outer envelope and find the digital
cash, but they would have no idea what is being predicted in the
innermost envelope, either the name or the date.
If, later, the "prediction" came true, the predictor would presumably
send yet another encrypted "envelope" to the organization, containing
the decryption key for the previous "prediction" envelope, plus a public
key (despite its name, to be used only once!) to be used for encryption
of digital cash used as payment for the award. The organization would
apply the decryption key to the prediction envelope, discover that it
works, then notice that the prediction included was fulfilled on the
date stated.   The predictor would be, therefore, entitled to the award.
Nevertheless, even then nobody would actually know WHO he is!
It doesn't even know if the predictor had anything to do with the
outcome of the prediction.  If it received these files in the mail, in
physical envelopes which had no return address, it would have burned the
envelopes before it studied their contents.  The result is that even the
active cooperation of the organization could not possibly help anyone,
including the police, to locate the predictor.)
Also included within this "prediction-fulfilled" encryption envelope
would be unsigned (not-yet-valid) "digital cash," which would then be
blindly signed by the organization's bank and subsequently encrypted
using the public key included. (The public key could also be publicized,
to allow members of the public to securely send their comments and,
possibly, further grateful remuneration to the predictor, securely.)
The resulting encrypted file could be published openly on the Internet,
and it could then be decrypted by only one entity:  The person who had
made that original, accurate prediction.  The result is that the
recipient would be absolutely untraceable.
The digital cash is then processed by the recipient by "unblinding" it,
a principle which is explained in far greater detail by an article in
the August 1992 issue of Scientific American.  The resulting digital
cash is absolutely untraceable to its source.
This overall system achieves a number of goals.  First, it totally hides
the identity of the predictor to the organization, which makes it
unnecessary for any potential predictor to "trust" them to not reveal
his name or location.  Secondly, it allows the predictor to make his
prediction without revealing the actual contents of that prediction
until later, when he chooses to, assuring him that his "target" cannot
possibly get early warning of his intent.   (and "failed" predictions
need never be revealed).  In fact, he needs never reveal his prediction
unless he wants the award. Third, it allows the predictor to anonymously
grant his award to anyone else he chooses, since he may give this
digital cash to anyone without fear that it will be traced.
For the organization, this system also provides a number of advantages.
By hiding the identity of the predictor from even it, the organization
cannot be forced to reveal it, in either civil or criminal court.  This
should also shield the organization from liability, since it will not
know the contents of any "prediction" until after it came true.  (Even
so, the organization would be deliberately kept "poor" so that it would
be judgment-proof.)  Since presumably most of the laws the organization
might be accused of violating would require that the violator have
specific or prior knowledge, keeping itself ignorant of as many facts as
possible, for as long as possible, would presumably make it very
difficult to prosecute.
[end part 1]
[part 2]
"At the Village Pizza shop, as they were sitting down to consume a
pepperoni, Dorothy asked Jim, 'So what other inventions are you working
on?"  Jim replied, 'I've got a new idea, but it's really revolutionary.
Literally REVOLUTIONARY.'   'Okay, Jim, which government are you
planning to overthrow?,' she asked, playing along.
'All of them,' answered Jim."
Political Implications
Imagine for a moment that as ordinary citizens were watching the
evening news, they see an act by a government employee or  officeholder
that they feel violates their rights, abuses the public's trust, or
misuses the powers that they feel should be limited.  A person whose
actions are so abusive or improper that the citizenry shouldn't have to
tolerate it.
What if they could go to their computers, type in the miscreant's name,
and select a dollar amount:  The amount they, themselves, would be
willing to pay to anyone who "predicts" that officeholder's death.  That
donation would be sent, encrypted and anonymously, to a central
registry organization, and be totaled, with the total amount available
within seconds to  any interested individual.  If only 0.1% of the
population, or one person in a thousand, was willing to pay $1 to see
some government slimeball dead, that would be, in effect, a $250,000
bounty on his head.
Further, imagine that anyone considering collecting that bounty could do
so with the mathematical certainty that he can't possibly be identified,
and could collect the reward without meeting, or even talking to,
anybody who could later identify him.  Perfect anonymity, perfect
secrecy, and perfect security.  And that, combined with the ease and
security with which these contributions could be collected, would make
being an abusive government employee an extremely risky proposition.
Chances are good that nobody above the level of county commissioner
would even risk staying in office.
Just how would this change politics in America?  It would take far less
time to answer, "What would remain the same?"  No longer would we be
electing people who will turn around and  tax us to death, regulate us
to  death, or for that matter sent hired thugs to kill us when we oppose
their wishes.
No military?
One of the attractive potential implications of such a system would be
that we might not even need a military to protect the country.  Any
threatening or abusive foreign leader would be subject to the same
contribution/assassination/reward system, and it would operate just as
effectively over borders as it does domestically.
This country has learned, in numerous examples subsequent to many wars,
that once the political disputes between leaders has ceased, we
(ordinary citizens) are able to get along pretty well with the citizens
of other countries.  Classic examples are post-WWII Germany, Japan, and
Italy, and post-Soviet Russia, the Eastern bloc, Albania, and many
Contrary examples are those in which the political dispute remains, such
as North Korea, Vietnam, Iraq, Cuba, Red China, and a few others.  In
all of these examples, the opposing leadership was NOT defeated, either
in war or in an internal power struggle. Clearly, it is not the PEOPLE
who maintain the dispute, but the leadership.
Consider how history might have changed if we'd been able to "bump off"
Lenin, Stalin, Hitler, Mussolini, Tojo,  Kim Il Sung, Ho Chi Minh,
Ayatollah Khomeini, Saddam Hussein, Moammar Khadafi, and various others,
along with all of their replacements if necessary, all for a measly few
million dollars, rather than the billions of dollars and millions of
lives that subsequent wars cost.
But that raises an interesting question, with an even more interesting
answer.  "If all this is so easy, why hasn't this been done before?"   I
mean, wars are destructive, costly, and dangerous, so why hasn't some
smart politician figured out that instead of fighting the entire
country, we could just 'zero' the few bad guys on the top?
The answer is quite revealing, and strikingly "logical":  If we can kill
THEIR leaders, they can kill OUR leaders too.   That would avoid the
war, but the leadership on both sides would be dead, and guess who is
making the decisions about what to do?  That's right, the LEADERS!
And the leaders (both theirs and ours!) would rather see 30,000,000
ordinary people die in WWII than lose their own lives, if they can get
away with it.   Same in Korea, Vietnam, Gulf War, and numerous other
disputes around the globe.  You can see that as long as we continue to
allow leaders, both "ours" and "theirs," to decide who should die, they
will ALWAYS choose the ordinary people of each country.
One reason the leaders have been able to avoid this solution is simple:
While it's comparatively easy to "get away with murder," it's a lot
harder to reward the person who does it, and that person is definitely
taking a serious risk.   (Most murders are solved based on some prior
relationship between the murder and victim, or observations of witnesses
who know either the murderer or the victim.)
Historically, it has been essentially impossible to adequately motivate
a assassin, ensuring his safety and anonymity  as well, if only because
it has been impossible to PAY him in a form that nobody can trace, and
to ensure the silence of all potential witnesses. Even if a person was
willing to die in the act, he would want to know that the people he
chooses would get the  reward, but if they themselves were identified
they'd be targets of revenge.
All that's changed with the advent of public-key encryption and digital
cash.  Now, it should be possible to announce a standing offer to all
comers that a large sum of digital cash will be sent to him in an
untraceable fashion should he meet certain "conditions," conditions
which don't even have to include proving (or, for that matter, even
claiming) that he was somehow responsible for a death.
I believe that such a system has tremendous implications for the future
of freedom.  Libertarians in particular (and I'm a libertarian) should
pay particular attention to the fact that this system "encourages" if
not an anarchist outcome, at least a minarchist (minimal government)
system, because no large governmental structure could even survive in
its current form.
In fact, I would argue that this system would solve a potential
problem, occasionally postulated, with the adoption of libertarianism in
one country, surrounded by non-libertarian states.  It could have
reasonably been suspected that in a gradual shift to a libertarian
political and economic system, remnants of a non-libertarian system such
as a military would have to survive, to protect society against the
threats represented by foreign states.  While certainly plausible, it
would have been hard for an average naive person to imagine how the
country would maintain a $250 billion military budget, based on
voluntary contributions.
The easy answer, of course, is that military budgets of that size would
simply not happen in a libertarian society.  More problematic is the
question of how a country would defend itself, if it had to raise it
defenses by voluntary contribution.   An equally simplistic answer is
that this country could probably be defended just fine on a budget 1/2
to 1/3 of the current budget.  True, but that misses the point.
The real answer is even simpler.  Large armies are only necessary to
fight the other large armies organized by the leadership of other,
non-libertarian states, presumably against the will of their citizenry.
Once the problem posed by _their_ leadership is solved (as well as ours;
either by their own citizenry by similar anonymous contributions, or by
ours), there will be no large armies to oppose.
[end of part 2]
[part 3]
In the 1960's movie, "The Thomas Crown Affair," actor Steve McQueen
plays a bored multi-millionaire who fights tedium by arranging
well-planned high-yield bank robberies.  He hires each of the robbers
separately and anonymously, so that they can neither identify him or
each other. They arrive at the bank on schedule, separately but
simultaneously, complete the robbery, then separate forever.  He pays
each robber out of his own funds, so that the money cannot be traced,
and he keeps the proceeds of each robbery.
In my recent essay generally titled "Digitaliberty," or earlier
"Assassination politics," I hypothesized that it should be possible to
LEGALLY set up an organization which collects perfectly anonymous
donations sent by members of the public, donations which instruct the
organization to pay the amount to any person who correctly guesses the
date of death of some named person, for example some un-favorite
government employee or officeholder.  The organization would totalize
the amounts of the donations for each different named person, and
publish that list (presumably on the Internet) on a daily or perhaps
even an hourly basis, telling the public exactly how much a person would
get for "predicting" the death of that particular target.
Moreover, that organization would accept perfectly anonymous,
untraceable, encrypted "predictions" by various means, such as the
Internet (probably through chains of encrypted anonymous remailers), US
mail, courier, or any number of other means.  Those predictions would
contain two parts:  A small amount of untraceable "digital cash," inside
the outer "digital envelope," to ensure that the "predictor" can't
economically just randomly choose dates and names, and an inner
encrypted data packet which is encrypted so that even the organization
itself cannot decrypt it.  That data packet would contain the name of
the person whose death is predicted, and the date it is to happen.
This encrypted packet could also be published, still encrypted, on the
Internet, so as to be able to prove to the world, later, that SOMEBODY
made that prediction before it happened, and was willing to "put money
on it" by including it in outside the inner encrypted "envelope."   The
"predictor" would always lose the outer digital cash; he would only earn
the reward if his (still-secret) prediction later became true.  If,
later on, that prediction came true, the "lucky" predictor would
transmit the decrypt key to the organization, untraceably, which would
apply it to the encrypted packet, and discover that it works, and read
the prediction made hours, days, weeks, or even months earlier.   Only
then would the organization, or for that matter anyone else except the
predictor, know the person or the date named.
Also included in that inner encrypted digital "envelope" would be a
public-key, generated by the predictor for only this particular purpose:
It would not be his "normal" public key, obviously, because _that_
public key would be identifiable to him.  Also present in this packet
would be "blinded" (not yet certified as being good) "digital cash"
codes, codes that would be presented to a certifying bank for their
digital "stamp of approval," making them worth the dollars that the
predictor has earned. (This presentation could be done indirectly, by an
intermediary, to prevent a bank from being able to refuse to deal with
the organization.)
Those "digital cash" codes will then be encrypted using the public key
included with the original prediction, and published in a number of
locations, perhaps on the Internet in a number of areas, and available
by FTP to anyone who's interested.  (It is assumed that this data will
somehow get to the original predictor.  Since it will get to "everyone"
on the Internet, it will presumably be impossible to know where the
predictor is.)  Note, however, that only the person who sent the
prediction (or somebody he's given the secret key to in the interim) can
decrypt that message, and in any case only he, the person who prepared
the digital cash blanks, can fully "unblind" the digital cash to make it
spendable, yet absolutely untraceable.   (For a much more complete
explanation of how so-called "digital cash" works, I refer you to the
August 1992 issue of Scientific American.)
This process sounds intricate, but it (and even some more detail I
haven't described above) is all necessary to:
1.  Keep the donors, as well as the predictors, absolutely anonymous,
not only to the public and each other, but also to the organization
itself, either before or after the prediction comes true.
2.  Ensure that neither the organization, nor the donors, nor the
public, is aware of the contents of the "prediction" unless and until
it later becomes true.  (This ensures that none of the other
participants can be "guilty" of knowing this, before it happens.)
3.  Prove to the donors (including potential future predictors), the
organization, and the public that indeed, somebody predicted a
particular death on a particular date, before it actually happened.
4.  Prove to the donors and the public (including potential future
predictors) that the amount of money promised was actually paid to
whomever made the prediction that later came true.   This is important,
obviously, because you don't want any potential predictor to doubt
whether he'll get the money if he makes a successful prediction, and you
don't want any potential donor to doubt that his money is actually going
to go to a successful predictor.
5.  Prevent the organization and the donors and the public from knowing,
for sure, whether the predictor actually had anything to do with the
death predicted.  This is true even if (hypothetically) somebody is
later caught and convicted of a murder, which was the subject of a
successful "prediction":  Even after identifying the murderer through
other means, it will be impossible for anyone to know if the murderer
and the predictor were the same person.
6.   Allow the predictor, if he so chooses, to "gift" the reward
(possibly quite anonymously) to any other person, one perhaps totally
unaware of the source of the money, without anyone else knowing of this.
Even the named "target" (the "victim") is also assured of something: He
is assured that literally anyone in the world, from his worst enemy to
his best friend, could make the amount of the reward, absolutely
anonymously, should they "predict" his death correctly.  At that point,
he will have no friends.
This may represent the ultimate in compartmentalization of information:
Nobody knows more than he needs to, to play his part in the whole
arrangement.  Nobody can turn anyone else in, or make a mistake that
identifies the other participants.  Yet everyone can verify that the
"game" is played "fairly":  The predictor gets his money, as the donors
desire.  Potential future predictors are satisfied (in a mathematically
provable fashion) that all previous successful predictors were paid
their full rewards, in a manner that can't possibly be traced.  The
members of the public are assured that, if they choose to make a
donation, it will be used as promised.
This leads me to a bold assertion:  I claim that, aside from the
practical difficulty  and perhaps, theoretical impossibility of
identifying either the donors or the predictor, it is very likely that
none of the participants, with the (understandable) hypothetical
exception of a "predictor" who happens to know that he is also a
murderer, could actually be considered "guilty" of any violation of
black-letter law. Furthermore, none of the participants including the
central organization is aware, either before or after the "prediction"
comes true, that any other participant was actually in violation of any
law, or for that matter would even know (except by watching the news)
that any crime had actually been committed.
After all, the donors are merely offering gifts to a person who makes a
successful prediction, not for any presumed responsibility in a killing,
and the payment would occur even if no crime occurred. The organization
is merely coordinating it all, but again isolating itself so that it
cannot know from whom the money comes, or to whom the money eventually
is given, or whether a crime was even committed. (Hypothetically, the
"predictor" could actually be the "victim," who decides to kill himself
and "predict" this, giving the proceeds of the reward to his chosen
beneficiary, perhaps a relative or friend.  Ironically, this might be
the best revenge he can muster, "cheating the hangman," as it were.)
In fact, the organization could further shield itself by adopting a
stated policy that no convicted (or, for that matter, even SUSPECTED)
killers could receive the payment of a reward.  However, since the
recipient of the reward is by definition unidentified and untraceable
even in theory, this would be a rather hollow assurance since it has no
way to prevent such a payment from being made to someone responsible.
[end of part 3]
[part 4]
In part 3, I claimed that an organization could quite legally operate,
assisted by encryption, international data networking, and untraceable
digital cash, in a way that would (indirectly) hasten the death of named
people, for instance hated government employees and officeholders.  I
won't attempt to "prove" this, for reasons that I think will be obvious.
First, even if such operation were indeed "legal," that fact alone would
not stop its opponents from wanting to shut it down.  However, there is
also another way of looking at it:  If this system works as I expect it
would, even its claimed "illegality" would be irrelevant, because it
could operate over international borders and beyond the legal reach of
any law-abiding government.
Perhaps the most telling fact, however, is that if this system was as
effective as it appears it would be, no prosecutor would dare file
charges against any participant, and no judge would hear the case,
because no matter how long the existing list of "targets," there would
always be room for one or two more.  Any potential user of this system
would recognize that an assault on this system represents a threat to
its future availability, and would act accordingly by donating money to
target anyone trying to shut it down.
Even so, I think I should address two charges which have been made,
apparently quite simplistically, claiming that an implementation of this
idea would violate the law.  Specifically:  "Conspiracy to commit
murder" and "misprision of felony."
As I understand it, in order to have a "conspiracy" from a criminal
standpoint, it is necessary to have at least two people agree to commit
a crime, and have some overt act in furtherance of that crime.
  Well, this charge already "strikes  out" because in the plan I
described, none of the participants _agrees_ with ANYONE to commit a
crime.  None of the participants even informs anyone else that he will
be committing a crime, whether before or after the fact.  In fact, the
only crime appears (hypothetically; this assumes that a crime was
actually committed) to be a murder committed by a single individual, a
crime unknown to the other participants, with his identity similarly
Remember, the "prediction" originally sent in by the predictor was fully
encrypted, so that the organization (or anyone else, for that matter)
would be unable to figure out the identity of the person whose death was
predicted, or the date on which it was predicted to occur.  Thus, the
organization is incapable of "agreeing" with such a thing, and likewise
the donors as well.  Only if the prediction later came true would the
decrypt key arrive, and only then would the organization (and the
public) be made aware of the contents. Even then, it's only a
"prediction," so even then, nobody is actually aware of any crime which
can be associated with the predictor.
"Misprision of Felony"
This crime, sort of a diluted form of "accessory before and/or after the
fact," was claimed to qualify by "Tim of Angle," who subsequent to my
answer to him on this subject has totally failed to support his initial
claim.   (a recent curiosity is that this crime is one that has been
charged against Michael Fortier, the person who claims he helped OKC
bombing suspect Tim McVeigh "case the joint" at the Federal building.)
I include it here, nevertheless, because his simplistic (and un-careful)
reading of my idea led him to perhaps the "closest" law that one might
allege that the participants would have broken. Tim claimed:
TOA> No. That's called "misprision of felony" and makes you an accessory
TOA> before the fact. Arguably, under the felony murder rule you could get
TOA> capital punishment in a state that has such.
However, I did a little library research, checking Black's Law
Dictionary.  Here is the entry for this item: "Misprision of felony. The
offense of concealing a felony committed by another, but without such
previous concert with or subsequent assistance to the felon as would
make the party concealing an accessory before or after the fact. United
State s v. Perlstein, C.C.A.N.J., 126 F.2d 789, 798. Elements of the
crime are that the principal committed and completed the felony alleged,
that the defendant had full knowledge of that fact, that the defendant
failed to notify the authorities, and that defendant took an affirmative
step to conceal the crime.  U.S. v. Ciambrone, C.A. Nev., 750 F.2d 1416,
1417.  Whoever, having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony
cognizable by a court of the United States, conceals and does not as
soon as possible make known the same to some judge or other person in
civil or military authority under the United States, is guilty of the
federal crime of misprision of felony. 18 U.S.C.A 4." See also
Obstructing Justice. ++++++++++end of Black's law Dictionary Entry
The only "element" of this crime which is arguably satisfied is the
first: Some person (_other_than_ the defendant for "misprision of
felony") committed a crime.  The second element fails miserably: "...
that the defendant had full knowledge of that fact... " My previous
commentary makes it clear that far from "full knowledge of that fact,"
other participants are carefully prevented from having ANY "knowledge of
that fact."
The third element, "..that the defendant failed to notify the
authorities..." is also essentially non-existent: No other participants
have any information as to the identity of a predictor, or his location,
or for that matter whether he has had any involvement in any sort
crime.  In fact, it would be possible for each of the other partiipants to
deliver (anonymously, presumably) copies of all correspondence
they have sent, to the police or other agency, and that correspondence
would not help the authorities even slightly to identify a criminal or
even necessarily a crime.
In fact, normal operation of this organization would be to publicize
"all" correspondence it receives, in order to provide feedback to the
public to assure them that all participants are fulfilling their
promises and receiving their rewards. This publication would presumably
find its way to the police, or it could even be mailed to them on a
regular basis to prevent any suggestion that the organization was
"fail[ing] to notify authorities." Nevertheless, none of this material
could help any authorities with their investigations, to their dismay.
The fourth and last element of the crime of "misprision of felony",
"...and that defendant took an affirmative step to conceal the crime,"
would totally fail.  The organization would not " conceal" the crime. In
fact, it will have no ability to do anything to the contrary, if for no
other reason that it _has_ no knowledge of the crime!  And as described
above, it would carefully avoid having access to any information that
could help solve the crime, and thus it would escape any obligations
along these lines.
In hindsight, it is not surprising that such an organization could
operate legally within the US, although at least initially not without
political opposition.  First, this is at least nominally supposed to be
a "free country," which should mean that police and other authorities
aren't able to punish behavior just because they don't like it.
Secondly, it is obvious that most laws today were originally written
during an era in which laws assumed that "conspirators" at least knew
each other, had met each other, could identify each other, or had (at
least!) talked to each other. On the contrary, in my scenario none of
the participants even know on what continent any of the others reside,
let alone their country, city, or street.  They don't know what they
look like, sound like, or for that matter even "type like":  None of
their prose, save a few sparse "predictions," ever get communicated to
anyone else, so even text-comparison programs would fail to "target"
Equally surprising (to those who originally wrote the laws against
"conspiracy") would be "Person A's" ability to satisfy himself that
"Person B" deserves the award, without knowing that "Person B" is (or is
not) actually responsible for a particular death.
[end of part 4]
[part 5]
In the previous four notes on the subject of Digitaliberty, I've
suggested that this concept (collecting anonymous donations to, in
effect, "purchase" the death of an un-favorite government employee)
would force a dramatic reduction of the size of government at all
levels, as well as achieving what will probably be a "minarchist"
(minimal government) state at a very rapid rate. Furthermore, I pointed
out that I thought that this effect would not merely affect a single
country or continent, but might in fact spread through all countries
essentially simultaneously.
But in addition to such (apparently) grandiose claims, it occurs to me
that there must be other changes to society that would simultaneously
occur with the adoption of such a system.  After all, a simplistic view
of my idea might lead one to the conclusion that there would be almost
no governmental structure left after society had been transformed.
Since our current "criminal justice system" today is based totally on
the concept of "big government," this would lead a naive person to
wonder how concepts such as "justice," "fairness," "order," and for that
matter protection of individual rights can be accomplished in such a
Indeed, one common theme I've seen in criticisms of my idea is the fear
that this system would lead to "anarchy."  The funny thing about this
objection is that, technically, this could easily be true.  But
"anarchy" in real life may not resemble anything like the "anarchy"
these people claim to fear, which leads me to respond with a quote whose
origin I don't quite remember:
"Anarchy is not lack of order.  Anarchy is lack of ORDERS."
People presumably will continue to live their lives in a calm, ordered
manner.  Or, at least as calm and ordered as they WANT to.  It won't be
"wild in the streets," and they won't bring cannibalism back as a
national sport, or anything like that.
It occurs to me that probably one of the best ways to demonstrate that
my idea, "assassination politics" (perhaps inaptly named, in view of the
fact that its application is far greater than mere politics), would not
result in "lack of order" is to show that most if not all of the
DESIRABLE functions of the current so-called "criminal justice system"
will be performed after its adoption.  This is true even if they will be
accomplished through wholly different methods and, conceivably, in
entirely different ways than the current system does.
I should probably first point out that it is not my intention to
re-write the book of minarchist theory.  I would imagine that over the
years, there has been much written about how individuals and societies
would function absent a strong central government, and much of that
writing is probably far more detailed and well-thought-out  than
anything I'll describe here.
One reason that ALMOST ANY "criminal justice system" would be better and
more effective than the one we currently possess is that, contrary to
the image that officialdom would try to push, anyone whose job depends
on "crime" has a strong vested interest in _maintaining_ a high level of
crime, not eliminating it.  After all, a terrorized society is one that
is willing to hire many cops and jailers and judges and lawyers, and to
pay them high salaries.  A safe, secure society is not willing to put up
with that.  The "ideal" situation, from the limited and self-interested
standpoint of the police and jailers, is one that maximizes the number
of people in prison, yet leaves most of the really dangerous criminals
out in the streets, in order to maintain justification for the system.
That seems to be exactly the situation we have today, which is not
surprising when you consider that the police have had an unusually high
level of input into the "system" for many decades.
The first effect of my idea would be, I think, to generally eliminate
prohibitions against acts which have no victims, or "victimless crimes."
Classic examples are laws against drug sales and use, gambling,
prostitution, pornography, etc.  That's because the average
(unpropagandized) individual will have very little concern or sympathy
for punishing an act which does not have a clear victim.  Without a
large, central government to push the propaganda, the public will view
these acts as certainly not "criminal," even if still generally
undesirable by a substantial minority for a few years. Once you get rid
of such laws, the price of currently-illegal drugs would drop
dramatically, probably by a factor of 100.  Crime caused by the need to
get money to pay for these drugs would drop drastically, even if you
assume that drug usage increased due to the lowering of the price.
Despite this massive reduction in crime, perhaps as much as 90%, the
average person is still going to want to know what "my system" would do
about the residual, "real" crime rate.  You know, murder, rape, robbery,
burglary, and all that.   Well, in the spirit of the idea, a simplistic
interpretation would suggest that an individual could target the
criminal who victimizes him, which would put an end to that criminal
Some might object, pointing out that the criminal is only identified in
a minority of crimes. That objection is technically correct, but it's
also a bit misleading. The truth is that the vast majority of
"victim"-type crime is committed by a relatively tiny fraction of the
population who are repeat criminals.  It isn't necessary to identify
them in a vast majority of their crimes; statistically you'll eventually
find out who they are.
For example, even if the probability of a car thief getting caught, per
theft, is only 5%, there is at least a 40% probability of getting caught
after 10 thefts, and a 65% chance after 20 thefts.  A smart car-theft
victim would be happy to donate money targeting ANY discovered
car-thief, not necessarily just the one who victimized him.
The average car-owner would be wise to offer such donations
occasionally, as "insurance" against the possibility of his being
victimized some day:  An average donation of 1 cent per day per car
would constitute $10,000 per day for a typical city of 1 million cars.
Assuming that amount is far more than enough to get a typical car
thief's "friends" to "off" him, there is simply no way that a
substantial car-theft subculture could possibly be maintained.
Another alternative is that insurance companies would probably get into
the act:  Since they are going to be the financial victims of thefts of
their insured's property, it is reasonable to suppose that they would be
particularly inclined to deter such theft. It is conceivable that
current-day insurance companies would transmogrify themselves into
investigation/deterrence agencies, while maintaining their insurance
role, in view of the fact that they have the most to lose.  This is
particularly true because if "assassination politics" (as applied to
criminals and crime) comes about, they could then actually DO SOMETHING
about the problem, rather than merely reporting on the statistics to
their customers and stockholders.
Such companies would also have a strong motivation to provide a workable
system of rewards for solving crimes and identifying criminals, rewards
that (naturally enough!) can be given out totally anonymously.
While I would like to talk about the other advantage of this new kind of
justice, the fact that politicians and other government employees would
no longer have de-facto immunity in most cases, the reality is that
since we would no longer HAVE "politicians and other government
employees," to mention that advantage would be redundant.
The principle is valid, however: In today's system, you can have people
known to be guilty of crimes, but not prosecuted because they are part
of "the system."  Classic examples would be heroes of the right (Oliver
North) and heroes of the left (Jim Wright) who either escape prosecution
or conviction for "political" or "bureaucratic" reasons.  With
"assassination politics" that would simply never happen.
[end part 5]
Assassination Politics Part 6
A frequent initial belief among people who have recently heard of my
"assassination politics" idea is the fear that this system will somehow
be "out of control":  It would end up causing the death of ordinary,
"undeserving" people.
This system, however, will not be without its own kind of "control."
Not a centralized control, decideable by a single individual, but a
decentralized system in which everyone gets an implicit "vote."   A good
analogy might be to consider a society in which everyone's house
thermostat is controlled to operate at a temperature which is set for
the entire country.  Each person's control input is taken as a "vote,"
whether to get hotter, colder, or to stay the same temperature.  The
central control computer adjusts the national setpoint temperature in
order to equalize the number of people who want the temperature colder
and hotter.  Each house is at the same, nationally-set temperature,
however.  Clearly, no one individual is in control of the setting.
Nevertheless, I think it would be generally agreed that this system
would never produce a REALLY "off the wall" temperature setting, simply
because so many people's inputs are used to determine the output.  Sure,
if a group of 10,000 kids decided (assisted by the Internet) together
to screw with the system, and they all set their houses' thermostat
inputs to "hotter," they could SLIGHTLY increase the overall setting,
but since there are probably about 100 million separate dwellings in the
US, their fiddlings will be drowned out by the vast majority of the
population's desires.  Is this system "out of control"?  True, it is out
of the "control" of any single individual, but nevertheless it is well
within the control of the population as a whole.
It turns out that "assassination politics" actually has a rather similar
control mechanism which, like the one I've described above.  First, I've
pointed out that if I were to operate a centralized system such as this,
I'd only accept donations naming people who are in violation of the
"Non-Initiation Of Force Principle" (NIOFP), well known to libertarians.
By this standard, government employees (who have accepted paychecks paid
for with funds stolen from citizenry by taxes) and criminals whose
crimes actually had a victim would be included.  Let's call this
hypothetical organization "Organization A," or OrgA for short.
True, somebody else might be a little less scrupulous, accepting
donations for the termination of ANYBODY regardless of whether he
"deserves" his fate. (Hypothetically, let's call them, "Organization B,"
or OrgB, for short.) However, I suggest that if it were explained to
most  potential donors (who, I suggest, would have "typical" levels of
scruples)  that if he patronizes OrgB, his interests wouldn't be
protected.  For example,  OrgB (if it survives and thrives) might later
come back to target HIM, because of some other donor.  OrgA would not.
Naturally, our "ethical" donor doesn't want this, so he would choose to
give his donation to the most "ethical" organization who will accept it.
This maximizes the benefit to him, and minimizes the potential harm.
Since BOTH organizations will accept donations for "deserving" victims,
while only OrgB will accept them for "just anybody," it is reasonable to
conclude that (capitalism being what it is) OrgB's rates (the percentage
of the price it keeps as profit) can be and will be higher for  its
donations. (that's because there is less competition in its area of
specialization.)  Thus, it would be more economical to target
"deserving" people through OrgA , and thus donors will be drawn to it.
In addition, OrgA  will become larger, more credible, believeable and
trustworthy, and more potential "guessors" (assassins?) will "work" its
system, and for lower average potential payments.  (all else being
equal.)  Even so, and ironically, the average donation level for people
listed by OrgA would likely be higher, since (if we assume these are
"deserving" people) more people will be contributing towards their
After all, if a potential donor wants to "hit" some government bigwig,
there will be PLENTY of other donors to share the cost with.  Millions
of donations of $1 to $10 each would be common and quite economical.  On
the other hand, if you just selected a target out of the telephone
directory, an "undeserving" target, you'll probably be the only person
wanting to see him dead, which means that you'll probably have to foot
the whole bill of perhaps $5K to $10K if you want to see any "action."
Add to that OrgB 's "cut," which will probably be 50%, and you're
talking $10K to $20K.   I contend that the likelihood of this kind of
thing actually happening will be quite low, for "undeserving victims."
Now, the die-hards among you will probably object to the fact that even
this tiny residual possibility is left.  But consider:  Even _today_ it
would be quite "possible" for you to pick a name randomly out of a list,
find him and kill him yourself.   Does this frequently happen?
Apparently not.  For just one thing, there's no real motive.  Unless you
can show that the application of "assassination politics" would
dramatically increase the likelihood of such incidents, I suggest that
this "problem" will likely not be a problem after all.
For a while, I thought that the "lack of a motive" protection was
momentarily overturned by a hypothetical:  I thought, suppose a person
used this system as part of a sophisticated extortion scheme, in which
he sends an anonymous message to some rich character, saying something
like "pay me a zillion dollars anonymously, or I put out a digital
contract on you."   For a while, this one had me stumped.  Then, I
realized  that an essential element in this whole play was missing:  If
this could be done ONCE, it could be done a dozen times .  And the
victim of such an extortion scheme has no assurance that it won't happen
again, even if he pays off, so ironically he has no motivation to pay
off the extortion.  Think about it:  The only reason to make the payment
is to remove the threat.  If making the payment can't guarantee to the
target that the threat is removed, he has no reason to make the payment.
And if the target has no reason to make the payment, the extortionist
has no reason to make the threat!
Another, related (and equally simplistic) fear is that political
minorities will be preferentially targeted.  For example, when I pointed
out that "establishment" political leaders would probably "go" quite
quickly, one wag suggested to me that "libertarian leaders" could
likewise be targeted.  Such a suggestion reflects a serious
misunderstanding of political philosophy, and libertarians in
particular:  I consider it obvious (to me, at least) that libertarians
NEED no leaders.  (You don't need leaders if you don't want to control
a population, or achieve political power.  The only reason libertarians
"need" leaders today is to take places in the government and (then) to
shut it down.)   And if my idea is implemented, "libertarian leaders"
represent no more of a threat to anyone than the average libertarian
Fully recognizing this, another (and far more credible) person thought a
while, and in a proud revelation suggested that one way that the
establishment would "fight back" is to convert to a government that is
based on fully decentralized authority, as opposed to the leader-centric
system we have today.  Such a system could not be attacked by killing
individual people, any more than you can kill a tree by pulling off a
single leaf.  His "solution" was, in effect, to totally disband the
current government and turn it over to the public at large, where it
would be safe from "attack."  My smile reminded him that he had, in
effect, totally re-invented my original idea:  My goal is a highly
de-centralized system that is not controlled by a tiny fraction of the
population in a structure called a "government," essentially identical
to his idea.  So in effect, the only way the government can survive is
to totally surrender.  And once it surrenders, the people win.  And in
practice, it will have no alternative.
Will this idea be "out of control"?  To a great extent, that depends on
what your definition of the word, "control," is.   I have come to
believe that "assassination politics" is a political Rorshach (ink-blot)
test:  What you think of it is strongly related to your political
[end part 6]

@_date: 1996-02-08 08:44:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Ooops!  Sincerest apologies. 
I just sent out a copy of my essay as a response to an inquiry, and  inadvertently posted it here, too.  My sincerest apologies; I intended to delete the list from the private email.
Much sorry.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-02-08 11:06:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
Thank you for such a well-written defense of my philosophy.
Clearly, the government is now out of effective control of the citizenry; it is hard for me to understand how anybody could fail to see this.  The system I describe, while it may appear to some to be extreme, is a sincere attempt to return control to the populace.
even if
Yes, please.  Frankly, Allen, it's a pleasure to see people really UNDERSTAND what I'm talking about!  You obviously do, better than mos

@_date: 1996-02-08 15:25:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics--isn't it gambling? 
I guess that depends on the laws, doesn't it?    Seriously, though, since all the participants are anonymous, and it can all be done from overseas...
Somehow, though, I think politicians will take little solace from knowing that they are protected from death only by laws against gambling.
I'd sure like to read a serious legal analysis of all this.  Maybe all the lawyers are too terrified to respond.
Presumably, the digital cash could be encrypted with the organization's private key, and published (anonymously) on a USENET area, in a way which is untraceable and unidentifiable.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen.   Something.......Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-02-08 15:41:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Electronic Grille Cipher? 
[comparatively innocent stuff deleted]
Hmmmm...   That's odd.  I spam this stuff on USENET and FIDOnet

@_date: 1996-02-09 03:00:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics--isn't it gambling? 
Don't tell me; let me guess:  You haven't read the essay, and you're not a
lawyer, right?
Don't tell me, let me guess:  You haven't read the essay, and you're not a
lawyer, right?
I've been posting this for months on various areas of FIDOnet, USENET, and
now here.  I have never seen a lawyer seriously attempt to refute my
analysis.  If you really WERE a lawyer, and had read what I wrote, you would
have been able to be FAR more detailed in your reasoning.
1950(1) SF movie called "The Day the Earth Stood Still."  (This was the phrase Klaatu asked the woman to convey to Gort, his faithful (and indestructible and invincible) robot, in order to summon help.)
Anyway, the relevance of all this will become clear, eventually.  The reason?
"Something is going to happen.    Something...  Wonderful!"    (2010)

@_date: 1996-02-09 03:12:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
Apparently, other people are just as unhappy with your attempts to act as "moderator" of this list.  Wake up!  Freedom is on the line.
Klaatu B
urada Nikto.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-02-11 11:08:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
That's a misleading statement:  You said, "simply because..."    As should be abundantly clear from my other arguments, I wouldn't wish to see anyone killed "simply because"  of the fact I "don't agree with them."  It is their ACTIONS that I feel violate my rights; that is what  justifies my seeking their deaths, should I choose to do so.
That's about the weakest argument I've heard in a long time.  I'm amazed that you weren't too embarrassed to post it to the list.  While I don't know precisely what your definition of the phrase "government employee" really is, I "every citizen" is a "governement employee" then you must have a REALLY weird definition of that.
Somehow, I think that this is where  your argument fails, and it fails Sorry, I disagree.  Now, I am certainly aware of the classic "Gandhi-type" total non-violence principle, but it turns out that very few people actually believe in that.  Most people seem to think that they are entitled to protect themselves from violations of rights.  The fact that these violations of rights may be done by "government employees" is at most irrelevant, in that this doesn't justify it.  Anybody who feels entitled to use violence against a burglar, rapist, or murderer is correct; attempting to deny me the right to protect my property from GOVERNMENT people is, in itself, a violation of my rights.
Are you a statist?

@_date: 1996-02-11 15:24:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
If Perry is REALLY sincere about objecting to the NON-crypto part of AsPol,
he should demonstrate this by writing notes which are focussing on the
crypto aspects, rather than just complaining.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-02-11 17:36:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Choices 
Needless to say, I disagree.  Government does not possess ANY "rights."
Merely powers.  Secondly, the Constitution says NOTHING about the authority
of the Federal government to "regulate" (or, for that matter, even merely
MONITOR) communications cross-border.  Sounds to me like you're arguing the
statist line.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto.

@_date: 1996-02-11 17:38:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
their I think it is, to most people who read my words.
How specific do you want me to be?  I think the examples I gave in my essay made it clear what I believe.
"recognized"?  Usta be, "free speech" wasn't "recognized" in many jurisdictions.  Are you suggesting that because it wasn't "recognized" that it wasn't a right?
Or what, exactly, WERE you suggesting?
Ultimately, your questions are more philosophical than is appropriate for CP. The answer to that depends dramatically on that someone else's actions, now doesn't it?!?
Already contradicted above.
I'm afraid your "logic" is a more than a bit faulty.  This reasoning would deny anyone the right to self-defense.
Perhaps, but bigotry isn't a crime, nor a violation of someone else's rights.
I _don't_ hate the use of self-defense.
know Voting in an election does not make a citizen a "government employee."
Perhaps your weird view of the world explains your opinions.
I am not particularly concerned with "this government."  I don't consider "this government" to be somehow "special" from a rights standpoint.
actually On the other hand, exercise of self-defense is not generally considered "wrong," either.  I merely am advocating a new type of self-defense, one that can be exercised anonymously.  In doing so, it can be a vastly more powerful weapon against government tyranny.
So what's your point?
Aha!  So what this means is, anybody who can assemble a sufficiently large force (governments, usually) can use the threat of use of that force to keep people from resisting, without hope of ever winning.
Classic statist position.
Have you been smoking something?
Who says?  Agents of the government punish criminals every day that do things to OTHER citizens.  Do you find that to be wrong?  If not, your problem is clear:  You have a double-standard about rights. But the big problem with this position is that the government specializes in NON-IMMEDIATE threats.  The cop says "come with me", and if you don't comply he pulls a gun.  If you pull one back, he shoots at you.  If you're holed up, he brings in reinforcements.  Etc. Etc. Etc.
In effect, you have defined "self-defense" quite carefully in order to ALLOW the use of threats and violence by GOVERNMENT people, without the right of the citizen to fight back.  As long as those threats and that violence is overwhelming and "legally justified," you'll give the citizens no right to Sorry, but I won't play your little tyrannical games.
What exactly do you mean by that?
Apparently you are simply confused.
Apparently you are STILL simply confused.
Justa sec.  In early 1800's England, nominally considered a "civilized country" many such crimes carried the death penalty on conviction.
Further, until about the 1960's, rape was a crime which was often punishable by death in the US.
Are you as ignorant as you sound, or have you forgotten that YOUR version of reality isn't the only one that has ever existed?
Shouldn't the crime victim decide?  After all, it's HIS property, right?   What makes you think YOU have the right to decide what crimes he should have to tolerate, huh?
If employers were to start doing this, they would have a VERY difficult time finding new employees to replace their former ones.
Like most statists, you ascribe way too much legitimacy to "the legal system."
So do I.  But we clearly differ.  Hmmmm.    How can this be?
The only reason I didn't delete the previous paragraph is that it makes absolutely clear that you believe in YOUR way of doing things, and that there cannot be any other way.  Sorry, I disagree.
That's part of your problem.  It is probably more accurate to say that you are a "strict Establishmentarian."  You hide behind the Constitution as if it is some sort of "Gift From God."  It isn't.  As the recent joke goes, "The Constitution may be bad government, but it's better than what we have now."
Because it's true.  The current government doesn't follow the Constitution.   Some of the people who call themselves "strict Constitutionalists" simply want to force a slightly modified version of tyranny on us all.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-02-12 15:00:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
I deeply appreciate your quandary.
Needless to say, _I_ know which I am, and what my motivations are.  But there are a few clues which might assist you:
1.  Most "government sponsored provocateurism" is given substantially more publicity than the meager amount I've managed to acquire on FIDOnet, USENET, and CP.  You can well imagine that if the government were trying to use an "Assassination Politics"-type scenario to drum up support for Clipper-type and FBI-wiretap ideas, they'd do a better job getting the word out.
2.  I think I've tried to make it clear that I believe that this idea is technically inevitable; it will occur REGARDLESS of the efforts which attempt to resist it.  If this were "government-sponsored provocateurism,"  I would have added something to the effect that "This is going to happen unless [fill in the blank with something the government wants to do to us...]". 3.  "Watch this space"   If you still have any residual doubts, and think I might be in league with the government on this, wait a few months.  You'll be astonished.
Well, it's not like I'm SEEKING martyrdom, but the possibilities have certainly crossed my mind. Some people have suggested, and only partially in jest, that I may be one of the system's first victims.  They may be right.  Nevertheless, I was undeterred, as evidenced by the fact that I published the essay anyway.
My idea has already resulted in an article in the Asahi Evening News newspaper, an English-language newspaper for residents of Japan.  A copy of this article was mailed to me a couple days ago.  It may also result in a (I hope positive) screenplay.  FAR more exciting that "The Net."
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen.       Something...Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-02-12 17:05:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Emotional Killer (or out of the frying pan and into the electric chair?) 
You're clearly confused. I was responding to an accusation that I was
defending seeking somebody's death simply because of a disagreement of
OPINION.  My comment was intended to remind the reader that it is the
ACTIONS of a person which justify the self-defense; not simply the
disagreement.  You falsely imply that a person can't be correct in his assessment that his
rights were, indeed, violated.
Since you just got through misrepresenting my position, probably
intentionally, it's pretty hard to take the rest of your opinions seriously.
You're wrong yet again.  Let's see, tallpaul needs a logic lesson:
Let's suppose I _believe_ my rights are being violated.  While that, in
itself, does not guarantee that this is CORRECT, on the other hand it
doesn't mean that it is INCORRECT, either.  You're falsely implying that I
was ignoring the issue of correctness; I wasn't.

@_date: 1996-02-12 17:21:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
You could start out by saying something like, "I don't believe in the idea of self-defense:  People shouldn't defend themselves when they are attacked."
Is this what you really believe?
Except that most of the people who would complain seem to make a convenient distinction about violence done by individuals in self-defense, and the threat of violence by government agencies.  In other words, statists don't want us to defend ourselves against government action.
Is it "nuts" to want to defend our own property?!?
If "AsPol" actually WORKS, Lotus won't have to "deal" to get "those extra 24 Lotus should announce that they have heard of this new idea on CP, called "Assassination Politics," and have assigned a couple dozen programmers to implement it by July 1996.  They'd back (guarantee) the prizes for the first such organization, and they'd sell the software to others.  At that point, I think the resignations from government office would skyrocket.  You're obviously not very perceptive.  First, it's DEADLY SERIOUS.  But, moreover, I believe it's INEVITABLE.  It didn't even matter that a person named "Jim Bell" happened to write the essay; the system was coming no matter what happens.  Depending on how you look at it, I didn't "invent" anything; I merely "discovered" a reality that was on the way. I need do nothing to see the system implemented; it'll happen somewhere, sometime, and it'll spread inexorably throughout the world.  Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-13 04:45:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Regulation of citizen-alien communications 
I suspect that Padgett's entire view of reality is built on quicksand.

@_date: 1996-02-13 12:02:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Which simply proves my point;  money is not the limiting factor, here.
But remember, Rushdie is merely ONE PERSON.  And keeping him safe has consumed a lot of resources.  You don't think the government could protect each of their most publically hated employees to a similar level if a reward of, say, $20,000 were put on each of their heads.  How much could we collect to "get" Lon Horiuchi, for example?  Or the hundred or so agents immediately participating in the initial Waco incident, or the dozen or so decision makers immediately above them?   Etc.
The Rushdie incident is simply so far removed from "Assassination Politics" that it can't possibly be used to refute it; I still believe it actually demonstrates how much effort somebody has to go to, to protect a targeted person.  One targeted person is easy to protect.  10,000 would be FAR harder.  And the moment a few of those guys got "whacked," the rest would want to resign their jobs and hope they would be allowed to retire in peace.
In a sense, qualitatively you absolutely correct, but (quantitatively) you're wrong.  I think the problem is that when most people hear the term "Assassination", they think of only the highest-level targets.  Quite the contrary; I think this system will get the medium and even the lower-level people FIRST, de-populating the government primarily by hurried resignations of worried people.  The remaining  people would be terrified to actually make anybody angry, and they wouldn't have a paycheck because they couldn't collect any taxes.  The whole system would collapse in a heap.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen.   Something...Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-02-13 18:44:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Portland, OR, Key-Signing+ 
Bullshit, Bruce!  My "conduct" at the last meeting was quite acceptable (nobody else complained, BTW) ; the source of the entire dispute that ensued was completely the irresponsible conduct of Alan Olsen in flaming me on the national cypherpunks list, and my only "crime" was objecting to his flames.  I was, quite frankly, shocked that Alan Olsen would behave as badly AFTER
the meeting as he did.  NOTHING that happened AT THE MEETING prepared me for his later abuse.
It turns out, however, that he later incriminated himself by admitting to sending some anonymous flames on Cypherpunks to me; if anything you should be objecting to HIS behavior for this.  The fact that you are not is QUITE REVEALING.  (Clearly, Olsen was massively (and, at least on the record, at that time, secretly) strongly objecting to my political philosophy and ideas LONG BEFORE the meeting, yet he didn't have the guts to confront me before the Even you apparently admit this to be true, by virtue of remembering (now!) to carefully point out that material discussed at the meeting is "fair game" for future discussion on lists.  You're obviously trying to cover Olsen's ass on this matter by retroactively making it look like what Olsen did was somehow "acceptable".  For the record, I object:  Kow-towing to a few people by prohibiting cameras, yet flaming others (anonymously, no less!) for non-hostile commentary made at the first meeting makes Olsen look terrible, and defending him makes you look pretty bad.
Olsen's setting up a local Cypherpunks area, adding my name to the list, then removing my name when things got a bit too embarrassing is clearly his standard (mis)behavior; you appear to be adopting his policies and practices.
If you REALLY were well meaning, you would not tried to flaunt your rejection of me in a public message; you would have kept that part private.  What you want to be able to do is to pretend that it is I who was at fault for Olsen's transgressions; you don't know newer attendees to hear both sides of the story.
How does it feel to be a sleazy character, Bruce?
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-13 21:42:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Actually, I think the primary targets will be either the middle level manager types, or the ones who have attracted a substantial amount of bad publicity by "following orders."  Lon Horiuchi (the sniper who shot Vicki Weaver) for example, would be a excellent example of a person who'd try to claim, "I was just following orders."  Okay, maybe he was, but so was Adolph Eichmann.  Once the tax collectors/enforcers were targeted, the rest of the government wouldn't be able to operate, and would collapse.
And, of course, you've just ruined their lives.  Think about it.  By doing this, it is made absolutely, completely, and abundantly clear to them that THEY are considered "the enemy" and that their lives are forever put at risk.   Previously, government employees could hold their heads up high and be proud of their "public service."  Now, if they're discovered, they have to disappear.  Does this treatment sound familiar?  Their job description and circumstances will more closely resemble that of a Mafia enforcer than a proud public servant.  They'll have to teach their children to lie about what their parent does, rather than risk getting exposed.
Who, exactly, would want to work for the government under such circumstances?  Remember, we're not just talking about a tiny fraction of their number; if the most egregious ones were hidden the ones that were less secure would be killed in their place.
Remember, the only reason the government can even afford so many employees is because taxes are collected; what happens when literally every IRS agent resigns to avoid the bullet or bomb?  The remainder, the "less bad" ones, couldn't be paid.  At that point, government collapses.
Except that you can't do this for every government employee, and who's going to want to work for the government if it is made clear to them that someday they'll either be killed, or discovered, or they will have to "go underground" to survive.  Not a very good prospect.  And what happens if they think there's a fairly good chance that my system will succeed?  Most people want to be able to retire with a pension; what's the prospect for collecting a pension from a demolished government?!?
Then they'll target the "names," the ones who show their faces.  See how this works?  If the only way  you can maintain the government is to keep them all absolutely anonymous, then that government has FAILED.
Furthermore, this system's anonymity allows disgruntled public employees the chance to collect money by "turning in" their bosses to the public's ire; if the personnel list for the government is nominally a secret, it will "leak" eventually and those on the list will be followed, confirmed, and targeted.
I'm not a betting man, but if I were forced to place a bet, your position doesn't have a prayer.

@_date: 1996-02-13 22:33:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assasination Politics 
I'm glad some people see that.  This may, in fact, turn out to be one of the most important products of modern, public-key cryptography.
Bingo!   That's why this system will be so effective; it will DETER bad behavior on the part of the government and its agents.
Yup; it's interesting that Franz didn't see this... Maybe he just didn't
WANT to see it!
Your question was actually a two-parter.  I will separate it below and comment on the pieces:
"Who needs leaders"?  Think about this, carefully.  The current political system is based on the idea that if you don't like the way things are being done, you have to publicize your unhappiness, to organize, and for that  you normally "need" leaders.  With "Assassination Politics," _leaders_ will not only not be necessary, they might be the prime targets for unhappy people!  But this will work both ways:  "Christian Coalition" LEADERS will be targets themselves if they publicly advocate the killing of abortion doctors.
I wish there was some sort of "perfect, easy solution" to this dilemma, but it's possible there isn't.  Ultimately, anybody who does anything that angers enough people, ENOUGH, will be a potential target.  I don't think this is a major admission however; society has ALWAYS been this way.  In the early 1600's in Salem, women were killed simply due to false accusations that they engaged in 'witchcraft."  Governments have prosecuted (and persecuted) people for violation of what we now call victimless crimes.  In the pre-1960's South, being black was a de-facto "crime":  They could be arrested, tried, and convicted on a pretense.  Over 60% of prison cells are filled with people who sold chemicals (drugs) to willing buyers.
I think it's clear that there are ALREADY plenty of violations of rights going on; at most, you can claim that "Assassination Politics" is "imperfect" in the sense that it doesn't completely solve this problem.  But since I do genuinely believe it will eliminate war, militaries, governments, taxes, and other evils, I think we'll end up with a far better society than we have today.
All is not lost, however.  I contend that society would likely IMPROVE to the point where the kind of behavior you want to avoid will not commonly happen.  Wishful thinking?  Well, consider a point which was driven home to me a week ago at a dinner with my parents, sister and brother in law, and my two nieces, ages 4 and 9.  We were eating spareribs, and my father (age 65) commented that such meat used to be considered trash meat, and "only the niggers bought it."  (BTW, my father was not and is not a bigot, quite the opposite; he used this terminology to relate the general opinion during the time frame he grew up in; he used this terminology to reflect on and deride that public opinion back then.) My older niece looked mystified, and said she hadn't even HEARD the term "nigger." (and she's substantially above average in vocabulary and intelligence for age 9, BTW)   While I am not going to claim that bigotry is dead in the younger generation, I think it's clear that it went out of style in the 1960's and progress has since been made in eradicating most of its more egregious effects. In short, in that issue, society has improved, if by no other method than waiting for the bigots to die off naturally and develop a new generation of more tolerant people.  Call this "political correctness" if you wish (and I'm about as much an opponent of "political correctness" as you'll find) but the fact is that things are getting better with regards to race relations.
Similarly, I think that once public advocacy for killing abortion doctors and others was deterred (by judicious use of Assassination Politics, for example, even if a given example of such use might be considered "wrong" because it was a violation of "free speech") pretty soon it would be hard to gather much enthusiasm for such bad acts.  Few people would risk calling publicly for that; the next generation will "never" hear such a thing, etc. Is it unreasonable for me to suggest that over time, the faults you fear will tend to disappear?

@_date: 1996-02-13 22:33:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MS CryptoAPI (fwd) 
At the risk of blowing my usual horn, I would argue that one advantage in vocal, common, and loudly hostile talk against government is that they have begun to understand how unhappy we are with them.  To make an analogy with late-1700's France,  the sound of a guillotine being tested probably had a remarkable effect on the upper strata of their society; likewise, dicussions of how we can all chip in and bump off the whole lot of the bastards might remind a few of they key government players that they are not immune from eventual retribution.  Resulting in "a lot of turnover."
If we make a "reasonable assumption" that most of those government employees aren't stupid, and they discover that the prospect for Crypto-Anarchy (trademark owned by Tim May?) is good, it seems reasonable to assume that they'll want to avoid being around when THE END comes for their employer.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-14 12:57:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Hardy har har!  This sounds like a joke, right?  Anything you WANT the Constitution to have said, "is not mentioned in the Constitution because it was a given."
Thanks for making me laugh...at you!
This statement is internally inconsistent.  If the speech is truly "free," it is (and should be!) unconstrained.  To whatever extent it is constrained, it is not entirely "free."  Now, even if we all agree that SOME speech should be limited, don't try to use this argument to allow the government to restrict ALL speech!
Here you get wacky again.  You first make a true statement, and then come to a false conclusion.
Logic lesson for Padgett:
There are at least three categories here:
1.  Government restricts communication.
2.  Government neither assists nor restricts communication.
3.  Government assists communication.  (through stolen tax dollars, BTW.)
Your first sentence in the paragraph immediately above simply says that item 3 is not required.  That is a true statement.  However, you falsely (apparently deliberately?) suggest that item 2 cannot exist; the only alternative is item 1.
Get real, Padgett.  Wake up.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-14 15:44:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
"Right on", as they used to say.  Padgett's clueless.  He'll try to justify

@_date: 1996-02-14 15:50:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Since Olsen claimed to have filtered me out, I'm replying primarily for the benefit of the others on the list.
You mention the issue of Rushdie, as if it is some sort of refutation of my idea.   Quite the contrary; I think it actually supports me.
How so?, you ask?  Well, let's consider any potential assassin who might be interested in this "contract."  Aside from the obvious moral issues involved here (Rushdie has, presumably, done nothing to warrant his death), the truth is that such a potential assassin would see a number of problems that would strongly dissuade him from attempting to kill Rushdie.
1.  There is no way he could be assured that he could collect the award anonymously.  His name would certainly "get out," and then he would be subject not merely to "the law," but also anybody who wanted revenge for Rushdie's death.
2.   There is no way he could be assured that he would actually receive the award.  (How would he prove HE did it?)
3.  That's because there is no way he would enforce this "contract" should the offerer refuse to pay.
In other words, this situation is VASTLY different than the one that "Assassination Politics" would presumably be able to guarantee:
1.  The assassin would be absolutely anonymous; he would not have to trust ANYONE with knowledge of his guilt.
2.  The assassin would have a digital record of previous payoffs made by the organization in question, reassuring him that they actually will pay their 3.  There will be no need to "enforce" such a contract; failure to pay will be provable in the "court of public opinion."  If the offering organization fails to pay, this failure will destroy its hard-earned credibility.
So you see, the Rushdie case is simply not any kind of disproof of "Assassination Politics":  if anything,it demonstrates WHY "murder for hire" in so rare and ineffective today, despite even a huge offer on a well-known

@_date: 1996-02-15 01:19:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assasination Politics 
Even if operation of such a system is "outlawed," the government would still have to TRY to enforce the law, which would be mighty difficult.  Remember, the whole system is based on anonymity, which means it'd be hard to get witnesses to any overt act.  And we have 1st amendment issues to consider:  If this system were operated from overseas, it would be difficult or impossible to restrict communication with the main organization, etc.
I believe that the enthusiastic support by some well-known software company (even if they didn't intend to actually run or assist in the running of the operation itself) would make the politicians shit bricks, leading to a cathartic national debate that we sorely need.
I don't deny that such an organization might spring up.  (Anti-abortion activists are the group which come most immediately to my mind, BTW.  I'm not in sympathy with them; quite the opposite.)  I've never claimed that this system is totally immune to such abuse, in the same way that the seller of a gun can certify that it will never be used to commit a crime.
Fortunately, "Assassination Politics" will achieve this "crypto anarchy" even if only a tiny fraction of the population participate and use it.  The reason is that the number of decision-maker government employees is comparatively small and most will resign before being "terminated." (with extreme prejudice.)  The total cost to bring down the US government will probably be substantially less than $100 million.
I realize that this takes a bit of thinking to recognize.  I've thought about this whole thing for nearly a year, now, and it is still a fascinating and yet a bit terrifying subject.
Again, only a tiny fraction of the population needs to participate...
I've been asked what I think would be the average payoff for a medium-level government official "kill" would be.  Naturally, that would be market-driven, but it is reasonable to assume that most of the payment for a CURRENT contract killing is based on the risk; not merely the risk of doing the job and/or getting caught, but also the risk of dealing with (and trusting, etc) the other guy.  I suspect that the vast majority of convictions for contract killings occur not because the killer was caught in the act, but because of these relationships associated with it.
Since "Assassination Politics" promises essentially perfect anonymity to the donors as well as the "predictors", the majority of the "risk" associated with having such a job done would be far lower than currently.  I estimate, therefore, that you could get "action" for around $10,000.
Since "Assassination Politics" is based on a combined-donation system, even people on a subsistence wage could contribute; a quarter here, a dollar there, pretty soon it turns into real money.
libertarian -
I understand your concern.  I wish there was some simple argument I could give which would assuage your fears.  However, I look at it this way:  The Federal government (and all other governments, around the world) are curently parasites on the rest of the population.  Now "parasite theory" is that the parasite has some sort of optimum "parasite level" above which he cannot go.   Once the cost for such parasitism is removed, there will be an economic boom for those "hosts" of the parasite.  Naturally, the parasite will be in trouble, but that's only justice.

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:40:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: fortune and predictions... 
At 08:55 PM 2/14/96 -0500, Jean-Francois Avon (JFA Technologies, QC, Canada)
Huh? I didn't even notice.   Well, I guess after a few months of promoting
"Assassination Politics", I'm so thick-skinned that nothing fazes me anymore.
The reason I'd prefer most of the discussion on the list is simple:  I have
a limited amount of time, and I'm promoting an idea.  If you have a good
argument that I should be able to address, I want everyone to have the
benefit not only of your comment but also my response!
e-mail with you.
I'll read it.  However, my mail has slowed to a trickle today.  There's
something wrong, somewhere.  It'll come flooding in, in a few hours I'll bet.
prove me wrong.
We shall see...

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:42:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [ASSASSINATION NOISE] Re: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Does the fact that some system is "abusable" mean that it is not better than the current system?  Or are you under the impression that the current system is NOT "abusable"?!?  The reason I mention this is that I get the strange impression that the system I advocate is being judged by a different standard than the status quo.  "Double standard," is the usual term.  Is this fair?
Let's consider the Rushdie situation in more detail.  Why is he in danger?  Because, obviously enough, some high-ranking LEADERS in the Moslem faith put a contract out on him.  Okay, if they're high-ranking, and they're well known, and they're putting out contracts on people, RECIPROCATE!
See how this works?  If "Ayatollah X" says, "Kill Rushdie and we'll give you a couple million dollars," then "AsPol" that Ayatollah to death, a dollar at a time.  Pretty soon, no "high-ranking" Moslem would DARE put out a contract on a Rushie-like character, for fear of getting killed himself.
Of course, it is  true that individual Moslems could ALSO use the "Assassination Politics" mechanism, but they would have to be self-motivated, because the system is designed to be anonymous.  Keep in mind that "nobody" would have ever heard of the name "Rushdie" if it hadn't been for that contract.
People keep talking about "leaders" as if we NEEDED leaders  SHEESH!  Stay stuck in your old ruts if you want, but the fact is the world is changing from a "leader-centric" system to a distributed-control system, assisted by digital anonymity.  There are a lot of interesting questions implied by the above paragraph, and I will be happy to discuss them, in the next note, tomorrow.  If anything, I am surprised that there hasn't been more commentary along these lines than has occurred up to now.  Frankly, if I want to discuss the POLITICAL aspects, I typically do that in NWLIBERTARIANS at TELEPORT.COMO, not Cypherpunks.  The main reason I subscribed to Cypherpunks is that I wanted the TECHNICAL issues discussed, debated, and perfected.
The problem, I think, is that people (like, for instance, Perry) complain about the political-implications discussion of AsPol, but he clearly doesn't want to move the discussion to a more technical "Cypherpunks"-type level, with detailed discussions of protocols, trust issues, etc.  I _DO_.
Hey, I'm not easily offended!  Actually, while I think this is rather funny, I am fully aware that the truth is that my idea will upset a few million apple-carts.  And yes, I wouldn't be surprised if I'm one of the first victims of this system. (I am careful to point out, however, that I believe a system such as this to always have been inevitable;  Jim Bell is merely one of the first to notice the ultimate implications of this system.)
As I said long ago, there are some words in "A Tale of Two Cities" which describes my feelings on the subject.
Question:  How would you know?  Since we've never had anything even remotely approaching the system I advocate, how can you say how "polite" it would be?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-16 07:50:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Emotional Killer (or out of the frying pan and into 
Frankly, I think you are deliberately engaging in nit-picky semantical arguments when your fundamental position is bankrupt.  I've always made it clear that I don't "assume" that every person is right in his belief that his rights have been violated; rather, I point out that whether they are right or  wrong, ultimately you (and me, and society) must deal with the FACT of that belief.  If the person (people?)  in question is actually wrong, then consider it a useful task to explain to that person WHY his beliefs are wrong.  If he's RIGHT, he has the right to act to defend his rights.  The question of whether any given person is right, in any given belief, is an interesting matter, but it is only marginally relevant to the subject of "Assassination Politics."  Ultimately, people WILL act on what they believe to be true; you can't just stick your head in the sand and make them go away.  You can try to convince them they're wrong, or you can try to defend yourself against their (allegedly misguided) actions:  That is your choice.
Get back to the subject at hand and I'll be happy to continue to debate.  Engage in silly semantics and I'll be pleased to ignore you.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-16 16:56:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
BTW, the last two telephone numbers are no longer active at my residence.  I
haven't tried them to see if they've already been assigned to other people.
I would have hoped that anybody who went through the limited research (they
well all listed telephone numbers, BTW; I've NEVER had an unlisted telephone
number) to find them would have  at least called to verify that they were no
longer valid numbers.

@_date: 1996-02-16 17:09:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics(tm) was V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
Pardon me, but the proper word is "bear", not "bare."
You'd be surprised how few "high government officials" have Secret-service-type protection.  President, obviously, vice president, Speaker of house, majority and  minority leader of Senate, etc. "Ordinary" members of House and senate don't.  A few department heads probably do, but that is the exception, rather than the rule.
BTW, for the record, just a couple of days ago Clinton probably passed within a mile of my house, "Slant range", in a helicopter, with a day's warning.  (The term, "slant range", is a "term of art," for those not in the Well, then what _IS_ "repelling possible assassins"?  Hint:  If I or you killed Rushdie, do you really believe you would be able to collect the reward?  I don't.  Unless you get people to really BELIEVE they can collect, then it is irrelevant what the value of that reward is!
Hint:  If the mullahs really wanted to see Rushdie dead, they would have implemented some sort of "Assassination Politics"-type system to ensure than anyone who wanted to collect the reward could do so from the comfort and safety of his own home.
Which is a valid goal.  Actually, it is unclear why Britain is spending the money to protect Rushdie.  Despite the fact that he's done nothing to deserve his targeting, governments are remarkably reticent about protecting individual citizens.  Now, imagine you were a government employee in this line of work, and a fellow employee was bumped off due to a well-publicized incident.  Next time you're asked to engage in a Waco-like operation, what do you think you'll say to  your manager?   "Is this trip necessary?"
This is called, "deterrence."
Needless to say, I disagree.  In practice, if you discovered that  each year there  was a 1% chance of you dying as a consequence of your job, you'd probably strongly consider changing your place of employment.
Now, I think statistics show that each year, about 800 billion dollars in  individual income taxes are collected.  If we assume that the equivalent of only 1% of that  value  was donated to solve the "IRS problem," that's 8 BILLION dollars, which at $10,000 per person would buy 800,000 deaths.  THat's 7 times the current employment of the IRS.
You tell me:  What would the average person pay THIS YEAR to avoid paying, say, a $100,000 tax bill NEXT YEAR?  (Hint:  How much do rich people pay their accountants, TODAY, to avoid taxes?)
Another Hint:  Consider Bill Gates.  His wealth is variously estimated at over 10 BILLION dollars, probably almost all of which is in long-term capital gains (Microsoft stock), for which he will have to pay somewhere around 30% in Federal income taxes if he should choose to cash out.  He would be 1.5 Billion dollars ahead if he donated $1.5 billion dollars to an organization which would eliminate his  requirement to pay the total 3 billion dollar tax bill to the IRS.  That alone is the equivalent of about $14,000 for each IRS employee.
That depends entirely on the identity of the target.  Besides, suppose for a moment that all these people are turned into "targets."  It's pretty easy to protect ONE INDIVIDUAL; it's far harder to protect thousands.
Your estimate is way too high.   Remember, most of the cost of hiring a hitman is based on the risk (to him) of actually contacting and TRUSTING his contractor. (and vice versa:  The contractor has to trust the hitman.)   While I have no firm statistics, I would  imagine that the vast majority of "contract killings" are  solved (if they are solved at  all, by the police) by something other   than evidence collected at the site where the killing actually occurred.  If you completely eliminate this risk, (by encryption and digital cash, etc.) by free-market principles the cost should drop drastically.
More generally, most murders are solved either by researching the prior relationships (and motives) of acquaintances of the "victim," or witnesses to an incident that the killer didn't expect to occur, etc.   "Assassination Politics" would result in a situation in which literally everybody in the world had an IDENTICAL motivation to kill the target.  Imagine explaining this away to a jury, who themselves might have had an equivalent motivation to collect the reward! Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-17 04:30:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Decency Act 
Hey, I resent the implication, here!  Three months ago I wouldn't have known what you meant by that, but "comparatively" long ago I learned that "LD" is Detweiler, who apparently has a long and established history of using aliases.  It sounds like you're trying to imply that I am either a Detweiler "tentacle" (yet another term of art that I learned in the last couple of months) or am somehow in league with him.  Right?!?
Well, "It ain't so."  Now, I realize how difficult it is for me to prove that I'm not some other particular person, but from the snippets I've managed to see over the last few months on Internet, this Detweiler character appears to know FAR more about the use of Internet than I do. (He apparently is a sleazy bastard, but then you probably know much more about that than I do...)  Hell, it was only a couple of months ago that I even learned how to use PGP with Eudora.  I've only had a full SLIP account for a few months before that.
In fact, so far (luckily for me, I guess) my only contact with LD is that I was flamed by him, actually under the Detweiler name, when I first posted "Assassination Politics" to various USENET areas.  At that point, I had no idea of his checkered history (still don't know much; I'd appreciate hearing more) and he apparently assumed that I was some Tim May clone.  He even referred to May as "TCM," a set of initials that mystified me for a week, until some kind soul sent me a small snippet of the Cybernomicon, the part dealing with "net-killings."
At that point, he ignored me, probably classifying me as a clueless newbie.  His flaming ceased when he discovered that I was not only not "in the TCM camp," but I hadn't even heard of May and Cypherpunks.
In any case, as I understand it from vague commentary, some of you people "out there" know a lot more about LD, and it should be possible for me to show my history in enough detail to convince anybody that I'm not Detweiler.  Hell, somebody posted my correct address just a few hours ago (it was no secret; I am well aware of USENET indexing, and I've freely published my address and the correct, current phone number in a USENET area within the last couple of months, and I've never had an unlisted telephone number.
Jim Bell, N7IJS, 7214 Corregidor, Vancouver, WA, USA 98664, 360-696-3911  (they changed area codes from 216 last year),  MIT Class of 1980, Course 5, Chemistry major.
"James Dalton Bell"  (yes, THOSE Daltons!)
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto.

@_date: 1996-02-17 11:35:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Computer unmasks Anonymous writer... 
What's the next step?  Writing a program which "fakes" somebody's style, right?

@_date: 1996-02-17 14:51:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDA Yes Votes; Collection 
On the other  hand, there may be an alternative...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-18 03:04:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Online Zakat Payment: Religious tithe. 
Actually, I have enough background in all these areas, to the point where I think if I were given a plutonium "pit," I could probably implement the bomb in about 6 months of part-time tinkering.  The main engineering problem would be finding/producing two different homogeneous explosives with reliably defined/measured detonation velocities, and calculating the shape of the "lenses" required to cover the pit, and then machining or casting the parts.  (I'd probably also want to simulate the mechanical "impedance match" of the chemical explosive to the (dense) plutonium; and as I understand it they use the mechanical equivalent of a transformer to do the matching.  Sorry, but I think in terms of electronics, not mechanics.  Sue me.)
BTW, I think I've already solved the problem of producing a few dozen absolutely simultaneous trigger explosions (+/- 100 nanoseconds) around the periphery at the lens foci, without using multiple electronic detonators.  (in fact, a single blasting cap would do nicely.)  "But the margins of this book are too small to contain it"  Heh heh!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen.              Something....Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-02-18 14:28:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Online Zakat Payment: Religious tithe. 
You might be surprised:  I have never read anything by Clancy.  Tell me,
what method did HE use?
Jim Bell, N7IJS
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-19 06:36:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Science News - article on Quantum Crypto 
I love to be picky about such things.  Yes, I think bosons _DO_ interact with each other.  Before all you physics nerds flame me, hear me out:  Photons, while they have no "rest mass" do indeed "gravitate" (they are energy, recall?).  In a reference I can no longer find in my 1970 Encyclopedia Brittanica, it stated that a cubic mile of sunshine "weighs" 1/100,000,000 of a milligram.    From another source (or maybe the same one?) it stated that the photon "weight" in a cubic centimeter of volume at the core of a star such as our sun (or at the core of a nuclear explosion) is about 1 gram per cubic centimeter.
Thus, presumably photons self-gravitate, and thus, SOME bosons "interact," although admittedly this kind of interaction is a few dozen orders of magnitude lower than what you probably intended when you said "Bosons don't interact with each other at all."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-19 08:35:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Using lasers to communicate 
I tend to agree.  But my position is a bit more "middle of the road":  We _should_ use laser/LED links, but we should encrypt the link with encryption sufficiently strong (IDEA/1024-bit RSA key) to make interception of the beam I think what's needed from the IC companies is a chip somewhat analogous to the UARTS (TR1602/AY5-1013) (which were "new" in about the 1975 time frame), but one which maintains one half of a bidirectional link with NSA-proof encryption.  It wouldn't matter what the physical medium was, it would "handle it."  They'd be given "authority" over link signal amplitude, and would be able to monitor link integrity/error rate to anticipate incipient link failures.  (caused by electronic/mechanical  failure, growth of vegetation, corrosion, and other items.)  (I know, I know, shades of 2001!  "Open the pod bay door, Hal!")
During periods of low usage, it would occasionally automatically engage in link margin testing, etc, and automatically generate/transmit extremely-long period pseudorandom data to  prevent snoopers from doing any sort of
traffic-density analysis on the working link.  If the chip was given mechanical authority over beam-pointing, the chip could also do auto-align test functions to
compensate for misalignment, etc.  Alignment would be kept "perfect."
While I'm no IC-design expert, considering the fact that chips commonly possess at least 1000 times as many transistors as they did in 1974, they SHOULD be able to implement such a chip easily enough.
Lazy bastards.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-19 09:16:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Science News - article on Quantum Crypto 
Hmmmm.  Last thing I saw, you claimed you put me in your "killfile."  Glad to see I'm off.  (This makes me wonder why...)   Hope I don't do anything else to offend you. B^)
Hey, you're a sharp guy!  Not too many people are aware of the Mossbauer effect.  I'll bet you read the same Scientific American article I did, decades ago.  Here's a question:  How hard is it to make a gamma detector?  I'd like to experiment with the Mossbauer effect, but aside from the difficulty of obtaining the radioactive nuclides, I don't know to make a crystal detector.  And is that the best an amateur could do?
Yes, yes, yes, I know this stuff.  But my pickiness was based on the fact that the term "interact" can vary over many orders of magnitude.  For example, as I recall the ratio of the electrical repulsion  between two protons exceeds the gravitational attraction by a factor of about 10**40.  I just object to the use of the term "interact" in a cavalier way, as if quantum mechanical "interaction" was the only kind of interaction that "mattered."  (no pun intended...well, maybe just a little.) Okay, maybe not, but my idea is substantially better than anything I've heard published in the open lay press.  I just heard from a friend that even that hack Clancy used krytrons and capacitors; my system would use _trivial_ components to do the timing.  Jim Bell, N7IJS
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-19 13:21:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The proper name is "Erbium."  But the rest of Dave Emery's commentary is
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen.    Something.....Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-02-19 13:56:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Online Zakat Payment: Religious tithe. 
around the detonators.  this    It really isn't as simple as that!  What I mean is this:  It sounds
like Clancy doesn't really understand much about the requirements to trigger
explosives to detonate an atomic bomb.  Where do I begin?  The big problem is getting all the explosions to occur at
basically the same instant; ideally, well under a microsecond accuracy.
Well, it turns out that if you just want to trigger a single blasting cap,
only a little current does it.  But the exact time delay of the explosion is
related to the amount of energy applied to the cap.  Put "just enough" power
into it, and it goes in a few hundred milliseconds, but you don't know
EXACTLY when.  Put A LOT MORE into it and the delay is not only shorter, but
also better defined.  While I've never been exposed to specific numbers, in
order to get the explosions REALLY simultaneously normally is thought to
require two types of unusual devices not normally encountered:  High voltage
coaxial capacitors and krytron tubes.  The combination of the two puts a
HUGE amount of energy into each cap, essentially instantaneously, and they
all go off more or less simultaneously.
All this is sophisticated and difficult to deal with.  I've developed a
method that uses materials commonly available in the average medium-size
city, and with the exception of a single blasting cap, are extremely
innocuous to purchase.  I'd be happy to share the information, if there are
no strong objections from the peanut gallery.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-19 14:28:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Easy Nuclear Detonator 
"Multiple very thin flexible hollow tubes (1 mm ID? teflon?) filled with a
homogenous liquid explosive (for example, pure nitromethane), length accurately cut to produce the exactly desired delay.  Kept separated from each other by foam spacers to avoid inter-fiber detonations. Detonated from a single cap, with an intermediary chamber of liquid explosive to stabilize the shock front, the detonation wave travels along each tube simultaneously at (presumably) identical velocity."
It's a race, designed so that the detonation waves reach their targets (the
foci) at the same time.  If the detonation velocity was, say, 5,000 meters per second, an accuracy of 0.5 millimeter in length would produce a delay accuracy of 100 nanoseconds.
Whatcha think?
Now where did I put that pit...   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-20 09:55:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Easy Nuclear Detonator 
Uh, okay, sorry.  See, I wrote the response for you, and at the last minute
I realized that I might as well include it to the list as well.   Yes, it is
"off topic" but I thought it was interesting reading anyway.  In addition, I
gave the list 12+ hours of "warning" and asked if anybody objected...  All I
got was an "attaboy" from Dr. Dmitri Vulis.
As for the inclusion of your private note:  sorry again.  But at the time,
it just didn't occur to me that you'd object to this.  "Nettiquette" is new
to me.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com.

@_date: 1996-02-20 14:17:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Optical repeaters 
Actually, they're in very common usage today.
[stuff deleted]
Uh, no.  See, the problem is that the (long)transmission fiber has even more attenuation at about 980 nm (the "pump wavelength) than about 1500, the wavelength of interest.  It is necessary to generate and apply the power at the amplifier site.
They are!  Truly amazing technology.  It's like a "negative-loss" cable.  Invented about 10 years ago, and they vastly improved the ability to do LD communications through fiber.  Huge bandwidth, compared to current usage.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-21 08:45:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Optical repeaters 
I would think that the action of a optical fiber amplifier is, in a sense, "negative loss," or the inverse of the kind of loss normally found in a fiber cable.  Thus, if quantum crypto can be done through a long fiber at all, the fiber amplifier shouldn't negatively affect it.  However, if polarization is important (and I know that "polarization maintaining" fibers are available) then I assume that the amplifier would probably also have to be designed to ensure that polarization would also be maintained through the EDFA (Erbium-Doped Fiber Amplifier.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-21 12:07:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
An interesting movie out of the 1960's (which is just barely available by special order from Blockbuster video) is called "Sebastian."   English actor Dirk Bogarde plays "Sebastian," the head of a British code-cracking organization staffed by women.  Haven't seen it for a couple of decades.  As the opening credits roll, Sebastian has a random chance encounter with a woman on the street.  Without any other words, he asks her something like, "Spell your name backwards."  In a comparative instant she does so, and he
gives her his card, saying, "Call me if you want a job."  A few months later she does, and that's where the main story starts.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-02-21 23:24:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Easy Nuclear Detonator 
Re-read my whole statement.  I copy the relevant commentary that you
sloppily forgot to read:
I already entirely anticipated your objection.  And destroyed it.
Quantify, quantify.  How much of a problem?  (Hint:  If you seriously believed there was a problem with this idea, you would be able to give a few examples on how to avoid them.  Reading your commentary, you did none of this.  All the tubes can be filled at the last minute by pulling a vacuum on the
system and letting atmospheric pressure fill all the tubes.  No impurities,
or at least it's a perfectly homogeneous mixture.
"might"?  Well, could you be more specific?  How many nanoseconds would be
too many?
So what's your point?
Sure about that?
Pigs might fly.
How low?  Be specific.
The "gun" design wasn't used with the plutonium, because IT WOULD NOT HAVE WORKED! "Fat Man," the bomb dropped on Nagasaki, used the implosion method.  "Little Boy," the gun-method bomb, used U-235.   Plutonium detonates far too rapidly to use the "gun" method.   The scientists knew that in 1945.  You seem to be at least 50 years behind the Sheesh!  I guess we now know what field YOU don't know about, huh?  Or, perhaps more likely, this is a specific DIS-information campaign.   You want someone to waste a critical-mass worth of plutonium.

@_date: 1996-02-21 23:50:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Easy Nuclear Detonator 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ > I wrote this just a few hours ago.  Let's have a vote:  Who thinks I have some idea about the subject?
It's probably a partly practical consideration.  For a given (reasonable) size of wire, it's going to take a certain amount of current to explode it sufficiently rapidly, and that translates into an approximate voltage.  For argument's sake, assume that the voltage necessary is 5000 volts.  (I don't know what the "real" number is...)  Capacitors of 5000 volts are reasonably easily "doable."  However, if you try to hook all those wires together, and if you have a couple of dozen trigger locations, that works out to 125,000 volts total, which is a rather impractically high voltage for "routine" use. (to say nothing of the ability to SWITCH such high voltages).   I suspect that "parts availability" drives nuclear detonators just as it does most more innocuous electronics. 'course, their budgets are a lot higher!
In addition (and this is probably at least as important a reason, if not more so),  if you put multiple wires in series, while the current through them is equal, the voltage across each one may vary.  Thus, the energy put into each wire will also vary, and those where the voltage is higher get more power, and get hotter, and higher resistance, and more voltage, and more power, etc.
In other words, it's an unstable equilibrium, and this would almost certainly lead to a situation where some some triggers happened substantially later than the others.  Putting them all in PARALLEL would avoid this, sorta, but that has its own problems.
A few weeks ago, I downloaded a GIF of the H-bomb, and it shows an element which it referred to as a "shock absorber" (at the appropriate location)and identified the material as graphite.  Graphite is very stiff; a high modulus of elasticity (Young's modulus).  But it isn't very dense.  I would imagine that the velocity of sound in graphite is about as high as you can get in a solid material.  I haven't done any math to determine how effective a match this would be, but maybe it doesn't really matter.
Oh, one more thing.  What the lay person (or even the person who THINKS he "knows it all", as opposed to US, who do.  !) doesn't realize about bomb
design is that the "highest tech" bombs are not the largest, but are in fact the SMALLEST bombs.  Chances are good that a Hiroshima-sized bomb was just about the smallest that was technically do-able in the 1940's.   I would imagine that most of the work that has gone into bomb design in the last 30 years has been the technology to develop smaller (LESS explosive power) bombs,  aside from making them physically small enough to fit in a launch bus.
I forgot about the beryllium.  Beryllium, I understand, is described as a "neutron reflector".   Now how GOOD a neutron reflector it is I don't know, but if you're trying to make a bomb with the smallest amount of material at the primary's core it would help a great deal to have a neutron reflector.  Presumably, it would be used to coat the inside of the "hammer."  If beryllium were a "perfect" neutron reflector, you could use arbitrarily low amounts of plutonium or U-235 as the core (analogy:  If you were in a room with walls which were perfect mirrors, and "you" were invisible, you would see "forever" and the volume of space you were in would appear to be infinite), and you could make the core as small as you want.  (But it isn't, so the improvement effected by beryllium is limited.)
It might also help to make the "pit" hollow, but I don't know about that.  This might assist in the mechanical impedance match, too.  If you could get the chemical implosion timed  "just right" you might be able to get away with using a really THIN layer of plutonium that crashes together at the core.  This might provide optimum densification because you would be able to accelerate the hollow plutonium sphere centrally at near-detonation-velocity speeds, which would result in very effective density increases.
There is also supposed to be a beam trigger in modern bombs.  It ionizes
helium to form alphas, which are fired at beryllium targets which releases neutrons at "just the right time" to start the compacted core going at just the right time.  (More on this if you're interested...)
(BTW, keep in mind as you read what I'm writing that I've never had a nuke-E course, never talked to a bomb maker or anyone who ever talked to one (and probably never talked to anyone who talked to a person who talked to a bomb-maker, etc), have had zero access to classified information of any type (including non-nuclear).   So take what I'm saying with a grain of sodium chloride.  Actually, I'm not particularly interested in bomb design anyway, so I really don't know why I started this thread?!?  That's probably true, but it's still likely to be a very mismatched system.  The density of plutonium is really high.  Now we know why computers were so important in the 1960's and 1970's to bomb design (and still are, I guess!):  Doing a quasi-3 dimensional simulation of the trigger is vastly cheaper than actually exploding a bomb, and you can get far more information from the simulation as well.  Probably the only reason they kept setting off real bombs was to ensure that their mathematics represented reality. (Well, also to test the reliability of "working" warheads...)
BTW, a few years ago I heard about a new explosive material, octanitrocubane.  If you are familiar with chemistry, you'll suspect from the name what it is:  A cube-shaped arrangement of eight carbon atoms, each connected to a nitro (NOT nitrate) group.  It has at least two things going for it:
1.  It is stoichiometric internal to the molecule.
2.  It has ENORMOUS ring strain, which translates into a dramatically greater detonation energy.    It is probably the current record-holder for carbon/nitrogen/hydrogen/oxygen explosives, by a long shot.
Its main disadvantage is predictable, if you know any organic chemistry:  It is an extremely difficult compound to synthesize, or at least to develop the synthesis for.  Thus, it is probably exceedingly expensive.  That means that for "ordinary" use, almost any common explosive is better.  This material is only going to be practical for the "highest-level" usages of explosives, and nuclear detonators are one of these.  Of course, since we're DISMANTLING bombs and not building them (at least as much as we used to!) then new technology to build bombs isn't  particularly useful.  I'm "sure" Los Alamos has probably simulated an octanitrocubane-triggered bomb, for curiosity's sake if nothing else.  The B-28 (?) H-bomb GIF identified this gap as being "vacuum," but we know there is no reason to have an actual vacuum there.  In fact, as I have read, plutonium "pits" get warm to the touch due to radioactive decay.  If it were REALLY put in a "vacuum" it would be so well insulated that it would get EXTREMELY hot before radiative cooling equilibrated the temperature.  Since air is 99.9% of the way to a perfect vacuum compared to a solid, air (in a foam) is plausible, like a harder version of styrofoam.  Plenty of such foams exist today.  And it's possible they augment and stabilize the position by embedding a few relatively thin carbon rods radially between the pit and the hammer.
After a while, things become obvious, don't they?
Even so, and even though my "mechanical engineering" background is weak, I find it hard to believe that modern technology can't provide some sort of "graded impedance" covering that acts like a broadband anti-reflection coating.  (the mechanical equivalent to the covering for the Stealth bomber and fighter plane.)   The main problem would have been simulating such a complex material on a computer, at least in the 1960's.  Something tells me they would have pursued this at least theoretically,  perhaps lacking anything else to do.
The real problem, it seems to me, is that to do this simulation would require a pressure-versus-density curve for plutonium up to nearly a million atmospheres.  This is, of course, hard to test, and that is one reason it would be useful to have deeper atomic physics background.  Perhaps physicists would have been able to estimate such a curve on theoretical grounds.
That's exactly what computer simulation is intended to avoid the need for.  I'm sure instrumentation is a real headache for the testers.
But not for me.  I have no "nuke E" credentials, and don't enjoy programming, and I'm busily working on my "Assassination Politics" debate.  (which, incidentally, will (I believe) force the dismantling of all nuclear weapons in the world, if you've followed the debate, as well as eliminating all wars and militaries and governments.  Tell me, who do you think will win?)
Why put it in sawdust?  The only reason I can think of is to keep it from flowing like a liquid.  Nitromethane is "oxygen-poor" to start out with.
Easily.  And even better, ammonium nitrate is "oxygen rich" so tht you can get efficient use of the nitromethane.  A 2-1 mixture by weight (AN, 2,
nitromethane, 1) is stoichiometric, as I recall.  They are not miscible in all proportions, however, so you'd have to settle for a finely-powdered slurry.
That's why I specified a HOMOGENOUS liquid as the tube-filler.  At least that way you know it's a consistent mix, as opposed to a slurry which would I doubt this.  I'll test it, however, within the next year or so.
That wouldn't be surprising.  TNT is EXTRAORDINARILY 'oxygen-poor.'  It's about as far as you get from being an "efficient" explosive. Hours?  Aw, C'mon!  Minutes!  Maybe even 60 seconds.   The biggest impediment is figuring out how to open the tank, but even that could be avoided by drilling through the wall with a self-sealing "screw" assembly, one that would drain a bit of liquid into a detonator channel...    These tankers are probably usually made either of aluminum or stainless steel, and they could probably be pierced comparatively easily with a screw or a pointed  probe, or even a drill arranged to seal after the flukes had pierced. (Makita's are REALLY useful!) Drilling aluminum is easy; drilling stainless steel's normally a bitch because it work-hardens, but you're not looking for a pretty result so you'd just design with a nicely-sharpened carbide tip (a little work with a masonry bit and a sacrificial grinding wheel will work wonders) and be prepared for anything up to and including tool steel.  The hole would only have to be 1/8" or even smaller (or maybe not even necessary, triggering through the wall is certainly possible, too, but it would require more than a lowly cap.) and you can apply enormous forces to a short drill bit.
I don't think it would be worth it.  If the tanker was full, you'd merely be replacing one fair explosive with another, and it would take a lot of work to grind up the AN and mix it with the contents of the tank.   You'd be wasting time, risking the operation of an anti-highjacking alarm system,  and risking detection and leaving evidence of intent.  Just highjacking the truck, later followed  by a huge explosion, would "leave 'em guessing" about what really happened.
I guess the world is fortunate I'm not into this sorta stuff, huh?!?
Me, I'd do it digitally.  Set up a master 100 MHz clock, for 10 nsec time resolution, feed it to a master counter made up of modern 74ACXXX synchronous counters, then take the count chain and buffer it into a bus connected to a slew of edge-triggered latches, with appropriate amplifiers and  extra circuitry to guard against double-clocking.  You could connect up as many latches as you wanted, fed from various points in a triggered system.  ("fanout limited," but then again, multiple buffering is easy to do, as well.)   "All" the data could be taken in one shot, maybe.  Dozens or even hundreds of locations.
I'd test simultaneity after multiple long lenths of parallel fine tubing, variations in velocity with diameter, effect of curvature, everything.  One "bang" and I'm done.  It would be easy to measure the detonation velocities of the "lens" explosives as well, probably to well under 0.1% accuracy.  (I wonder if nitromethane could act as one of them?!? Would it dissolve or weaken a solid explosive?  Can a solid explosive with a "compatible" detonation velocity be found?)
I only have a fair background in optics, but since the principle of the lensing effect is general it should be easy to figure out what the shape of the lenses would be.  Casting the lenses is probably the technique I'd use, since surprisingly enough most nitrated organic explosives will melt long before they might be inclined to explode.  TNT, for instance, has long been poured as a liquid into artillery shells, melted in steam-jacketed kettles.
At least four molds would be necessary:  Pentagonal and hexagonal versions of the inner and outer explosive.
ed THIN also True, but I suspect that the variation is going to be smaller than is significant, or at least it can be measured and compensated for.  Chances are that "military-grade" accuracies are straightforwardly possible.
BTW, feel free to keep and forward this note to anyone you feel would be interested in this information.  I'd appreciate getting confirmation or corrections, for curiosity's sake if nothing else.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-22 00:28:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Poltics 8:  Asahi article 
"Assassination Politics" Part 8
The following article appeared in the Sunday, February 4, 1996 issue of Asahi Evening News, in an article written by columnist Paul Maxwell, page 6. He writes a regular column about the Internet for this newspaper.
"Networks:  Paul Maxwell"
"Dial Internet for murder"
'The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers."  (Shakespeare, Henry VI).
A startling and controversial idea has surfaced on the Internet recently--fear with me for a moment while I explain it.  It is based on two technological developments:  digital cash and encryption software.
Briefly, digital cash is a system for transferring funds from one person to another on the Net.  For this system to be as good as cash, the transactions must be capable of being conducted anonymously, just like in real life.  (You go into the Seven-Eleven, buy a Cafe Latte, and nobody knows your name or your credit history.  The purchase is not recorded in a database of your consumer preferences.)
Several competing schemes for digital cash have been launched,  but the one that eventually gains universal acceptance will surely have this anonymity The second innovation is a kind of software called public-key encryption.  It allows you to send a file or an email message that is "locked" in such a way that it can only be opened by the intended recipient.  The recipient, however, cannot open it until given a "key."  This "key" may then be used to encrypt a return message that can only be opened by the original sender.
Freelance visionary and tinkerer Jim Bell has been following both of these developments for the past few years.  Recently, he asked himself a couple of tough questions:  "How can we translate the freedom afforded by the Internet to ordinary life?"  How can we keep government from banning encryption, digital cash, and other systems that will improve our freedom?"
Suddenly, Bell had a revolutionary idea.  ("Revolutionary" is the word he uses, and it fits.)  You and me--the little guys, the ordinary working people of the world--could get together, all pitch in, and pay to have every rotten scoundrel in politics assassinated.  And we could do it legally.  Sort of.
Bell imagined an organization that would award "a cash prize to somebody who correctly 'predicted' the death of one of a list of violators of rights, usually either government employees, officeholders, or appointees.  It could ask for anonymous contributions from the public, and individuals would be able to send those contributions using digital cash."
He explains that "using modern methods of public-key encryption and anonymous digital cash, it would be possible to make such awards in such a way so that nobody knows who is getting awarded the money,  only that the award is being given.  Even the organization itself would have no information that could help the authorities find the person responsible for the prediction, let alone the one who caused the death."
Are you following this?  Let's say that we, the public, decide we've finally had enough of [insert name of villain].  Ten dollars from me, ten from you--suddenly there's a million dollars in a fund.  The money will go to the first person who can "predict" the date, time, and circumstances of the villain's death.  Obviously, this information is only known in advance by the assassin.
He sends an anonymous, "locked" message.  He kills the villain.  He sends the "key" to the message.  He has, without ever revealing his identity,  "correctly predicted" the murder.  The "key" that he has provided is then used to "lock the award money in a file that is then publicly posted on the Internet.  Only the person who originated the key may open the file and claim the digital cash.
In other words, public anger could finance cash awards for assassinations.  The organization that collected the money and announced a list of possible targets would never know about a crime in advance, and would never know the identity or whereabouts of a criminal.  It would not technically be guilty of conspiracy or complicity.
Jim Bell has thought about this a lot, and feels that the idea is technically feasible, practical, even foolproof.  Suppose for a moment he's right?  What are the implications?
World leaders live with the threat of assassination every day of their lives.  But at the local level, this could really have an impact.  And the "target" list wouldn't necessarily to politicians--any offensive public  personality would be fair game.  Picture yourself a year from now, sitting around with friends.   Somebody says, "Remember when Juice Newton got whacked?"   And you say, "Yeah--best ten bucks I ever spent."
Satisfying as it might be to declare war on asinine pop singers, Bell has a more civic-minded suggestion:  Let's kill all the car thieves.  He reasons that a very small number of career criminals are responsible for nearly all car thefts.  If one million car owners in a given metropolitan area contributed just four dollars a year, it would create $10,000 a day in "prize money" for the "predictor" of any car thief's death.
"Assuming that amount is far more than enough to get a typical car thief's 'friends' to 'off' him," he writes, "there is simply no way that a substantial car-theft subculture could possibly be maintained."
Jim as high hopes for his plan--he thinks it could eventually lead to the end of political tyranny.  But if you don't like this idea, he has others.  In a recent email exchange, I asked what he was doing now.
"I recommend that you rent the movie, "The Day the Earth Stood Still.," he answered.  "I'm working on a similar project."
[end of article]

@_date: 1996-02-25 06:56:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
I noted long ago that one disadvantage with having a single, standardized encryption chip (like Clipper, even with the key-escrow un-enabled) is that the NSA has plenty of money in its budget to build a fake chip that can be installed during a black-bag job.  True, if they could fake one chip they could fake 10, but it's harder to do and the demand for any single kind of chip might drop to one per year.   Unfortunately, a sufficiently-complex FPLD would probably sub for anything if it were in the right package...

@_date: 1996-02-25 07:36:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [Off topic] Re: Easy Nuclear Detonator 
What I anticipated, to tell you the truth, was a long intermediary thin tube (again, 1 mm diameter for concreteness, just as an example) BETWEEN a chamber surrounding the cap, and the secondary chamber.  (the secondary chamber would be carefully designed to spread the shock front evenly)   I fully intended to avoid all of the possible consequences of weird explosive modes in common blasting caps.
What really mystifies me is that you would think somebody who was intelligent enough to be capable of building a bomb could possibly be unaware of the strange behavior of common blasting caps?  Do you think we're all stupid out here?!?
Last time I talked to Dr. Edgerton in his lab (You _do_ know about Dr. Edgerton, don't you?!?  EG+G?), in about 1978 or so, he showed me some interesting pictures he had taken of blasting caps exploding, and the weird patterns they made.  Believe me, from that moment onwards I had no illusions about the predictability of the common blasting cap.  BTW, the reason Edgerton paid a bit of attention to ME, as opposed to every other lowly undergrad at MIT, was the fact that I did something he had tried many times and failed to do:  For my strobe laboratory project, I decided that I was going to photograph a popcorn kernel opening up at 10,000 frames per second.  He called it "impossible": I called it a challenge.  That is why I did the  project.  I showed him 11 frames taken a few weeks later.
Dr. Edgerton was suitably impressed.
f the openings to I don't expect you to be able to "use ESP" and anticipate all the exact mistakes somebody could make.  Rather, you should be willing to accept the principle, and explain how much inaccuracy is "too much," and try to give an example of an error that would produce an inaccuracy of this magnitude.  So far you've done none of this.  I have to conclude you were simply trolling, or intentionally spreading FUD (Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt) without genuinely trying to get involved in an interesting hypthetical idea.
BTW, while I do indeed consider this as purely hypothetical, on the offchance you're a FUDmeister from the government, you should be aware that _I'm_ fully aware that while the main form of radioactive emanation from Pu-239 is alphas which can be stopped by a piece of paper or a few inches of air, I am also fully aware that the decay produces a substantial quantity of gamma radiation (whose exact wavelengths and energies I can easily look up in my trusty CRC Handbook).   So don't bother flying an airplane equipped with a gamma ray detector over my house; while I haven't the inclination to do the calculations, were it important to do so I'd calculate the minimum thickness of lead required to reduce the gamma intensity to below-background levels (using gamma-ray cross section tables and the appropriate equations), double or triple it, _and_ ensure that anything I did manage to acquire would be invisible to even a secretly-placed nearby detector at all times.
And I'm also fully aware of ground-penetrating SAR (and the possibility of mobile variants) and JSTARS and terahertz radar, etc, so don't bother scanning.
But you should be able to estimate the magnitude of the errors.  Given a certain detonation velocity, for example, and assuming some sort of localized slowdown/speedup to to this velocity, you should be able to estimate (even if only accurate to a factor of 2-3) the amount of error present at that particular junction.  Again, the fact that you have never done even this rudimentary analysis is quite telling.  You've revealed nothing that I wasn't aware of, and that was apparently quite intentional.
More likely, I would have velocity-tested sample configurations down to 10 nsec accuracy, which would have revealed any unexpected error sources from temperature and/or pressure variation, as well as mechanical considerations such as bent tubing, etc... [stuff deleted]
Maybe that's the secret.  I already anticipated this.  If it's the government's motivation to keep "terrorists" from trying to build a bomb, then their first line of defense might be to make it appear more difficult than it really is.  They also know that secrets which are actually turned into running, installed hardware eventually leak to the public, meaning that it might actually be better to keep THEIR bombs complicated, and to not use simplifying hardware. Why do you keep mentioning "hydrazine explosives" when I didn't?  Are you some sort of "one-trick pony"?
method.  too Finally!  He's able to admit a MISTAKE!  If I had some, or for that matter if I even wanted some, would I be advertising the fact on an "NSA-required-reading" list BEFORE I'd done all this work?

@_date: 1996-02-27 11:43:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Ass. Politics 
A few people who basically seem to oppose my idea ("Assassination Politics") try to use the Rushdie example as being some sort of "evidence" why it wouldn't work.  ("If Rushdie is alive years later, with a few million on his head, that proves assassination doesn't work...")   I, on the contrary, believe that it actually SUPPORTS my theory:  Clearly, nobody has trusted Iran's leadership enough to genuinely believe he would be able to collect the reward, and thus the apparently size of the reward is discounted in people's minds.
When I respond to these objectors, I point out that if Iran was REALLY serious about expecting to see Rushdie dead, they would have long ago set up some sort of system, analogous to AsPol, that would allow an anonymous assassin to kill Rushdie and collect the reward, guaranteed, without risk of exposure.  Clearly, that hasn't happened.  (I think we would have heard about it if it had.)   This doesn't make the Iranians any more "civilized," obviously, it just means that they are either less competent or trustworthy about achieving their goals (or are seen to be so), or that they really don't want to/can't pay anybody the money for Rushdie's death.
I don't recall every seeing anyone even attempt to contradict this counter-argument; they always agree that nobody really believes anyone can safely and reliably collect the Rushdie reward.  Needless to say, this raises serious doubts  about the competence of many objectors to critically analyze the issues in AsPol.  It would be interesting to get Rushdie's opinion about AsPol.  It's understandable if he had an initial feeling of revulsion about such a system, on the other hand he should recognize that this system would also allow opponents of the Iranian government to eliminate those who called for his death in the first place.  It is reasonable to suppose that had this system been functioning years ago, Iran's government would have been taken down long ago.
I agree.  AsPol will work even if a few people can be protected, and protecting many people is simply not an option.

@_date: 1996-02-27 11:43:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
[Much quite-valid disgust with CKE (GAK!) deleted]
Instead of "and other adversaries," why didn't they just come out and say, "and Jim Bell"?  I feel left out!  Ignored!   Now I know how "the Professor and Mary Ann" felt.
This is a social slight I can't possibly tolerate!
Jim Bell, Adversary.
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen...   Something...Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-02-28 20:32:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: E$? Whatever 
You know, if I were a bank, I'd think twice before I hired a person named
"Crook" as the "top technology officer."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-02-29 18:43:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 10 
Assassination Politics Part 10:  "Non-Euclidean Thinking"  by Jim Bell
An interesting communication I had recently on the subject of "Assassination Politics."  My commentary is preceed with >> or nothing; the other person's commentary starts with a ">".  The subject is how to actually implement this sytem, and my first comment notices the fact that despite my efforts, the government has not attempted to use this issue to justify some sort of crackdown on net rights, or anything like that.
You're probably right about this.  I guess I'll have to think of something to change their minds, huh? have to Your logic is excellent.  But as strange as it may seem, there may be a different way...  Let's see, how do I explain?  First, a little diversion
that may or may not be relevant to this subject, but initially won't appear to be so.
Somewhere around 20-25 years ago, I read some item concerning Howard Hughes, the late billionaire.  It described the history of his business ventures, in fields such as aircraft ("Spruce Goose" is a well-known example) but also mentioned that Hughes Tool was (originally?) into oil-well drilling quipment.
I don't know how much you know about about oil well drilling and drill bits, but they look nothing like the classic fluted drill bits common in hardware stores.  Oil well dril bits consist of multiple ultra-hard carbide points mounted on rotating shafts mounted at the end of the drill "string," and these shafts must be connected to the main shaft with bearings.  They roll around on the rock, not sliding, and they "spall" off pieces of rock due to enormous applied pressure.
 Oil well drilling is done by lubricating the drilling operation with what is called "drilling mud," which is actually a slurry of solids in water, which is primarily used to cool the cutter and wash away the rock chips and dust produced in the operation.  Now, since the rotating cutter wheels must spin on their axis, that means they have to be run on shafts with bearings installed.  These bearings cannot be perfectly sealed and thus protected against rock and mud dust, and their useful lifetime is strongly limited by their quality.  And since every time they wear out the whole drill string has to be pulled from the well, that's an EXTREMELY expensive proposition for well-drillers.  So it should not be surprising that these guys considered bearing quality to be very, very important.  A little improvement was worth a lot of money.
"Quality", to a bearing manufacturer, is strongly related to surface hardness, and traditionally, the best bearings were (and, mostly, still are) the hardest.  But there's a problem:  Ultimately, a very hard circular bearing rotating on a very hard flat surface (especially if its heavily loaded) applies nearly all its for on a single point (for ball bearings) or on a single line (for roller bearings) and that eventually causes bearing failure.  So there was an upper limit, generally, on how good you could get in bearings.  And the hardest won.  Until Hughes.
[don't go to sleep yet... it gets relevent real soon]
According to the source I read, what Hughes Tool did that made them really rich was quite simple and counter-intuitive:  Rather than trying to make _his_ bearings as HARD as you can get, he made them SOFT, very soft, "almost as soft as lead."   (Which, if you know anything about metals, is very soft indeed.)  The bearings deformed on their raceways, spreading out the load over a far larger area, and the resulting bearings were the best in the business.  (He probably also applied a lot of research into how to avoid "metal fatigue," but that's quite another story.)
Very counter-intuitive, but he "won" precisely because he did exactly the opposite of what everyone "knew" was the proper way to go.  Okay, so that explains a genius who later became a billionaire who later turned into a neurotic, or worse.  "What," you will ask, "does this all have to do with Assassination Politics?"
Well, to draw an observation originally posited in an an essay titled the "Libertech Project," about 7 years ago, libertarians (of all people) are "non-Euclidean thinkers."  Basically, this means that we recognize that the best way to go from "point A" to "point B" is NOT NECESSARILY a straight line.  And like Columbus, who sailed west in order to go east, sometimes it is necessary to sit down, and totally re-think your strategy if you're trying to accomplish some goal.
By "classical" thinking, "Assassination Politics" would have to be the best, tightest-security, more protected organization that has ever existed on the face of this planet.  Just about EVERY powerful person would want to kill anybody who had anything to do with such a system.  The codes would have to be unbreakable, the remailers would have to be certain, but most importantly, each and every participant would have to be perfectly anonymous to even have a prayer of pulling it off.  Especially the operators of such a system.  Especially them.
That's classical thinking.  And that's what I thought a few months ago.  I thought, "it's do-able, but it's gonna be a lot of work!"
But let's suppose, for a moment, that somebody "pulls a Hughes."  Rather
than trying to make the hardest bearings in the world, why doesn't somebody try to make the softest?  Rather than trying their darndest to stay anonymous, or wait
and let somebody else implement this system, why not just "let it all hang out," (as the saying went in the 1960's) and publicly announce that they're implementing this system, come hell or high water, and invite anyone who wants to participate to help form what will be the LAST revolution on earth, the one that'll take down ALL the governments.
This sounds crazy, right?  I mean, who wants to die?  Who wants to commit suicide just to... just to... just to... make an ENTIRE WORLD FREE FOREVER?  Free from wars, militaries, governments, taxes, political oppression.  Free from the kind of totalitarian governments that existed and currently exist.  Free from the Holocausts that have killed Jews, Cambodians, Armenians, Russian Kulaks, Iraqi Kurds, Chinese dissidents, Native Americans, and oh so many others? "Who, exactly, would be stupid enough to risk death to make the world free???"
Everyone who volunteered to fight to fight Hitler, to name just one example. Remember, or have we forgotten so soon, that occasionally people die to keep the rest of us free.  That's the way it's been for hundreds of years.  The United States of America was founded by people who risked death to shake off the yoke of a government that was, by the standards of the day, not particularly bad.  Think about it.  Somebody had to be the first one to start banging on the Berlin Wall, with a sledgehammer,  in 1989.  Somebody had to be the first to walk through.  Somebody had to be the first to stand up and say, "Enough!"  And the ironic thing is, the most strangely unusual thing, is that the entire Eastern Bloc fell, almost bloodlessly, in a couple weeks, because one by one everybody realized that all that's sometimes required is to finally stand up and be counted, and to just say no to the government.  When the time was right, all it took was a slight push and the dominoes tumbled down. Now, don't get me wrong.  I'm not suggesting that EVERYONE would be identified.  The "donors" to the system would remain perfectly anonymous, and the "guessers" would likewise be perfectly anonymous, but the organization itself would be made up of real people, who have published addresses, who have simply decided that they have had enough of the current system and are going to participate in a PERFECTLY LEGAL enterprise by the laws of the country, and just DARE the government to try to stop them.
The organization wouldn't have to buy ads; the publicity firestorm would be enormous.  Suddenly, all the politicians would be put on the spot!  Instead of being asked by the reporters for their position on the economy, pollution, the budget deficit, or some other thing, they'll ask, "Why should the public NOT want to see you dead?"
When would be the best time to do it?  Why, during a major political campaign!  When Congress is out of session, and they can't pass
legislation without calling some sort of emergency session.  But it won't matter anyway, for a few weeks the organization doesn't actually have to take bets or make payments, they'll merely publicize their efforts for all to see.  To reassure the public, they could announce that they'll only take bets on elected and appointed political officeholders...and anyone who tries to stop the system.   And the politicians will be scurrying around, looking for political cover, trying to figure out how to NOT look scared, but at the same time each is wondering if he'll be the first to go.  And all the while, the public will be loving it, laughing at the efforts of the politicos to cover their collective asses, and taking private bets among themselves on who will be the first one to die.
Prosecute the participants?  On what charge?  "Conspiracy to commit gambling"?  Which prosecutor would risk appearing to be impeding the progress of a useful system?   At that point, the organization's members will just be publicly exercising their first-amendment rights.  Which judge would take the case?  Now THEY'RE on the spot, THEY have to decide what to do.  I contend that in an election year, before the election, there would be mass resignations from Congress, or members deciding "it's just not fun anymore" and decline to return even if re-elected, as well as the complete loss of whatever residual confidence the public has in the government. Whew!  Is this all just wishful thinking?  I really don't know!

@_date: 1996-02-29 18:48:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
"Assassination Politics" Part 9, by Jim Bell, February 27, 1996
For about a year I have been considering the implications of "Assassination Politics," and for more than six months I've been sharing the subject and my musings with you, the interested reader.  I've also been debating the issue with all comers, a self-selected bunch who range from enthusiastic proponents to clueless critics.  Ironically, some of you have even chided me for "wasting time" with some of the less perceptive among my numerous "opponents."  In defense, my response has always been that when I respond to a person, I do it not primarily for his benefit, but for others who might be fence-sitting and are waiting to see if my idea will break down anywhere. If there is anything which has fascinated me as much as the original idea, it is this vast and dramatic disparity between these  various responses.  It's been called everything from "a work of genius" to "atrocious," and probably much worse!  Clearly, there must be a fundamental, social issue here that needs to be resolved.
While nobody has quite yet said it in those terms, I'm sure that more than one of you have probably wanted to react to my prose with the line, "See a shrink!"  [American slang for a psychriatrist, for the international readers out there.]  Well, in a sense that's exactly what I did, but the "shrink" I "saw" had been dead for over five  decades:  Sigmund Freud.  Much to my surprise, I was handed a copy of a book, Introduction to Great Books (ISBN 0-945159-97-8) which contained (page 7) a letter from Freud to Albert Einstein.  On page 6, there is an introduction, describing the reason for this communication.   It says:
"In 1932, the League of Nations asked Albert Einstein to choose a problem of interest to him and to exchange views with someone about it.  Einstein chose "Is there any way of delivering mankind from the menace of war?" as his problem and Sigmund Freud as his correspondent.  In his letter to Freud, Einstein said that one way of eliminating war was to establish a supranational organization with the authority to settle disputes between nationas and power to enforce its decisions.  But Einstein acknowledged that this solution dealt only with the administrative aspect of the problem, and that international security could never be achieved until more was known about human psychology.  Must right always be supported by might?  Was everyone susceptible to feelings of hate and destructiveness?  It was to these questions Freud addressed himself in his reply."  Interestingly enough, when I first started thinking about the idea that I would later term "Assassination Politics," I was not intending to design a system that had the capability to eliminate war and militaries.  What I was targeting, primarily, was political tyranny.  By my standards, that included not merely totalitarian governments but also ones that many of us would consider far more benign, in particular the Federal government of the United States of America, "my" country.  Only after I had thought of the fundamental principle of allowing large numbers of citizens to do away with unwanted politicians was I "forced," by my work up to that point, to address the issue of the logical consequences of the operation of that system, which (by "traditional" ways of thinking) would leave this country without leaders, or a government, or a military, in a world with many threats.  I was left with the same fundamental problem that's plagued the libertarian analysis of forming a country in a world dominated by non-libertarian states:  It was not clear how such a country could defend itself from agression if it could not force its citizens to fight.
Only then did I realize that if this system could work within a single country, it could also work worldwide, eliminating threats from outside the country as well as corrupt politicians within.  And shortly thereafter, I realized that not only could this occur, such a spread was absolutely inevitable, by the very nature of modern communications across the Internet, or older technologies such as the telephone, fax, or even letters written on paper.  In short, no war need ever occur again, because no dispute would ever involve more than a tiny number of people at any one time.  Further, no tyrant would ever be able to rise to the level of leader, leading his country into a destructive war against the wishes of his more reasonable citizens.  He would be opposed, logically enough, by the citizens of the country he intended to war with, obviously, but he would also draw the ire of citizens within his own country who either didn't want to pay the taxes to support a wasteful war, or lose their sons and daughters in pointless battles, or for that matter were simply opposed to participating in the agression.  Together, all these potentially-affected peoples would unite (albeit quite anonymously, even from each other) and destroy the tyrant before he had the opportunity to make the war.
I was utterly astonished.  Seemingly, and without intending to do so, I had provided a solution for the "war" problem that has plagued mankind for millennia.  But had I?  I really don't know.  I do know, however, that very few people have challenged me on this particular claim, despite what would normally appear to be its vast improbability.  While some of the less perceptive critics of "Assassination Politics" have accused me of eliminating war and replace it with something that will end up being worse, it is truly amazing that more people haven't berated me for not only believing in the impossible, but also believing that the impossible is now actually inevitable!
A little more than a week ago, I was handed this book, and asked to read Freud's letter, by a person who was aware of my "little" philosophical quandary.  I began to read Freud's letter in response to Einstein, having never read any other word Freud had written, and  having read essentially none of the works of the giants of Philosophy.  (Now, of course, I feel tremendously guilty at the omission in my education, but I've always been attracted more to the "hard sciences," like chemistry, physics, mathematics, electronics, and computers.)  Since this letter was specifically on war, and the question of  whether man could ever avoid it, I felt perhaps it would contain some fact or argument that would correct what was simply a temporary, false impression in my mind. Simultaneously, I was hopeful that I might end up being right, but alternatively hoped that if wrong, I would be soon corrected.  I was fearful that I was wrong, but also fearful that there would be nothing in this essay that would assist me in my analysis of the situation.  About a third of the way through Freud's letter, I had my answer.  Below, I show a segment of Freud's reply, perhaps saving the whole letter for inclusion into a later part of this ongoing essay.  While I could drastically oversimplify the situation and state, "Freud was wrong!," it turns out that this brief conclusion is at best highly misleading and at worst flirting with dishonesty.  By far the greater part of Freud's analysis makes a great deal of sense to me, and I would say he's probably correct.  But it is at one point that I believe he goes just a bit wrong, although for reasons which are entirely understandable and even predictable, given the age in which he lived.  It must be remembered, for example, that Freud was born into an era where the telephone was a new invention, broadcast radio was non-existent, and newspapers were the primary means that news was communicated to the public.  It would be highly unreasonable for us to have expected Freud to have anticipated developments such as the Internet, anonymous digital cash, and good public-key encryption. In some sense, at that point, my biggest regret was that I couldn't discuss the issue with either of these two communicants, Freud having died in 1939, and Einstein in 1955, after having helped initiate research that led to the development of the atomic bomb, the weapon that for decades and even now, makes it absolutely, vitally important to eliminate the possibility of war from the world.
 But I'll let Dr. Freud speak, as he spoke over sixty years ago, because he has much to say:
"Such then, was the original state of things:  domination by whoever had the greater might--domination by brute violence or by violence supported by intellect.  As we know, this regime was altered in the course of evolution.  There was a path that led from violence to right or law.  What was that path?  It is my belief that there was only one:  the path which led by way of the fact that the superior strength of a single individual could be rivaled by the union of several weak ones.  "L'union fait la force." [French; In union there is strength.]  Violence could be broken by union, and the power of those who were united now represented law in contrast to the violence of the single individual.  Thus we see that right is the might of a community.  It is still violence, ready to be directed against any individual who resists it; it works by the same methods and follows the same purposes.  The only real difference lies in the fact that what prevails is no longer the violence of an individual but that of a community."
[But below is where I think Freud falls into a certain degree of error, perhaps not by the standards and realities of _his_ day, but those of ours.  My comments are in square brackets, [], and Freud's comments are quoted "".   Freud continues: ]
"But in order that the transition from violence to this new right or justice may be effected, one psychological condition must be fulfilled.  The union of the majority must be a stable and lasting one.   If it were only brought about for the purpose of combating a single dominant individual and were dissolved after his defeat, nothing would be accomplished. The next person who though himself superior in strength would once more seek to set up a dominion by violence and the game would be repeated ad infinitum.  The community must be maintained permanently, must be organized, must draw up regulations to anticipate the risk of rebellion and must institute authorities to see that those regulations--the laws-- are respected and to superintend the execution of legal acts of violence.  The recognition of a community of interests such as these leads to the growth of emotional ties between the members of a united group of people--communal feelings which are the true source of its strength."     [end of Freud's quote]
[Those of you who truly comprehend the idea of "Assassination Politics" will, I'm confident, understand exactly why I considered this segment of Freud's letter to be important enough to include, and will probably also recognize why I consider Freud's analysis to go wrong, albeit for comparatively minor and understandable reasons.  I will address the last paragraph in greater detail, to explain what I mean.  I will repeat Freud's words, and address each of his points from the standpoint of today's situation and technology.]
"But in order that the transition from violence to this new right or justice may be effected, one psychological condition must be fulfilled.  The union of the majority must be a stable and lasting one." [In a sense, Freud is absolutely correct:  Whatever system is chosen to "govern" a society, it must continue to operate "forever." ]  Freud continues:
" If it were only brought about for the purpose of combating a single dominant individual and were dissolved after his defeat, nothing would be [This is where the problem begins to creep in.  Freud is leading up to justifying the existence of a formal government as he knew them in the 1930's, based on the continuing need for keeping the peace.  The first, and I think, the most obvious problem is that Freud seems to implicitly assume that the purpose of the union will actually be fulfilled by the formation of a government.  Freud, who died in 1939, didn't see what his survivors saw, a "legitimate" government in Germany having killed millions of people in the Holocaust, or many other incidents subsequent to that.  And Freud, whose letter was written in 1932, was probably not aware of the slaughter of the Russian Kulaks in the late 1920's and early 1930's, or the purges which followed.  Freud could have felt, generally, that the problems with a country's governance were caused either by inadequate government or simply a rare example of government gone bad.  We know, to the contrary, that governments very frequently "go bad," in the sense of violating citizen's rights and abusing the power entrusted to them.  Few may end up killing millions, but to assume that we must continue to tolerate governments just because they don't go quite as far as Nazi Germany would be foolish in the [The second problem is the implicit assumption that the long-term control he (correctly) sees MUST come from an organization like a traditional government.  True, in the era in which Freud lived, that conclusion made a great deal of sense, because a well-functioning government appeared superior to none at all.  And it was at least plausible that such control COULD come from a government.  But as the old saying goes, "Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely."] [To use a house's thermostat as an analogy, but differently than I did in "Assassination Politics part 6," a person who lived in an era before automatic furnace thermostats would always conclude that a person's efforts would have to be continually directed towards maintaining an even temperature in his house, by adding fuel or limiting it, by adding more air or restricting, etc.  To the extent that this manual control constitutes a "government," he will believe that this hands-on control will always be necessary.  But we now live in a time where a person's time is rarely directed towards this effort, the function having been taken over by automatic thermostats which are cheap, reliable, and accurate.  They are also, incidentally, essentially "uncorruptible," in the sense that they don't fail except for "understandable" reasons, and repair is cheap and easy.  (And a thermostat can never be bribed, or get tired, or have its own interests at heart and begin to subvert your own commands.)   Quite simply, the progress of technology has put control of temperature in the hands of an automatic, error-free system that is so reliable as to be ignorable most of the time.]
[I argue that likewise, the progress of technology would allow an automatic system to be set up, which I called "Assassination Politics" (but could probably use a more apt name, since its application extends far beyond the issue of politics) different from traditional government, a difference somewhat analogous to the difference between a person's full-time efforts and an automatic thermostat.  Aside from the dramatic reduction in effort involved, an automatic system would eliminate the errors caused by inattention by the operator, such as leaving, falling asleep, or other temporary lack of concentration.  These failures are somewhat analogous to the failure or misbehavior of a corruptible or indifferent or even a malicious government.]  [This makes a government like Freud saw totally unnecessary.  Of course, Freud could not have anticipated the technological developments that would make an "automatic" replacement for government even possible, and thus he followed his contemporary paradigms and sought to justify the governments as they then existed.]  Freud continues:
"The next person who thought himself superior in strength would once more seek to set up a dominion by violence and the game would be repeated ad [This statement is correct, but I think it misses the point:  Many functions of individuals and machines are never "completed", and must "be repeated ad infinitum."  (The most basic example:  If we are optimistic about the future of the human race, by definition reproduction and survival must be "repeated ad infinitum.")   That does not mean that the mechanism which handles that need must be any more complicated that the minimum necessary to achieve the control needed.  I agree that a system of long-term control is necessary; where I disagree with Freud is simply that I believe that a vastly better method of control now can potentially exist than the traditional governments that he knew.  To the extent that he couldn't have anticipated the Internet, anonymous digital cash, and good encryption, he had no reason to believe that government could be "automated" and taken out of the hands of a tiny fraction of the population, a fraction which is corruptible, malicious, and self-interested.  Also, by not being aware of modern technology, he is unaware how easy it has become, conceptually, for people to come together for their self-defense, if that self-defense required only a few kilobytes be sent over fiber-optic cables to a central registry.  Freud's objection to an "endlessly repeating" system breaks down in this case, so his conclusion need not be considered valid.]
Freud continues:
"The community must be maintained permanently, must be organized, must draw up regulations to anticipate the risk of rebellion and must institute authorities to see that those regulations--the laws-- are respected and to superintend the execution of legal acts of violence."
[Again, I think Freud misses the point.  He refers to "the risk of rebellion," but I think he forgets that the main reason for "rebellion" is the abuse by the government then in control. (Naturally, it looks differently from the standpoint of that government!)   If the latter problem could be eliminated, "rebellion" would simply never occur, for there would be no reason for it.  If those that were "rebelling" were in the wrong, violating somebody's rights, then my "Assassination Politics" system would be able to take care of it.  This, presumably and understandably, Freud could never have foreseen. Also, Freud does not address the question of whether or not the government which promulgates those laws is doing so in a way
primarily for the benefit of the public, or those who populate the government itself. Graft was well known if Freud's time; it seems to me that he should have addressed the question of whether or not an entity called a "government" could actually achieve the benefits he claims justify the government, without being subverted by those who control it, for their own interests.  If not, then there is certainly a issue to be addressed:  At what point do the depradations of a parasitic government exceed its benefits?  And can we find a way to do without it?]  Freud continues:
"The recognition of a community of interests such as these leads to the growth of emotional ties between the members of a united group of people--communal feelings which are the true source of its strength."     [this is end of the portion of Freud's letter which I quote here.]
One of the interesting things about this statement is that it is the development of tools such as the Internet which will be eliminating the very concept of "foreign" and "foreigner."  They will become artificial distinctions.  There is clearly much precedent for this, from the country in which I live, America.  When formed, it contained people whose primary loyalty was to their _state,_ not to the Federal government as a whole. Even our civil war, from 1861 to 1865, was based on loyalty to states or regions, rather than the country as a whole.   To cite just one example, myself, while I reside in the state called Washington, I've lived in a number of other states, but I don't consider myself loyal to any particular state.  (Perhaps using myself as an example is misleading, because at this point I don't consider myself "loyal" to any government at all!)
In fact, later in Freud's letter, he says, "Anything that encourages the growth of emotional ties between men must operate against war."  Sadly, Freud did not live to see the development of the Internet, and the massive international communication which it has already begun to foster.  In _his_ day, the ordinary people of one country and another rarely communicated, except perhaps for letters with relatives from "the old country" that emigrated.  The idea of going to war with people from whom you get email on a daily basis is, in itself, a "foreign concept" to me, and I hope it will remain so!  In that sense, Freud was very right:  "Assassination Politics" active or not, it will be much harder for governments to whip up their citizens into a frenzy to kill the enemy if they can type to them every day.
Frustratingly left unanswered is a question whose answer I'd like to know:  Could I have convinced Freud, or Einstein, that "Assassination Politics" is not only a necessary or even an unavoidable system, but also a GOOD one?  Could I convince them today, had they miraculously survived until today, aware of the last 64 years of history subsequent to their correspondence?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen...      Something...Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-01-03 12:00:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
It seems to me that phone line costs are turning into a floor price for
Internet access, when they shouldn't really be.  The main asset telephone
companies have, right now, is in RIGHTS OF WAY.  Put an ISP in a business
park that allows you to run  your own dedicated copper pairs, and you've
bypassed $25/month/line business phone line charges. At some point, individual urban and suburban blocks could easily be
"guerilla re-wired" for ISP access without serious trenching, etc.  The
phoneco would still be involved, but in a far lower-profit mode, as the
supplier of a single T1 to a multi-block area.

@_date: 1996-01-03 18:28:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
Yes, you're absolutely right.  It would be great if some entrepreneur could
buy a T1, put up a 2000 MHz (or somewhere around that; whatever frequency
was allocated appropriately) local "cellular" data system which would be
able to connect to up to, say, 100 simultaneous  or so local users using
modems little more complicated than a current 900 MHz cordless phone.  Okay,
maybe all this stuff is already being worked on at a few dozen or hundred
companies around the globe, but I can't wait...  Question:  Is this the "Qualcomm" that does the Internet access software, or
the "Qualcomm" who builds the wireless amps/filters/hardware/etc?   Or is it
all the same company?!?

@_date: 1996-01-03 20:11:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
As a ham, too (N7IJS) I recognize your implicit selection of 2m or 450 MHz.
But I gently object to this, for reasons that I think will be obvious.
First, technology has been marching on in the last 10-20 years, and
communications frequencies of 2 GHz and more are technically do-able and
comparatively empty.  (and with modern IC  technology, even easy)
Secondly,  ham gear tends to be used for long-range communication (miles and
watts) and generally has little or no ability to frequency hop/time hop or
to automatically turn down transmitter power to be able to share frequencies
over short distances (low milliwatts or even microwatts).  Those high
gigahertz frequencies would be ideal for communication over a few blocks
distance.  (Sure, packet has been done for years but it is a still-born
development;  they still think 9600 bps is a "fast" modem speed.)
I forsee  locally-owned boxes that are the equivalent of a wireless phone
switch implementing re-used freuqency microcells; the cost SHOULD be far
lower than the current copperline phone systems, once the telephones are
paid for.  And they shouldn't cost much more than current 900 MHz cordless
telephones, too.

@_date: 1996-01-03 21:09:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
As I understand the physics, the whole process could be made FAR FAR FAR
more efficient if the rocket was boosted to about 40000 feet with a subsonic
airplane, a' la' X-15 and such.  It's above 75% of the earth's atmosphere
(dramatically reduced drag), is already going 600 mph in the correct
direction, and is 8 miles closer to the  ultimate goal 250 miles up).  This
might not sound like much of an advantage, but if you've ever worked out the
mathematics of the Saturn V (or space shuttle, etc), the VAST majority of
the fuel was used up in the first 20,000 feet, maybe even the first 5000
feet.  It would be even better if the first stage could be an air-breathing
supersonic ramjet, but that's not my field of expertise.
In addition, the existence of relatively low-cost GPS receivers would make
achieving an accurate orbit vastly cheaper than with the inertial guidance
systems historically used.  Sure, cheap accelerometers are being sold by
Analog Devices and Murata Erie sells cheap vibrational gyros (not to mention
fiber gyros) but it would be hard to beat the accuracy you could get with GPS.

@_date: 1996-01-04 01:40:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
To a certain extent, I think this is (or should be!) VERY MUCH "on topic."
If our goal is to allow/assist privacy, we need to start actually
anticipating technological developments so that we can do "minor course
corrections" that will end up guaranteeing unbreakable security.  One of
these is by routing data through organizations (NOT THE PHONE CO!) that
won't tend to kow-tow to the wishes of the government.  We know that if this
telephone-company bypass is done, it can either be done "right" (from a
cypherpunks standpoint; so that it's including encryption, etc) or "wrong."
If we don't plan ahead, it will almost certainly be done "wrong."   Witness
the fact that the vast majority of modems contain no encryption standard,
for example.  If USR or somebody else had mandated it in 1982 with 2400 bps
modems, we might all be talking on encrypted lines already.
And as you pointed out, this is especially important if RF is the
medium-of-choice for connections.  We should definitely make a serious
amount of contact with people working on the PCS standards to ensure that
GOOD encryption is included.

@_date: 1996-01-04 02:17:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
Interestingly enough, my primary objection was NOT really commercial
encroachment on an existing amateur structure (though that is an important
consideration!); rather, it was the fact that because we're talking really
short-range communication (way less than a kilometer, in most cases) using
frequencies below a gigahertz would be a counter-productive shame.  Here, we
WANT "line of sight"!  And, of course, the bandwidth issue is inherently
better:  It would be FAR easier to get 100 MHz width at around 2.5 GHz than
under 1 gig!
I get a free (bingo-card) magazine industry magazine called "Microwaves and
RF," which is sort of the EDN for the high-frequency communication crowd.
You'd be amazed at the level of technical (chip) development there.  Chip
sets that do frequency synthesis/full RF/IF on surface mount chips.    Jim Bell, N7IJS
(BTW, I use Eudora, and I have PGP.  Could somebody explain how to PGP-sign
messages, ideally EASILY?)

@_date: 1996-01-04 07:07:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Windows Eudora and PGP 
[sigh]  Just what I thought, no easy solutions.  Well, for now I'll just
skip signing; I haven't had any problem (that I know of...knock on silicon)
with forged messages, and my normal posts are so enthusiastically anarchical
and inflammatory that the only way anybody could really embarrass me is to
forge a message, ostensibly from me, saying I agreed with some governmental
activity somewhere.
Please do...

@_date: 1996-01-04 13:23:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla ISPs 
Even admittedly with no evidence, I tend to disagree.  I think the world
needs cable-driven "mostly-one-way" Internet access for the same reason we
need both:
1.  Magazines/books (few to many) vs. snail-mail (1-to-1 communication).
2.  Television/radio (few to many)  vs. telephones (1-to-1 communication).
If, as I've heard, you could broadcast 28 mbits per second down a
6-megahertz cable line, that's a lot of "news, weather, and sports" to be
broadcast to EVERYONE, similar to newspapers.  Imagine the entire contents
of USENET,  plus a goodly supply of (encrypted) individual mail, etc.  The
contents of every newspaper in the country, transmitted a few times every
day, etc.
No idea.  Wish I knew.

@_date: 1996-01-04 13:23:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 2047 bit keys in PGP 
It seems to me that the best argument AGAINST supporting (and using) keys
greater than 2048 bits is the false sense of security created.  Even
1024-bit keys will probably be safe for decades if just the algorithm is
concerned.  Far more threatening are various other attacks, including RF
snooping in combination with specialized viruses, as well as black-bag jobs
on hardware.
Why build a castle with a front wall a mile high when the back wall is a
5-foot chain-link fence?!?

@_date: 1996-01-05 02:12:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Deterrence" 
Recently, Kevin Wheeler (on NWLIBERTARIANS at TELEPORT.COM) expressed what I
consider to be odd (at least for him; I can easily deal with Benneth's crap)
(and a bit belated) objections to my desire to use technology to prevent
government from oppressing the public. If anybody "out there" wants to know "where I come from" on the subject of
using technology to thwart the state, it would be difficult to find a better
statement of the reasoning than the following, an essay written in 1987 by
Chuck Hammill titled "FROM CROSSBOWS TO CRYPTOGRAPHY:  THWARTING THE STATE
VIA TECHNOLOGY.   It is interesting to note, I think, that this essay
predates both the "fall of Communism" in 1989 as well as the writing of the
first version of PGP later.  It it further interesting to observe that in
the intervening time period, the main focus of the apparent threat to
freedom has shifted from those ex-communist nations to "Western" and
ostensibly "free nations'" governments.
I downloaded my copy from FIDOnet about 2.5 years ago, which due to the
limitations of that medium was cut up into chunks about 150 lines long.  The
message was originally signed with PGP, but due to this chopping operation
it is certain the signatures can't possibly match.  I also credit the person
who uploaded it to FIDO, Russell Whitaker.
+++++++++++++  re-print follows +++++++++++++
 Area: Liberty   Msg 480                                          Date:
04-28-93  04:06
  From: Libernet (russell E. Whit                    Read: Yes    Replied: No )
    To: All                                          Mark:                       Subj: From Crossbows to Cryptog
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Please note that the following speech was made by Chuck Hammill
in 1987.  Address all letters to his address, given at the end
of this document.
     -- Russell
  FROM CROSSBOWS TO CRYPTOGRAPHY:  THWARTING THE STATE VIA
                     TECHNOLOGY
  Given at the Future of Freedom Conference, November 1987
     You   know,   technology--and   particularly   computer
technology--has often gotten a bad rap in  Libertarian  cir-
cles.  We tend to think of Orwell's 1984, or Terry Gilliam's
Brazil,  or  the  proximity  detectors keeping East Berlin's
slave/citizens on their own side of the border, or  the  so-
phisticated  bugging  devices  Nixon used to harass those on
his "enemies list."  Or, we recognize that for the price  of
a  ticket  on  the Concorde we can fly at twice the speed of
sound, but only if we first walk thru a magnetometer run  by
a  government  policeman, and permit him to paw thru our be-
longings if it beeps.
     But I think that mind-set is a mistake.   Before  there
were cattle prods, governments tortured their prisoners with
clubs  and  rubber  hoses.    Before  there  were lasers for
eavesdropping, governments used binoculars and  lip-readers.
Though  government certainly uses technology to oppress, the
evil lies not in the tools but in the wielder of the tools.
     In fact, technology represents one of the most  promis-
ing  avenues  available  for  re-capturing our freedoms from
those who have stolen them.  By its very nature,  it  favors
the  bright  (who can put it to use) over the dull (who can-
not).  It favors the adaptable (who are  quick  to  see  the
merit  of  the  new  (over  the sluggish (who cling to time-
tested ways).  And what two better words are  there  to  de-
scribe government bureaucracy than "dull" and "sluggish"?
     One  of  the  clearest,  classic triumphs of technology
over tyranny I see is  the  invention  of  the  man-portable
crossbow.   With it, an untrained peasant could now reliably
and lethally engage a target out to  fifty  meters--even  if
that  target  were  a mounted, chain-mailed knight.  (Unlike
the longbow, which, admittedly was more powerful, and  could
get  off  more shots per unit time, the crossbow required no
formal training to utilize.   Whereas the  longbow  required
elaborate  visual,  tactile  and kinesthetic coordination to
achieve any degree of accuracy, the wielder  of  a  crossbow
could simply put the weapon to his shoulder, sight along the
arrow  itself, and be reasonably assured of hitting his tar-
     Moreover, since just about  the  only  mounted  knights
likely  to  visit  your  average peasant would be government
soldiers and tax collectors, the utility of the  device  was
plain:    With it, the common rabble could defend themselves
not only against one another, but against their governmental
masters.   It was the  medieval  equivalent  of  the  armor-
piercing  bullet,  and, consequently, kings and priests (the
medieval equivalent of a  Bureau  of  Alcohol,  Tobacco  and
Crossbows)  threatened  death  and  excommunication, respec-
tively, for its unlawful possession.
     Looking at later developments, we  see  how  technology
like  the  firearm--particularly the repeating rifle and the
handgun, later followed by the Gatling gun and more advanced
machine guns--radically altered the balance of interpersonal
and inter-group power.  Not without reason was the Colt  .45
called "the equalizer."  A frail dance-hall hostess with one
in  her  possession  was  now  fully able to protect herself
against the brawniest roughneck in any saloon.    Advertise-
ments  for  the period also reflect the merchandising of the
repeating cartridge  rifle  by  declaring  that  "a  man  on
horseback,  armed with one of these rifles, simply cannot be
captured."  And, as long as his captors  were  relying  upon
flintlocks  or  single-shot rifles, the quote is doubtless a
true one.
     Updating now to  the  present,  the  public-key  cipher
(with  a  personal  computer to run it) represents an equiv-
alent quantum leap--in a defensive weapon.    Not  only  can
such  a technique be used to protect sensitive data in one's
own possession, but it can also permit two strangers to  ex-
change   information   over   an   insecure   communications
channel--a  wiretapped   phone   line,   for   example,   or
skywriting, for that matter)--without ever having previously
met  to  exchange cipher keys.   With a thousand-dollar com-
puter, you can create a cipher that  a  multi-megabuck  CRAY
X-MP  can't  crack in a year.  Within a few years, it should
be economically feasible to similarly encrypt voice communi-
cations; soon after that, full-color digitized video images.
Technology will not only have made wiretapping obsolete,  it
will  have  totally demolished government's control over in-
formation transfer.
     I'd like to take just a moment to sketch the  mathemat-
ics  which makes this principle possible.  This algorithm is
called the RSA algorithm, after Rivest, Shamir, and  Adleman
who  jointly created it.  Its security derives from the fact
that, if a very large number is  the  product  of  two  very
large  primes,  then it is extremely difficult to obtain the
two prime factors from analysis  of  their  product.    "Ex-
tremely"  in  the  sense that if primes  p  and  q  have 100
digits apiece, then their 200-digit product cannot  in  gen-
eral be factored in less than 100 years by the most powerful
computer now in existence.
     The  "public" part of the key consists of (1) the prod-
uct  pq  of the two large primes p and q, and (2)  one  fac-
tor,  call it  x  , of the product  xy  where  xy = {(p-1) *
(q-1) + 1}.  The "private" part of the key consists  of  the
other factor  y.
     Each  block of the text to be encrypted is first turned
into an integer--either by using ASCII,  or  even  a  simple
A=01,  B=02,  C=03, ... , Z=26 representation.  This integer
is then raised to the power  x (modulo pq) and the resulting
integer is then sent as the encrypted message.  The receiver
decrypts by taking this integer to the  (secret)  power    y
(modulo  pq).  It can be shown that this process will always
yield the original number started with.
     What makes this a groundbreaking development,  and  why
it  is  called  "public-key"  cryptography,"  is  that I can
openly publish the product  pq and the number   x   ,  while
keeping  secret  the number  y  --so that anyone can send me
an encrypted message, namely
                       x
                     a    (mod pq)  ,
but only I can recover the original message  a  , by  taking
what  they  send, raising it to the power  y  and taking the
result (mod pq).  The risky step (meeting to exchange cipher
keys) has been eliminated.  So people who may not even trust
each other enough to want to meet, may  still  reliably  ex-
change  encrypted  messages--each  party having selected and
disseminated his own  pq  and his  x  ,   while  maintaining
the secrecy of his own  y.
     Another benefit of this scheme is the notion of a "dig-
ital signature," to enable one to authenticate the source of
a given message.  Normally, if I want to send you a message,
I raise my plaintext  a  to your x and take the result  (mod
your pq)  and send that.
    However,  if in my message, I take the plaintext  a and
raise it to my (secret) power  y  , take the result  (mod my
pq), then raise that result to your x   (mod  your  pq)  and
send this, then even after you have normally "decrypted" the
message,  it  will still look like garbage.  However, if you
then raise it to my public power x   , and take  the  result
(mod  my public pq  ), so you will not only recover the ori-
ginal plaintext message, but you will know that no one but I
could have sent it to you (since no one else knows my secret
     And these are the very concerns by the way that are to-
day tormenting the Soviet Union about the whole question  of
personal  computers.    On the one hand, they recognize that
American schoolchildren are right now growing up  with  com-
puters  as commonplace as sliderules used to be--more so, in
fact, because there are things computers can do  which  will
interest  (and instruct) 3- and 4-year-olds.  And it is pre-
cisely these students who one generation hence will be going
head-to-head against their Soviet  counterparts.    For  the
Soviets  to  hold  back might be a suicidal as continuing to
teach swordsmanship  while  your  adversaries  are  learning
ballistics.    On  the  other hand, whatever else a personal
computer may be, it is also an exquisitely efficient copying
machine--a floppy disk will hold upwards of 50,000 words  of
text,  and  can  be  copied in a couple of minutes.  If this
weren't threatening enough, the computer that  performs  the
copy  can also encrypt the data in a fashion that is all but
unbreakable.  Remember that in Soviet society  publicly  ac-
cessible  Xerox  machines are unknown.   (The relatively few
copying machines in existence  are  controlled  more  inten-
sively than machine guns are in the United States.)
     Now  the  "conservative" position is that we should not
sell these computers to the Soviets, because they could  use
them  in weapons systems.  The "liberal" position is that we
should sell them, in  the  interests  of  mutual  trade  and
cooperation--and  anyway,  if  we don't make the sale, there
will certainly be some other nation willing to.
     For my part, I'm ready to suggest that the  Libertarian
position should be to give them to the Soviets for free, and
if  necessary, make them take them . . . and if that doesn't
work load up an SR-71  Blackbird  and  air  drop  them  over
Moscow in the middle of the night.  Paid for by private sub-
scription, of course, not taxation . . . I confess that this
is not a position that has gained much support among members
of  the conventional left-right political spectrum, but, af-
ter all, in the words of one of Illuminatus's characters, we
are political non-Euclideans:   The shortest distance  to  a
particular  goal may not look anything like what most people
would consider a "straight line."    Taking  a  long  enough
world-view,  it is arguable that breaking the Soviet govern-
ment monopoly on information transfer could better  lead  to
the enfeeblement and, indeed, to the ultimate dissolution of
the Soviet empire than would the production of another dozen
missiles aimed at Moscow.
     But  there's  the rub:  A "long enough" world view does
suggest that the evil, the oppressive, the coercive and  the
simply  stupid  will "get what they deserve," but what's not
immediately clear is how the rest of  us  can  escape  being
killed, enslaved, or pauperized in the process.
    When  the  liberals and other collectivists began to at-
tack freedom, they possessed a reasonably  stable,  healthy,
functioning economy, and almost unlimited time to proceed to
hamstring   and   dismantle  it.    A  policy  of  political
gradualism was at least  conceivable.    But  now,  we  have
patchwork  crazy-quilt  economy held together by baling wire
and spit.  The state not only taxes us to  "feed  the  poor"
while also inducing farmers to slaughter milk cows and drive
up food prices--it then simultaneously turns around and sub-
sidizes research into agricultural chemicals designed to in-
crease  yields of milk from the cows left alive.  Or witness
the fact that a decline in the price of oil is considered as
potentially frightening as a comparable increase a few years
ago.  When the price went up,  we  were  told,  the  economy
risked  collapse for for want of energy.  The price increase
was called the "moral equivalent of war" and the Feds  swung
into  action.    For the first time in American history, the
speed at which you drive your car to work in the morning be-
came an issue of Federal concern.   Now, when the  price  of
oil  drops, again we risk problems, this time because Ameri-
can oil companies and Third World  basket-case  nations  who
sell  oil  may  not  be  able to ever pay their debts to our
grossly over-extended banks.  The suggested panacea is  that
government  should now re-raise the oil prices that OPEC has
lowered, via a new oil tax.  Since the government is seeking
to raise oil prices to about the same extent  as  OPEC  did,
what  can we call this except the "moral equivalent of civil
war--the government against its own people?"
     And, classically, in international trade, can you imag-
ine any entity in the world except  a  government  going  to
court  claiming  that  a  vendor  was  selling  it goods too
cheaply and demanding not only that that naughty  vendor  be
compelled by the court to raise its prices, but also that it
be punished for the act of lowering them in the first place?
     So  while the statists could afford to take a couple of
hundred years to trash our  economy  and  our  liberties--we
certainly  cannot  count  on  having an equivalent period of
stability in which to reclaim them.   I contend  that  there
exists  almost  a  "black  hole"  effect in the evolution of
nation-states just as in the evolution of stars.  Once free-
dom contracts beyond a certain  minimum  extent,  the  state
warps  the fabric of the political continuum about itself to
the degree that subsequent re-emergence of  freedom  becomes
all but impossible.  A good illustration of this can be seen
in the area of so-called "welfare" payments.  When those who
sup  at the public trough outnumber (and thus outvote) those
whose taxes must replenish the trough,  then  what  possible
choice has a democracy but to perpetuate and expand the tak-
ing  from  the few for the unearned benefit of the many?  Go
down to the nearest "welfare" office, find just  two  people
on  the dole . . . and recognize that between them they form
a voting bloc that can forever outvote you on  the  question
of who owns your life--and the fruits of your life's labor.
     So essentially those who love liberty need an "edge" of
some  sort  if  we're ultimately going to prevail.  We obvi-
ously  can't  use  the  altruists'  "other-directedness"  of
"work,  slave, suffer, sacrifice, so that next generation of
a billion random strangers can  live  in  a  better  world."
Recognize  that, however immoral such an appeal might be, it
is nonetheless an extremely powerful one in today's culture.
If you can convince  people  to  work  energetically  for  a
"cause," caring only enough for their personal welfare so as
to  remain  alive  enough  and  healthy  enough  to continue
working--then you have a truly massive reservoir  of  energy
to draw from.  Equally clearly, this is just the sort of ap-
peal which tautologically cannot be utilized for egoistic or
libertarian goals.  If I were to stand up before you tonight
and say something like, "Listen, follow me as I enunciate my
noble "cause," contribute your money to support the "cause,"
give  up  your  free  time  to  work for the "cause," strive
selflessly to bring it about, and then (after you  and  your
children are dead) maybe your children's children will actu-
ally  live under egoism"--you'd all think I'd gone mad.  And
of course you'd be right.  Because the point I'm  trying  to
make is that libertarianism and/or egoism will be spread if,
when, and as, individual libertarians and/or egoists find it
profitable and/or enjoyable to do so.    And  probably  only
     While I certainly do not disparage the concept of poli-
tical  action, I don't believe that it is the only, nor even
necessarily the most cost-effective path  toward  increasing
freedom  in  our time.  Consider that, for a fraction of the
investment in time, money and effort I might expend in  try-
ing  to  convince  the  state to abolish wiretapping and all
forms of censorship--I can teach every libertarian who's in-
terested  how  to   use   cryptography   to   abolish   them
     There  is  a  maxim--a proverb--generally attributed to
the Eskimoes, which very likely most Libertarians  have  al-
ready  heard.    And while you likely would not quarrel with
the saying, you might well feel that you've heard  it  often
enough already, and that it has nothing further to teach us,
and moreover, that maybe you're even tired of hearing it.  I
shall therefore repeat it now:
     If you give a man a fish, the saying runs, you feed him
for a day.  But if you teach a man how to fish, you feed him
for a lifetime.
     Your exposure to the quote was probably in some sort of
a  "workfare"  vs.  "welfare"  context;  namely, that if you
genuinely wish to help someone in need, you should teach him
how to earn his sustenance, not simply how to  beg  for  it.
And of course this is true, if only because the next time he
is hungry, there might not be anybody around willing or even
able to give him a fish, whereas with the information on how
to fish, he is completely self sufficient.
     But  I  submit  that this exhausts only the first order
content of the quote, and if there were nothing  further  to
glean  from  it,  I would have wasted your time by citing it
again.  After all, it seems to have almost a crypto-altruist
slant, as though to imply that we should structure  our  ac-
tivities  so  as  to  maximize  the  benefits to such hungry
beggars as we may encounter.
     But consider:
     Suppose this Eskimo doesn't know how to  fish,  but  he
does  know  how  to hunt walruses.   You, on the other hand,
have often gone hungry while traveling thru  walrus  country
because  you  had  no idea how to catch the damn things, and
they ate most of the fish you could catch.  And now  suppose
the  two  of  you  decide to exchange information, bartering
fishing knowledge for hunting knowledge.   Well,  the  first
thing  to  observe  is  that  a  transaction  of  this  type
categorically and unambiguously refutes the Marxist  premise
that  every  trade  must  have a "winner" and a "loser;" the
idea that if one person gains, it must necessarily be at the
"expense" of another person who loses.  Clearly, under  this
scenario, such is not the case.  Each party has gained some-
thing  he  did  not have before, and neither has been dimin-
ished in any way.  When it comes to exchange of  information
(rather  than material objects) life is no longer a zero-sum
game.  This is an extremely powerful notion.   The  "law  of
diminishing   returns,"   the  "first  and  second  laws  of
thermodynamics"--all those "laws" which constrain our possi-
bilities in other contexts--no longer bind us!   Now  that's
     Or  consider  another possibility:  Suppose this hungry
Eskimo never learned  to  fish  because  the  ruler  of  his
nation-state    had  decreed fishing illegal.   Because fish
contain dangerous tiny bones, and sometimes sharp spines, he
tells us, the state has decreed that their  consumption--and
even  their  possession--are  too  hazardous to the people's
health to be permitted . . . even by knowledgeable,  willing
adults.   Perhaps it is because citizens' bodies are thought
to be government property, and therefore it is the  function
of the state to punish those who improperly care for govern-
ment  property.    Or perhaps it is because the state gener-
ously extends to competent adults the "benefits" it provides
to children and to the mentally ill:  namely,  a  full-time,
all-pervasive supervisory conservatorship--so that they need
not  trouble  themselves  with making choices about behavior
thought physically risky or morally "naughty."  But, in  any
case,  you  stare stupefied, while your Eskimo informant re-
lates how this law is taken so seriously that  a  friend  of
his was recently imprisoned for years for the crime of "pos-
session of nine ounces of trout with intent to distribute."
     Now  you  may  conclude  that  a society so grotesquely
oppressive as to enforce a law of this  type  is  simply  an
affront to the dignity of all human beings.  You may go far-
ther  and  decide to commit some portion of your discretion-
ary, recreational time specifically to the task of thwarting
this tyrant's goal.  (Your rationale may be "altruistic"  in
the   sense   of  wanting  to  liberate  the  oppressed,  or
"egoistic" in the sense of  proving  you  can  outsmart  the
oppressor--or  very likely some combination of these or per-
haps even other motives.)
     But, since you have zero desire to become a  martyr  to
your "cause," you're not about to mount a military campaign,
or  even try to run a boatload of fish through the blockade.
However, it is here that technology--and in  particular  in-
formation technology--can multiply your efficacy literally a
hundredfold.    I say "literally," because for a fraction of
the effort (and virtually none of  the  risk)  attendant  to
smuggling in a hundred fish, you can quite readily produce a
hundred  Xerox copies of fishing instructions.  (If the tar-
geted government, like present-day America, at least permits
open  discussion  of  topics  whose  implementation  is  re-
stricted,  then that should suffice.  But, if the government
attempts to suppress the flow of information as  well,  then
you will have to take a little more effort and perhaps write
your  fishing manual on a floppy disk encrypted according to
your mythical Eskimo's public-key parameters.  But as far as
increasing real-world access to fish you have  made  genuine
nonzero  headway--which  may  continue to snowball as others
re-disseminate the information you have provided.   And  you
have not had to waste any of your time trying to convert id-
eological  adversaries, or even trying to win over the unde-
cided.  Recall Harry Browne's dictum  from  "Freedom  in  an
Unfree World" that the success of any endeavor is in general
inversely proportional to the number of people whose persua-
sion is necessary to its fulfilment.
     If  you  look  at  history, you cannot deny that it has
been dramatically shaped by men with names like  Washington,
Lincoln,  .  .  .  Nixon  .  . . Marcos . . . Duvalier . . .
Khadaffi . . .  and their ilk.  But it has also been  shaped
by  people with names like Edison, Curie, Marconi, Tesla and
Wozniak.  And this latter shaping has been at least as  per-
vasive, and not nearly so bloody.
     And  that's  where  I'm  trying  to  take The LiberTech
Project.  Rather than beseeching the state to please not en-
slave, plunder or constrain us, I propose a libertarian net-
work spreading  the  technologies  by  which  we  may  seize
freedom for ourselves.
     But here we must be a bit careful.  While it is not (at
present)  illegal  to  encrypt  information  when government
wants to spy on you, there is no guarantee of what  the  fu-
ture  may hold.  There have been bills introduced, for exam-
ple, which would have made it a crime  to  wear  body  armor
when government wants to shoot you.  That is, if you were to
commit certain crimes while wearing a Kevlar vest, then that
fact  would  constitute a separate federal crime of its own.
This law to my knowledge has not passed . . . yet . . .  but
it does indicate how government thinks.
     Other  technological  applications,  however, do indeed
pose legal risks.  We recognize, for  example,  that  anyone
who  helped a pre-Civil War slave escape on the "underground
railroad" was making a clearly illegal use of technology--as
the sovereign government of the United States of America  at
that time found the buying and selling of human beings quite
as  acceptable  as  the buying and selling of cattle.  Simi-
larly, during Prohibition, anyone who used  his  bathtub  to
ferment  yeast and sugar into the illegal psychoactive drug,
alcohol--the controlled substance, wine--was using  technol-
ogy  in a way that could get him shot dead by federal agents
for his "crime"--unfortunately not to be  restored  to  life
when  Congress  reversed itself and re-permitted use of this
     So . . . to quote a former President,  un-indicted  co-
conspirator  and pardoned felon . . . "Let me make one thing
perfectly clear:"  The LiberTech Project does not  advocate,
participate  in, or conspire in the violation of any law--no
matter how oppressive,  unconstitutional  or  simply  stupid
such  law may be.  It does engage in description (for educa-
tional and informational  purposes  only)  of  technological
processes,  and some of these processes (like flying a plane
or manufacturing a firearm) may well require appropriate li-
censing to perform legally.    Fortunately,  no  license  is
needed  for  the  distribution or receipt of information it-
     So, the next time you look at the political  scene  and
despair,  thinking,  "Well,  if 51% of the nation and 51% of
this State, and 51% of this city have  to  turn  Libertarian
before  I'll  be  free,  then  somebody might as well cut my
goddamn throat now, and put me out of my  misery"--recognize
that  such  is not the case.  There exist ways to make your-
self free.
     If you wish to explore such techniques via the Project,
you are welcome to give me your name and address--or a  fake
name  and  mail  drop, for that matter--and you'll go on the
mailing list for my erratically-published newsletter.    Any
friends  or acquaintances whom you think would be interested
are welcome as well.  I'm not even asking for stamped  self-
addressed envelopes, since my printer can handle mailing la-
bels and actual postage costs are down in the noise compared
with  the  other  efforts  in getting an issue out.   If you
should have an idea to share, or even a  useful  product  to
plug,  I'll be glad to have you write it up for publication.
Even if you want to be the proverbial "free rider" and  just
benefit  from  what others contribute--you're still welcome:
Everything will be public domain; feel free to  copy  it  or
give it away (or sell it, for that matter, 'cause if you can
get  money  for  it while I'm taking full-page ads trying to
give it away, you're certainly entitled to  your  capitalist
profit . . .)  Anyway, every application of these principles
should make the world just a little freer, and I'm certainly
willing to underwrite that, at least for the forseeable  fu-
     I  will leave you with one final thought:  If you don't
learn how to beat your plowshares into  swords  before  they
outlaw  swords,  then you sure as HELL ought to learn before
they outlaw plowshares too.
                                       --Chuck Hammill
                                 THE LIBERTECH PROJECT
                                 3194 Queensbury Drive
                               Los Angeles, California
                                                 90064
                                          310-836-4157
                                    hammill at netcom.com
[The above LiberTech address was updated December 1992, with the
 permission of Chuck Hammill, by Russell Whitaker]
Those interested in the issues raised in this piece should participate
in at least these newsgroups:
                alt.privacy
                alt.security.pgp
                comp.org.eff.talk
                sci.crypt
A copy of the RSA-based public key encryption program, PGP 2.1 (Pretty
Good Privacy), can be obtained at various ftp sites around the world.
One such site is gate.demon.co.uk, where an MS-DOS version can be had by
anonymous ftp as pgp22.zip in /pub/pgp.
Versions for other operating systems, including UNIX variants
and Macintosh, are also available.  Source code is also
Here's the blurb for PGP, by the way:

@_date: 1996-01-05 03:52:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Answer: Windows Eudora and PGP 
You make it sound so easy.  Problem is, installing this thing was clunky.
Took me a couple of times to make it even appear to install.
 >go into
At least that seems to work...
I apreciate your enthusiasm, but it has failed to work a number of times for
me.  Perhaps you should study your instructions a bit more carefully for
errors.  After I get to the end of the message on Eudora, I select WPGP and
follow your instructions by clicking on the ENC button.  At this point, I
can't maximize Eudora again  to  "click on the window containing your
message" (as  you asked).  The system asks me for my password, I type it,
but when control is returned to Eudora I see neither a signature nor encryption.
Frankly, it appears to me that the biggest threat to our security at this
moment are the programs which ostensibly are supposed to protect it.  I wish
I could be more appreciative.

@_date: 1996-01-05 08:53:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 2047 bit keys in PGP 
Exactly!   I agree.  There is plenty of work that can be directed towards
the hardware arena, for example.  Better filters (AC, telephone, keyboard
cable), untamperable hardware (keyboards come to mind, for instance:  Design
one whose RF "signature" can't be read remotely), a push towards the use of
thin-film-type displays that don't radiate (much) in the RF spectrum,
automatic over-write of unused data areas in hard/floppy disks (including
the (unallocated) space at the ends of files), etc.

@_date: 1996-01-05 13:28:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Representations of Pi, etc. 
Right.  But BTW, isn't it interesting, that news item from a few weeks ago, on an
algorithm for determining individual bits in Pi, regardless of whether
you've calculated all the previous ones.  Only problem is, it only works in
hexadecimal (and, obviously, binary, etc, not decimal.

@_date: 1996-01-05 15:03:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (fwd) 
I think you guys (further up the reply chain) are missing the point.  While
IR does have stealth advantages in, say, wartime, for routine network usage
everyone can be assumed to know where everyone else is, and where all the
optical links are, etc.  There's no point trying to use link-location
secrecy.  And presumably, encryption will provide all the
message-secrecy/anti-spoofing functions required.  Simply ASSUME that the
beams can be intercepted (although probably not intentionally cut).  That's
why we're "cypherpunks," right?!?
Secondly, IR beams can be plenty narrow enough to avoid inter-link
interference, but at the same time wide enough to avoid beam-steering
problems. Note: I'm assuming link distances of under, say 300 meters here.
Previously, a point was made about the effects of fog cutting links:  Due to
scattering, one of the reasons automobile fog lamps are 550 nanometer
yellow/orange is to minimize the scattering that shorter wavelengths (400 nm
blue, 450 nm green) are more prone to.  I would imagine that near IR at,
say, 890 nm would be dramatically less sensitive to such scattering.  1400
nm might be even better.  Rain might be a different story.  But then again,
if we're limiting the links to around 300 meters, the total amount of water
between "here" and "there" CAN'T be all that great.  And in addition, one of
the advantages of computer networking over telephone-type networking is that
we can "tolerate" (although, not LIKE) the occasional necessity of
re-transmitting data.  And dynamic re-routing is probably far easier than
for real-time telephone-type data.
cross rights-of-way without permission or trenching (or stringing cables
from telephone poles) in urban and suburban areas, allowing data transfer
near-fiber speeds.   In an urban setting, a single tall building could
become a central hub for most of its nearest neighbors.   I don't anticipate
IR being used "to the home" (especially since residential areas have trees,
etc); rather, I would imagine that it would be used to feed the occasional
top-of-the-telephone-pole microcell, with very-low-milliwatt (or high
microwatt) RF going the last 100 meters or so to the home.  This would allow
a non-phoneco, non-cableco company to offer bidirectional networking in an
entire residential area with an absolute minimum of costs/rights aquisition.

@_date: 1996-01-05 23:13:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: testing WPGP 
I'm trying to test out version 1.5.0.10 of the program WPGP that I
downloaded a day ago.  So far, I am able to sign messages and (probably?)
encrypt them, but decrypting fails me.  Below is my 1024-bit public key;
could somebody verify the proper signing, and send something encrypted to
me?  (Also include your public key and I'll see if I can successfully reply.)

@_date: 1996-01-06 05:13:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Representations of Pi, etc. 
And practically everybody else, I'm sure!  It was  written up in Science
News magazine, BTW.
Well, by definition if it works in hex, it'll work in octal, "quadal" (?),
binary, etc.  That's ASSUMED, since they would be subsets (co-sets?) of each
Yeah, well, I understand your frustration, but to me the really amazing part
is that the elephant flies at all, and not how well he flies ()  (In
other words, the amazing thing is that there is a predictable relationship
in ANY base system)  Chances are the thing WON'T work in base
3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12,13,14,15, and any other non 2**n base.  Or, at least, it
will take a DIFFERENT equation to work in those other bases, if they work at
Not "regular," you used the wrong term.  As a mathematician's term of art,
this is called "normal." In other words, equal numbers of digits 0-9, equal
numbers of digit pairs 00-through 99, equal number of digit triplets
000-999, etc.  A series of random numbers, by definition, must be "normal."
But "Normal" numbers do not necessarily have to be random.  As you might
expect, however, testing for "normality" is a good first test of "randomness." (I'm not a mathematician, and I don't play one on TV.  Don't be overly
impressed with the preceeding knowledge; I'm sure there are dozens if a
hundred people reading cypherpunks who know more math than I do. I only got
a 780 on the math portion of my SAT, 20 years ago...  790's and 800's
weren't all that uncommon.) Yes, pi is apparently "normal."  (at least four the first 4 billion or so
Of course, I'm not sure of the ramifications of this new discovery
(individual-digit computability of pi) on the facts you list...  (for
example, inter-digit dependence)   However, if the digital representations
of the digits of pi were indeed still individually "random" and they could
be individually computed rapidly enough, at least hypothetically you could
use the digits of pi as a "one-time-pad".  Obviously, everyone would know
(at least, conceptually) the ENTIRE CONTENT of the pad; the only issue would
be the location where you started.  If the starting point was the key, and
could be defined by a number of at least, say, 256-bits long, it might be a
replacement for IDEA whose current length is fixed at 128 bits. I suppose the problem with this technique will probably be that it would
take too long to calculate the (a number somewhere around 2**256) bit of pi,
and for an n-bit message you'd have to do this n times.  I'm sure somebody else will have seen it.  It was in Science News in the
last couple of months, as I recall.  Some kind soul will probably type it
in.  Maybe I can even retrieve my copy from my sister.

@_date: 1996-01-06 14:23:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Pi Stuff 
While I'm not an expert at this, I think you're misrepresented the Chudnovsky result.  They formulated an equation that allowed "you" to continue the calculation past "N" digits as long as you had the result that far.  As far as I know, they DID NOT generate any formula for the generation of isolated digits of pi, the more recent news. I'm signing this message after having turned off word-wrap in Eudora.  I'm told this my help my clearsigning process.  Could somebody verify this?

@_date: 1996-01-07 13:36:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Mixmaster On A $20 Floppy? 
As a ham I can tell  you that such devices will ALMOST CERTAINLY exist, at least in arbitrarily small quantities against high-value, rare targets.  All that's needed is an VHF/UHF/microwave oscillator whose frequency is varied slightly in response to a change in control voltage (which in this case would be the data line voltage).   The antenna would be the data line itself.   Commercially, they are called VCO's (voltage controlled oscillator) or VCXO's (voltage controlled crystal oscillator).  Historically, many were/are built in packages the size of large oscillator modules, with pinouts compatible with 14-bit dips.  These are the dinosaurs of the current era.  More modern are surface-mount parts substantially smaller than a TO-92 transistor case. It is probably possible to put a VCO in an SOT-23 package, which is so small that unless your vision is good it's hard to see!  Embedding these in a custom, one-off cable for a black-bag job would be rather easy, even for an organization far less sophisticated than the NSA/CIA. Another option would be to make the thing look like a surface-mount resistor or capacitor, and replacing an existing bias/decoupling component in an existing keyboard product.  I think chances are very good that the NSA/CIA buys at least "one of" EVERYTHING sold (especially keyboards) to plan for just such jobs.
_THAT_ is probably true, given "tens of thousands."  But individual hardware can indeed be attacked.

@_date: 1996-01-07 15:17:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Domains, InterNIC, and PGP (and physical locations of hosts, to boot) 
Question:   Do we really WANT to advertise the location of machines?  Especially to an accuracy commensurate with current technology?  And if lying is possible, what's the point?!?
BTW, the cheapest GPS receivers (Magellan 2000's, as I recall) at $200 at the local marine supply shop. Excellent price.  Even so,  I won't buy one when I get my first GPS reciever, for two reasons:
1.  No differential capability.  (will improve accuracy to typically 2 meters)
2.  Only two digits past the "minutes" decimal point resolution.

@_date: 1996-01-08 03:54:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: phone calls from hell 
Sorta gives new meaning to the term "_Terminate_ and Stay Resident" program, doesn't it?!?
(Or "end of file.")

@_date: 1996-01-08 13:36:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hammill 1987 speech 
This is a response to feedback on my original post that was originally posted to Cypherpunks at toad.com, newlibertarians at teleport.com, and dnowch2 at teleport.com.  The respondor ("Vladimir Z. Nuri",  widely suspected of being an L. Detweiler 'tentacle,') put his response into Cypherpunks alone. Gee, YOUR biases seem AT LEAST as easy to spot too, huh?!?
Don't flatter yourself.
Not, at least, for me.  The "backyard nukes" analogy is the one typically grabbed by the anti-gunners when they're trying to justify limiting the 2nd amendment.  One problem that I see with this "reasoning" is that they never analogize by trying to limit the power of THE STATE to own weapons, despite the fact that maximum-bang weaponry increased by over a factor of 1,000,000 between about 1935 and 1955 or so.  And not to mention that military weaponry deadliness increased by probably a factor of at least 100 between 1790 and 1935.  Since (I assume you understand the argument, here) the US Constitution is supposed to be the complete statement of the legal powers of the Federal government, what's missing is a justification for even ALLOWING the government to engage in the kinds of weapons developments that it did post 1935 on constitutional/legal grounds.  The significance of this argument is this:  If you argue that "things have changed" and indiiduals should not be able to make/own nukes, that opens the door to similar claims that "things have changed" and the US Government should not be allowed to maintain the current military that it does.
Don't just come back and say the Constitution provides for open-ended "defense":  Nobody today would argue that the writers of the Constitution could have anticipated the development of the H-bomb or the F-15 or AWACS, but I see nobody using that argument to de-empower the government, while I FREQUENTLY see people trying to justify  restrictions on guns based on the kinds of developments in guns that have happened since the muzzle-loader was king.
Sometimes, it is indeed.  Especially since "the state" SHOULD serve at the pleasure of the individuals, not hte other way around.  You may disagree...
It's also your "straw-man argument."
While it's true that "the world is screwed  up" and it's also true that "governments have made it screwed up," libertarians don't usually (?) try to claim that governments bear _full_ responsibility.  Just most of it.
Actually, the term "statist" is a particularly useful and interesting term.  Against the backdrop of people stuck in their traditional left/right, liberal/conservative, Democrat/Republican ruts, libertarians remindthe world that politics can be viewed even better in two dimensions, for example the "Nolan Chart," otherwise known as "the world's smallest political quiz."  The thing I've always found fascinating about that representation is that it contains, embedded within it, the left/right spectrum, but perpendical to this is the libertarian/authoritarian (statist) axis.  In other words, it showed that some people seem to be just naturally control-freaks, whether they come from the left or the right.
Now,  language is IMPORTANT.  If you can control the language, you can control the debate.  Historically, there was no easy way to describe people now well-described by the term "statist", because they could be either of the "liberal" or "conservative" bent, the "Republican" or "Democratic" bent, etc.
[note:  already in the Cypherpunks area he has been given a number of reasons for this; primarily based on attack by non-libertarian states]  These examples are presumably true;  governments fear competition that may later eliminate them.  Companies do too, but they're generally limited in their ability to fight back.
A misleading statement.  They may never "like" any system forced on them, and by saying they "find" it implies that it is made by (and, presumably, ENFORCED BY) somebody else!
What's wrong with sabotaging the work of flaming statists?!?
Sounds logical to me...
Maybe you meant, "prevent."  But even expressed this way, that was wrong.
So what else is new for nearly all political philosophy?  If anything, I've heard more "us vs. them" from NON-libertarians than from libertarians.
Maybe this portion of the philosophy ISN'T the difference, and something else IS...
The variability is the entent to which "this system" controls society.  Even if we assume that "a government" is necessary, there is still an enormous variability as to HOW MUCH that government controls. 200 years of change has produced an enormous differnece.  There is NO REASON TO BELIEVE that libertarians should have to "handle" the 1996 version of reality that was only originally intended in 1790 to control a tiny fraction of one's life.  Your argument seems to be a paean to an open-ended approval of government.
The answer to that is simple.  "Their ('our') government" is INDEED "something apart from themselves"!  For just one example, those military contractors pay their bribes to POLITICIANS, not randomly selected citizens, for a GOOD REASON. Governments of all kinds are INDEED, "apart" from their citizenry!!! Detweiler is beginning to lose touch with reality with this previous sentence.
Odd that you would claim this.  If anything, the libertarians I've met are about as "anti-egalitarian" as they come, as long as you're talking about GOVERNMENT ENFORCED ACCESS TO WEALTH AND POWER.  Subtle?  SUBTLE????  I have, in fact, heard more RABIDLY ANTI-EGALITARIAN (again:  Where egalitarianism is defined as government-enforced equal-treatment by private individuals of private individuals.) arguments by libertarians, who object (for just one example) to the ADA (Americans with a Disability Act) because it requires private organizations (corporations, for instance) to build buildings to be "accessible" to everyone.  If anything, libertarians are the most PROUDLY anti-egalitarian people around, in that they don't want the heavy hand of government to try to equalize society by the barrel of the gun.
In other words, Detweiler...er...Nuri  has totally dissociated himself from reality.  He clearly doesn't understand the first thing about libertarianism.
Actually, since "governments" are merely the agents and employees of the citizenry (or they should be!!!) this is a valid argument.  Since the government is the "employee" and the citizenry pays it, the citizenry gets to call the shots.
Actually, my "Assassination Politics" idea stands an excellent chance of achieving exactly these breakthroughs.  You don't like it, however.
In other words, you can't think of any better arguments...
Which history?  What history?  Whose version of history?
In other words, you've given up now.  Thank you for your flames.  They'll probably convince something new that I'm right...

@_date: 1996-01-09 07:26:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: e$ payee anonymity (Was: e$: Come aaaannnndddd Get it!) 
I'm quoting the whole thing since it's so old.  As I assume  you are aware, the reason I'm so interested in full payee/full payer anonymity for digital cash is that my idea, "Assassination Politics", requires it:  It is necessary to be able to reward a completely unknown person by a completely unknown person, in such a way that nobody can rat out the other person.  Even the presence of an intermediary (trusted) organization would be unnecessary if it were possible to GUARANTEE the offer of payment to the payee.  As the idea is currently structured, the central organization collects the money, reports the donations, and makes the (continuing) publicized offer.  It publicizes enough information to prove to the average citizen that it is dealing fairly with all concerned.
Obviously, communication with the donors/guessors must be minimized/secured also, in such a way as to make detection of these people extremely difficult and ideally impossible.

@_date: 1996-01-09 17:46:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NWLibs Re: Hammill 1987 speech 
Gobbledygook.  Blaming the problems of the system on the people involved.
It is obvious that you are unwilling to admit that THE SYSTEM could, indeed,
BE the problem.
More gobbledygook.  Blaming the problem on the observers of the problem.
Still more gobbledygook.  You don't mention  WHICH "stark biases and
prejudices," for instance.
"Vaporware" is generally thought of as programs that have not yet been
implemented.  While it is true that much of what libertarians have proposed
has not yet been implemented, blame for this lies strongly (and primarily)
with NON-libertarians.
You haven't established this, and haven't even attempted to.  Your
argumentation is weak and practically meaningless.
Lots of things "sound great in theory".   That does not mean that everything
that "sounds great in theory" will NOT be good in practice, if allowed to
operate.  This is ESPECIALLY true that much of libertarianism which "sounds
great in theory" actually sounds PERFECTLY AWFUL to the statists who
currently control things.
First, you tell us:  What are your standards for  this?  Are you never going
to admit that it's "workable" until it's actually working?  In other words,
when those opposing it have finally FAILED?
where are the specifics?
"Specific" what?
If you admit this is the case, this puts even more blame on those defending
government's flaws (or failure to fix them.)
 >this is destructive
Please document this silly claim.  You're saying identify problems with
government is "destructive"?  "Destructive" of what, pray tell?!?    If it's
"destructive" of a bad and corrcupt government, I'm HAPPY to hear it.   This
kind of "destructive" we need PLENTY more of!
?analogous to the guerilla warfare of words that rabid libertarians
Oddly, the non-libertarians don't usually want to give libertarians the
opportunity to take enough control to show that what they can do "works."
Gee, I wonder why!  Maybe they're afraid of incipient success.
Privatization of previously publicly-provided services is strongly resisted.
More gobbledygook.  It is, and does, work on small scales, WHEN ALLOWED.
It's called, "government regulation," "taxes," and such.  If you've been
following the news recently, perhaps you've noticed that there are "peanut
quotas" (to cite just one example) which legally prevent me from deciding to
grow peanuts and sell them freely on the American market.  ___THIS___ is
just one of those things which "prevents individuals from actually starting
it going at a small scale and growing it."
Feeling a bit more foolish, Mr. Nuri?!?
That's EXACTLY why libertarianism ISN'T being allowed to flourish.  It
eliminates control that others worked hard to achieve.
Typical Nuri wimp-out.

@_date: 1996-01-10 09:20:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: E-cash and Interest 
I think there is another way of looking at the ecash/interest situation:
illegally) income or sales taxes, that constitutes an "interest," in an odd
sort of way.  Not "real" interest, of course, but the next best thing.

@_date: 1996-01-10 14:43:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Is this true... 
And that's the REALLY ironic part!  PGP (as wonderful as it is, politically,
that Zimmermann wrote it...) is
 so frigging frustrating and difficult to use (as programs go, anyway), and
interface to, and I haven't even TRIED to use anonymous emailers yet  (sheer laziness on my part, I
admit).  If the government came out neutral about them, or "God forbid" REQUIRED us to learn how to use
them, I'd probably be proudly resisting their desires and ignoring the whole technology.
Makes you stop and think, doesn't it?!?

@_date: 1996-01-12 17:04:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Domains, InterNIC, and PGP (and physical locations of hosts, to boot) 
About 10 years ago, I bought a Loran unit from Heath, and (due to my
association with some people who did laser photoplotting for PC boards) had
a program written which generated a "LAT/LON" map plastic overlay.  Apply
over a USGS 7.5 minute map, and you can read LAT/LON directly.  (It only
needed to be photoplotted once, of course:  positive contact printing
duplicated it easily.)
Only one problem:  Since the width of longitude changes with latitude, a
given map overlay can only be "exactly" accurate at one latitude. Still, it
made estimating LAT/LON FAR easier.

@_date: 1996-01-13 14:59:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: News Release 
[stuff from Phil Zimmermann deleted for space.]
[other stuff by Dubois, Zimmermann's lawyer, deleted for space.]
Dear Mr. Dubois,
  Thank you for your efforts on the behalf of Phil Zimmermann.  You are to
be praised.  However, you should recognize that at best, all you have done
is to reduce the harm done to him (or would otherwise have been done to
him), which admittedly is a good and right thing for you to have done.
However, I refer you to the 1964 movie, "Dr. Strangelove," whose title
character stated that "deterrence is the art of making the enemy FEAR to
In my opinion, we (the ordinary members of the public) cannot consider
ourselves to have won this encounter until the REAL enemy here, the
government employees who targeted Zimmermann, FEAR to attack ("legally" or
otherwise) people like Zimmermann.  Ask Mr. Zimmerman about my essay, or I'd be happy to email it to you.
Sadly, he did not appreciate its simplicity and potential effectiveness, and
maybe you won't either, but someday it may protect your freedom in ways you
can't currently even imagine.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-01-13 23:50:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Maybe I don't understand your point, but... 1.  Individual private citizens acting on their own deserve privacy and
2.  Government employees receiving paychecks based on tax dollars stolen
from members of the public do not.
3.  Individuals not harming others deserve privacy and anonymity.
4.  Government employees threatening citizens with large fines and jail
time, for doing what we consider right and good, do not.
Get the picture?

@_date: 1996-01-15 07:45:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Tell that to Simon Weisenthal, who (until his recentconversion to statism)
was under the impression that tracking down people who did bad things for
the government was not only acceptable, but in fact laudatory.
Since government is funded by stolen dollars, it ISN'T irrelevant.
I agree, to the extent that an unconvicted person who happens to be a
criminal is also an ordinary citizen.
I _Disagree_, especially after they've committed crimes for the government.
If "the law" is used to protect government-employed criminals, then the law
is wrong and we should disregard that portion of it.

@_date: 1996-01-15 10:18:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Are your political biases affecting your misinterpretation of my commentary?  A "volunteer grand juror" (is there really such a thing?!?) is not really an "employee of government."  ("Slave" is perhaps a more accurate terminology, especially if these people are unpaid and aren't really What _I_ meant was that government employees deserve NO privacy, if for no other reason than that they've accepted tax dollars stolen from taxpayers.
Ah!  A comparison that has MUCH more validity!
"so-called"?  What do you mean, "so-called"?  "Libertarian leaders"?  _LEADERS_?  I'm a libertarian, and I have been one in name for 20 years, and I've never followed a "libertarian leader."  I don't even know if I could NAME a "libertarian leader." Maybe you're thinking of fascism, or communism, so some such movement that REQUIRES "leaders."
Here's a question for you:  Is theft a "crime against humanity"?   It may be a crime against an individual citizen, but "against humanity"?  Is murder a "crime against humanity"?  Again, it may be a crime against one citizen, but "against humanity"?
Here's a CLUE, because you obviously need it so badly:  It isn't necessary for an act to be a "crime against humanity" to be a serious crime.  It sounds like you're trying to defend abusive government employees by setting up a "straw-man"-type argument:  Unless what they do is a "crime against humanity," everything's okay and they should be immune from retribution.  By this reasoning, merely threatening one individual with prosecution isn't a "crime against humanity" so they get to go home, safe and sound.
I disagree.  In spades.
Your political philosophy is showing.
Sounds like it would be extraordinarily un-interesting.  If  your philosophy is that people who have gotten away with crimes in the past should escape punishment, you are exercising a "consistent" philosophy, albeit one with which I will never agree.  More likely, however, you are just excusing the actions of GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES AND POLITICIANS, in particular, and trying to dress it up as simply a matter of general privacy.  But it won't have a "positive deterrent effect" if it never happens.   With respect to this case, those who investigated and harassed Zimmermann, it MUST occur.
In my opinion, nobody should have his property stolen by government action, and those who do it are thieves and should face harsh punishment.  If "your" government does this, and you tolerate it, YOU are part of the problem.

@_date: 1996-01-15 16:20:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Phil Z getting through customs 
I haven't driven to Canada for well over a decade.  But last time I did, when I was addressed the Canadian border guy, he asked me whether I had brought any firearms along.  I said to him,  "No.  I didn't think I'd be needing them!"
He didn't as much as crack a smile.

@_date: 1996-01-15 18:31:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Phil Z getting through customs 
This seems odd.  Logically (okay, I know logic doesn't work with the government) any smuggler is going to try to be as innocuous as possible.  He's cut his hair, and shave, and probably wear a tie, etc.  Which means the government should pay more attention to....
Oh, never mind!
Some comedian 15 years or so ago (David Brenner, maybe?) had a joke which  went something like this:
"The odds of there being a bomb on a commercial airliner is one in a million.  The odds of there being TWO bombs on a commercial airliner are one in a _million_million_.  Therefore, if you are taking an airplane flight and want to feel REALLY safe....Take a bomb!"

@_date: 1996-01-15 18:34:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PGP for CP/M? 
Okay, everybody, you can stop laughing now.  I don't really want a copy of PGP for CP/M, but I was just a bit curious as to whether anybody had ever ported it to CP/M.  Nostalgia reasons, primarily.

@_date: 1996-01-16 16:52:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Aha! Now you identify it as a "dissenting FAQ"!  Let's play a little game.  Let's say, for purposes of the argument, that there are people who are "pro-libertarian," "neutral", and "anti-libertarian."  I know plenty of people who hardly even know what libertarianism is about, but in fact are more-or-less libertarian in philosophy.  Let's call these people "neutral."  But in general, people who identify themselves as "dissenters" from libertarianism (claiming they know what it is, and assuming for the purposes
of the argument that they are correct about this knowledge) are fucking
statists. Somehow, I think I've got you pegged correctly.
Then don't confuse people with things like that!
You miss the point.  (this is probably congenital.)
There is a generic problem with "asking a libertarian his position on an
issue."  See, the question assumes how much of an opinion you want, and what
assumptions you're making.  I'll try to formulate a relevant analogy:  Suppose  you're building a new
house, you have your plans, I'm your friend, and you ask me over for an
opinion on how it ought to be done.  On the one hand, my advice might simply
be to "change the color of the paint."   Or, I could say something more
detailed, like, "you should add another floor."  Or, finally, I could say,
"I don't think you should be building a house THERE, in that low area
subject to flooding, you should build it 10 feet higher, 100 yards away."
Finally, I could say, "No, I don't think you should build that house AT ALL."
Each of these is a form of advice.  The difference is the scope of the
advice.  __YOU__ may only have wanted me to advise you on the color of the
paint.  My advice was to change EVERYTHING.  Both may be quite valid and
correct opinions.
A third party, observing the discussion, would think that there was some
sort of contradiction going on, when in reality (remember reality?!?) it is
simply a matter of scope being determined.
Now, proposition 187, as I _vaguely_ recall, deals with immigrants,
primarily illegal immigrants, and the services a community provides them.
So if you ask a libertarian, "what should we do," there are a number of
separate and distinct types of advise he could give you, depending on the
scope of the question.
On the one hand, the natural response of an unrestrained libertarian is to
say, "There should be no borders, no governments, no taxes, and no welfare,
as well as no public schools, etc."   And that would be correct, as far as
it went.
If you responded to that libertarian, "Uh, sorry, we're not interested in
changing EVERYTHING; we're just asking you to decide whether or not we
should get public services (paid for by tax dollars stolen from citizens by
government) to people who got into the country in violation of the law,"
then he might provide a more limited form of advice based on this
restrictive set of parameters.  The important thing to remember, however, is that exactly which kind of
advice he gives may be entirely dependent on how restrictive the set of
parameters you've insisted that he follow.  An intelligent libertarian could
give a good and valid piece of advise, with the proviso that since he's
being restricted in the scope of his advice, it will not necessarily be a
"completely libertarian" position.  This should be ASSUMED.
Which means that you could ask essentially the same question of two
different libertarians, and by subtle manipulation of the parameters, get
what might otherwise appear to be two contradictory opinions, depending on
how much latitude each is given in his advice.
Obviously, you always THINK you are on the right side.
Then you should have called it a "FAQ _for_ pre-libertarians."   Or a "FAQ
for those not yet informed about libertarianism."  But in fact, since above you called it a "dissenting FAQ," more likely, "a
FAQ intended to dissuade people from being (or thinking) in a libertarian
manner."  Far more informative.  Which is why I said that I would consider
it to be extraordinarily UN-interesting.
In 4 years on FIDOnet?  Dozens.
And you appear to be a fucking statist.
Do you really believe this, or were you merely trying to misuse this as a
contrary (though extremely weak) example?
What kind of "debt"?  One that you agree to?!?
Your misunderstanding of libertarianism exceeds only your misunderstanding
of simple logic.
I've signed no such "contract."  I agreed to no such contract.  I'm AWARE of no such contract.  The "contract" or "social contract" argument is debunked repeatedly in the various libertarian-oriented political echoes.  Actually, it's debunked in non- (not to be confused with "anti-") libertarian echoes too, because even if you ignore all the people who don't yet claim themselves to be libertarians, the rest of the public can't agree on exactly what this "contract" really says.
The "social contract" of a liberal contradicts the "social contract" of the
conservative.  The "social contract" of a Republican contradicts the "social
contract" of a Democrat.
Even if you take a generous position and say that we owe taxes, it has been repeatedly demonstrated by media/reporter types (by visiting a number of IRS offices, presenting them with the same identical numbers, and asking them how much taxes are owed, and each office gives a DIFFERENT amount.  In other
words, even if we ASSUME the existence of some sort of "contract," nobody
seems to be able to agree on what the terms of that "contract" are.
Now, I'm not a lawyer, and I don't even play one on TV, but one thing that I
do know about law is that for there to be a "contract" there is necessary to
be a "meeting of the minds" about what that contract is actually for.  Both
(all?) parties to the contract must have the same UNDERSTANDING of the terms
of the contract in order for it to be valid.  Clearly that is not the case
about the "social contract" statist lunatics speak of.
Furthermore, in order for there to be a valid "contract" there must be
CONSENT.  One party cannot threaten or extort from the other, getting the
other party to agree to terms that are coercive. Both parties must have the
option of NOT entering into that "contract."  Yet, practically the whole
reason for the existence of governments is "coercion," meaning that absent
some clear evidence of arms-length negotiation, it is impossible to come to
a valid "contract" with the government.
Like I said before, you're a fucking statist.
Just wait.
I've decided to post this to Cypherpunks.  Forgive me, it's only marginally
on-topic, but I think it's vital for the public to know how Richard Graves

@_date: 1996-01-17 21:17:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Spiderspace 
[stuff deleted]
Consider this:  In about 10-20 years, the people who have been using Internet about now will come into the age from which (statistically) American presidents are usually chosen.  Look at what just one letter Clinton sent (draft-dodge, etc) did.  Now imagine literally YEARS of messages online, archived on terabytes of optical tape, searchable...

@_date: 1996-01-19 11:58:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Microsoft's CAPI 
And, as well, for in-USA-use.  Currently, it is only the export of
cryptographic devices and programs which is restricted.  Are they going to
prohibit the export of digital signatures which enable the use of
foreign-developed software?!?

@_date: 1996-01-21 12:47:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
Degaussing using a common, AC-driven bulk tape eraser is FAR FAR FAR better than using a permanent magnet.  DO NOT USE A 'HOUSEHOLD MAGNET"!!!!  (Except in an absolute dire emergency, such as when the government thugs are breaking down the door, and you have to wipe that disk in a second, and didn't think to keep the bulk eraser plugged in and immediately available, etc.  Even then, use a Neodymium Iron Boron magnet, because floppies are actually remarkably insensitive to demagnetization...)
Here is why:  Magnetic materials have "hysteresis curves."  If you merely apply a "DC" magnetic field to a floppy disk, this orients "all" the domains in one direction, but perhaps with a small residual bias based on the previously-magnetized direction.  Such data won't be readable on an ordinary floppy drive, of course, but it might be recovered, with substantial (read, "money") effort.  This gives uninformed people a false sense of security.
AC-powered tape demagnetizers, on the other hand, produce a 60-hertz
(actually, 120 hertz, depending on how you look at it) pulsing magnetic field, which REPEATEDLY saturates and re-saturates the magnetic domains in one direction and then the other, taking a "trip around the hysteresis curve" 60 times per second.  Residual magnetic fields are repeatedly reversed and thus overwritten, and quickly become totally and completely unrecoverable in a second or so.  (actually, far less, I'm just not proposing you stand there for a minute degaussing a single floppy!!!)
And there is a far more practical reason to NOT use a permanent magnet, and CERTAINLY not on audio-quality tapes.  Read heads can get inadvertently magnetized, and if you insert a disk or tape with a DC-magnetization on it "who knows what" might go wrong. (it would take a reasonably technical audiophile to tell you how much of a problem this could be on audio cassette tapes.  It is possible that digital-writing floppy disks heads are comparatively immune from this effect, but don't count on it!)   (However, using an AC demagnetizer on a floppy after you've zapped it with a permanent magnet will remove whatever residual DC magnetiziation was present.
Cheap?  No.
Doesn't sound particularly practical.
I can think of a slightly better way, MAYBE.  There are, what, 80 tracks on the typical floppy disk, right?  (okay, I  may be wrong about this...).   But it would be physically possible to write a few more tracks onto the floppy before you hit a mechanical stop.  Putting data THERE while the typical system thinks there are "only" 80 tracks would hide it reasonably Note:  I'm not over-rating the effectiveness of such a system.  It wouldn't faze the CIA or the NSA, but it would probably get by the local police, the state police, and maybe even the FBI unless they had written a program specifically designed to search "illegal" tracks.  Label the floppy, "Doom program, great game!" and they'll probably waste most of their time blasting monsters rather than looking for tracks 80, 81, 82, etc.)
Also, this is certainly not a new idea.
My public key.

@_date: 1996-01-21 14:15:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
I LOVE this response!  This is the kind of comment that totally destroys Rich Graves' position: Graves' would allow the government to screw with US, as ordinary citizens, while we're denied the ability to defend ourselves.  Maybe I was excessively rude by calling Rich Graves a "fucking statist" on this list, but I don't think I was at all inaccurate. Thank you for putting Rich Graves in his place.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-01-21 19:57:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
Was that with the floppy in the case, or with the case popped open...
Also:  Did you rotate the disk physically to expose the data normally partially shielded by the door slider?
And was it an ordinary ferrite magnet, or an alnico, or...?
Yes, I noticed. [stuff deleted]
I will admit that at this point, even calling it a "trick" is giving it excessive credence.
Actually, I think it wasn't really used initially for "data hiding" purposes.  I'm talking about the early days of CP/M and other such systems, circa 1977 and such, when individuals "discovered" that floppy drives had no hard mechanical stop past the "last" good track, and they "stole" a few percent of extra capacity from a floppy by simply ignoring the recommended "last" track.  Naturally, it would work okay on some drives but not on others... which is why it was a bad idea.
In addition, I also discovered that it was possible to put a few more than 26 sectors on each track of an 8" single-density (240 kilobytes!) floppy disk.  The main problem with using these "tricks" is that the floppy had no method of conveying formatting information to the system it was in, which meant that any floppy using this trick was by definition non-standard.  ("feature" or "bug" depending on your calls to
I started building my own 12.5 MHz Z-80 -based CP/M system in 1978, fully designed and wire-wrapped by myself, and wrote my own BIOS.  (Used a WDC 1791 FDC)  Had total control.  I didn't try this trick even then because of compatibility reasons, but one thing I _DID_ do was to write a floppy formatter that "undid" the 6-sector skewing that standard CP/M had to do to keep up with the data read/write. (in other words, I physically re-skewed the sector numbering to make the next "desired" sector come faster...) I ended up with an effective skew-factor of 2.  Even a skew factor of 1 worked on my system (no skew at all), but the problem was that when I gave the most extreme of these oddly skewed floppies to my friends with 8" floppies, they took A LONG TIME to read the data!  (Their systems always missed the next sector because their systems were too slow, so they only ended up being able to read one sector per disk rotation.)
All this helps to explain why I asked if PGP had ever been ported to CP/M.

@_date: 1996-01-21 20:53:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
While I admit that I'm not particularly familiar with modern hard disk head design, I think it is futile to look for data in this way.  If they "tunnel erase" the edges of the data track, even small misalignments will not allow remnants of data to remain.  (And I assume that "all" modern hard disk drives employ high-precision data-read feedback mechanisms to maintain track alignment down to the submicron level...  thermally-sensitive stepper motors
and linear positioners of the 1980's are (or at least should be) gone!)
Further, modern read-channel techniques (PRML; partial response, maximum likelihood) bring the normally readable signal closer to the noise level than ever before, and the PREVIOUSLY written signal is that much more difficult to resurrect.  As a method for gathering intelligence on anyone, I think that this is dead and buried.
However, I _still_ want to see brainless operating systems like MSDOS changed to erase (zero) allocated  data buffers before and after use (and especially before re-use!), so that parts of vital files don't accidentally get written to the ends of other files.

@_date: 1996-01-21 21:28:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
Interestingly, we wrote almost identical responses to Dmitri, although admittedly you won the "time race."
Is it:
1.  "Great minds run on the same path"?
2.  "Fools think alike"   Video tapes, yes.  Audio cassette tapes, maybe.
However, they should still be useful for floppies, for two reasons:
1.  Distance to the media is far smaller than to the average distance to the inside of a videotape cartridge.  (floppy cases are thinner.)
2.  The volume of material to be erased is FAR smaller than a typical videotape cartridge.  The middle of the tape of a 1/2" wide videotape spool is self-shielded by at least 1/4" of videotape; a 3.5" floppy disk is shielded only by distance.  (actually, the sliding doo-hickey over 3.5" floppies probably acts as a shield, too.

@_date: 1996-01-22 17:01:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA vacuuming down Internet traffic 
Don't tell me, let me guess:  20 years ago, if you had told anyone about
this project, you would have had to kill them.  Now, 20 years later, after a
few levels of re-classifications and de-classifications, all you have to do
is to sneer in our general direction.

@_date: 1996-01-22 19:43:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Ultimate Paranoia 
Gives you a headache, doesn't it?   Welcome to the club!
Reverse-biased zener diodes produce bandwidth-limited white noise.  Pink noise is (I think) white noise filtered 3db per octave with a lowpass filter.
Dunno.  I'm not a programmer.
The best defense is a good offense.  Klaatu Burada Nikto.   (Remember this... It'll become important...soon.)

@_date: 1996-01-24 12:26:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Collapse of Ideas in a Pop Culture 
that's In 1975, I lived in a small suburb of Kansas City, and went with my grandfather from Kansas City Airport on a chartered Boeing 747 to see the Apollo part of the Apollo/Soyuz rocket "blast off". (the whole thing was arranged my a local group of bigwigs, I think.)  ( I think it was a Saturn
V, but correct me if I'm wrong.  I was young and impressionable.) First and last large rocket I saw go in person; I was sincerely impressed; it was extremely LOUD and we were kept MILES away on a grandstand.  (But we were the closest you could get, as I understand it, as we were invited guests of the whole thing.)
Incidentally, flying on the same airplane from Kansas City were:
1.  Susan Ford, daughter of President Gerald Ford.
2.  Dr. Werner Von Braun.
ob crypto:  Uh, none, sorry.

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:21:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA vacuuming down Internet traffic 
I heard vague rumors of such capabilities about 20 years ago.  At the time,
I had no reason to make overseas telephone calls, but if I did I would have
interspersed the friendly conversation with terms like

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:34:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [noise!] (fwd) Re: FYA/I: Who'd have gaussed it? 
[stuff deleted for space]
Suppose, however, the goal was NOT to erase the media, but simply to reset (temporarily crash) the computers inside.  Please recalculate based on:
1.  A 72,000 volt, 0.8 microfarad capacitor, fully charged.
2.  One turn of, say,  wire around the building.
3.  A (sacrificial) improvised switch constructed by forcing a sharpened point through a thin, insulating layer of polyethylene plastic sheet against a conductive plate, which eventually (and catastrophically) arcs through the remaining fraction of a millimeter to produce an exceedingly low-impedance contact in a microsecond or so.

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:42:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [local] Report on Portland Cpunks meeting 
...which, of course, had been infected the night before by a black-bag job by some NSA operatives with a "fiddle with PGP and make the key signatures come out wrong" virus...  Paranoia strikes deep...

@_date: 1996-01-24 21:00:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Philip Zimmermann and the Press 
What _I_ want to see is NOT MERELY an apology and retraction, but ALSO a statement of where the hell this claim came from in the  first place.  WHY?

@_date: 1996-01-25 12:31:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SS Obergruppenfuhrer Zimmermann (NOT!) 
Maybe this is common knowledge, but the name "Zimmermann" and crypto had another relationship, in World War I.  If anybody knows more about this incident than my vague recollection of the famous "Zimmermann cipher" would you care to tell the story?

@_date: 1996-01-25 17:29:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: German home banking (fromn RISKS) 
Assuming it were possible, it would have to have a rather good quality, although DAT should be adequate, I should think. Hey!  Justa sec!  ISDN is basically digital (broadband),  so (obviously) is T1, likewise DS3 and ATM.  Except for ISDN, unidirectional signals (at least at one time...), I think.  This is NOTHING compared to the difficulty of doing simultaneous bidirectional analysis in a 3 khz bandwidth of 28 kbps
each way!
Maybe you're far more familiar with what equipment is available for telephone analysis than I am, but I have serious doubts that the capacities you list above are even close to what the other guy asked about.
etc...  Most are programmable and some are full-blown  Agreed, but let's not underestimate the amount of effort involved.  This is important, because of that "Digital Telephony" bill crapola they're trying to foist on us.  Their argument will be, we presume, that "we've gotta be able to bug all these lines because of all the drug dealers talking on the phone.  Well, unless the government is proposing installing the capability of bugging data the vast majority of data calls (including those that, hypothetically, use Clipper) then they're NOT going to get any traffic they claim to want to hear.  We should ask, "How much will it  cost to even UNDERSTAND a data phone call, let alone decrypt it, and if it's too high let's give up while we're behind."

@_date: 1996-01-26 15:32:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
mail, the US in While this may be based on the "classic" view of the start of the direct involvement in WWII, I agree with the opinion of an old college professor that the US KNEW that the Japanese were going to attack, SOMEWHERE and SOMEWHEN (but not exactly), and in fact WANTED the attack to occur to justify getting into a war that we "should" have entered.  And  in hindsight, I do not necessarily disagree with such a goal, within the limited context of the circumstances at the time.  An extention of this interpretation is that much of the fleet was kept at Pearl to "lure" the Japanese into doing an attack that could be used to rally the public.  (they needed to have enough "bait" to justify an attack.)
Obviously, if that was the intention, then the big surprise was how EFFECTIVE the attack was going to be:  Far from just "rallying the public" it smashed our defenses.
The reason I mention this interpretation is that it entirely turns around your argument:  Our criticism should not be how little we knew of Japanese intentions, but how we incompetently delayed entering a war that "needed to be fought."
Naturally, however, considering the results of the attack, it would have been totally unthinkable to reveal to the public that the bigshots had actually DESIRED the attack; a far less incriminating version of the story is that some other people were merely negligent.
Now, I was born in 1958 and thus can't claim personal knowledge of the time, but it's truly amazing how UNPERCEPTIVE the public must have been in the late 40's and early '50s about "intelligence" realities.  Let me give you a specific example:  The classic movie, "The Man who Never Was," relates the (true) story of a counter-intelligence mission done by the British to (I think) mislead the Germans into believing that the attack on Sicily would be substantially LATER than it actually was.  The British took a man who had died of some natural disease (with the permission of his family, of course), dressed him up as if he were a courier and dumped his body (carried by submarine) off the coast of (then Fascist) Spain.  With the body were (sealed) phony documents that described the FALSE date.  (The idea was, the Germans would think that he was on an airplane that had crashed into the ocean...) ( He was given a false name, false address, and basically a false identity to complete the ruse.)
 By design, he was dumped at a point where ocean currents washed him ashore, where he was identified by papers.  Naturally, the British were notified by Spain, and the British played along and INSISTED that none of the documents with the body be unsealed and given to the Germans.  Naturally, however, the Spanish cooperated with the Germans, and allowed them to (secretly) unseal the documents undetectably.  However, the documents (still apparently sealed and unopened) were returned to the British so that (to the Germans) the British wouldn't be aware that their secrets had been compromised.
Follow me so far?
Well, in the movie (whose accuracy I don't know) the Germans didn't totally believe that the courier was "real", so they sent an operative (probably by parachute airdrop, or whatever) to check out the particulars of the story they "learned" from the fake background.   (Naturally, the British knew about this)  At that point, the British had to plant operatives, and support the phony story on the spot, "verifying" the information.  At that point, the German agent was able to transmit news that "the information is real!" to the Germans.
Now, here was was (to me!) the "funny" part of the movie:  The British let the German agent leave Britain.  This sounds logical, right?  Because if they were to PICK HIM UP as a spy, that would have alerted the Germans that his identity and mission were already known, which would only have been true if the story given the Germans initially had been a FAKE!
Yet, in the movie,  it was necessary to "explain" to the  (early 1950's) audience why they "let that German agent leave Britain"!!  I was laughing, practically falling off the edge of my seat, as I was watching that scene!
Clearly, ordinary people of that era weren't very perceptive about such things.  Had they (Americans) been told that, "We had to get into WWII to save the free world, so we let the Japanese sink half our Pacific fleet!" the public WOULD NOT have understood.
This is why I tend to believe that professor's interpretation:  While the exact time and location of the attack was not known, IT REALLY DIDN'T MATTER because they WANTED it to happen.  The "we couldn't decrypt their traffic in
time" (even if it was really true) was merely a convenient cover story for the truth.

@_date: 1996-01-26 18:53:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Needless to say, I disagree.  If you define government as, "That entity which keeps me from doing bad things to people,"  then a S+W model 629 .44 caliber revolver "quacks like a government to you."
If the reason you don't do bad things in public because people will sneer at you and criticize, then sneering and criticizing "quacks like a government to you."
What "Assassination Politics" does is to eliminate the ability of 51% of the population to control the remaining 49%.  If there is any residual pro-government bias left in this system, tell me and I will work strongly to root it out.

@_date: 1996-01-26 18:57:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
You might be surprised.   I've considered that very question, which is at the "outer limits" of my "Assassination Politics" idea.   Question: could the principles of that system eventually result in some sort of super-tyranny?  In my opinion, no, if for no other reason than the average person simply doesn't have enough time to attempt to be tyrannical against 5 billion other people on the planet.
How would it work?  Well, let's suppose 95% of the public believed that EVERYBODY, including the other 5%, should pay the Widget tax.  Each citizen would have to pay it, and prove that he paid it, or those 95% would pay to have the 5% killed.  The Widget tax would buy Widgets from the WIdget manufacturer, and they would installed so as to benefit THE PUBLIC. Problem is, taxes are collected, not simply to take them from one person, but to give them to another.  The 5% might have to pay the Widget Tax, but they could also pay to have the immediate beneficiaries of the Widget Tax killed (the manufacturers of the widgets themselves, or at least those manufacturers that accept orders for widgets paid for by stolen tax dollars.)  At this point, nobody will risk making widgets anymore, so  the Tax will be unjustified and bandoned as uncollectible and useless.

@_date: 1996-01-27 08:04:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
Wouldn't it be awful for CERN if they had to get export/import licenses for PROTONS?  Each pass?
Sorry, couldn't resist.

@_date: 1996-01-27 08:19:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Denning's Crypto Archy 
While this would normally be my cue to offer up my "Assassination Politics"
idea, which (if presumed to be correct) would stabilize "anarchy" and
prevent "lawlessness and social disorder" (at least as normally seen by the
average reader) I think that under the circumstances that would be redundant
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-01-27 08:29:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
It isn't clear to me that the Constitution grants "rights" to the government that aren't already possessed by the people themselves.  Would that even be possible?   "Powers" maybe, "rights," maybe not.

@_date: 1996-01-27 08:35:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Extremely odd!  Why distribute the claim, if it were false?!?  Hmmmmm.....  And/or if the claim was falsely made by some non-governmental organization, why not an immediate and forceful denial?
Color me confused.

@_date: 1996-01-27 09:00:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bernie S. Sentencing 
As I heard it, their algorithm factored large composite numbers in ((log(n))**(-1)) time, meaning that the larger the composite number got the faster it was to factor.  Yep, that's it.

@_date: 1996-01-27 09:15:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 
Notice that I've added two areas to the list above, nwlibertarians at teleport.com and dnowch2 at teleport.com ; the areas on which "Assassination Politics" is commonly discussed.  I've also sent a copy to Cypherpunks at toad.com, for its obviously ob crypto (encryption, digital cash, etc) aspects.
Technically, "nothing."  Nothing unusual, anyway.  Except that if  you follow my logic carefully, you will see that I believe that the developments I describe are tantamount to being technologically "inevitable."  The mere existence of good encryption, Internet-type worldwide networking, and untraceable digital cash will "automatically" allow/cause such systems to
arise.  And development of such an organization ANYWHERE, plus the Internet, means that it can operate EVERYWHERE.
Further, here is my speculation:  Let's assume I have this Internet soapbox, and I manage to convince you and your friends  (and their friends, etc) that:
1.  My system, if allowed to work, will replace the current political system with one that is far more "attractive," on the average.  In other words, it will do approximately what I claim it will:  Eliminate all governments, militaries, taxes, yet maintain a reasonable degree of freedom for all citizens, rich and poor, strong and weak, etc.  It'll even punish criminals.
Real criminals, like murderers, rapists, thieves, etc.
Furthermore, that it won't have any _likely_ "horror scenarios" associated with it (such as the ones some people (wrongly) think exist), or at least it will be no worse than the status quo.   In fact, it will be a VAST improvement over the status quo.  It will produce, I believe, an essentially perfectly libertarian (and _stably_ anarchistic, yet it has protections for rights.) society.
2.  The system is just about technologically inevitable, given the technical developments which already exist and I forsee.
3.  The only thing that's preventing such a system from being adopted is the fact that this system would eliminate the control of the current political system by those few who now control it.
Segue to near the end of the 1964 movie, Dr. Strangelove, where the title character (the scientific advisor to the President) is asked by the President whether enormous buried cobalt bombs can be built, and controlled by computer to detonate automatically on nuclear attack.  He said, "It requires only the _will_ to do it."
Similarly, I would argue that the implementation and rollout of an "Assassination Politics" scenario is almost even today within the technical capability in common usage, lacking only the common acceptance of "digital cash".  At some point, "it requires only the _will_ to do it."
At that point, I argue that we will have a scenario reminiscent of the day the East German citizens  broke down the Berlin Wall.  Enough people wanted it done, and nobody was going to stand up and try to stop it.  It HAPPENED.  It was "illegal" by the standards of East Germany that day, but it HAPPENED.
The odd thing, however, is that despite my publicizing the idea of "Assassination Politics" to what by now has probably been thousands of people and (statistically) dozens of lawyers, I haven't heard a serious, defensible argument that the implementation of this system would even be ILLEGAL by black-letter US law.
True, any underlying killings might be, and probably would be, murder.  But the system as I described it is quite carefully structured to prevent anyone but the self-motivated murderer from doing the murder, knowing that it will occur in the future, or (for that matter) knowing for sure that it actually WAS a murder, or let alone who did it, even after it occurs.  While I won't claim I've "thought of everything," I _will_ say that I think I've demonstrated that current law would be vastly inadequate to deal with such a I suspect that a lawyer familiar with the concept of "Assassination Politics" and who follows proposed legislation in Congress ought to scan for laws designed to preclude the development of such a system.  Whether or not this could even be accomplished is in serious question, since it would probably require banning all remnants of freedom in this country.  In other words, we are coming to a fork in the road:  One choice leads to perfect freedom, the other to absolute tyranny.  Well, at least you have been warned.
Well, YOU heard about it, didn't you, and I'm not dead.  (yet?)  True, the system doesn't actually exist and operate, but that's merely a matter of implementation, not of technical capability.  Microsoft could write the whole thing into Windows 97 as a "Killer App."   (This joke was to somebody else's credit, sigh!  Can't recollect who... Maybe Tim May?)
(I now believe that the US government's decision to develop the Internet was a case of slow-motion governmental suicide.  The trigger was pulled in the 1960's, and the death will occur about 40 years later. "Jim Bell" (myself) will be one of the first to notice the "bullet" flying towards its mark.  For making that observation, I will be severely criticized, and probably even BLAMED.)
In a sense, it is arguable that I am worthy of neither the credit nor the blame.
Follow the technological development of "nyms" on Cypherpunks.  It is possible that this system could be set up, totally anonymously, and perhaps even in a totally decentralized way, so that (for example) 1000 anonymous individuals (anonymous even from each other) run it according to agreed-upon Hey!  Glad you think so!  One guy called it "atrocious."  Some people would have you believe that I'm a raving lunatic.  (Well, technically I can't prove to you I'm NOT a "raving lunatic," but at least to you, believing in this system isn't evidence to the contrary.)
Another guy said that if this system were ever implemented, I would have become "the Antichrist."  Even though I'm an atheist myself, I know enough about religion in general, and Christianity in particular, to realize that statement wasn't intended as a complement.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto.    Remember this.   It'll become important...soon.

@_date: 1996-01-27 09:54:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Time codes for PCs (fromn German Banking) 
A peripheral I've long wanted to see, commonly available:  ACCURATE  time, broadcast to the millisecond/microsecond/nanosecond, available from sources as varied as TV VIR's, FM subcarriers, and other sources, available as an easy input (via a peripheral card) to a computer.
I have a 12-year-old Heathkit "Most Accurate Clock" that I assembled myself, and had the foresight to install it with its computer  interface option. (receives 5, 10, or 15 MHz signals broadcast from Boulder, Colorado, containing "exact" time.) While I've never taken the time to connect it to my PC, it provides (through an RS232 jack) correct time with a rated accuracy of about 5 milliseconds, as I vaguely recall. (Even has a dipswitch setup on the bottom to tell it how many 500 mile increments you are away from WWVB... corrects for delay to a first order of magnitude.)
(BTW, if anybody knows how to easily connect it to the pc, or has the appropriate software, please tell me  The task isn't difficult from a hardware standpoint; it's just RS-232 serial ASCII timecode at about 9600
bps which either continuously retransmits or on request.  The problem is the software:  How, exactly, do I INTERFACE such a serial input to the existing computer/RTC combination? (Don't tell me to plug it into an unused serial jack!  I'm not stupid. I'm not a  programmer, and I don't play one on TV! (I know gates, flops, op amps, A/D, D/A, microprocessor hardware design, even some Z-80 assy language, RF,  and I've programmed in Fortran, Basic, APL, Algol, PL/1, Pascal, LISP, but not recently and I don't enjoy it!)
(Then again, there are those "Receptor" watches which have (at least) similar accuracy, which as I understand it work on FM subcarrier principles.)
Technology has now supplanted this old monstrosity:  Even with CHEAP GPS receivers, they put out time which is rated in accuracy to well better than 1 microsecond, and probably better than 200 nanoseconds even with S/A turned on, and probably 100 nanoseconds with S/A off.  Once GPS receivers contain equally cheap DGPS receivers, they'll be able to tell you your location to about 1 meter and corresponding time accuracy, about 3 nanoseconds.
I'm not particularly familiar with TV VIR signals, but I'd imagine they are timecoded, or at least they COULD be without a lot of effort.  Resolution would be FAR better than 1 microsecond, and accuracy would be primarily limited by knowledge of your location compared to the xmitter.
MITM attacks would be far more difficult if both ends of the data conversation agreed on the "exact" time, and could detect transmission delays and CHANGES in transmission delays.  While it would be possible to locally spoof the accurate timecode, a cheap version of a "disciplined oscillator" (which any GPS receiver is going to have, anyway) would detect such short-term spoofing trivially.
Occasionally, I've speculated on whether it might be useful to be able to synchronize (or, at least, KNOW) to the PHASE of the 60 Hz power grid.  True, I know that the HV grid is 3-phase and most people won't know which phase they're on anyway, but that wouldn't change (at least not frequently!) , and I would imagine that it might be  useful.  You wouldn't necessarily know which CYCLE you're on, either, but again that might be compensated for somehow.  If  your computer were talking, locally, to another computer at 4100 baud (? whatever) (7 bits per symbol(?); equals 28.8kbps) you could "easily" agree on a particular cycle relationship, which is going to be essentially constant over a distance of a few tens or even hundreds of miles.
What I DON'T know (and some HV transmission engineer will probably be able to tell me, hint hint!) is how STABLE this phase is across the entire country?  I realize that this will probably depend on who'se shipping excess  power to whom at the moment, But I'd imagine the variability will be distinctly limited.
The biggest attraction of such a system is that the interface would probably be trivial:  Getting it from the P/S is out because they didn't anticipate such a thing.  The easiest interface might be an AC wall xformer with a rectifying limiter and slicer  (Okay, maybe just a resistor and a diode, possibly with the addition of a comparator for precision), driving a readable pin on an otherwise-unused RS-232 interface.  (Possibly installed similar to a dongle.)  Appropriate software (yucch!) would read the square waves, and record the phase at any one time.  Such information could be used to verify the relative synchronization between two different computers, although it would be necessary to identify particular phases, as I mentioned before.
BTW, if you're read this far, I think it would be appropriate to introduce myself, despite the fact that I've already been posting to this area for a few weeks.  I'm James Dalton Bell (yes, THOSE Daltons!) and I'm in Vancouver, Washington, USA.  I may talk like a EE, but am not; I have formal and/or informal backgrounds in Chemistry (BS Chemistry MIT 1980), electronics (analog and digital and RF (N7IJS) and uP), physics, and keep an eye on numerous other technical fields.
Politically, I'm 120/120 on the Nolan chart (there's some questions they left out (that's a joke)) which means I'm a "extremist libertarian."  I'm also rather newly anarchistic, and (with all due modesty) rather inventive.  Current employment?  None. Well, nothing to speak of.  But you'll be hearing more about me.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto   Remember this.  It'll become important, soon.
"Something is going to happen.  Something....wonderful!"

@_date: 1996-01-27 12:05:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
Agreed.  However, we will all REALLY win when
anonymous-payer/anonymous-payee digital cash appears and is in common usage.
(or Digicash can be "munged" to make payee-anonymity possible, if not the norm.

@_date: 1996-01-27 13:07:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous trashing of Assassination Politics 
[on cypherpunks at toad.com]
tripe I've ever seen on the list, but if it's not, it's right up there.
I notice that you responded through an anonymous remailer, and didn't even use a nym.  This is strange.  If anything, the people who criticize my idea seem to be under the illusion that it is _I_ who should be embarrassed for proposing it, and in fact vociferously promoting it.  "Those of you" who object to it should be the ones who are "proudly" taking the "moral high ground" and thus should be happy to identify yourself and defend your position.
Even if, arguably, you invented the fiction that you feared for  your life trying to argue with people like me, nothing prevents you from developing a stable nym and arguing your position using it, secure in the knowledge that your body is safe from attack.  Your arguments would still be subject to sudden death, however.
What?!?  You imply that you are an anarchist, yet you don't approve of a system which might not only produce anarchy, but in fact in record time?  Well, EXCUUUUUUUUSE MEEEEEE!  Sorry to put you out of a "job."
not to be excused by any amount of >mumbo-jumbo.
I think the state's ENDS are evil, too, not merely their MEANS.
murdering those who annoy us >sufficiently.
Actually, if you followed my arguments carefully, you will notice that my position is most accurately described by pointing out that I _could_not_ keep you from participating in this "immoral game", even if I wanted to.
For the record, I suspect some people who are total pacifists view the rest of us, those willing use use violence to defend ourselves, as "immoral."
Others won't.
who's willing to be loudly clueless with ideas that show minimal or non-existent awareness of basic human hopes and fears, like security from random hit-squads.  I'd have him go on and on with his ideas, until eventually they can splashed all over headlines and used to discredit the whole realm of privacy protection.
Aha!  You're implying (actually, implying is an understatement here) that I am an "agent provocateur."  Naturally, it would be useless to deny this (although, for the record, I will deny it), because anybody who was convinced of its truth wouldn't expect me to tell the truth anyway.
But hey, let's put it up for a vote.  How many people out there believe that I am an "agent provocateur"?  C'mon people, don't be shy, you've seen my prose.  What do the rest of you think?
Good!  I'd hate to argue with a person who didn't realize I am SERIOUS.
for it without even thirty pieces >of silver or a 401K.
To be perfectly honest, I did a lot of soul-searching in early 1995 about whether I should publicize my ideas.  No, it wasn't because I was AFRAID that it might happen.  I _WANTED_ it to happen.  Every little bit.  Every government on the face of the earth, to come crashing down in a heap.  Complete, total, absolute anarchy.  (But not the "anarchy" that most people are pre-programmed to think of...)  No more governments, no more borders, no more taxes, no more holocausts, no more wars, no more politicians.  Forever and ever and ever.  Rather, I was fearful that by publicizing the idea, I might end up PREVENTING it from occurring.  You know, by giving the governments advance warning about what was going to happen, I might actually help them prevent it.
That worried me, a lot.  But eventually, I made my decision. After a huge amount of thought that some day I might be inclined to relate.  However, if I'd REALLY wanted to PREVENT this, I would have alerted the government secretly, so that they could manipulate things behind the scenes, secretly, to prevent this "crypto/digicash/internet anarchy."   _That_ I did not do.  I publicized it, allowed it to be criticized and therefore "perfected" (not that it's "perfect, by any means!) it, and I'm now promoting it the best way I know how.  And with all due modesty, it's getting a pretty good reception, considering how extreme and drastic it initially might appear.
Part of my reasoning was that unless I engaged in the absurd conceit of believing that I was, cumulatively, smarter than everyone currently in the government, I had no choice but to conclude that the government was already aware of the potential problem.  And if that were the case, they were, at that very moment, working desperately to PREVENT what I wanted, desperately, to ACHIEVE.
At that point, I made the choice of forcing the government's hand.
Recommendation:  If you really want to be taken seriously, use your real name or at the very least generate a stable nym.  Preferably, with messages signed by the nym's public key.   Without it, you are a silly, unbelieveable ass.  Even with it, you may STILL be a silly, unbelieveable ass, but at least people would pay more attention to you.

@_date: 1996-01-27 14:10:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
While I understand your point, I sorta hafta disagree.  (or, at least, state my reservations.)
If something is technologically IMPOSSIBLE (or, in practice, not available), it won't be mandated by government because it can't be.  The moment something exists, it can be forced on people.
I'm not saying we should somehow try to prevent people from developing truly voluntary key-escrow systems; rather, I'm saying that their existence should alert us to the danger.

@_date: 1996-01-27 14:30:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [rant] A thought on filters and the V-Chip 
Sigh!  Wonderful idea, but sadly it probably will never be allowed to work,
for exactly the obvious reasons. (I know that sounds like an odd argumnt to
get from ME, considering MY idea...) On the other hand, this would be an EXCELLENT "argument" to bring in front
of a Congressional committee considering the adoption of any V-chip type
proposal.  Once they discover that a ratings system could be used for the
diametrically opposite reasons of their reason for having it in the first
place, they'll try to modify their proposal to prevent this.  If we're lucky, this'll have the effect of killing the whole concept of
government-sponsored (required?) V-chip-type technology.
OTOH, I agree with other posters who think that truly voluntary content
selection would be an excellent addition to television:  In effect, an
automatic, programmable TV-Guide search engine.

@_date: 1996-01-27 19:40:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NOISE NOISE NOISE - clocks and other irrelevance 
What about Loran?  WWV(B)?  Receptor-type signals?
Now, I agree that CURRENTLY few people "depend" on those other (non-GPS, non-Loran, non-WWVB) systems, but to some extent that's a "chicken and egg problem"  Perhaps, but I'm assuming broadcast tv.  Single source.  Limited variability in path length.  I admit there  are limitations; my argument is that the signals SHOULD contain accurately-defined points, even if it is only one per I think that if there WERE some reliably-available timecode system, plus a cheap single-chip system to drive it, it WOULD be kept reliable enough because of demand.
Not much of a difference, given the context.  For example, I'm probably 1000
miles away from Boulder; it is highly unlikely that the path length
differences for the HF bands could exceed about 100 miles, or about 0.5
millisecond.  Given the context, it's accurate enough for anti-spoofing work
in networks.
. the  HF ones are WWV.  Commercial time receivers
Any more?  I don't think so.  GPS has probably pretty much taken over as the
"gold standard" for clock synchronization, I suspect.  Path length is known,
by definition, and the resolution must (as a consequence of the distance
accuracy requirements) be in the low-nanosecond level.
Thanks for the reference.
similar Chicken and egg, again.  I assume that any radio station can afford $300 for
a GPS receiver that can put out time accurate to 1 microsecond.  If enough
people start USING such broadcasts, they will be considered NECESSARY and
will be maintained.  The Receptor watch is an excellent interest-developing
product to assist in this problem; the only problem might be that errors of
greater than the 5 msec spec'd are not necessarily immediately apparent to
the common watch-on-wrist user.
I'm hoping some HV engineer will make a comment as to this factor.

@_date: 1996-01-28 11:05:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RANT: When hi-tech is a hinderance (freedom w/in limits) 
You don't know how right you are.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto
"Something is going to happen.    Something.....Wonderful!"

@_date: 1996-01-29 02:08:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: NWLibs> Re: Anonymous trashing of Assassination Politics 
I guess I should offer a partial apology, even though I'm not really responsible for this.  Jack Hammer is the on-air name for John Benneth, who is a local (to me, Portland, Oregon) "moderator" for a "advertised as controversial" radio talk call-in show.  He saw my Assassination Politics essay a few months ago, and for a few weeks just before the November sweeps Neilsen ratings period he was trying to bait me into calling in, thinking I'd be a sucker for a local audience. (He _needs_ controversy to be sucessful.)  Since then he gave up for a while, although he occasionally snipes at me.  I assume his interest will wax and wane as various ratings periods  come and go.
Thank you.  I guess...
BTW, I sent the file to you as A16.???  That isn't a really descriptive
name.  Please change it to something more mnemonic, like ASPOL.TXT or something.
Now, now, Rich, "Assassination Politics" is not a "conspiracy theory".  Or, at least, it's not your classic "conspiracy theory."  What about the wacky libertarians?  Why did you leave us out?!?  Waaaaaaahhhh!!!
I, on the other hand, am out to "get" the government.  But you'll be hearing more about that later.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto
"Something is going to  happen...             Something....Wonderful!"

@_date: 1996-01-29 02:42:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Doctor Denning 
Tim, trust me on this one.  Dorothy Denning doesn't have a PRAYER.  You already believe it, but I _KNOW_ it!
Jim Bell
Klaatu Barada Nikto.     This will become important...soon
Something is going to happen.  Something...wonderful!
(BTW, the above few lines, which looks like a canned signature, is not.
Careful readers will note that I keep typing it in, which means that it
isn't identical every time.  This should be a clue to all you lurkers out
there that I MEAN this; it's not just an idle macro.
(It also means that I'm going to have to RTFM on my Eudora to do automatic
signatures, but that's an ENTIRELY different story.)

@_date: 1996-01-29 03:40:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
I apologize for the error (presuming it's an error).  I was working from an old memory there, from reading a book called "A Bodyguard of Lies"  (William Cave Brown?) which addresses the misinformation/disinformation campaigns that went on during WWII.  And, of course, seeing the movie "The Man who Never
 Was."

@_date: 1996-01-29 03:42:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
It's interesting that we even HEARD about Coventry, but of course that was a British decision, a civilian target in an attack during an era where there were already plenty of attacks on civilian targets, and the British UNDERSTOOD why Coventry had to die.  (But I don't know WHEN "we" (the general public) first heard about Coventry.  Anybody know?
(For the historically-impaired:  Coventry was/is an English town (small city?) perhaps most famous from the Lady Godiva legend...but I digress...     British found out, I guess through Ultra, that it was going to be bombed.  Telling the inhabitants would have saved many lives, but (possibly) alerted the Germans that Enigma had been broken.  British made the correct choice:  Let the city get bombed without (much?) warning.  The value of keeping the broken-ness of Ultra a secret far outweighed the value of Coventry.)

@_date: 1996-01-30 01:56:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
Packrat, I agree with the (likely) implications of  your (tongue-in-cheek?)
commentary.  The fact that "nothing happened to Zimmermann" is scant hope to
us.  If ITAR is causing cryptosystems to not be built, merely due to FUD
(fear, uncertainty, and doubt) then it is actively harming us.

@_date: 1996-01-30 02:36:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Over-reacting? 
Hmmm..  It's odd that nobody has ever warned me of this before.  (Another
That's why I'm using the term, "over-reacting."

@_date: 1996-01-30 05:17:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Over-reacting? 
I really don't know why I'm being "killed" by May in this way.  He cites a rant by a local (Portland, Oregon) crackpot named "Jack Hammer."  I even took the time to apologize for his existence, while I do claim a certain lack of responsibility:  Basically, I'm being targeted because Hammer can't stand my essay.  (Whether May will even see my apology is in doubt, I suppose...)  While May certainly has the right to "killfile" whomever he wishes, it might be a bit more logical to do this in a graduated fashion, "killing" Hammer and then waiting to see if the rest of us follow in his

@_date: 1996-01-30 09:12:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Here's how you put your key on the keyservers... 
At this point, I think it would be appropriate to declare that I am the person Ted was communicating with, and the one he is referring to and (correctly, as I recall my own posts) quoting.  I am, yes, a real newbie, and I appreciate the indirect lesson in "nettiquette" he is showing by not identifying my private email to him.  I'm identifying myself for a number of 1.  I REALLY am a newbie (at least to most of Internet, and common usage of PGP, etc.), and haven't learned much of the ways of Internet.  (with a strange, short, early exception, which I will relate in another message if anybody has any interest in Internet history.)
2.  I want to solve the problems Ted presumably correctly identified in my signing.  (I use freebie Eudora, and WPGP, etc.)  I only started signing my posts when I got a copy of WPGP by Gostl, and it made things much easier.
3.  I did not want to make it difficult for him to fight off a potential MITM attack while, at the same time, complying with "nettiquette", especially seeing as how my key is not (yet) in any keyserver, which is obviously MY fault, not his!  I want him to be able to point (and, repost, with my full permission) any messages allegedly from me that he receives by private email, so that others might check the signature too with their own This  permission to him applies to any prior messages I've sent him, too, ideally so that anyone else can check the signature status against my sig.
Ted may be right; there may be a MITM attack.  More likely, it's a case of galloping NEWBIE-ITIS on my own part, sorry.
Earlier, when I just began using WPGP to sign Eudora stuff, I was told that my signature didn't match.  On the other hand, I was told by others that this is a common flaw of signing messages, having to do with line lengths.  When I first started sending messages, I didn't use the "Wrap" selection of Eudora (under the EDIT selection), meaning that my lines were as long as the paragraphs were typed.
Most people didn't seem to notice, I guess, because it took somebody a few weeks to eventually complain.  After that, I RTFM'd and adopted the practice of WRAPping my paragraphs to limit their length to "reasonable" values.  (although I would appreciate somebody explaining to me why this DAMN EUDORA can't seem to correctly re-wrap a paragraph after modification.  Hell, Wordstar Version 3.0 for CP/M (shows you how long _I've_ been into computers!) reformatted paragraphs just fine back in 1982 on a 12.5 MHz Z-80 (ask me how I did this and I'll tell you a LONG story!)
3.  Ted began to suspect a "MITM attack."  While I'm a newbie, I'm well aware this is "man in the middle" and am aware of the potential (dangerous!)
implications.  Needless to say, I can't even say for certain that such an attack isn't happening.  Yes, I am on no keyservers, yet, but I will try my best to follow his kind instructions and accomplish this feat.  And yes, I am reminded that I need to sign my OWN public key, which (being a f______ newbie), I haven't even done yet!  (This message will contain, however, BOTH my 1024-bit and 2047 bit public keys, unsigned, and I will sign the whole message with my 1024-bit key.  I'd sign it with BOTH, but I don't know if WPGP will even do this.  I'd sign a second copy with the 2047-bit key, except that would be wasting bandwidth.
I wrote that.
Thanks; I sorta assumed that, but until recently my usage of PGP was between me and my friends who knew me by face and voice, and who have my keys from hand-carried floppy disks that I gave them myself.
Okay, thanks for the details.  Again, I wrote that.
Okay, up  until now I've generally given out my key in messages, and signed the entire message with the key.
Someday I'm gonna understand this stuff!
Again, much appreciated.  I hate to RTFM.  Lazy bum, I.
I didn't check the signature of his message, admittedly.  Guess I need to give him some feedback, huh?
Unfortunately, the more I learn about encryption, the more "paranoid" I get!  Of course, I have a few more reasons than most, but...
[I deleted Ted Garrett's signature.  My own will follow my own two public My 1024-bit key.

@_date: 1996-01-30 10:41:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Thank you for verifying concurring.  I haven't read the Constitution in a
few years, so I was a bit hazy, but I think I managed to hit the nail reasonably well on the head.

@_date: 1996-01-31 19:54:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [rant] A thought on filters and the V-Chip 
What?  You mean you LIKE to read TV guide every week, cover to cover, in advance, to scedule your TV viewing habits?
Aw, admit it.  You're just still pissed 'cause I called  you a f------ statist.  >
Me, I'd like to be able to tell my "TV-Guide search engine" to:
1.   Look for this particular show or movie.
2.   Look for this particular star, director, or other participant..
3.   Follow a subject thread, say on the news.
4.   etc.
Maybe even a more complex (artificially intelligent) agent that "knows" me well enough to anticipate my desires.
You're entitled to NOT like it.  But I'm equally entitled to use modern technology to sift through 60+ cable channels, or 300+ DSS-type channels.

@_date: 1996-02-01 13:47:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Crypto-smart-card startup Inside Technologies 
This kind of thing disgusts me.  We already know 512-bit keys are weak.  As
I recall, I was told that 512 bit keys could be cracked in 20,000
MIPS-years.  If the ballpark formula holds that adding 10 bits doubles the
security, that merely means that 640 bits is 2**(128/10) or 8000 times
strong.  While obviously better than 512, it is not ENOUGH better to make me
confident that this is a long-term secure length.  768 or 1024 bits should
be considered the minimum.  A deliberate design of 640 bits makes it look
like it's intended to be crackable in 5-10 years, much as DES was suspected
of a similar design decision in limiting its keylength to 56 bits.

@_date: 1996-07-03 06:09:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
Also, you don't want JUST that atropine; trimedoxime and benactyzine are also  helpful.
BTW, the first symptom of sarin poisoning is a tightness in the chest...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 06:24:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: LOS_tit 
A commission which will probably be made up of government, ex-government, and industry people, totally ignoring ordinary citizens yet again.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 07:03:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
Once they start offering Internet news/email/USENET feeds (one way) by DSS-type dish antenna from satellite, it'll be mighty hard to figure out who's receiving the data. They could probably easily provide 10 megabits per second, which I assume would be more than enough for what's needed.
(BTW, for a few years a company called "Planet Connect" has been providing FIDOnet data feeds, although they use the older-style, large antenna systems, and their data rate is 19.2kbps, not even close to enough for Internet service.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 07:25:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: But what about the poor? 
Oh, but what a business opportunity!  I assume a floppy can hold 1000 keys.  Even if I undercut the going rate of $200 per year by a factor of 10, that's a potential income of $20,000 per floppy per year.  A box of 20 floppies on the shelf, and I'm set for life!
There's no doubt that the government will want to bribe the escrow agents, first to tolerate the system at all, and second to foster enthusiastic cooperation later on, and possibly even ILLEGAL cooperation.  Over-paying them is just one way to do it.
One thing that never ceases to amaze me is how the government can continue to ignore the likelihood (hell, certainty!) that since "key escrow" will only be attractive to the extent it actually benefits the user, such users will be served by escrow agents who store only encrypted  or anonymously-held keys.  These are inherently protected against any kind of disclosure, yet provide all the claimed benefits of key escrow.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 07:28:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: hard drive encryption 
You could just de-install and hide the drive.  Replace it with some old cast-off drive.  (The easiest way to get somebody to stop looking for something is to let him find it.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 12:33:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: But what about the poor? 
I'm assuming that the keys are, themselves, encrypted.
Easy solution!  Make 'em show up at the front door.  It'd cut down on the requests, I'd say...    This would be an excellent way of getting around the "response time" requirement:  The time the cops take to actually arrive and request the key is THEIR time, not that of the escrow agent.  Locate the escrow agent in Encampment, Wyoming, and see how many can find it!
However, this raises an interesting question:  Can key-escrow agents change the terms of their operation to delete such responses (or slow them...) for the cops?  Or, for that matter, can they charge the cops an arm and a leg for the key?  (Say, $100,000 per?)
Another question:  The cops probably assume that the escrow agent is NOT going to inform the key holder that the key has been delivered.  But if the stated policy of the escrow agent is that the key owner MUST be informed, what are the cops gonna do about it? Further, how are the cops going to evidence the existence of a valid warrant?  (As opposed to a forgery?)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 12:52:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
Hey, great job Chris!  Saw the news reports on the national news!  B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 15:01:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
Anybody know what the total average bps rate for, say, USENET is?
It sounds like it might be a good addition to a network of remailers...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 15:25:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
However, that AT+T fellow who revealed the phone records to the militia group would also be an appropriate comparison to destroy the "key-escrow" idea.  I assume AT+T had procedures in place which were SUPPOSED TO prevent this.  Well, key-escrow agents "will" also have similar procedures.  Why should we assume they will be more reliable?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 15:43:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: But what about the poor? 
However, what about an UNCOOPERATIVE escrow agent? (one who insists on signed paper, or for that matter insists that the judge himself shows up.)   Or one, at least, who sites himself in Borneo, on the top of a 4000 foot mountain, with a 386 laptop computer and a box of floppies, and who promises 2 hour services to anybody who shows up?  No email, no fax, no phone, no light, no motor car, not a single luxury....oooops....sorry about that...not even radio.  Moreover, if the escrow agent is out of the country, can any domestic laws force him to divulge keys?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-03 17:14:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SAFE Forum--some comments 
How did this affect the Macintosh's exportability?
I haven't bought a new VCR in a few years.  Is this real?  What prevented them from doing this 10 years ago?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-04 01:53:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
If you listen to the Feds discussing this most recent militia story, when they're asked what was the militia's motivation, they don't want to talk about it, and won't even speculate on more than the most unspecific, vacuous Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-04 09:04:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
But as I've pointed out elsewhere, there's a big difference between "We're gonna do this!" and "Someday we may have to do this."    My impression is that the government has tried to completely erase the dividing line between these two concepts.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-04 10:26:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Computer-Aided Revolution 
I've thought of an application for a "revolutionary" program for peaceful protest, but one that requires that a substantial number (1000) of people have access to computer time synchronized to 1 second, ideally 0.1 second.  How good would a time sync over the  net typically be?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-04 15:51:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ecash thoughts 
Low, maybe a tenth of an American cent.  But probabilistic payment should be used to allow the minimum average payment to go way below this, perhaps to an unlimited extent.  The reason is simple:  The cost of providing net transactions, and electronic transactions in general, can be expected to drop exponentially, just like the cost of telecommunications and CPU power do.  Any arbitrary limit to how low they can go will act somewhat akin to the minimum wage:  It will deter development of any product or service whose perceived value is less than this arbitrary minimum.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-04 17:47:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
As I understand it, the DSS broadcast (unlike older C-band units) consists of a single digital stream which contains the highly compressed (MPEG?) data representing all channels.  Being compressed, the data rate needed per channel varies  with the scene and the rate it changes.  Even if you add up a large number of these statistically-varying channels, you'll still get a fairly wide variation in the needed bit rate per second.   The system must have a substantial amount of headroom to protect against occasional times when many channels need a lot of bits, headroom that is mostly not being used, most of the time.  If this is correct, then most of this headroom should be available to piggybacked data traffic on a "space-available" basis.  Probably tens of megabits per second.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-05 06:42:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
A couple of decades ago, a relative of mine was in the Army Reserve.  Every summer, they went on exercises, and in one particular exercise (this is probably true of all of them, as well), they invented some sort of fictional scenario in which America was bordered by two fictional countries, the one to the south was called "Taco Land" and the one to the north was called "Big Tree Land."  I complimented him on the Army's ability to hide the meanings of these fictions so well!  B^)
Naturally, the Reserve went out and set up camp, etc, and did everything an army was supposed to do under such exercises.
So why were they allowed to do this, while ordinary citizens weren't?  Now, you may respond, "Hey, they're the Army, that's their job and they're allowed!"  Maybe.  But then again, as "ordinary citizens" we have a job to do as well.  And part of that job may involve ensuring that if the government stops being limited to the strictures of the Constitution, they can take it down and replace it with something better.  (See Declaration of Independence, for example.)
Frankly, nothing of what I've heard that this Arizona group did ought to be illegal.  I interpret the 2nd amendment ("arms") to include the dictionary meaning, "objects used as weapons," so I don't see any legitimate restriction of explosives.  As for scouting, practicing, and making possible-but-not-certain plans, I see nothing wrong with this either.  (Remember, the Army has plenty of plans, too... few of which ever are carried out.)
Then, unfortunately, your "logic" is atrocious.  If you see a likely enemy, it makes sense to identify his assets well in advance of any actual hostilities, even if those hostilities are not certain. (to fail to do so would be completely irresponsible.)   That's what these people appear to have done.
^          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
That's a CLUE.  The reason there's been "minimal discussion" is because the lap-dog media wants to avoid the entire "we're gonna do this/someday we may have to do this" issue.   It's not that they want to put the dividing line in a slightly different location, they want to deny that there is ANY SORT of a dividing line at all!  For the media to acknowledge that the people have a RIGHT to simply collect weapons of all kinds, including explosives, for a potential future confrontation with the government would, then, require debate as to how far this could go.  I think that would lead to the logical conclusion is that no action is illegal short of actually engaging in an attack.
I don't really see any valid distinction, here, except in _time_.
Local people can be expected to act locally.  They'll take care of their part of town, you take care of yours, right?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-05 11:47:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ecash thoughts 
I should have said, "about a tenth of a cent."  I didn't mean to imply a linkage.
At any given time, that's true, but over time the cost of that processing (per unit transaction) will drop, probably in some exponential fashion.  For an optical fiber transmission system, the cost of the fiber does NOT go up with the speed, since it's nowhere near its limiting capacity.  End-termination systems will be more expensive, but I suspect that's a relatively small fraction of the overall cost.  CPU cost will be significant, but then again the Moore's law trend will predominate.  CPU's probably have 1000 times the power, per unit cost, than they did in 1980 or so.  It would probably be over-optimistic to think that they'll drop the same ratio over the next 15 or so years, but it'll be enough of a reduction so that whatever costs appear to be limits today won't be then.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-05 13:10:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Altair emulator? 
So you always wanted to run an Altair...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-05 20:41:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ecash thoughts 
If  you're a store and I want to buy something that costs, say, $4.50, and we want to eliminate the need for change (for whatever reason) then I would pay $4.00 up front and we'll flip the electronic coin for the rest.  At that point, you already have $4 so I'd have no reason to welsh on the remaining 50 cents.
It obviously doesn't work this way if the minimum coin is larger than the current purchase...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-06 04:47:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
Well, whoever wrote those two lines above, he hit upon something I've long believed: The ability to force other people to (in effect) ignore dissent up to and including "terrorism" is extraordinarily valuable.  Remember the old philosophical question, "If a tree falls in the forest and there's nobody there to hear, does it make a sound?"  Scientifically, the answer's obvious. But _politically_ it isn't so obvious:  If an act of "terrorism" occurs and the government can cover it up (or merely cover up the terroristic cause), the government is probably actually better off (considering _only_ the government's own interests) ignoring it and not exposing an embarrassing vulnerability, or possibly an embarrassing guilt, which induced the terrorist to attack.   The government would probably have much preferred, for example, for 160+ people to be killed in an airliner that just happened to disappear off the radar screen and fall into the ocean, than the bombing in Oklahoma City, because the latter incident puts a powerful onus on the government to "do something" while an unexplained event  (or one where the cause is covered up) has no such imperative.  And I'm not talking primarily of retribution or punishment, either:  Today, the government's under some pressure to simply stop doing things that would be expected to lead to retribution, like Waco and Ruby Ridge, and the government's  misbehavior is highlighted by incidents such as the OKC bombing.
In addition, a potential "terrorist" is less likely to try something if the government is likely to be able to cover it up.  Ironically, this probably tends to induce such people to do things (like huge bombings) which _can't_ be covered up, rather than smaller, more individualized strikes.  That makes the non-governmental public less safe, which is a serious conflict of interest between the government and the citizenry.
I consider it axiomatic that whoever bombed the OKC building, he would have preferred killing one to two dozen people most responsible for Waco or Ruby Ridge than those who actually died.  The public has every reason to prefer this alterative as well.  The only people who can be expected to disapprove are government employees, who don't want to be held responsible (legally or "illegally") for what they did.
If anything, I think the public would be far better off if there was a mechanism to allow even these "terrorists" to speak directly to the public, without censorship by the governments or heightened risk of capture.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-08 16:35:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Style gettting in the way of clear reporting 
It is probably true that journalism was more concentrated in the late 1800's and early 1900's, since it consisted of a few newspapers.  However, I think a good argument could be made that because government was dramatically smaller than today, that concentration was not nearly as detrimental as it would be today under similar circumstances.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-10 11:24:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A case for 2560 bit keys 
I don't think it's going to make a great deal of difference.  We've "all" shifted to 1024-bit keys, even though it's unlikely anybody will have the resources to crack them for decades if not centuries.  And the moment any government prosecutes anyone with information obtained by a decrypt of a 1024-bit key, the (then) stragglers will join the rest of us at 1500 or 2000+.  The government knows this and there's nothing it can do about it, except possibly for GAK and it isn't making much headway in that.
The most negative part of a long key is the false sense of security it may engender in the weak-minded:  All key sizes are equally insecure from a computer black-bag job or a specially-engineered virus.  If you're really interested in your future security, probably the best thing you can do is to convince Congress to write legislation to ban negotiations and/or treaties with other countries which in any way ban or restrict encryption, preventing Klinton from doing an end-run around the Bill of Rights with regard to the 1st amendment.
Maybe it's just too much of a wish-list item, but a I'd like to see a legal prohibition on the government attempting to decrypt any information that it didn't (legally; with authorization) have the key to when it collected that Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-10 15:37:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MSoft crypto API's 
Unexplained:   What if the program Microsoft is asked to sign is not intended for export?  Presumably, NSA has no authority, then, and thus presumably Microsoft shouldn't be able to refuse to sign anything they're Question:  Doesn't this set up an action by Microsoft which would be actionable under anti-trust laws (if it wasn't done at the behest of Couldn't somebody IMPORT a piece of encryption software, have it signed by Microsoft, then take the XOR of the signed and unsigned software and export it?  (It's not a tool capable of encryption...)
Or:  Microsoft presumably has foreign branches, or at least it could easily afford to set up one.  What's to stop Microsoft from signing foreign encryption software outside of the US?  The software is never exported (since it's already outside the country...), so there's no USA-law involv
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-10 16:37:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Contracts, Responsibilities, and Drug-Dispensing 
All the kids need to do is to put their secrets in a file named "README.TXT" and put it in the root directory!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-10 17:10:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A case for 2560 bit keys 
I'm well aware of that.  However, I think we will shortly be entering an era where wiretaps are useless, and it will not be considered worth the risk to do them illegally, because the probability of being able to decrypt them will be so low.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-11 04:49:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MSoft crypto API's 
Yes, that's the anti-trust vulnerability I mentioned.  It is unclear if Microsoft could legitimately refuse to sign any software presented to it, regardless of its legal exportability.
I'm sure that will happen!
What MS would be signing for is the GENUINENESS of the software, not its effectiveness.  Sorta analogous to key-signatures in PGP.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-11 05:18:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MSoft crypto API's 
At this point, someone will probably claim that the export of a mere signature (or the XOR between a sig'd and a non-sig'd file) is, itself, prohibited from export under ITAR.  However,  I've pointed out in the past that even if that export is illegal, it could be done by an unknown "volunteer", possibly using means as innocuous as a paper envelope (with no return address?) mailed to a confederate outside the US.  Later, it could be mailed back to the (foreign) company who wanted it in the first place.
The foreign company would, of course, NOT be guilty of any export violation, because it had no part in the export, and it would just be a beneficiary of some (guilty) anonymous prankster's action.  This tactic would not benefit a domestic, US manufacturer of crypto software, because it still would have to export thousands or even million of copies of that software.
Also, another question occurred to me, today:  Let's suppose a piece of software was written which is designed to run on a Microsoft API, IF SIGNED.  If it isn't signed, it won't do anything.  Does that mean that it's legal to export, since it can't actually do any encryption?  If so, we may have the last laugh yet.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-11 05:44:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MSoft crypto API's 
However, see my commentary to Mike Ingle.  If it's a foreign manufacturer we're talking about, then even though  the export of the signed package might arguably be illegal, ONLY ONE copy of it needs to be exported, possibly by some anonymous person who has nothing to do with either company.  The export will be illegal, but once exported any recipients would presumably be able to do anything they want with the program.
So they DIDN'T want their pieces of silver, huh?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-12 11:02:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used to defeat the ITAR? 
I raised this type of idea on CP, twice, and didn't hear a peep about it!  (As recently as a couple of days ago.)  It doesn't entirely eliminate the illegality; it merely transfers that illegality to an unknown and thus unprosecutable person.  But yes, it appears that nothing would prevent this technique from working very well.
Any attempted prosecution would fare even less well than the example of Zimmermann and PGP 1.0:  There would be no illusion that an encryption product sold in hundreds of stores nationwide could be kept within the borders of the US, so the domestic manufacturer is safe.  The foreign distributor isn't violating any of his own country's laws, and probably not arguably any of the US.  Both companies could enthusiastically invite the USG to prosecute whoever actually exported the software, laughing all the way to the bank.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-12 14:29:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used to defeat the ITAR? 
I think the government's ability to "harass" writers of good crypto software has been severely limited by their failure to indict Zimmermann.  Remember, today they pretty much have to accept the fact that anybody can write any software, DOMESTICALLY, without any sort of legal impediment by the laws including ITAR.   This is particularly true of a company like Netscape, which presumably has the bucks and/or the political clout to make it a difficult target.  Any case against Netscape would probably take years if not decades to resolve, and long before this happened the world would have adopted good encryption regardless.
Look what happened when MIT put PGP on the Web:  "Nothing."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-12 19:10:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: I@Week on crypto export loophole 6/24/96 
I just read the article, and it's very interesting.  My first note on the subject was posted June 4, and follows below:   Maybe it's just me, but the solution to NTT's problem is obvious.  Even assuming that the export of this software would be against the law, why doesn't somebody simply violate that law?  RSA would publish that software, possibly encrypted with NTT's public key, on a public system protected against direct export.  "Somebody" would download it, write it to a floppy (taking care not to leave any fingerprints, and wetting both the stamp and the envelope with tap water, rather than licking them) and mail that floppy off to NTT in Japan.  (Naturally, you don't put a return address on that envelope.   The truly paranoid would first take that floppy to some store's PC section, and cross-load the data onto a floppy written by some other floppy drive.)
NTT finds that envelope in their mail, opens it, reads the floppy, decrypts the data, and say, "Wow!  It's the data we wanted to get!"  It verifies that the data is valid by emailing a copy back to RSA in America, who say, "Amazing!  Somebody has illegally exported our software!"
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with NTT using this software even if it is assumed to have been exported illegally.  Obviously, NTT won't _ask_ for somebody to do this, because then the government will claim it was all a conspiracy, but that doesn't prevent NTT from being the beneficiary of somebody else's activities.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-12 22:17:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: I@Week on crypto export loophole 6/24/96 
Well, lawyers have to be really careful about appearing to endorse something that's on the edge of legality.  Also, it's obvious that the advice given would be vastly different depending on who was doing the asking.  If it were one of the two companies potentially involved, they'd probably be told that doing this would be frowned on.  If it were the individual considering secretly exporting the program, he'd be told "Don't tell us!  And whatever you do, don't get caught!"
It's unclear if a foreign national on foreign soil can be considered within the jurisdiction of the US, especially merely for being the recipient of software whose export would have been illegal under US law.  If the copy is re-mailed to him from a third country, he doesn't even know for sure if the software was ever illegally exported.
And "executive orders" are already on constitutionally shaky ground anyway, as are export controls for crypto.  (As I understand it, "executive order" was originally considered binding only on government employees; it was akin to an order internal to a company.)  An executive order prohibiting a private-company's receipt of money for licensing fees on software which, IF EXPORTED, would require a license is straining credulity more than a bit.
And moreover, there's the question of whether or not this logic extends to any licensing regardless of how remote it is.  Could a US semiconductor company be barred from licensing ordinary semiconductor technology, if the foreign recipient of that license decides to use it for building an encryption chip?  What if they use it to build an ordinary DRAM chip that just happens to be installed into a crypto phone, perhaps by a third party?  Could the writer of a C++ compiler be denied the right to export simply because one foreign customer used a copy of that program to compile an encryption program abroad?
And,  they should be able to turn the royalty payment into something that achieves the same payback (say, the use of a logo signifying approval) rather than the specific use of a particular piece of software.
 and
"Getting away with it" probably involves no more than writing a floppy with software, putting a few stamps on it and addressing it to a foreign country, putting either no return address or a fake one on it, and then tossing it in a convient USnail box.  (Taking all the usual precautions against fingerprints, DNA testing, etc.)  In practice, the likelihood of getting caught if you're careful is somewhere between zero and nil.  Pre-encrypting the data with the recipient's public key makes it that much more difficult for the USG to show that it's being illegally exported.
As I see it, the most important issue is not the legal status of the one actually doing the export/mailing, but in fact the organization which is the recipient and thus, the beneficiary of this act.  _THAT_ organization will be well-identified, yet will not have done anything obviously illegal.  Is there any indication that Baker was trying to distinguish between the one physically mailing it, and those receiving it?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-13 12:48:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: I@Week on crypto export loophole 6/24/96 
Any indication about what the USG might be able to do, SPECIFICALLY, legally or in retaliation?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-14 01:13:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used to   defeat the ITAR? 
And that's what "our" government's coming to!  Does anybody still think that they're not going to deserve what they get?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-14 01:23:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: 
Bob, I think I'd feel a lot better about CDT if you'd explicitly withdraw any support for the Leahy encryption bill.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-14 17:32:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
A question to ponder:  If (anonymous) pay telephones didn't already exist, would they be allowed today?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-15 08:57:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Wrong.  Our "best shot" is to ensure that no "key escrow" legislation is adopted, and moreover export restrictions on crypto are eliminated.  _THAT_ is "our best shot."   The obvious problem with writing "voluntary" into any legislation (and thinking it actually means something!)  is that there is a vast difference between the dictionary definition of the word "voluntary", and the way the USG would like to interpret it.  I think most people define "voluntary" as something which is a free choice, devoid of coersion.  But that's already damaged when the government's involved.  Aside from robbing us of our assets in the form of taxes, the fact that it was able to do things like harass Phil Zimmermann for a few years (when, if there had been a "regulation"  concerning writing encryption, it would have said, "writing encryption is unrestricted and VOLUNTARY") clearly proves that the government tries to do manipulate us regardless of friendly terminology like "voluntary."
Clipper was always claimed to be "voluntary," but more recently they added to the restrictions, for example saying that a Clipper-type crypto phone can't be allowed to operate when connected to a non-escrow telephone.  Again, the government is getting further and further away from "voluntary" as most of us understand the term.
More importantly, I believe that the most fundamental right the public has is to be able to REFUSE a benefit.  Let's suppose, hypothetically, that we "all" could agree that that GAK would provide net advantages and benefits to the public.  I assert that despite this, the public is and should still be completely free to _refuse_ these benefits, and to go without GAK.  This position, the truth of which is obvious to most of the readers of CP, would astonish and frustrate government employees and their sympathizers.  Today, it appears that the vast majority of those that are paying attention to this issue agree that GAK is NOT desirable, and in any case they don't want it.  The simple conclusion is that as long as we aren't supposed to have a dictatorship in this country, the will of the public to _refuse_ the claimed benefit should be respected and followed.  Under those conditions, GAK wouldn't and couldn't happen.
Congress didn't write ITAR, nor did it approve ITAR.   However, the Burns crypto bill will, apparently, negate most if not all of the influence of ITAR on crypto.
"A Smith and Wesson beats four aces."  And if the government keeps pushing, it'll come to this.
That's not clear.  The _constitutionality_ of the application of ITAR to encryption is challengeable in court, with or without any actions by Congress.  So they DON'T have "absolute discretion."  Furthermore, regulations must (at least theoretically) conform to law.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-15 10:39:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Markoff on Clipper III 
It's called "mission creep."  And they didn't quite tell the truth:  Their main loyalty is to "government security" or even "job security."
Thank heavens for that!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-15 11:30:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Okay, "best" by which definition?
And don't avoid the question:  Am I not free to reject YOUR opinion of what the "best" solution is FOR ME?
"Realistic"?  Who's definition?
Meaningless tripe.  All you're saying is that people disagree.  People disagree about a lot of things; that doesn't legitimize opposing opinions.
We didn't NEED "any legislation to stop Clipper I."  Quite the opposite, anyone promoting Clipper NEEDS legislation to force it on unwilling citizens.
Why have the "system" in the first place?  No legislation, no system.  Simple.
  No, you're misrepresenting the issue:  You're trying to subtly suggest that we should have agreed with MOST of the Clipper proposal AS LONG AS it was explicitly made voluntary.  (Yet nothing prevents Congress from writing and passing a law which prohibits the executive branch of government from making escrow mandatory; they haven't done this.)
Quite the contrary:  I don't trust the government to implement any such proposal EVEN IF it is, ostensibly, "voluntary."  The voluntary/involuntary aspect is an excellent reason to oppose Clipper, but is by no means the only one.  Also, I don't trust the government's definition (and dynamically changeable interpretation) of the word, "voluntary."    Since Clipper was funded with tax dollars stolen from the public its very existence is already a violation of the "voluntary" requirement.  The fact that Clipper was developed without substantial public (and I mean PUBLIC, not some selected committee of bootlickers) input and debate proves that the government knew it could get no support for the idea.
One of the recently revealing aspects of the government's dishonesty concerning Clipper was a clarification which stated that Clipper telephones could not communicate with any crypto telephone that didn't implement key escrow.  But as anyone who followed the Beta vs. VHS competition saw, the market generally abhors two mutually incompatible standards, particularly if a certain level of compatibility  is required or is at least desirable, and particularly if there is no good reason to maintain BOTH those standads.  The main disadvantages to maintaining two tape formats was the inconvenience of sharing tapes with people who had the opposite format, the requirement that retail stores maintain two stocks, and the requirement that rental people support both formats.  There were no powerful incentives to maintain two standards, and thus one had to die.
 Crypto telephones, by definition, need to be far more compatible with each other than VCR machines.  They must actually talk to each other.   Imagine a world in which there were two different crypto formats, and for stupid political reasons they were entirely incompatible:  System "A" couldn't talk to system "B."  What would happen?  It's obvious:  One format would kill the other.  People wouldn't tolerate the compatibility.    The US Government wanted the surviving system to be Clipper, and to accomplish this they used stolen tax dollars to secretly develop a system that they hoped would nip the potential competing systems in the bud.  It didn't work, of course, but it is clear what they tried to do.   If, on the other hand, there was no impediment to system "A" talking to system "B", both systems could easily co-exist.  A few suckers would buy Clipper phones; the rest of us would insist on good encryption.  Clipper would eventually die, just as Beta VCR's eventually did.  The government understands this, that's why they inserted the requirement for incompatibility.
Hmmmm...  I thought Congress made arming the Contras in Nicaragua explicitly illegal.  Yet Ollie North got away with it, effectively.  What is it that makes you so certain that Government has gotten any more honest in the past 10 years?
And that's exactly the problem!  That's because it's also wrong.  We don't need to be "pragmatic" by YOUR definition.
Actually, in the past the system has "worked" by suckering in the public, in exactly the way you're attempting to do.  Tricking them into supporting things that were bad for them.  Remember the "Gulf of Tonkin Resolution"?
In a sense, we ALREADY have "the result," or at least a substantial fraction of it.  Development of domestic crypto is ostensibly free.  The only thing desired further in the elimination of any residual restrictions, WITHOUT letting the government set up any sort of key-escrow system, voluntary OR As far as I can see, cooperation at this point with the pro-GAK forces can only hurt the cause.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-16 07:07:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
I think it's Clipper 3.14159.   They seem to be going around in circles.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-16 08:54:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
It's not that we're expecting more...it's just that we're hoping for BETTER.
Well, that's where you're confused.  Our positions are not morally equivalent.  Despite trying to hide behind the smokescreen of calling the government's GAK position "voluntary," we all know that they are trying to misuse their influence to gently force us to use GAK, if by no other means that forcing the taxpayer to pay for the system as they have done already.  The opponents of GAK, on the other hand, are not denying to anyone the right to implement a truly voluntary "key-escrow" system, or more likely many privately operating ones.  However, such systems will be a service for the customer, not the government, and the key will almost certainly not be provided to the government on request, and in fact the key will likely be stored in an encrypted form that the government won't be able to use.
Quite simply, we do not require your "assent."  You should be trying to get Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-16 09:16:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Markoff on Clipper III 
If there is anything that is clear about GAK, it is a system which is NOT intended to benefit all citizens approximately equally.  The vast majority (over 99.99%) of the population will never be the victim of any sort of terrorism.  If anything, it's intended to provide job security for government employees who are increasingly aware that the unhappy villagers will be showing up at the castle with their torches.
The best thing the government could do to prevent terrorism is to simply stop misbehaving; to stop doing those things that make many ordinary citizens feel that they are far more a victim of their government that any terrorist or criminal.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-16 13:56:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Markoff on Clipper III 
No, it says "arms," not "firearms."   Firearms are a subset of "arms," which a nearby dictionary defines as "objects used as weapons."  By that definition, chemicals and biologicals, as well as explosives of all sorts, are "arms."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-16 21:01:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: #E-CASH: PRODUCT OR SERVICE? 
Notice he says there's PAYER privacy.  Payee privacy is possible, but not implemented by Digicash.  Payee privacy is going to be a feature of a SUCCESSFUL digital cash system.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-16 21:50:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: DCSB: Betting on the Future 
Hmmmm...  Betting on future events...  What a novel idea...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-17 00:43:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
This most recent dispute between the American government and the EC community with respect to trading with Cuba (Helms-Burton act) is an excellent example that can be raised to challenge the concept of cooperation between countries that are ostensibly "allies."  The Helms law says, more or less, that American companies can sue foreign-based companies for using assets taken by Cuba in business.  The EC countries are outraged.  Were some sort of international-GAK system to already exist, you have to wonder how much luck the USG would have getting some escrowed key for the purposes of catching some Cuba-trader in the act:  Not a lot!  There's no point in setting up a system that practically invites disputes.
BTW, yet another problem with any sort of key-escrow system operated across government borders is this:  Let's suppose some foreign government illegally wiretapped somebody (say, a Senator or Representative?) in America using a Clipper-type telephone.  They tap the line and get the data.  They then claim that this conversation occurred between two Colombian drug smugglers.  How is the American government going to know whether that's true?  Unless records are kept linking a particular Clipper chip set to the particular purchaser involved (all the way to the end-user customer), the keeper of the keys has no idea whether the evidence presented to justify the tap is actually associated with the data that is to be decrypted.
Yet another sneak:  If the system is REALLY a "key escrow" system, I should be able to get the decrypt key for my own telephone, right?  Well, suppose I buy a Clippper phone, call the escrow agency and ask for my key.  Then, I de-solder the Clipper chip from the board, do a black-bag job and swap the chip into another telephone that some bigshot owns.  He doesn't notice the swap, and nobody else will, either.  But at that point, I can decrypt anything I wiretap off of his line.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-17 03:53:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
"Policy"?  I'm reminded of the fact that the whole concept of "policy" (as used in Washington DC) contains embedded within it its own set of biases.  The concept of "national encryption policy" (a phrase I've seen before) implicitly assumes that there is (or must be) a _national_ policy, as opposed to a whole bunch of _individual_ policies.  (Jim Bell's individual encryption policy is to get PGP and use it here and there, and try to keep up with newer developments, etc.)  My opinion is that "nations" don't NEED "encryption policies" unless they intend to screw their citizens.
"Policy", used in this way, is merely a smokescreen (or a shorthand) for a group of assumptions that toe the government's line.  The people who make such assumptions rarely stick around to defend them.
To the extent that they are POLICY (as in _government_ policy) people (with all the biases I've alluded to) that wouldn't be surprising.  However, it is still extraordinarily dishonest for them to refer to an "emerging consensus" when they must well understand that the document they wrote was intended to be understood by ordinary people, not government-suck-ups.  I'm reminded of an idiotic cover for a Classical Music CD directory book about 10 years ago, which grandly claimed that the book indexed "every CD published" but forgot to add the word "classical" adjective to that phrase.  Without opening the book, you couldn't tell that the directory only listed classical CD's.  A "policy"  person who says there's an "emerging consensus" for key escrow has a similarly myopic point of view.
I feel certain that whatever portions of the business community that "prefers automated escrow" will get it, in forms which don't make the government particularly happy.
Most "chips" won't need to be escrowed, for reasons that have been adequated addressed so far.  Data transfer encryption doesn't have to be escrowed, as Tim May pointed out.  And, of course, an encryption chip needn't contain any sort of permanently-written key, thus obviating the need for "escrow" at all.
No, escrow DOESN'T follow!  I think most people who are aware of the issues figures that the advent of encryption will provide dramatic net benefits for the public, even after potential negatives such as criminal use of encryption are factored in.
I concede NOTHING.  That Act hasn't been funded, may not be, and with every passing month there are more people  on the 'net who will understand how unacceptable it is. It's also going to be irrelevant as encrypted telephones appear, and 'net telephone access becomes more common.  No new "baseline of principle" is produced.  Only the thugs who are trying to foist it all on us would like to believe this.
"the only counterargument"?    What are you, a comedian?
Which is not adequate.  To the extent I believe that the market will decide, if I model the market as a double-pan balance, which makes a decision as to which side is heavier, I don't want to see the heavy thumb of government pressing down on one of the pans.  That's precisely what the US government tried to do with Clipper, and astonishingly it appears to have failed.   To merely say that you're against "mandatory" escrow strongly implies that you would accept manipulation of the market in order to allow government to achieve its goals , as long as there is an illusion of a choice.  I won't, and I think most people won't, either.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-18 08:34:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Please explain why you think my comment above is phrased "in such an offensive way."  Hint:  If I'd really wanted it to be "offensive," I could have easily done that.
I notice your insertion of the term "legitimate."  As opposed to what?  Do you mean that you acknowledge that there is such a thing as an ILLEGITIMATE policy disagreement?  How can we tell the difference?
And there goes that word, "policy," again!  Containing with it, the assumption that governments (despite ostensible freedom of speech) have some sort of authority to regulate encryption.
Huh?  Developed in secret (secrecy, not merely for the technical details, but also for the broad overall concept:  the former might have been justifiable to some people, the latter was not!), using stolen tax dollars, and presented as a fait accompli to the public.  Oh, one more thing:  Apparently designed to NOT be able to talk to non-escrowed encryption systems, in an obvious attempt to freeze out competition.  The government was trying to misuse its influence here.
Obviously some new strange usage of the word "voluntary" that I wasn't previously aware of.
There you go again with that word, "legitimate."  Give me an example of an "_illegitimate subpoena_," will you?  One that someone is not obligated to fulfill.  What?!?  You can't?   Then why did you use the term in what is obviously (to you) a redundant fashion?
Not currently it isn't.  Laws concerning "escrowed keys" haven't been written, and in any case since they don't have to be stored in the same legal jurisdiction, cooperation with a given set of authorities is not only not guaranteed, but isn't wise.   Besides, the only thing I see in the US Constitution which compels a person's participation in and cooperation with a trial is a right of defendants to have witnesses appear in their _defense._  I see no corresponding right on the part of the prosecution to compel ITS witnesses to appear.
And you ignored the part about the ENCRYPTED stored keys.  If they're encrypted, then even if they're presented to the police, they won't be able to use them, law or no law.  Given a choice, I think most people would prefer to use an "escrow agent" (if they chose to use one at all; which I doubt) that is either guaranteed to be uncooperative to the government, or one which CAN'T be cooperative, because the material it has is not in a form useful to the cops.  As long as key-escrow is TRULY "voluntary," in the broadest and most accurate sense of the word, market forces will migrate to a practice which is best for individual customers as individuals.
There you go again with the word, "policy."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:24:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Symantec's Your Eyes Only 
This has been mentioned a number of times by various people.  It should be obvious that it is pointless to escrow the key of a data stream that you are not recording, such as a telephone conversation.  Also, if you have no permanent need for that data (also, the telephone conversation) it is unnecessary.  As might be expected, however, the proponents of GAK don't distinguish between keys for storage and keys for communication.  Such an oversight is predictable.  It's likely that governments will  be more interested in keys for communication, because the data is far more easily (and secretly) accessible.  Were they to admit that nobody has a need for his own communication data key, they'd lose a substantial fraction of their target data.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:11:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Code used by George Washington made available at last 
They probably declassified it a week ago, discovering that the "national security" excuse no longer appeared to apply.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-18 16:23:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An interesting instance of poltical anonymnity, now revealed 
If they really wanted to know who did it, why didn't they do a word analysis of the book, and compare it to known writers?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-18 20:49:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Opiated file systems 
It has long occurred to me, considering the size and low power of the typical 3.5" hard drive compared with the size of the typical house or apartment, that it might be an interesting project to remotely connect such a (hidden) drive to your computer using a reasonably surreptious link that is difficult to trace.  Say, an IR optical link, a single bare (unjacketed) optical fiber, a LAN with hidden nodes, or a similar system.  Maybe an inductive pickup.  In any raid, they'll have to decide what to take, and chances are very good that they won't find every hidden item.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-19 09:52:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
"Policies"?  There you go again.   A "policy," at least in regard to the US government, is not merely opinion, but is action.  Action which may (legitimately) anger people.  Action which may not genuinely be in the interests of American people, although you'd never get those government thugs to admit it.  If somebody overseas doesn't like a US government "policy," maybe the best thing to do is to determine whether it's actually beneficial to the ordinary American citizen, or whether its benefits can be achieved simply by changing government behavior.
So what's the best way to avoid "terrorism"?  Maybe the fastest, more efficent, and overall best way to avoid it is to get the US government to stop doing things that foment it, rather than trying to protect against it after the fact.
, have costs beyond the capability
None of which require government actions to achieve.  If anything, what is required is that governments STOP doing things which discourage such implementations of encryption.  Government is the problem, not the solution.
This is the classic Sternlight misrepresentation.  Chances are excellent that this public benefit you speak of is almost totally a benefit to government employees, not ordinary citizens.  Government's "solutions" are predictably skewed to maintain government budgets, not actually designed to solve the underlying problem.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-20 12:22:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I've had a substantially better idea.  Hang carbon-fiber bundles from the ceiling, which are charged to about 10,000 volts when an intrusion is detected.  They'll glom onto anything conductive within their range, and anyone with the bad fortune to be breaking into the house at that moment _might_ live to regret it.  (resistors could be added to limit the current to non-fatal but exceedingly painful levels.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-20 12:25:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bare fibers 
Unjacketed fiber exists, but since its primary use is to build up jacketed fibers and fiber bundles, it is rarely seen in industry outside of the companies which normally use it.  But it is available.  The fiber is usually coated with a very thin layer of clear plastic to protect against moisture and abrasion, and the diameter  is around 0.5 to 1.0 millimeters in diameter.  Terminating fiber is specialized; it is cleaved using diamond tools, and is usually polished after mounting in a holder.  These days, transmitters and receivers are easily available.  For a relatively short run, plastic fibers would probably be the best bet.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:37:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Kellstrom Calls for DT Funding 
Too bad these people aren't required to show specific examples where the "bad guys" got away as a result of their failure to be able to do wiretaps.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-20 14:13:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Singapore officials censor U.S. newgroup posting 
Isn't it too bad governments don't ban THEIR OWN actions  which "tend to bring the Government into hatred or contempt"?  After all, I think behind every example of "hatred or contempt" for government, you'll find an act by government which caused it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-21 04:49:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: US versions of Netscape now available 
s far as company policy goes, it's a good bet that we won't
I don't think there is any contradiction here.  ITAR arguably prohibits disclosure; it does not prohibit licensing WITHOUT explicit disclosure.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-21 04:54:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: lambda 2.09 - French Telco Act Censored? 
Lemme see...  The Europeans are now complaining about the US government pushing key escrow on them?  So where did that "emerging consensus" go?!?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-21 04:57:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ABC News on internet telephony 
I've heard it claimed that billing and customer service is half of their costs, at least.  If that's the case, then "flat rate" billing can't be far behind.   Prodded by "free" Internet phone, they can't avoid it for much Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-21 12:46:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape 
As far as I can tell, you need no "permission" to "provide these products", at least domestically.  The only restrictions that have been implied have been over the delivery of encryption over the 'net, and even that is Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-21 16:38:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ABC news on Internet Telephony 
Potentially.  However, there has been some mention of a new standard for voice compression that puts voice into 2400 bits per second, a factor of about 25 lower than the phone company normally uses. (They use 8,000 samples per second at 8 bits per sample, companded.)  At that rate, a pair of modern, 2.4 Gb/s fibers could handle 1 million simultaneous phone calls.  Since some of the newer fiber systems put 8 or more separate channels down a single fiber, that would work out to 8 million conversations.
I have to conclude that we shouldn't even be close to running out of Internet capacity, _IF_ it were driven by state-of-the-art fiber and similar-speed switches.  But it probably isn't.  At best, Internet probably only gets a fraction of the capacity of a given fiber wherever it flows.  This will have to change.
In most cases, "new fiber" isn't needed, and will probably only be rarely needed on long-distance links.  As I understand it, most cableways are laid with extra tubes, into which new fiber cables can be blown in (using compressed air) long after the trench is filled.  The specific example I saw, there were three 2" diameter tubes in a larger tube, and according to the contractor (I asked...) only one of the tubes would be filled at that time.  In addition, while he wasn't sure, he thought that at least some of the 36-fiber cable in that one tube would remain "dark," or unused until it was later needed.
I don't know how expensive it is to add that extra fiber cable into an existing tube, but it would be VASTLY cheaper than the original trenching operation.  Further, much of the improved transmission technology can be used on the older fibers to increase their capacity:  A fiber now used to transmit a single 2.4 gigabit signal can be upgraded, simply using new channelized transmitters and receivers to increase the data rate to 8 or 16 times the previous rate.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-22 03:45:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: pledge status 
Subsequent to the initial Waco raid, the government was claiming that the Davidians were "ready" for them.  I think it was easy to tell that this was a lie:  Had they actually been READY, far more than 4 agents would have been Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-22 07:42:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.28 - FBI Director to Testify at Senate Crypto Hearing 
POLICY POST Volume 2, Number 28                        July 21, 1996
If there is anything worth complaining about, it is that there simply hasn't been a "debate" in this "important policy debate."  The pro-GAK few have consistently avoided appearing in a format in which a genuine debate can occur.  And I don't mean a question-and-answer scenario either, whether the questions are asked by Congress or the news media.  I'm talking about a REAL debate, one where the pro-GAK's can be seen to _lose_ by being torn to pieces.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-22 09:01:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NCs (network computers) 
I think that the concept of "network computers" as presented is nearly a joke.   (It's a rehash of the common portrait of terminal/modem computers that was commonly promoted in the late 60's and early 70's.)   Their main advantage was supposed to be cost:  The "$500" figure is the one which is commonly presented.  However, in the middle of 1995 the components of computers which were NOT bargains were memory, which was kept artificially high by what I can't help concluding was price fixing, and over-priced CPU's from Intel.  The memory-price problem has now been solved after an extreme price decrease, and the CPU-price problem can be avoided to a great extent by staying with 486's or lower-end Pentiums.  What, then, are the remaining advantages of a "NC"?
The one thing that these network computers were supposed to save on, in addition to this, was a hard disk, but when I keep seeing those ads for $170 1-gigabyte hard disks, it's hard to imagine how anybody would WANT to save this amount.  Let's do a comparison:  Even a 28.8 kbps modem can't transmit much above 3500 bytes per second after decompression, which is about 3 million seconds of data to fill a 1 gigabyte hard disk, or about 800 hours.  You'd have to be buying Internet access time for $170/800, or 20 cents per hour, to justify re-loading anything twice from the Internet as opposed to storing it locally.  Hard disks are a bargain, and it isn't worth NOT having one.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-22 14:47:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.28 - FBI Director to Testify at Senate Crypto Hearing 
Okay, I should remember "never say never."  However, wasn't Clipper II about a year ago?  They're a little gun shy if they haven't arranged something since then.  I guess that's progress.
In any case, a gentle reminder:  I think you should withdraw the official position you originally publicized concerning the Leahy encryption bill.  Fair enough?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-22 15:35:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
"Post-bellum"?   B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-22 18:42:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NSA Lawyers Believe ITARs Would be Overturned if Tested in Court 
Which raises an interesting question:  Why aren't they (still) restricting PC-type computers for export?  While it might not appear to make a great deal of sense either, a PC is just as much a tool for encryption as the software which runs on it.  And it's obvious that given the two scenarios 1.  You have a $1000 computer and no (freebie) software yet.
2.  You have freebie software and no $1000 computer.
You're closer ($) to being able to do encryption with the former set of equipment.  And, of course, nobody's under the illusion that the government can keep the software bottled up, but they'd at least have a prayer keeping most 486 and Pentium-based computers from being exported.
I don't mean to give the idiots any ideas, and it's too late anyway, but...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-23 10:26:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape 
I don't know why you're quoting your own licensing agreement to me.  When I said, "you need no permission to provide these products," by "you" I was referring to your company, Netscape.  As in, you don't need the NSA's permission to write and sell good crypto domestically, even if (arguably) they can limit export.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-23 14:39:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Borders *are* transparent 
So how many keys can (for example) a 100 MHz Pentium try per second?  I assume it's known-plaintext.  Even at a million per second, that's still somewhere around 35 billion machine-seconds (average) to find the solution.  1000 systems operating, and it's around a year to a solution.  Doable, but not all that practical.
What about the possibility of using DSP's?  Is there any brand of 28.8 K modem which uses a "standard" DSP and EPROM firmware?  Such a beast might be the easiest way to get a large amount of CPU horsepower operating independently of the host computer.  DSP's are optimized to execute a large number of instructions with little I/O needs.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-23 16:42:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Intel, Microsoft doing Internet Phone Software 
If these people REALLY wanted to promote the use of Internet telephoning, what they'd do is implement a system where an Internet ISP could be "called" over the Internet by a person wanting to place an LD telephone call to that area, and (presumably using A/D and D/A techniques) rather than generating and receiving modem tones, woudl generate and transmit the audio over the telephone line.  That way, the target of the call would simply need to pick up the telephone and talk, as he would ordinarily do:  He wouldn't even need a computer.  He might not even know the call was going over the Internet.  The main problem with using Internet telephone is the coordination required between the receiver and the sender.  It would be like requiring a fax recipient to be at the machine when the call came in.  Perhaps larger companies will install hardware to attach their telephone systems to the Internet, so that an incoming call will automatically ring lines as usual.  However, being able to bypass this process for everyone, not just large companies, would be a vast improvment.  It would allow motivated people to use the Internet for almost all of their phone calls, not just the small percentage to the few people who happened to have Internet telephone.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-23 19:52:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Boobytraps and the American Legal System 
Contrary to all the old stories, quicklime (calcium hydroxide) actually PRESERVES bodies, it doesn't assist their decomposition. (It probably inhibits bacteria growth by raising pH, yet its alkalinity doesn't attack the organic material.)   What you want is a few gallons of concentrated sulfuric acid, which will hydrolyze the fats, the proteins, dissolve the calcium in the bones, as well as erase any traces of DNA left in the mixture.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-23 20:32:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Brute Force DES 
For grins, I decided to look at some old Intel data books; I had recalled that they build a DES encrypt/decrypt chip.  It was the 8294A, which could do 400,000 bytes per second, or 50,000 blocks per second.   That's fairly good for 1983 technology.   Since the clock rate of the typical microprocessor of the day was a 6-MHz 80286, and today's rate pushes 200 MHz, I think it's fair to conclude that a similarly state-of-the-art DES chip should be similarly improved, about a factor of 30, or about 1.5 million blocks per second.  That's somewhat less than 2000 system-years of (In practice, a cracker might be even more improved:  The 8294A used an 8-bit I/O bus, which probably limited the rate at which encrypts could be done:  400,000 bytes per second means 400,000 writes, and 400,000 reads per second, or 1.25 microseconds per I/O byte throughput.  This is sufficiently close to state-of-the-art for 1983 that I speculate the internal encryption rate might be substantially faster.  And remember that a dedicated cracker doesn't need to I/O very much:  Comparing with a previously-stored template requires no I/O, unless the compare is good, and that will rarely happen.)
Not that I think that such a dedicated chip necessarily exists; chances are good that there isn't all that much demand for a 12-megabyte/second encryptor.  However, appropriately-fast DSP chips tend to be at the cutting edge for wide-word operations, so I'll guess that the best way to implement DES today (absent a dedicated chip)  would be on a DSP.   It would also be the cheapest, because DSP's are built in huge numbers for other applications.  What this shows you is that there is a vast difference between doing a task on a fairly optized platform, and a general-purpose computer.  This _also_ shows you why the government is being highly dishonest by quoting the difficulty in cracking ciphers on scalar machines, rather than more-dedicated vector units.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 05:53:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bare fibers 
protected But how long?  I don't doubt that the effects you describe will occur, but I'm only talking about a _semi_-permanent installation.  My guesstimate (months) was based on the idea that the fiber would be short (say, less than a kilometer)enough so that even accelerated loss (microcracking) wouldn't appreciably degrade the transmission.  Also, I'm assuming that the fiber would be hung with enough slack so that swaying/growing trees wouldn't stretch the fiber appreciably.
They can tap a fiber by bending it over a small radius, which causes leakage around the OD without appreciably interrupting the signal.  Changes are pretty good that this would b
e the technology used.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 06:01:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: DAM_lin 
I've pointed out (primarily to Sternlight) that the whole concept of referring to it as a "cryptography _policy_" biases the discussion.  "Policies," in this usage, are the functions of governments.  Countries don't necessarily have any need to have a "policy" on cryptography.  In fact, one could argue that in a country where freedom of speech is in effect, no sort of restrictive "policy" has any place.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 16:02:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks for copy protection in recent Billbo 
Sampling produces essentially the same effect.
Sampling a signal of frequency f1 at a rate of f2 produces two mixes, f1+f2 and f1-f2.  The sum is sufficiently high that it isn't a concern, the difference could be.  If you have an input containing frequencies up to 25 Khz, and you sample it at a rate of 40 kilosamples per second, the input frequency of 25 kilohertz gets mirrored down to 15 kilohertz, which is far lower than its original frequency.  This is a problem!  Some of the early voice-scramblers used this effect, heterodyning the audio band with a higher-frequency signal and reversing it, changing higher frequencies to lower and vice versa.  Not particularly "secure" by today's standards, but it probably kept a few people from understanding what's going on.  I've heard, however, that with practice you could learn to understand such frequency-inverted speech, as odd as it sounds.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 17:32:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks for copy protection in recent Billbo 
No, Tim, the minimum Nyquist sample frequency _is_ precisely 2.000 times the highest frequency to be recovered.  However, what is somewhat less well-known is the fact that in order to keep higher frequencies from being "aliased" (reflected to lower frequencies by heterodyne processes) it is necessary to remove (by filtering) any frequency content above that maximum, before sampling is done.  Real-world filters (at least, _economical_ ones) do not have instantaneous cutoffs, so it is necessary to provide a little margin, in this case about 10%.
Fortunately, a play-only CD only needs output filters, and the input data (the CD disk itself) has already been limited to about 20 kilohertz, so its requirements are not so stringent.
The reason so-called "oversampling" started to be done on CD players is that interpolating digitally between samples results in a far higher aliased noise frequencies, allowing  either better performance with the same-quality of filters, or equal quality with lower-cost filters, or a combination of them Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 19:42:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape 
As usual, while you have at least the hint of a truth there, you manage to warp it just enough to be difficult to recognize.
Historically, the the government has had nominal control of the media.  The only civil disobedience that was _seen_ to be successful were the examples that made the news.  And the "only" examples which made the news were the ones the government wanted to publicize.  And the "only" examples the government wanted to publicize were the ones in which government "successfully" made examples of those doing it.  And the "only" examples where the government achieved this were the ones where the perpetrator allowed himself to be caught.  (my usages of the word, "only," are somewhat hyperbolic, of course.  In practice, they are strong probabilities.)
Your usage of the word, "legitimate" is quite slick (in the worst sense of the word, "slick"):  The only ones you're going to want to acknowledge were "legitimate" are the ones that either are already successful, or the few you approve of and are still waiting to be successful.
So, in a certain odd sense, it has been correct to say that the only "successful" (and thus, by your standards, "legitimate") civil disobedience has been that in which the perpetrator did it openly. And not surprisingly, anyone who does anything in such a way that he's not caught (and therefore, is also not subject to government-sponsored publicity) is a "coward" by your standards.  How convenient!  A rather sophisticated self-fulfilling prophecy.  No wonder you've got some people fooled into believing you're a good debator.
Fast-forward to 1996.  Today, the traditional news media is beginning to be seriously bypassed by the computer networks, and this process is accelerating.  No longer can the government keep enough control of the news media in order to help ensure that civil disobedience stays covered up unless they catch the protestor. Since everything else seems to be changing, it's no surprise that civil disobedience is, too.  Today, civil disobedience still needs publicity, but to achieve that it now DOESN'T need the cooperation of the mainstream media, or implicitly the government.  So a person doesn't need to be "caught" in order to win.  The _results_ must be publicized, the person or people who did it doesn't.   This represents a rather enormous change in the whole issue of civil disobedience, a change which is extraordinarily unwelcome among governments and statists alike.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 19:42:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Intel, Microsoft doing Internet Phone Software 
Excellent!  It seems that the one remaining piece in the puzzle is financial motivation.  Many ISP's might hesitate to install a "feature" on their systems which has the prospect of tying up some of their lines, with no payback.  As much as it pains me to face it, at this point what is needed is some system to pay the ISP's for maintaining and even upgrading their systems to make this whole thing practical.  Currently, Sprint is proud to announce that they charge 10 cents a minute for off-peak calls.  Could an ISP make money charging, say, 2 cents a minute for a similar service?  The main marginal cost is that of an extra phone line, which is probably about $30 per month or $1 per day.  Assuming the line is occupied 8 hours per day, that's 480 minutes, which means that the phone line costs 0.2 cents per minute.  Even if other costs increase this by a factor of 5 or so, there should be nothing to prevent an ISP from making money off a 2 cent per minute charge or even less.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:51:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bare fibers 
It occurs to me that a bare fiber could actually be (randomly) hung across treetops, roofs, power lines, and various other structures, over a many-block distance in suburban areas.    Such a fiber wouldn't be protected very well, but it would probably last a few months.  It would also be exceedingly hard to find its terminations, and tracing it would be a real pain.  (It probably wouldn't be visible against a bright sky more than a meter or two away.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-25 05:16:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks (long, getting off-topic) 
Isn't it odd that when music is sold, CD's are MORE expensive than cassette tapes, even though you _know_ that the manufacturing cost of CD's is less?
Another oddity:  The price for a blank, standard-quality videocassette is about the same as that of a blank, standard-quality audio cassette tape, despite the fact that the volume of tape included in the former is probably about a factor of 10 higher.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-25 05:40:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape 
Excellent point.  There's a difference (or, at least, there had BETTER BE a difference!) between following the laws and "doing everything the government wants, exactly the way it wants."  It would be interesting to see the specific explanation which was given Netscape as to why they were required (if, indeed, they were required...) to use a specific system.  It seems to me that a far more productive stance by Netscape would have been to say to the State Department, "We're going to put this software on the 'net.  We're happy to put in any precautions which are SPECIFICALLY required under law and/or ITAR.  However, we insist that you document the fact that they are required, with full and complete legal explanations for your assertions.  Moreover, we insist that you explain why this position is consistent with MIT's posting of PGP."
At the very least, this would have set the government's position WRT ITAR in stone,  Part of the reason the governemnt has gotten so much 'mileage' out of ITAR is the fact that they morph it to do whatever they want, whenever they  want.  The best way to fight this is to tie down their position.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-25 13:03:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Distributed DES crack 
I'm skeptical of any attempt to use general-purpose computers to crack DES.  For example, if you could get a Pentium-class system to try 100,000 keys per second, that's about 200 million machine hours for a total keyspace search. Even if the power consumption of the hardware was the only cost, and assuming you could get the consumption of an individual machine down to 100 watts, that's 20 million kilowatt-hours  of electricity, or somewhere around $1.5 million at 7.5 cents per kwh.  That's not particularly promising.
However, assuming DES can be implemented by a number of 64-bit wide pipelined stages within a single chip, it should be possible to have that chip do a single key per clock cycle, perhaps at about 50 megahertz. (This would probably be trivial on a full-custom chip.  Whether it could be done straightforwardly on a hard-wired gate array, or a FPGA, I don't know.)   Tiled on a pc board perhaps 10 by 10, it would check 5 billion keys per second.  This works out to 167 days to search the entire keyspace.  Electricity consumption is almost ignorable:  Even if that 100-processor board consumed 1 kilowatt, that's still only 4000 kilowatt-hours, or $280 at 7.5 c/Kwh.  The reason for this enormous difference (about 5000 to one) is mostly due to the fact that general-purpose computers are very inefficient at solving this problem, but also partly because a typcal Pentium-class computer keeps a large amount of circuitry powered up all the time, and not just the portion needed to solve a CPU-bound task.
Obviously, costs other than electricity are the dominant factor with a specialized-hardware approach.  But the only attraction of the farmed-out (borrowed) general-purpose CPU approach is the fact that the computers are already paid for, and the elctricity will be paid for by somebody else.  Once the average participant realizes how wasteful this solution is, he will likely balk.  It would be far more economical to take 10% of that electricity cost (possibly in the form of donations), maybe around $150,000, and build the custom hardware that could be used again and again.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-25 13:31:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape 
That still doesn't make since.
First, there were laws.  And we had to obey them.
Then, they added ITAR.  And they want us to obey it.
Finally, it seems, they're giving us "guidelines."  Not law, Not ITAR.
Next it's gonna be their their fondest desires, their preferences,and finally their whims.
What's wrong with this picture?    Do I detect an ass-kissing contest?
You should have told them that if they're "evaluating their guidelines" that means that NO future modifications to those guidelines is binding on you, since it is not part of ITAR and is CERTAINLY not part of the law.  You should have memorialized the contact with a lawyer's letter, and promptly posted the new version of your software with whatever version of the precautions  (MIT, RSA, or?) you felt most happy with.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-25 14:46:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks (long, getting off-topic) 
I'm afraid that quantitatively, this is utter nonsense.  A relevant data point is the fact that for about $1000, anybody can have 1000 copies of a custom CDROM manufactured.  That, by music industry standards, is an EXCEEDINGLY low production run.  The difference in cost between such a CD, and one made in quantities of 100K to 1 million can't possibly exceed 90 cents or so.  While the early days of CD's were marked by lack of capacity, it is obvious that if the pressing plants are now accepting orders for pressing runs of 1K or less, there is plenty of capacity left in the industry.  The extra manufacturing cost for those extra titles certainly can't be found in the cost of production.
So how about record stores?  Are you suggesting that the fact that there are "too many titles" are somehow increasing costs so much that $8 vinyl turned into $13.95 CD's?  But how can this be?  CD's are physically smaller than vinyl records.  Cheaper to transport and store, and cheaper to display.  And they are certainly not more expensive to advertise!
No, the number of titles available has essentially NOTHING to do with the price.  I'm truly astonished that you would think this to be true.
Then why is it more expensive to market a cassette audio tape, over a videocassette?!?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 05:01:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
My guess?  They all agree to kill whoever made that suicidal rule.  Otherwise, all but two would end up dead.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 05:05:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks (long, getting off-topic) 
If what Duncan said were true, then you'd see music stores spring up which sell ONLY the "Top-40 stock", but sell it for pre-CD vinyl prices.  They'd get all that business, and OTHER record stores would sell the obscure stuff.  That's not happening.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 07:58:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Netscape 
Agreed.  Writing good crypto is certainly praiseworthy and desirable, but it does not "fight ITAR," per se.  (It fights lack of crypto, which is not the same thing!  Lack of crypto certainly needs to be fought, as well.)
Writing the software and selling it domestically is, at best, "ITAR-neutral."   Putting it on the net in the most unrestrictive way the State Department has previously approved of is also "ITAR-neutral."  (Because such a method is, presumably, within the rights of anyone; we can conclude this because "the State Department said so.")
A _PRO_-ITAR stance is one in which a company or person puts restrictions on his distribution of that software above and beyond what have historically been approved, particularly when prior distributions of software are still going on with those previously-approved restrictions. They may be absolutely entitled to do so, but that's still pro-ITAR.  For a small and uninfluential company, the significance of doing that is minor, but for Netscape, it's crucial because it practically invites the government to set a new precedent beyond what they (the government) previously thought they might get away with.
Yes, if we really oppose ITAR, we should kill it by insisting that the government fully document it at every turn.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 11:15:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Yes, my answer was quick, flip, and partly wrong.  It turns out the answer is probably indeterminate, because the amount people want to live is indeterminate.  Consider:
If two were left,  would get everything by the rules.  (he would propose, "I get everything!"  The vote would be 1-1, or 50%, which would win.)
If three were left,  knows that if  is eliminated, he would win as above.   knows this as well, and is motivated to make a deal with  to prevent this.   is also motivated to deal, because if he can't get an agreement he's not only out of the money, he's dead.  How they choose to split up the money is unknowable, I suspect, because of the "death" aspect.   could also deal with  if  terms were onerous.  This problem would be simpler to analyze (and probably determinate) if anyone whose proposal was rejected was simply out of the game, rather than dead.
There's another complicating aspect. Voting order is important.  According to the rules,  must make a proposal, which needs to be voted on.  Obviously,  will vote for it.  But even if he's come to some agreement with  will  vote yes?  If  votes no, 3's gone and  wins everything.   So  couldn't trust  to vote yes. particularly if  voted last.  If  voted last, and  defected,  might vote for it, _IF_ it was more desireable than "zero" for him.
Could  make a proposal like this:  "I propose that the money be split up among all who vote for this proposal."    would have to vote for it, else he'd get nothing.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 11:17:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CD Prices and Inflation 
I think you're trying to hide a 5-year effect by immersing it in 30 years of change.  Yes, we've had inflation, but the large spurt of post-Vietnam inflation was basically over by about 1983, when the CD was introduced.   At that time, the explanations for the higher expense of CDs included the fact (then true) that they were costlier to manufacture due to the lower volume and lesser competition, as well as a lower production capacity. (all of these effects were essentially eliminated within 5 years or so.)   At the time, I recall that most vinyl was around $7 or so, and CD's typically sold for $15.  By 1988, therefore, CD prices should have dropped to the same as vinyl, plus whatever inflation had occurred in the 1983-1988 time frame.  (20% total?)  $9.  Maybe.
You'll respond, as you did, that SOME CD's are available for $9.00  Yes.  A few.  (But  it's now 1996, and 1988 was 8 years ago, and back then $15 pricing rule was not frequently broken.)  When they're on sale. But the vast majority are stuck, as if by glue, to the $12-$15 price range.
I think most people understand, implicitly, that "there's something going on."  We don't pretend to be able to quantify it, exactly, but it's there.
Here's a proposal that I think would fix the problem.  What if the copyright laws were amended to allow _anyone_ (individual or a company) to copy and sell any CD, paying the artist a royalty 20% greater than he'd get from the contracted record company, _and_ paying the originating record company, say, 50 cents royalty per CD.  The company doing the "legal bootlegs" would still have to pay for its own production, distribution, and any other costs.  This wouldn't be practical if the pricing by the main record company is reasonable; it becomes quite profitable for them if they are in competition with $15 discs. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 11:30:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
My previous answer was incomplete, of course.  I continue to believe that the problem is unsolveable as stated, if for no other reason than the "weight" of the negative represented by dying is not stated.  It's a VERY complex problem, unless there's some trick I'm not seeing.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-26 18:52:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fireworks expected, missed at Senate crypto hearing 
What does that mean?  As opposed to what?  (Gorton's my Senator, and I'm going to give a little feedback to his local office...)
I guess that makes me an unreasonable person!
Well, that's just the problem...for _him_!  Sometimes actions lead to hard-to-predict outcomes.
Wishful thinking!  Not only is it too late now, it was too late with Clipper I was proposed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-27 03:09:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Produce 7 Hertz Frequency 
Secant ye shall find!  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:46:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Here is my best (currently!) guess at an APPROXIMATION of the solution.   In order to avoid the indeterminacy of the weight of a death versus money, I assume that a solution can be found on the first proposal.  (presumably, the first chooser is _motivated_ to find one, right?!?)  This means that the 1st chooser must select a distribution that will make at least 50% happy.
The first wild guess is that he's offer equal shares of the money to himself ( and the next nine (  But the problem with that is that the higher-numbered people might feel inclined to defect, possibly figuring that by getting rid of the people before them, they could increase the size of their likely reward.  Probably the solution is to offer those higher enough money so that they have no reason to defect.
The amount that should be offered to each could be related to the maximum amount that person might reasonably be able to expect, if all of the people ahead of him in line had been eliminated.   and  can, at best, expect 1/10th of the reward each,  and  can expect 1/9th,  and  can expect 1/8th,  and  can expect 1/7, and finally  and  can expect 1/6.
Of course, all this adds up to more than 1 (actually, 1627/1260), so the result must be normalized to bring the total amount offered down to "1".  BTW, as extra "inducement" the people at the beginning of the line (2, 3, 4, etc) can agree and publicly announce that if anyone between 2 and 10 defects from this arrangement, he will be passed over in subsequent iterations of this process, selecting people starting from  and above in their place.  Thus, the people between  and  are strongly motivated to go along with this arrangement from the beginning, particularly those near Of course, this raises yet another possibility.  Suppose  made an proposal like this:
"The money is to be split equally among everybody who votes for this proposal."    The high numbers (11-20) are motivated to vote for this, for fear that in the absense of such an agreement the low numbers would agree to split the pot without them.  Likewise, the low numbers would be inclined to get an agreement rather than risk having their proposals rejected and them killed.    Anyone who defects risks losing out on everything.
(However, in order for proposals like this to be properly evaluated, it is necessary to establish certain issues, such as whether there's a secret ballot or not, etc.  Also, even if the results of the ballot are not secret, are the votes revealed all at one time, or are the participants polled individually, and in what order.  Can a participant adjust his vote according to the votes of another?)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:47:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Distributed DES crack 
I've proposed that if it were done in this way, the circuit should be built external to a PC-clone or other computer, so that it can be easily tiled on a large pcb, in an "n by m" array.  The reason is that if an individual cracker module were as simple and cheap as it should be, a person could easily want to run dozens if not hundreds of them. Communication would probably be done with a single serial data bus, with each module individually addressed.  Due to the nature of the DES crack, communication would be rare, so it's likely that an ordinary '386 or '486-based computer could handle all the communication for a large number of such modules.
 I don't know if the figure of $10 thrown around for an FPGA is accurate, but if it is then a cost of $30 for each subsystem is probably doable, including pc board, assembly, and a few other components.   A cost of $3000 for a 10-by-10 array seems reasonable to me, particularly since the throughput of each of those FPGA's ought to be at least 10x that of a general-purpose PC in this application. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-27 08:00:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Solution? 
Getting closer:
 says to the rest:  "We're going to have a sequential vote,  to   The first 10 who vote "yes" to this proposal get to share in the loot,  must vote in favor, obviously.  The second can "guarantee" himself a part of the pot, if it's given out in this first round, by voting "yes."  The  is only motivated to vote "no" if he thinks he can get a better deal on subsequent iterations, and it's conceivable there won't BE more iterations if at least 9 people after him vote "yes" and he's voted no.  Also, if this first proposal is rejected, the  wouldn't be in an appreciably better position than  was.  So  will vote yes, as well.
This procedure will repeat.  As more people vote "yes," the danger in defecting (voting "no") will increase, because it will be effectively certain that  someone else will collect that reward.  As long as there are more people left to vote than would be necessary to increase the vote total to 10, nobody can afford to vote "no."
So the proposal will pass, and the first 10 intelligent people will win. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-27 10:43:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bernstein files for partial summary judgement in crypto case 
Maybe it's just me, but why would even the _certainty_ that a publication will "surely result in direct, immediate, and irreparable damage to our Nation or its people" justify violation of 1st amendment rights?   There are, certainly, kinds of "damage" which should not warrant prohibition:  If, for instance, a business regularly cheats its customers, my investigation of that behavior and revealing it publicly would certain "damage" that business, but we conclude that's justified if for no other reason than it's the truth.  Would digging up an embarrassing revelation about "our Nation or its people" constitute "irreparable damage" sufficient to justify concluding that the 1st amendment didn't apply?  Had the fact that we'd slaughtered Indians in the late 1800's been kept secret until today, would its discovery and publication be that "irreparable damage" that regulation could legitimately seek to prohibit?  Would the news that the events leading up to the "Gulf of Tonkin resolution" were a fraud cause "irreparable damage"?  Would finding out the truth about the Watergate incident cause "irreparable damage"?    In a sense, speaking of any of these incidents might cause "irreparable damage"  to government and people, but it's "damage" that a person should simply be entitled to do, given the concepts of free speech and the 1st In short, I don't think Bernstein should give an inch.  There may, in fact, be limits on the 1st amendment, but I don't see this as being one of them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-27 13:22:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Freeh Testimony 7/25/96 
Here's a question I'd like somebody to ask Freeh:
"There are some people who believe the development of uncompromised good encryption and easy communication, represented by the Internet, will lead to a world with drastically less _need_ for government, and a world that will be essentially ungovernable by centralized governments.  You are a representative of government, first and foremost.  Your job and salary and pension may be on the line if these predictions are true.  To what extent is your position on key-escrow/GAK designed to resist or prevent such an (He'll probably answer that he doesn't understand the question..."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-28 01:12:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Four Horsemen Go to the Olympics! 
The "funny" part of it, for those who remember the spate of hijackings in the early 70's, is that he hijacked a Cuba-bound airliner...to Miami!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-28 03:15:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Olympic bombing 
This was on another list.  It expresses my sentiments quite well.
bud.indirect.com (8.7.4/8.6.6) with SMTP id UAA15498; Fri, 26 Jul 1996
20:36:06 -0700 (MST)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-28 14:20:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Twenty Beautiful Women 
"Come again?"
[quickly ducking...]
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-29 07:20:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: your favorite poison recipes 
I recommend a book called "Handbook for Poisoners," by Raymond Bond.  While it is mostly a collection of (mostly fictional) poison stories, the forward is a rather extensive non-fictional summary of poisons as was commonly known when the book was written, in 1950 or so.  The main problem is that it doesn't include the various anticholinesterases then known, such as Tabun or Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-30 12:13:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Clinton must like terrorists... 
Clinton must like terrorists... because his most recent proposals will end up making more of them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-30 14:07:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Denning vs. Gilmore 
The Wicked Witch of the East wasn't "ready to accept" a house being dropped on her.  Denning's personal desires are equally irrelevant.
I consider the primary benefit of good encryption to be the "hindering the ability of law enforcement to perform" the particularly abusive "mission" they've chosen for themselves.
Many if not most of us out here believe that the ("probable cause") system is abusive, and has all the prospects of continuing to be abusive in the But some of us consider such access to be unconstitutional, however "useful" you may believe it to be.  In the past, the government has had the extreme luxury of not being forced to convince the public of its "right" to wiretap.  Now, the advance of technology is forcing the question of such approval to be answered, and the Denning-types are getting really worried that the public isn't going to give that approval.  Tough!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-31 03:57:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Taxes in the digicash world 
If, for every $1 somebody paid in taxes, he instead (or, in addition to) paid 10 cents to a fund to eliminate the tax collectors, at the end of that year he wouldn't be paying any taxes anymore.  That's why AP will work so well.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-31 06:21:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: You know it's getting late when... 
Last night on (as I recall) the CBS evening news, I heard a comment by a reporter that further reinforces my opinion that "they just don't get it."  The reporter was talking about terrorism versus the amount of "security" applied, and he was pointing out that Americans  know the bombing had occurred in Saudi Arabia "despite the fact that political opposition there is practically illegal."   (fairly close quote)
Huh?  "despite the fact that political opposition there is practically illegal"?    "Despite"?  Suggesting, apparently, that the more oppressive the rule, the LESS likely violent opposition is expected to be?
I suggest a rewording:  "the bombing in Saudi Arabia occurred BECAUSE OF the fact that political opposition there is practically illegal."
Ostensibly, one of the reasons for having a free and fair political system is so people will not be inclined to throw bombs and plot violent revolution.  Grandly ignoring this, that reporter seems to take the diametrically opposite tack:  A totalitarian government can best avoid bombings and violence.
Where do these people learn their political theory?
One frequent line among reporters is that terrorism used to always be something that occurred elsewhere, not in America.  Yet another thing that "never" seemed to happen is when nominally patriotic, even conservative people talk of throwing out the government due to oppression.  (Such an activity is thought of as primarily the function of the young, usually the liberal, as in the civil rights and anti-war demonstrations of the 1960's.)
I wonder when it will occur to these reporters that there may actually be a connection there somewhere!
If anyone out there still doubts that the time for my "Assassination Politics" idea will never come, I claim that it's later than you think.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:44:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Denning vs. Gilmore 
Quite!  I wish somebody would ask her why such a tiny fraction of the population (government functionaries, and a small fraction of them to boot!) should get their way and force (with varying degrees of the word, force) their idea of heaven on the rest of us.  Despite their claims of an "emerging consensus", only an extraordinarily small group thought up GAK and has been promoting it.  Whatever benefits are claimed for that system, I've always contended that we (as citizens; or, as individuals) should have the right to reject it.  Are they unwilling to take NO for an answer?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:57:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: VISA Travel Money 
Even if not, chances are good that "all" of the transactions can be linked together, even if they can't be directly linked to an identifiable person.  Doesn't sound too promising.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-31 09:10:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
For over a decade, the ham radio community has been familiar with the phenomenon of handheld, microprocessor-drive "rice radios"  (because they're usually Japan-built) which contain an internal limitation keeping them from receiving or transmitting out of their band.  These radios are built for the world market, and are "programmed" by installing (or not installing) various diodes on a PCB.  Removing, adding, or shifting diodes is an easy trick, and restores full functionality to the device.
What's to prevent a software writer such as Microsoft (or anyone else, for that matter) from writing two versions of a program (domestic and export), perhaps containing a difference as minor as a two-byte EQUate representing the maximum number of bits that are "allowed" in the key.  Everything else is identical.  Making a change would be as simple as bringing up a hex editor and changing those bytes.   (okay, admittedly that won't seem simple for most people, but a simple single-purpose editor program would probably pop up for the purpose.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-07-31 13:29:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Dry Under the Waterfall 
Don't forget the pipe-bomb designs!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-01 03:49:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FPGAs and Heat (Re: Paranoid Musings) 
However, I think it very unlikely that an organization like the NSA would bother with an FPGA to do a cracking engine.  FPGA's have substantial limitations, as you alluded to above, due to the need to make them "general purpose."  A non-field programmable Gate Array, a hard-wired chip, would tend to optimize the interconnections on chip including minimizing the delays, but not incur the full-custom costs such as the penalty for low volume.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-08-01 09:36:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "An who shall guard the guardians?" 
The timing of the revelation of the investigation's interest in Jewell, the rent-a-cop, is highly suspicious.  We have now learned that (contrary to previous reports that the bomb exploded 18 minutes after the warning was given by telephone), in fact the 911 people wasted about 10 minutes trying to figure out the address of the park.  Even though this story did indeed get reported by the media, a little, "as if on cue" the interest in Jewell was leaked. It gives the media something to talk about other than the known official screwup.
A coincidence?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-01 15:45:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Anonymity is bad," says a source who wishes to remain anonymous 
But Tim, you know he is absolutely and literally correct!  It will, indeed, cause SERIOUS problems for those law-enforcement officials.  It'll put'em out of a job, at the very least.  Termination.  Possibly with extreme prejudice.
Seriously, however, for once I'd like to see some reporter pursue this kind of allegation with the person they're talking to.  He should ask, "what percentage of existing crime could be accomplished more effectively with good encryption that the cops can't break."  The truthful answer is, "not too damn much!"  It seems to me that official-types must be thinking overtime about this kind of thing, because we're getting so much out of them along these lines.  They're scared, for sure.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-03 05:14:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [Off-Topic]  "Curfews" 
This, the curfew situation, is yet another of the reasons I'd favor "playing hardball" with the government.  I'm very much against discriminatory enforcement, but on the other hand I don't think my liberty should be dependent on getting an organization like the ACLU to look out for and complain against discrimination against me. I feel if a group of left-handed albinos think the police are being too hard on left-handed albinos, they shouldn't have to convince the ACLU of this, and should be entitled and able to fight back effectively and prevent what they view as abuse.  True, such a situation may occasionally lead to abuses, but I strongly expect that those abuses will be far fewer than the current Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-03 06:06:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Java Crypto API questions 
We've heard this assertion before.  Why not import the software, generate a detachable signature, and then export the signature for re-attachment overseas?
Surely export of signatures isn't controlled (even arguably) by ITAR.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-04 04:56:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Java Crypto API questions 
But you haven't explained why somebody can't export JUST the signature.  You know, import the software, have Sun sign it domestically, strip off everything that isn't a signature, and export the signature.  Append it to the un-imported code outside the country.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-04 08:48:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Java Crypto API questions 
That doesn't mean that they are, LEGALLY, export-restricted.  Microsoft can't generally bind third parties to agreements with the government.  Even in circumstances where it might appear that they can enter into an agreement with a customer, Microsoft is sufficiently big that any terms it forces on customers are automatically suspect of being oppressive, especially if there is no valid business reason for a particular restriction.  Besides, a violation of any such agreement is merely a violation of an agreement with Microsoft, not the USG.   It is unlikely Microsoft is going to take individual customers of their customer to court for violation of some no-export agreement.
Even if it is arguable that the signing of a piece of software constitutes a "defense service," that service is performed for somebody, domestically, who delivers that software to Microsoft.  Once that software is signed, the "defense service" is over and done with.  At that point, you merely have an object, a signature, which cannot encrypt or decrypt data.  It is even less useful than a microprocessor or RAM at facilitating encryption.
 It makes slightly less sense to me than the rest of the crypto I think you've hit the nail on the head:  The Feds were well aware that Microsoft had plenty of money to challenge them in court, and they would almost certainly have lost.  So the Feds gave in on the API issue, and in exchange Microsoft agreed to publicly state that "the signatures on crypto modules would be export-restricted."  Doesn't make it so.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-04 13:31:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Java Crypto API questions 
Sure about that?  Is a microprocessor an "ancillary device"?  A DRAM module?  A hard disk?  How about an operating system, which stores and retrieves data for an encryption program?  How about a BIOS?  What about a keyboard?  A video display?  I think that any definition of "ancillary device" which is so broad as to include signatures just about has to include any any of these things too, but it won't be considered such because the government has already lost the battle on hardware exports.
A signature is just that:  A signature.  It doesn't encrypt or decrypt.  It doesn't even ALLOW the system it's in to encrypt or decrypt, because there are numerous encryption programs written that have no need for such a signature.  If no program existed which _used_ that signature, nobody would think twice about exporting it.
The fact is, it is LEGAL to import encryption code into the US.  It is LEGAL to generate an hash of that code, and it is LEGAL to export that hash.  To believe otherwise is to broadly expand the scope of export laws far beyond what they were intended to mean.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-04 18:55:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CWD: "Jacking in from the "One that Got Away" Port 
I don't mean to be overly critical, but why not provide for the possibility of longer keys?  The RSA key only has to be exchanged and decoded once per call, presumably, which suggests that there shouldn't be a problem to do 2048-bit keys.  Admittedly, 1024 bits will be good for many years, but...
I sure do wish they'd get things like this a bit more accurate...  Oh, well, I suppose it doesn't really matter...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 10:54:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Java Crypto API questions 
I agree.  Which is why I think any acquiescence by Microsoft on the subject of exportability of signatures is wrong.  Let the government press its case, if it wants to try.  Don't assist it, even rhetorically.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 11:12:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NYT on NTT/RSA Chips 
Maybe it's just me, but the solution to NTT's problem is obvious.  Even assuming that the export of this software would be against the law, why doesn't somebody simply violate that law?  RSA would publish that software, possibly encrypted with NTT's public key, on a public system protected against direct export.  "Somebody" would download it, write it to a floppy (taking care not to leave any fingerprints, and wetting both the stamp and the envelope with tap water, rather than licking them) and mail that floppy off to NTT in Japan.  (Naturally, you don't put a return address on that envelope.   The truly paranoid would first take that floppy to some store's PC section, and cross-load the data onto a floppy written by some other floppy drive.)
NTT finds that envelope in their mail, opens it, reads the floppy, decrypts the data, and say, "Wow!  It's the data we wanted to get!"  It verifies that the data is valid by emailing a copy back to RSA in America, who say, "Amazing!  Somebody has illegally exported our software!"
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with NTT using this software even if it is assumed to have been exported illegally.  Obviously, NTT won't _ask_ for somebody to do this, because then the government will claim it was all a conspiracy, but that doesn't prevent NTT from being the beneficiary of somebody else's activities.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 11:43:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Export what's imported 
Recently, Senator Burns introduced that bill, S.1726, "ProCode."  Part of it had to do with changes in the export laws to allow export of things that are currently not allowed.
It occurs to me that this bill should be amended to say, explicitly, that any object or software which has ever been imported into the US can be legally exported. (Including multiple copies of software.)  It is particularly important that we do this now that the NTT encryption chip set has been announced.   Why?
Well, first, we CAN easily justify this.  The claim for export controls is that they restrict the access of encryption to various of the horsemen, out there.  But by definition anything which has ever been imported is already available outside the US, so it'll look rather silly if they try to control somebody from export that came from out of the country.
What are the benefits?  Maybe it'll destroy the entire crypto-export-regulation system.  Domestic software companies can simply set up a practice of buying all their crypto expertise from overseas.  If this happened over the long term this would be bad, but it won't because within a couple of years good crypto will be exported by American manufacturers based on foreign designs.  Pretty soon the export bans will become meaningless (even more so than they are today) and the pressure to remove the last restrictions will be enormous.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 12:05:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (VTW) BillWatch #48 
presented the same argument Steven Cherry gave in this BillWatch  -- but at the end of the EPIC conference we had Scott Charney of DoJ on a panel about what the OECD is doing (pushing Clipper internationally) and we kept going round with him on the administration's pushing of Clipper (N). [One attendee described this as "forum shopping" -- looking for a friendly place to push at the OECD -- claiming he was misrepresenting the country by pushing Clipper.  His response was that the Executive is empowered to do all international meetings/negotiations/....
PRZ.  We're complaining that the Executive has gone rogue -- is disobeying the will of the people.  PRZ likened it to Nixon's war in Cambodia.
I have a solution to that problem.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 13:07:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Where are the cryptographers going to come from? 
I think the truth is even more revealing.  We can hypothesize that allowing widespread use of good crypto has many advantages and just a few disadvantages.  However, those disadvantages may almost all accrue to government and its employees, and very few to ordinary citizens.   This means that talking up the disadvantages of good encryption is doubly fraudulent, because the audience they should be trying to convince (ordinary folks) doesn't realize that the disadvantages generally don't apply to them.  And of those few crimes against ordinary citizens where crypto might play a role, that role will almost always be to PREVENT the crime rather than allow Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 16:41:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MELP: 2400 baud speech coding 
Does this mean to convert to compressed data AND encrypt, or just converting to compressed bits?
I'd rather see thousands of Internet-phone users transmitting at 2400 bps than 28.8 kbps...
This is going to add to the telephone companies' woes:  They obviously don't want people to have access to nearly-free Internet-LD phone service, but their arguments for its regulation will be weaker when it is pointed out that the bit rate for compressed, encrypted Internet phone are 2400 bps as opposed to 64,000 bps for POTS.
Which raises another question:  When are Internet ISP's going to start acting as Internet-phone gateways?  Currently, you can't call somebody on POTS with Internet phone.  This would be solved if ISP's could install modems and software which did audio-synthesis/digitization on an outbound call, driven by the data received on the Internet, and sending the data back to the calling end.  Any guesses as to when this will be real?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 17:33:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NYT on NTT/RSA Chips 
No, the copyright is still valid, and NTT couldn't use the software without appropriate payment.
The purpose of the strategem I described is NOT intended to allow NTT to use software without paying.  NTT and RSA are probably on very friendly terms, anyway.  The purpose is to compartmentalize the illegality to an unidentifiable person, allowing NTT to use the software without having violated any law.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 18:01:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Markoff in NYT on NTT/RSA chip 
I seem to recall an announcement recently that Senator Burns is going to have a hearing "soon" on his crypto bill.  If that's true, I think it would make a good publicity scene if somebody (if possible someone giving testimony) were to show up with one of these NTT encryption chips, wave it around a bit, and say "I can bring this chip into the country, why can't I take it out again?"
Even if you can't get ahold of the real chip, any multi-pin bug will probably do for the sound/video-bite.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 18:17:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
If there is any doubt that we _need_ a system to rid us of these sleazy politicians: I just saw tonight's PBS McNeil news hour, and they had two politicians on, one of which was promoting a re-emergence of the "Star Wars" missile defense system, which even under optimistic scenarios would cost hundreds of billions of dollars.
My solution is simpler and far less expensive: Target any political or military person at any level who is directly or indirectly in control of any offensive missile system (nuclear or otherwise), killing off as many as it takes until they cry "uncle" and destroy all of that hardware.  Probable cost of this persuasian?  A few hundred million dollars, at most.
Who is committing the crime, here?  Maybe, someday, you'll start really LISTENING to what I have to say.
ObCrypto?  Your motivations are quite opaque.  Maybe we can turn them into a Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 10:39:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NYT on NTT/RSA Chips 
Here's something to think about:  At this point, the USG apparently doesn't attempt to restrict the IMPORTATION of crypto software and hardware.  Yet, it calls it "munitions" and the government certainly claims the authority under certain circumstances to restrict munitions imports:  For example, automatic rifles and Chinese "assault weapons" (sic).
Until this new NTT/RSA chip, there has not been much that the USG wanted to keep out that it could keep out.  Software is easily copied, so that is futile.  Hardware is more practical to restrict, but until substantial quantities are imported it doesn't constitute much of a threat.  Wouldn't it be reasonable to suspect that the advent of this NTT chip set might induce the government to start restricting crypto hardware import, under some odd new interpretation of ITAR rules?
If so, I think NTT should immediately import into the US the database for the design and testing of this chip, on the offchance that the USG gets uppity and decides to ban its import.  At that point, they merely start manufacture domestically, supplying the domestic market.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 18:00:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Markoff in NYT on NTT/RSA chip 
This raises a question:  If you provide a place for a crypto chip but don't install it, shouldn't you be able to export it?  But the software analogy, crypto hooks, the government is trying to restrict them.  This is why I think the latter interpretation is flawed:  Historically, the mere fact that a system can interface to another one that can do crypto can't be used to restrict it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 23:33:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
However, Helms is a politician and he's supposed to be on his best behavior.  (What Helms' "best behavior" is, is certainly debateable.)
Bored?  You're bored?  Maybe I'm going to have to figure out something to spice it up, huh?  By the time everybody is as bored as you are today, then I will have won.
"naive"?  In what way?
Technically, it wasn't derived from anything directly, or for that matter even indirectly.  However, since there's nothing new under the sun, similarities exist...with your material as well.  Consider this a bow to you, I suppose.
Even so, given how much noise we've been hearing out of DC on the subject of the Internet, digital cash, and good encryption, I'd say SOMEBODY is getting a bit worried.  I haven't exactly been keeping this stuff a secret:  What do you think their reaction has been, so far?  When those government-types start considering various scary scenarios, what do you think they are imagining?
Not quite yet, anyway.  I'm very disappointed to have waited over a year for some slick lawyer to show me how I'd be violating some law or another to do so.
I generally don't feel the need to name specific people.  I'm sure each reader has his own pet list to fall back on.
Wait a year or two.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 23:37:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: is the list active?? 
There are many dozen messages per day on CP.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-07 16:44:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
But if that's true...
If that's true (and I don't doubt that it is) doesn't that suggest to you that something serious needs to be done to fix the problem?
"If you always do what you have always done, you will always get what you've
always got."
If you say we shouldn't rock the boat because the bad guys might come, isn't it just possible that the REASON the "bad guys might come" is because we have not, in the past, adequately rocked the boat?
My impression is that it is frequently the pacifist-types who get us into war, because they start the process out by tolerating actions by others that turn into more serious actions, etc.  You know, the appeasers.  Are you an All I'm advocating is to set up a system which gives government-types a very stark choice: War or peace.  Then let them make that choice.  I predict they will choose peace.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-07 17:52:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: OECD on Crypto 
This is bullshit.  If anything, it's exactly the opposite:  It is the GOVERNMENTS and those who hold government jobs who are doing the "pressuring."    I haven't seen more than a trickle of desire for a "national position on cryptography."  What Internet-people want is the ELIMINATION of a "national position on cryptography," I think.
In other words, various Constitutions are getting in the way!  Tough!
In other words, the governments are feeling that the situation is getting out of their control!  Excellent, that's progress.
BULL!  The businesses are saying, "Don't restrict crypto."  The individuals are saying, "Don't restrict crypto!"  So-called "law enforcement" agencies are saying, "We're losing control of the public!  Where's '1984' when we need it!"
I don't think so.
Gee, what about THE INDIVIDUALS?  You know, the ones you steal your tax money from?  That's right, the peons.
That's because the USG is the most unhappy, because its Constitution is making it very difficult to ban crypto.
 It was held immediately after a
It probably had a similar lack of participation by ordinary citizens and netizens.  Do I detect a pattern here?
Probably because they had gotten wind a few months before of a serious potential danger to the continued hegemony of governments over the people.
It's already too late!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-07 18:52:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Physical Cpunks Meeting, June 8th, Stanford Turing Aud 
That's specified to a resolution of about 2/5 of an inch.  If everyone heads to this exact spot, it's going to be a VERY friendly meeting!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-07 19:59:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [Off-Topic]  "Curfews" 
Hmmm...  sorry, I thought that was obvious.  Well, perhaps not "obvious," but it's one of those facts that will become second nature to people once AP starts up.  As can be expected, people will be looking out for themselves in an AP-dominated system, just as today.  I think most people will have a fairly good idea who's targeting them if the hit's not justified.  Almost every justified hit can be fairly anonymous.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-08 07:56:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
I propose that there has ALREADY been "the imposition in America of an oppressive, authoritarian rule."
What are the pacifists doing now?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-08 14:57:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: It tolls for thee 
Okay, I was not trying to suggest that any particular source is followed.  What I'm noticing is the almost uniformly "pessimistic" (as to the fate of the government) views I've read on the various computer networks, and the uniformly hostile reactions to government proposals.  This can't be reassuring to the people in power today.
Don't be so sure.  Legislators, alone, don't have the smarts to figure out why they "needed" a Clipper-chip proposal, or the capacity to tap 1% of the phone calls, or other recent government proposals.  Government is usually very good at ignoring problems long after they become problems.  The fact that they're so hot to control the Internet suggests to me that somebody has been talking to them about what is going to happen. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-08 16:41:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Wasting time and bandwidth on Bell 
It is to be expected that among the citizens of this world, there would be those who have so much moral or economic stock in the current order that they would strongly resist any serious change. (maybe they're already on top, or they hope to be in a few years, etc.)   Until a few years ago, almost everybody probably figured that the main effect of computer networking (and the Internet) on politics would be to allow people to send letters to their Congressmen faster while destroying fewer trees, or letting people send in their votes by email rather than travelling to a voting booth.
Simple changes.  Non-threatening.  Don't rock the boat.  Don't upset the apple cart.  Don't make a wave.
It will be a great shock to most of you to hear that the real changes will not only be figuratively "revolutionary" but also LITERALLY revolutionary.  I guess this guy never heard about the 1st Amendment.  Or maybe he did, but he concluded that it must have been a mistake, because it's not the kind of thing that the people in charge today would vote for if they had a choice in the matter..
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-09 06:16:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I am involved in mankind;...*  By protecting Bell's right to speak what he thinks, we serve as an example to the rest of the world of what personal freedom really means. *Those crazy Americans* antithetical to the best interests of the _inhabitants_ of this nation, not simply the government itself.
While I appreciate your...uh...appreciation, let me remind you that part of my "pronouncements" are that the current political and social system is sick.  Many people around here seem to agree with this assessment.  What I advocate is a comparatively simple change in the rules that could have the effect of vastly changing the way things are done.  Whether these changes are in "the best interests of the inhabitants of this nation" is still an open question, and many people have agreed with me on this matter. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-09 12:00:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The people, that's who.  The reason is that while "corrupt officials" may have more money, per person, that ordinary citizens, there are FAR more ordinary citizens than officials.  Further, these corrupt officials only have more money because they rob it from ordinary citizens, which means that they start out the game hated by the public.
Finally, officials are, by definition, identified or identifiable, while disaffected citizens are not.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-10 05:41:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [Off-Topic]  "Curfews" 
It is, however, hard to separate out all the familiar assumptions we make about the world based on the current way of doing things.
Well, I was speaking hyperbolically.  (hyperbole.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-10 05:51:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Minority vs. majority 
Regulation issued?  Sure.  Regulation _enforced_?  Far more difficult!  Maybe even impossible, when considered over the entire population.  I've been considering this for a long time, and I came to the conclusion that you really can't enforce regulations dictated by a small fraction of the population onto the large majority.  Enforcing a regulation costs effort.  (money?  time? people?)  People are not going to put in this kind of effort unless they feel strongly about an issue.  It would be possible for a large majority to enforce a standard of behavior on a tiny minority ("rules" against theft and other common crime) but this will work only if the average individual is willing to donate money to see those general rules enforced.  Over time, few people will donate money to see victimless crimes (drugs, gambling, prostituion) enforced, for instance.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-10 15:11:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous computer contractors 
I disagree.  While each of us may arguably have a number of enemies, if our lists were compared I think most of those enemies can be located in a relatively tiny group of people, most of whom exercise government authority.  Eliminate them, and a relatively small number of criminals, and it'll be a rather safe and pleasant society.
I think that the _need_ will drop long before the supply of potential assassins will.  Resignations will occur, and criminals will straighten up quickly.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-11 09:43:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
Some day, the "embarrassment" may be among those who misunderstood an idea that is, by then, fully operational and was an improvement over the previous system.  I seem to recall some funny poster titled something like "The five stages of a new idea"  which starts out "It'll never work"  and ends up, "I knew it would work all along!"
I'd like to know what they mean by using the term "rejected."  A rejection without an alternative is irresponsible.  Assuming they agree that the status quo is unacceptable, and if they believe that change is possible, then what is their solution?
Moreover, what is the real meaning of the word "rejected" in this context?  You can't "reject" gravity, or a hurricane, or eventual death.  In fact, I'd argue that it's inextricably linked to good encryption.  Defending one will ultimately defend the other.
Now _that's_ an excellent idea!  Libel laws never protect the anti-establishment, non-mainstream portion of the public, for one.
Thanks...uh...I think...
True.  And it's not just the quantity of deaths that'll be lowered:  The "quality" of those deaths (the justification for killing the target) will go up, which may seem to be an odd way to refer to it.  Most of us will agree that if there was some way to swap the death of the victim, automatically, for the death of the criminal or attacker, that would be far more just arrangement, as well as rather rapidly deterring future killings.  An example of the exact opposite is frequently exposed in discussing anti-gun-carry laws, which only disarm law-abiding citizens and leave the criminals armed.  Such laws, therefore, actually swap the death of the criminal for the death of the victim.
Moreover, the number of people wanting to kill the "unjustified" target will be extremely low, meaning that one odd donor would have to pay a large amount of money to get "action" on his donation.
You and a few million other people.  Which is why AP will work so well getting rid of governments...and criminals.
That's exactly correct.  But also, the very existence of such a system will _deter_ such people, meaning that it is very likely you won't have to pay for anybody's death at all...except for a few that resignation won't save.
Nope.  Not when there are so many other deserving targets!    B^)
It wouldn't do any good...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-11 17:42:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Terrorism Hysteria on the Net 
Doesn't this statement represent something of a bias in favor of today's system?  Is the "total death and destruction chaos" a function of the collapse of that strong government, or the immediate tendency of it to be replaced with dictator wannabes?
In other words, if a "strong government" could be brought down with a guarantee that nobody would be able to even begin to replace it, might that not be an entirely different matter?
Doesn't this statement contradict the previous statement you made?  If there's "chaos" perhaps that's merely because a small group of people is trying to take control.  Most people want peace, but it can be disturbed by a minority.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-12 07:58:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: USS_hit 
The government is doing an excellent job `"undermining public confidence" all by itself!
 >disrupt essential services,
"essential" in whose opinion?
Like maybe massive deficit spending, high taxes, etc for decades?
How about "damage military NEEDS"?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-12 17:49:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Venture capital financing/partnering for unique website ideas/entrepreneurs 
Hmmmm...   "High profile"?  Check.   "niche market"?  Check.  "profitable"?  Check...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-14 08:52:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PBS show 
But the Apple II WAS a toy!  Non-detached keyboard, poor placement of reset key, upper-case only, 40-character wide display, odd microprocessor, VERY SMALL capacity floppies (which were very slow as well), as well as a hostile legal situation regarding the building of clones.  Hell, they even objected to other companies building boards which plugged into the bus!
Personally, I soured on the Apple II when I followed EDN magazine's attempt to build an engineering system with it, called "Project Indecomp."  They ran into a boneheaded design problem with the Apple, due to improper clock synchronization and bus timing.  They gave up the project, concluding that the Apple II was brain-dead.
BTW, Intel shares a substantial proportion of the blame for Apple's choice of the 6502.  The decision was made, I've heard, because Intel was still trying to get $200 for a slow 8080, while Western Design Center (?) wanted only about $20 for a 6502.
And by refusing to build Masatoshi (?) Shima's design for the Z-80, they totally lost the race for the 8-bit PC world.  The Z-80 turned into the highest-volume 8-bit microprocessor by far, leaving both the 8080 and the 8085 in the dust, and even the 6502.
I have other, even harsher word for the design of the IBM PC.  Oh yes, the Mac sucks bigtime as well, although primarily for legal reasons.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-14 10:39:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PBS show 
The original Apple II floppy held ONLY 90 kilobytes on a 5" floppy.  How did they do such a bad job?
Yes, there are, but a 10-to-1 difference in price is a killer for most designs.
The design for the Z-80 was completed and in Intel's hands.  Intel didn't want to build the Z-80, they wanted to focus on peripheral chips, so they let Shima go and start Zilog.
and history is rather clear about the wisdom of doing that. Intel is
No!  The 8086 wasn't "wise," it was a crock. (The _principle_ of building a 16-bit microprocessor was just fine, and in fact necessary.  It's their product that sucked.)   Brain-dead segmented architecture, 64k per segment limitation, 1-megabyte memory limitation.  The only thing that made it appear like a wise move (and even then, only in hindsight) was the fact that IBM was even more idiotic, and selected it (actually, worse, the 8088!) for their PC.  Even a bad standard can be hugely profitable, and that is what kept Intel alive.
Furthermore, the only way Intel got the 8086 off the ground was to buy off AMD to support the 8086, as opposed to the Z-8000 as they had done in a long series of anti-8086 ads in about 1978 or so.  (you do recall the series, don't you?  You know, the two guys on the soapboxes?)  They later stiffed AMD by refusing to deliver the design for the 386, and they got raked over the coals for that a few years ago in court.  Pure fraud.  Intel's misbehavior has probably kept the price of the leading-edge generation microprocessor at least a factor of 3 higher than it would have been had AMD been allowed to compete according to their 1978 agreement.  Much of the capitalization you speak of, therefore, was the product of this fraud.
The world would have been far better off if they'd chosen the 68000 for the IBM PC.  I suspect the reason IBM didn't was that they thought it would be easier to push around tiny Intel rather than the electronics giant Motorola.  They were probably right about this limited interpretation, but in exchange for a little temporary control they doomed the world to a built-in series of design crocks that only began with the innate limitations of the 8088. Every product for the PC you buy today is more expensive, less reliable, harder to install, less compatible, more complicated for less benefit, has less competition, and is in general less desirable because of the mistakes Intel made in the middle 1970's, and IBM made in 1980 or so.  These mistakes weren't repaired in subsequent incarnations of the 286, 386 and others, or IBM's AT, etc, because they were _architecture_ problems and software-design problems that cannot be "repaired."  Why is it that you can afford 32 megabytes of DRAM, yet you'd get insufficient-memory errors if you're not careful with you CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT?  (Combination of Intel's dumb mistake of a 1-meg memory limitation, and IBM's filling of 1/3 of that space with crap.)  Why is it that you can't put two color displays on the latest PC's? (IBM's dumb mistake:  Memory-mapped video that can't be re-addressed.) Why can't you put a dozen peripheral devices into a PC, and you have trouble with even 3-4, and are forced to look up all the DMA's, Interrupts, and COM ports to ensure no overlap?  (IBM's dumb mistake.)
I could go on, but what's the point?  The PC architecture is pure crap, and I'm saying that as a person who uses them daily, and will not own a Mac because of Apple's legal misbehavior.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-14 15:54:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PBS show 
Nope.  Popular Electronics.  January, 1975 issue.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-14 19:28:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Neil, the government wouldn't tap the phones of American  Reporters" 
While I didn't pay any appreciable attention to the Pentagon Papers case at the time, it is worth noting that the only reason that it "occurred" (appeared in the media) was that a few reporters decided it was worth opposing the government.  Today, this stuff would just pop up on the Internet without the approval or participation of the media:  Obviously, this is a vast reduction of the influence of the media, and a corresponding increase in the power of the individual.  _THIS_ is the kind of thing that the government fears; it has cultivated its relationships with the news media for many decades, and doesn't want circumstances to change.
The Watergate incident is yet another one of those things which might not have "happened" without media people inclined to do it then, but that is no longer the truth today.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:22:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PBS show 
I only watched a few minutes of the show.  Did they mention that Microsoft actually bought the MSDOS operating system from Seattle Computer products?
Also, in about January of 1976, I attended a meeting at a hotel near Kansas City International airport, run by MITS (makers of Altair) showing off their computer.  (They drove a van around the country and demo'd the computer to throngs of...oh...hundreds of people.  At the time, I had followed the budding microcomputer hobby only a little.  I specifically recall being told at the show of complaints by a company called "Microsoft" that its "4K Basic" was being bootlegged.  (Note to the newbies:  The term "4K Basic" meant a Basic interpreter that fit in a main memory space of 0.004 megabytes.)   I soon learned that they were selling it for about $500, or about 12 cents per executable byte.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:27:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PBS show 
Grandly ignoring the Altair, the TRS-80 Model I, the IMSAI, et al.  Even Jolt!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-15 13:43:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PBS show 
Two things:
1.  Eventually, that claim might have been true.  But that's just because there were a large number of smaller-volume CP/M computers  such as Altair, IMSAI, CROMEMCO, Northstar, Kaypro, Godbout, Morrow, Heath/Zenith,  and numerous others, as well as TRS-80' (Models I, II, and II; most of which ran TRSDOS instead of CPM) which cumulatively added up to a number vastly larger than Apple-II/Z-80 installations.  And I don't want to leave out the "Big Board" Z-80 computer, which put everything on a single large PCB, which was about a 1980 product.  Or, for that matter, Sinclair's ZX-80 (?)
2.    If anything, the popularity of the Z-80 processor for the Apple revealed just how bad the 6502 and associated Apple software was.  People don't generally change (add-in) microprocessors if they're satisfied with the underlying computer and available software.  In fact, it's even worse, because the one advantage of the Apple was its color display, while none of the CP/M software being run on the Z-80 card in the Apple knew about color.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-15 17:25:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [noise] (was Re: PBS show) 
There is nothing wrong, conceptually, with _software_ segments...  In fact, even hardware segmentation is okay _IF_ the maximum size of those segments will NEVER (in the computer architecture's entire lifetime, and that includes later compatible CPU's) be challenged by the largest program and data to be run on that machine.  But a 64K byte segment size is truly and astoundingly bad design, even for 1976.  Even a 2**24 byte (16 megabytes) segment size would have turned into a wall a few years ago.  A 2**32 byte (4 gigabyte) limit would not be a problem for at least 10 more years.
A minimal amount, fortunately.  Liked 8080 and Z-80 far better.  (Not that I think their limited address space is "better," merely that their design matched their intended uses far better.)
It's still a problem.   I just ran Microsoft Windows Anti-virus a few days ago, on a 1.6 gigabyte hard drive, and it said I was "out of conventional RAM."  (Not because of "too much code," but because of too much data.)  With 16 megabytes of DRAM, total, that's a laugh!  Try explaining this problem to a person who doesn't understand the distinction between "conventional" and extended memory.  They will have no idea that a stupid design decision made in 1976 caused a problem in 1996.
Most people don't understand the WHY behind that idiotic 1 megabyte limitation, and how it could so easily have been fixed.  As I understand it, when they were designing the 8086 the maximum-size package that Intel dealt with was a 40-pin ceramic package.  Well, look at the pinout of an 8086 and you'll see the problem:  Even with address/data multiplexing, you simply can't get more than 20 address bits out of a 40-pin package and keep the necessary control and power lines.  That's a limitation, and that's bad, but it turns out they made a bad design worse.
The best fix would have been to get a 44 or 48 pin package,(as, for example, the Z-8000 did) and dedicate at least 4 more bits to the address, which would have been a limitation of 16 megabytes, or 8 more, which would have been 256 megabytes.   But the Intel packaging people were apparently given a veto on the whole thing, and they stayed with a 40-pin package.  But here's how they made it worse:  In the 8086 architecture, there are two 16-bit registers added together (with a 4-bit offset) to form a 20-bit address.  Even if the designers were forced to accept that the initial implementation of the 8086 would only have a 40-pin package, at the very least they could have changed the segment offset to 8 bits or even 12 bits, which would have formed a 24 or 28-bit address internal to the 8086, of which only the lower 20 bits could be available.  Any computers built with this specific chip would be limited to a physical 1-megabyte memory space, HOWEVER future implementations of this architecture (for instance, the equivalent of the  80286) would have more address lines.  More RAM could be installed in them.  So far, that sounds just like the 80286, right?  Wrong.  (The '286 can only access memory space above 1 megabyte by shifting to "protected mode," which is incompatible with DOS.)  Unlike the way it actually was with the 8086 vs. the 80286, the software would be compatible, because the segment addressing would have been identical, and their would no longer be any sort of physical 1-meg limitation remaining.  In other words, there would be no residual conventional memory limitation, and "we'd all live happily ever after."  (True, programmers would eventually write programs which exceed the memory capacity of the 8086, but that would not have affected newer computers.)
Somehow, I think if you could corner one of the 8086 designers, ideally with a 12-gauge shotgun, he'd say, "Doh!  We didn't think of that!"  That's right, they didn't think of that, because they _JUST_DIDN'T_THINK!_
And over 200 _BILLION_ dollars of money has been spent on computers limited by a brain-damaged architecture, when they could just as easily have avoided the problem back in 1976 with a trivial fix.
The one conceivable defense that Intel could muster would be, "We didn't anticipate this.  We didn't intend for the 8086 to be used as a general-purpose computer."  True or not in 1976, that defense was not available to IBM in 1980:  They were fully aware of the problem, and they knew about the 68000, and yet they chose the 8088 anyway.  The same short-sighted pig-headedness that would later be demonstrated by Bill Gates when he said something like "Nobody will ever need more than 640 kilobytes of RAM" was shown by Intel people in the middle 1970's.
IBM did add to the problem, true, but they "only" cut down the address space to 640 from 1 megabyte. Even 1 megabytes would have been an intolerable limitation.   Had Intel allowed a logical address space of 256 megabytes or even 16 megabytes, the loss of 380 kilobytes would not have been particularly limiting.  Believe me, I'm not defending IBM, they're both guilty of gross stupidity.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-16 05:27:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fuseable Links - no guarantees?? 
While I have never come even close to needing to attempt this kind of thing, long ago it occurred to me that if the "no read" bit was stored in a programmable bit, and if the location of that bit was known or could be identified, you could expose that particular bit through a tiny mask hole and cause the part to be readable again.  Locating that bit (assuming there's just one) would be relatively simple:  Take a test part, program it, read-lock it, and then expose it to a VERY slowly sliding mask with UV behind.  Do this for both axes, to find the bit's location on the chip.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-16 06:10:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fuseable Links - no guarantees?? 
If it really is a "fusible link," that usually means a fuse, analogous to the much larger kinds used for circuit protection.  There are also "anti-fuses" which are high-resistance silicon links which on the application of a relatively high voltage, become low-resistance.
However, besides this, there is the typical EPROM-type cell, which can be programmed but not erased electrically.  (I'm ignoring cells like EEPROM which are designed and constructed to be electrically erased.)  As long as the chip contains most of its information in EPROM, that means that the chip was fabbed with a EPROM-compatible process, so they'd be more likely to include read-protection in EPROM as well.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-18 10:21:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: UK users about to get clippered 
And it should go over even less well than American Clipper.  When that was proposed, in April of 1993, there was no standard encryption chip nor the immediate prospect of one.  Someone might, at least arguably, have been attracted to Clipper with the argument that it's better than no encryption at all.  However, now that the NTT chip has been revealed, nobody is going to be under the illusion that it's "Clipper or nothing."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-18 19:41:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Termination"? 
Remember, Chudov was wrong about this.  It's not just the amount of money you have, it's whether you can identify people as your "enemies."
It would probably be more accurate to say that it is "self-limiting."  There's a difference, you know. There may never be a "last" AP death.  However, AP deaths may (and probably will) eventually become comparatively rare, precisely because they so straightforwardly obtained if there is a justification for them.  That will cause the behavior of people to change, to avoid doing anything which draws the ire of somebody else.
Think back to integral calculus, where the area under an infinitely long curve may be finite.  If we think of X as being time, and the rate of deaths as the height of the curve above Y=0, the total number of deaths is reflected in the area.  Some death rate schedules will integrate to a finite, limited number of deaths.  Even if reality doesn't quite approach this optimum situation, it MAY approach a much better reality where the eventual rate of deaths is far lower than the status quo.
However, the system will only self-limit to the extent that overt agression among people will be eliminated.  If nobody agresses against you, you will have no reason to agress against anyone else.  Therefore, the system cannot end in a dictatorship.
It is true that there may be a strong deterrent against "people with strong views."  However, as I pointed out to the head of a 'Net freedom organization (who was worried about his future!), the only reason our society NEEDS figurehead people such as him is to change unpopular policies that are forced on the rest of us.  Once AP begins operating, you don't have to stick your neck out to deter agression against you, and you don't need heads of organizations such as him, or for that matter organizations either.
Quite simply, why do you need the head of the ACLU, or for that matter the ACLU as an organization, if you can target anybody who violates the rights that the ACLU currently protects?  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-18 20:08:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Termination"? 
Remember, Chudov was wrong about this.  It's not just the amount of money you have, it's whether you can identify people as your "enemies."
It would probably be more accurate to say that it is "self-limiting."  There's a difference, you know. There may never be a "last" AP death.  However, AP deaths may (and probably will) eventually become comparatively rare, precisely because they so straightforwardly obtained if there is a justification for them.  That will cause the behavior of people to change, to avoid doing anything which draws the ire of somebody else.
Think back to integral calculus, where the area under an infinitely long curve may be finite.  If we think of X as being time, and the rate of deaths as the height of the curve above Y=0, the total number of deaths is reflected in the area.  Some death rate schedules will integrate to a finite, limited number of deaths.  Even if reality doesn't quite approach this optimum situation, it MAY approach a much better reality where the eventual rate of deaths is far lower than the status quo.
However, the system will only self-limit to the extent that overt agression among people will be eliminated.  If nobody agresses against you, you will have no reason to agress against anyone else.  Therefore, the system cannot end in a dictatorship.
It is true that there may be a strong deterrent against "people with strong views."  However, as I pointed out to the head of a 'Net freedom organization (who was worried about his future!), the only reason our society NEEDS figurehead people such as him is to change unpopular policies that are forced on the rest of us.  Once AP begins operating, you don't have to stick your neck out to deter agression against you, and you don't need heads of organizations such as him, or for that matter organizations either.
Quite simply, why do you need the head of the ACLU, or for that matter the ACLU as an organization, if you can target anybody who violates the rights that the ACLU currently protects?  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-18 20:34:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Britain to control crypto - official (fwd from Usenet) 
You may recall discussions on CP many months ago concerning the extent to which an Internet provider would be obligated to obey a cop with a warrant who asks for (for example) a "data wiretap" of a customer.  I happen to believe that one of the things that's going to have to be settled, and settled soon, is a ban on governments coercing people (ISP's, etc) to violate their contracts with others.
If my ISP enters into a contract with me to (among other things) tell me if my data is tapped, OR he agrees to send me a certification of non-tap status daily as long as it's valid and cease sending them when tapping starts, etc, presumably if he fulfils his part of the agreement I will soon learn of a tap.  One of the things that was particularly important to the Founding Fathers was what they referred to as "Impairment of Contracts," which meant as I recall the act of government passing laws and rules which affect my ability to contract with you.  Not surprisingly, they didn't like that, such restrictions.  If their desires were respected, presumably there would be no way for the government to come between two contractors to get one to betray the other.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-19 09:30:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Federal key registration agency 
Such a claim is bogus.  "existing law" already "applies" to new technology.  It's just that this only means that cops think they have a right to wiretap.  It does not mean that they are able to usefully understand the meaning of what they hear.
Like a billion years too long, huh?
But is the average citizen substantially impacted by crimes that would be assisted by good encryption?  Probably not.  She forgot to mention REVOLUTION.
I see no need for a "balance."  I think that the advent of good encryption has the effect of increasing the security of individuals.
Maybe she should have said, "without toppling the government-employed parasites from their positions of power."
Another one of those organizations threatened by media-bypass.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-19 17:55:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
In 1996, the Libertarian Party will apparently qualify for Federal matching funds for its Presidential political campaign.  That does not mean that it will _accept_ them, being stolen goods.  However, a few years ago I heard of an idea that they should accept the money, and return it to the people, a small amount at a time, to whomever asks for it.  Besides returning the stolen money to its rightful owners, that would produce substantial positive publicity for the Libertarian party, embarrassment for the Democrats and Republicans, while at the same time reducing the amount of money available for the D's and the R's.
But there's been a practical question of how to actively do this, economically.  Issuing checks and mailing them costs money, and they're traceable, etc.    The advent of digital cash suggests an answer: Make the payments in the form of digital cash, payable on the Web.  This will encourage the use of digital cash, and provide a sudden infusion that will promote other uses.  There's another advantage, however.  Since "Netizens" are somewhat biased towards libertarianism, this will have the effect of keeping more of this money "in the family" as it were, while at the same time being open, technically, to everyone who can get on the 'net. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-20 10:22:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
It seems to me that since paying people funds that were stolen from them would produce good publicity, which by definition could be argued to be spending it on the campaign.  Sure, it's a non-traditional tactic, but that doesn't mean it's in violation of the campaign law.  They could also email along a set of libertarian literature, and the recipient would certify that he would promote the libertarian cause and work for the election of the candidate, etc, etc.
As for "lawyers and accountants":  I'm sure there are enough libertarian-leaning lawyers and accountants around who would be willing to help out to make this project a net positive.  Remember, the publicity is the important thing.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-20 13:31:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: German Federal Bank opposes e-cash 
Then the banks just need to be more careful about issuing it, huh?
Which, interestingly enough, is exactly the reason citizens should support it.  Barry Goldwater, the 1964 US Presidential candidate, said something like "Any government that is powerful enough to give you everything you want, is powerful enough to take away everything you have."    It was true, then, and it's true today.
Fast-forward to 1996:  Any government powerful enough to be able to eliminate money-laundering is powerful enough to eliminate all of our rights. I'm not willing to take that risk, and the way I see it, people who see digital cash as an undesirable risk to government are a risk to me.
Meister announced that, if necessary, the EU
Maybe somebody should tell Herr Meister that should actions of government be threatening, "Citizens would take counter-measures, should restrictions on computer money and reloadable payment cards endanger their rights."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-20 14:15:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
Don't bury your head in the sand too early.
_ANYTHING_ could "violate FEC rules."  The issue is, "could this be done in a way that would NOT violate any such rules.  Or, more generally, could this be done in a way that would challenge or even obliterate FEC rules.  If you ask a lawyer for the course of action to take that will, guaranteed, not raise any eyebrows, he'll give you one speech.  If, on the other, you ask him if a tactic violates black-letter law, for certain, he'll give you another.
(How certain are you that they understand the ramifications of this?)
This year, maybe not.  However that doesn't mean that there shouldn't be a debate on the subject.  Technology may allow a rip-roaring debate among the public, not just the Libertarian Party, and e-cash may implement this stolen-property return in a way designed to cause the most consternation and embarrassment among those in power.
Remember, if it has been decided, a year ago, that doing this was "okay", chances are good that Harry Browne WOULD be willing to do so now.  Trying to ignore the issue won't make it go away.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-20 16:55:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MasterCard Seeks Revision in On-Line Bill 
This kind of testimony shows exactly why we (individual citizens) can't trust corporations to guard our interests in the crypto arena:
Look at this closely, and Mastercard's position, and you'll notice that Lisker has no obvious professional interest in encouraging the _increasing_ of penalities for the "reexportation and resale of this technology to questionable buyers, including criminals."  (In a contest between Mastercard armed with good encryption, and criminals armed with similar tools, Mastercard will win, because winning simply involves keeping the crooks away from its money.)  Lisker is also presumably smart enough to know that few people are going to go into an "Encryption Store" and say, "I'm a criminal!  Could I buy your best encryption, please?"    Yet, despite no obvious reason for Lisker's interest, he's pushing the "no crypto to bad guys" buttons, so he's obviously sucking up to the politicians in an area he has no reason to.  It sounds to me like a deal is being struck, and I'm certain the public will be on the short end of that deal.
Why can these thugs just accept the fact that crypto will get into the hands of people that governments don't want it to?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-20 18:18:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
The following two paragraphs were sent to me by a person familiar with Oregon Libertarian politics over the last 15 years:
"Good idea.  Something like this was done in the early '80's in Oregon.
There was a $1 checkoff to the political party of one's choice on the
Oregon income tax form, and the LPO was the recipient of a grand or so of
money stolen from taxpayers.  Gary Chipman came up with the idea of
sending $1 bills to LPO members and registered Oregon libertarians with a
fundraising letter touting us as the only party that would really give
them their money back."
"Interestingly, the mailing raised more in donations than it cost in stolen
money and postage, and got us good press too.  The legislature promptly
abolished the checkoff during their next session."
[end of quote]
There may be a CLUE here:  Laws and regulations tend to be written based on what the writer can imagine, and are updated based on what has happened.  We can probably agree that "standard" (non-libertarian) politics would not have anticipated such an idea, and moreover you can also suppose that 20+ years of D's and R's politics would not have resulted in an example of such a tactic being used.  Thus, there is no obvious reason to believe that this kind of tactic would have already been prohibited.
We can agree that D's and R's won't like it, as is obvious from what the Oregon legislature did, but rather than merely presume that it is illegal, why not take the position that unless it is clearly outlawed, then it must be considered a legal tactic?  It would be a valid goal to eliminate the system, as it apparently did in Oregon.  Don't give up before the race.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-21 08:35:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Current status of RSA patent... 
As far as I know, patents can't be "renewed."  I've heard they can be "re-issued," amended, but to my knowledge that doesn't extend their term.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-21 10:54:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Take the money, Harry. 
[for the record, Tonie Nathan was the 1976 (?) Libertarian Vice Presidential Candidate.  Right, Tonie?]
I think the issue is fairly clear-cut, from a libertarian standpoint, _IF_ the money is accepted simply to be returned to the people it was stolen from.  That reduces the size of the net theft, produces publicity, and wakes the public up.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-21 12:33:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SF Bay Area] Security And Freedom through Encryption Forum 
I'm more worried about rogue DOMESTIC governments, myself.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-21 21:27:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Current status of RSA patent... 
Yes, it's true.  I happen to believe that the only purpose the government had in granting patents on public key and RSA is to help keep it from the public.  They did a fair job, but the patents expire in 1-4 years and it'll be too late by then.  Their attempts to foist the Clipper standard on us didn't work.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-21 23:21:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Federal Key Registration Agency 
If done in parallel, on a dedicated, 200 MHz custom chip, my WAG says that such a chip could try, and statistically analyze the results of 10 million DES codes per second.   (it would do the decrypts on a number of parallel DES blocks, and look for typical ASCII code pattern probabilities, again all in parallel.)  A typical cracking system might have 100 boards of 100 such chips, or perhaps a 100 billion such decrypts per second.  Checking the keyspace would require 2**19 seconds, or about a half million seconds, or 6 days.  Average decrypt, of course, in 3 days.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-22 01:18:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NWLibs> Stop Cross-Copying (Re: Take the money, Harry, re.) 
The subject was the use of digital cash for accepting Federal matching funds.  I cross-posted ONE message.  It was appropriately on-topic in both areas.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-22 09:10:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sen. Specter and Kerry move to delay crypto legislation 
[rest of letter to Leahy deleted]
Since "everybody" is supposed to agree that the Leahy encryption bill is dead, dead, dead, I don't see this as being any kind of problem.  It was disliked by Clinton and the Denning-types, and with the exception of a short flurry of mistaken optimism around here, it was roundly excoriated here as well.  The one thing I found disgustingly amusing was the statement from the letter:
They seem to have to do an "analysis" of a two-year study.  Harrummmph!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-22 13:11:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sen. Specter and Kerry move to delay crypto legislation 
Certainly not by name.  It merely referred to legislation that Leahy "sponsored."  Leahy _did_ seem to act like he was in favor of the Burns bill, as well,  after ECPA got the bad press, and maybe he's a co-sponsor of the Procode bill as well.  Even so, the letter did not appear to be CC:'d to Burns, so I conclude that it was intended to refer to at least the ECPA, if not both bills.                            United States Senate
                     Select Committee on Intelligence
                             June 7, 1996
                                                   SSCI  The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy
 United States Senator
 Senate Russell Building, Room 433
 Washington, D.C. 20510-4502
 Dear Pat:
      We write to express our concerns about legislation you have sponsored
 which would impact directly upon federal encryption policy, including export
 control policy.  Recognizing that American innovation in encryption
 technology is unequaled, we appreciate the need to balance US economic
 competitiveness with the need to safeguard national security interests.  As
 such, it is our belief that this legislation requires careful study and
 reflection and that the Senate and the Congress as a whole should proceed
 with caution until all of the implications of such an initiative are fully
 discerned.  Along these lines, it is our understanding that industry
 representatives are currently meeting with the Administration to discuss new
 policy initiatives to address this issue.  Also, both the Congress and the
 Administration have undertaken to conduct a thorough analysis of a two-year
 congressionally-mandated study on federal encryption policy that was
 facilitated by the National Research Council.  We therefore feel that your
 legislation initiative at this time is premature.
      We appreciate your efforts to bring some needed clarity to United
 States policy in this area and wish to keep the lines open for discussion
 and debate on this important issue.  The staff point of contact on this
 issue is our Committee Counsel, Mark Heilbrun, who can be reached at
 224-1700.
                                 Sincerely,
 Arlen Specter                                   J. Robert Kerrey
 Chairman                                        Vice-Chairman
 cc:  The Honorable Alfonse D'Amato
      Chairman, Senate Committee on Banking

@_date: 1996-06-22 16:22:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sen. Specter and Kerry move to delay crypto legislation 
The one introduced on February 26, 1996.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-23 06:14:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Federal Key Registration Agency 
It would be foolish to use GaAs to build a DES-cracker.  If there's one thing we've learned from the fact that microcomputers have "won" against mainframes, and massively-parallel computers have "won" against super-speed scalars, it is that it is much, much cheaper to build 10 transistors of speed "1", than 1 transistor at speed "10."  Presumably, they can get the same amount of work done.
The main thing that kept vector (parallel) machines back in the 70's and 80's was the problem of subdividing programming tasks into hundreds or thousands of such tasks, suitable for such a machine.  That "problem" is no problem at all for DES cracking, since trying large numbers of codes is inherently a decomposable problem.
It seems likely that the most economical solution would be to build the cracker on a not-quite state-of-the-art fab, say a 0.5 micron facility, purchased from some semiconductor company who has one too many old fabs.  The costs of the hardware would be amortized already, and the product would be sufficiently fast to help minimize the parallelism required.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-24 14:04:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: L&J: Libertarians 
Privatization will occur.  People will, indeed, be hired to do the tasks you describe.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-24 17:00:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: One more reason to bash encrypt policy. 
Tonight, on the CBS show "60 minutes", we saw as the first portion the story of Carlos Salinas, the ex-president of Mexico, and his brother Raul, who managed to acquire $300 million despite the fact that his legitimate income never exceeded $190,000 in any year.  Well, Raul's in jail now, and his probably-crooked brother is in self-imposed exile (escape?) in Ireland.
Okay, you ask, is this relevant to Cypherpunks?  Sure!  The government's wanting to maintain an encryption policy to ensure that it is capable of reading encrypted traffic, right?  Well, the Bush and Clinton administration signed NAFTA with Mexico when it was run by a crook.  Where was the CIA?  The NSA?  Raul's money went through Citibank.  Where's the FBI?  Isn't that one of the reasons we have such agencies?  Or is corruption among family members of the Presidend an old and established practice?  (Cattle futures?  Sounds like a lotta bull to me!)
Why wasn't this stuff revealed by the US government?  Did it consider this corruption a failure?   Or a SUCCESS?  If we can't trust the US government to keep us from dealing with sleazy government's like Mexico, and exposing them, then why are we signing long-term trade agreements with them?  How much of Raul's money was due to NAFTA, for example?
Anyway, I think here's yet another reason to reject any kind of "National Crypto Policy" that's claimed to allow the government to snoop:  Clearly, they can't even be trusted to do the right thing with their information when they don't have to decrypt it.  I sure as hell am not going to expect them to do any better in the future.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-26 12:01:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Zimmermann's Senate testimony 
Yes, the situation is bad, very bad.  And yes, I agree that a political system has to have ways to remove bad people.  The odd thing is, some of the people who say that are the same ones who get squeamish when a solution is suggested.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-26 12:31:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AT&T bans anonymous messages 
Why should this be true?  I can still walk to a pay telephone, put in a quarter, dial a random number and talk to somebody anonymously.  The various Baby Bell companies aren't "held accountable" if it's an obscene phone call.
I think that any attempt to hold the Internet to standards higher than existing services is a mistake.
Isn't the whole purpose of anonymity (remailers and such) in order to ensure that the messages AREN'T traceable?!?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-29 12:00:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Another free speech victory 
However, it's worrisome that the decisions were only 6-3 and 5-4.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-29 12:56:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: rsync and md4 
I don't think that's correct.  That would be the correct formula if I were looking for two strings that happened to have the same hash value, but that's not what he's asking for.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-29 16:04:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: News: NEC has encrypted networks ... 
Which reminds me...
About that NTT chip:  While I haven't been looking particularly carefully for it, I haven't noticed an announcement in any of the electronics magazines I normally read.  Has anyone seen a reference to it?
I think we ought to learn more about it:  Does it implement an open standard, so that other manufacturers can build compatible phones?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-29 17:42:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: rsync and md4 
Whatever you do, PLEASE stop using the term "checksum" when what you really mean is CRC, hash or something else.  A "checksum" is a bad error checker, only somewhat better than none at all.  If you use the term "checksum" some neophyte might actually misinterpret what you're doing and implement a real, honest-to-goodness checksum in his next program.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-30 09:23:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: crypto and bagpipes [NOISE] 
Do you mean the FULL-AUTO "Assault Bagpipes," the ones that produce more than one "toot" per blow?  Or the more "responsible" (but still dangerous!) semi-auto bagpipes, where you have to blow each time you want a toot.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-30 10:31:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: fbi botches intel "ecspionage" case 
It's worse than this.  I can recall talk of a big problem WITHIN INTEL trying to tranfer the process to produce a part between (as I recall) two Intel semiconductor fabs,  Fab IV and Fab V, which are buildings only a couple hundred feet apart!  And obviously, this was done with the full cooperation of everyone within Intel, and did not require the interfacing with any other company.  The idea that you can just steal the "plans" for a chip and build it yourself is crazy.
I was even more disgusted with the FBI:  I kept hearing them claim, "We did not authorize him to break the law."   Huh?!?  Maybe they didn't, this time, but does this mean, implicitly, that this country has sunk so low that the FBI thinks it has the legal authority to "authorize" somebody to break the Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-05 08:33:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) Gov't run anon servers 
Maybe I just don't know much about automated remailers, but I don't understand why you said that the passphrase "has to be" in plaintext in the script file.  I find this hard to believe.  While I am far from an expert on cryptographic matters, I would assume that any received attempt at a password could be securely hashed (128 bits?) and compared with a pre-stored hash value.   If it's the same, it's assumed that the password was correct.
What's wrong with this?

@_date: 1996-03-06 08:57:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (INFO) Leahy/Goodlatte introduce crypto bill 
At 12:17 PM 3/5/96 -0500, Voters Telecommunications Watch wrote on
Cypherpunks at toad.com:
It may be MOSTLY good, but I see a big problem.
[stuff deleted]
[stuff deleted]
For reasons which will be obvious to anyone who has read my "Assassination Politics" idea, I assert that the operation of the central organization could be absolutely legal under current black-letter law.  I may be right about this.   The description of the proposed bill, however, clearly attempts to criminalize any encryption which may have the effect of preventing discovery of people who ARE guilty of felonies, or are planning While the bill is not specifically quoted, the broad description given by VTW clearly suggests that it is an attempt to cover not merely the felon, but also anyone (including entirely innocent people) whose communication thwarts the ability of the cops to investigate the felon.  Regularly receiving encrypted, anonymous communications encrypted with your public key would qualify as a crime, I'll bet, if one of the people who sent them was "suspected" of a felony.
For that reason, I can't possibly support this bill; as usual, any such provisions will be abused, and obviously I consider any attempt to turn an otherwise-legal activity by private individuals into an illegal one is questionable at best. Oh, really?  Why is it that I think this provision was specifically written to deal with ME, huh?
What about the users themselves?  Why shouldn't they be told if their info was decrypted?
How about insisting on a provision which requires a key-holder to inform the source of the encrypted data, as well?
I already have a plan to "dissuade over-zealous law enforcement officials."  It is called, "Assassination Politics" and I think it will work as well against cops as it would against politicians.
By what measure?   A mixture of 1 pound of food and a couple grams of cyanide is "on the whole" mostly a healthy product.  Yet if you eat it, it will kill you.  It is those exceptions that make this bill unacceptable to me.
Sounds like it's about time to teach myself C++.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen...   Something....Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-03-06 20:00:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
As opposed to the drivel you normally see in the media?
Which "innocents"?  And which "deeply held beliefs"?  I've never advocated "savaging innocents."  But I don't consider people who benefit from government theft AND actively participate in that theft by being employed by that government as "innocents."
 >But after revewing the plenitude of those who have murdered
I notice you used the term, "murdered."  Well, by the strict definition of the term, that's merely premeditated killing which is against the law.  In a country suitably dictatorial government, defending oneself from agression by its agents is, then, "murder."
Sorry, but I don't subscribe to the agressor's (government's) opinion of what I may do to him if I were given the opportunity.
Read:  "It selectively focuses on a few, wrong people, and ignores the rest who are justified."
Did I get it?
Well, go right ahead.  The Economist is better than most, but I seriously doubt that there is going to be anything there that changes my mind.  Maybe I ought to email my essay to the author, to see what he thinks of it...
It's hard to provoke a person who is already dead.  If my system were operational, those "stormtroopers" wouldn't dare go to work in the morning.  Or can't you see that?
If we dictate all of our actions based on the fear of what THEY will do, then THEY have already won, and we have already lost.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1996-03-07 10:33:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Another Motivation for the CDA 
I am NOT relieved at hearing this.  If one must have a "judge's waiver," then that means he probably can "request" whatever other conditions he chooses to put on his waiver.  The government still has a motivation to make every crime a felony, down to and including jaywalking and speeding tickets.  (Don't try to tell me "they can't turn speeding tickets into a felony."  The term "felony" is defined, and can be RE-defined, to whatever the legislature wants at any time.  Naturally, this won't occur all at once; it'll happen in "reasonable" stages.)
All the more reason to adopt a system that will rid us of these parasites Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto
Something is going to happen.   Something.......................Wonderful!

@_date: 1996-03-07 12:03:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers and Leahy bill 
That's all this guy said.
Here's my more verbose response.
You are _entitled_ to not "agree" with me.  What you are NOT entitled to, however, is to have a government that violates my rights by attempting to restrict crypto and other freedoms, even if it is with the support of 51% of the Congress or 51% of the voters or 51% of the population.  (or even substantially more.)  If you actively support such a government, or even encourage such a government, you are doing what is analogous to "inciting a riot":  You are guilty of inciting the government to take improper, illegal, unconstitutional, or simply immoral actions against me and others, and in my opinion if such actions are taken you enter into that conspiracy.
You may be alarmed that I might consider you a criminal for just exercising your "free speech."  (If you're not alarmed, you SHOULD be!)  I myself would greatly prefer to live in a society where speech was totally free:  There would be no laws against libel and slander, and you could "yell 'fire' in a crowded theatre" without the possibility of prosecution.  (All the other potential customers will be home watching on tape rental, which will make what you can do in a theatre less significant.)
But until we live in such a world, I consider that yelling "child porn!" or "terrorism!" or "drug smuggling" in "a crowded Congress" or _to_ "a crowded Congress" that's anxious to restrict our rights ever further, is an incitement to violate my rights.
No, I don't think you do.  You've done NOTHING to actually _support_ my right to disagree, except possibly waste a few bytes of information space on a message that you did not see fit to publicize.  (I did, however.)  Clearly, your "support" for my "right to disagree" is essentially non-existent.
Jim Bell
Klaatu Burada Nikto!

@_date: 1996-03-07 13:45:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Whut it sez 
You need to learn to read more carefully.  The word they (according to VTW) used was "willfully," not "willingly."
In any case, assuming they either never made the error you noticed, or they manage to correct it before the bill becomes law, they will have just outlawed the used of encrypted remailers, because:
1.  They use encryption to hide the sender and/or the recipient of a note.
2.  Any law-enforcement agency could get a "cooperative", computer-literate criminal to upload a message that might, arguably, be part of a larger criminal offense (but really wasn't; the purpose is simply to justify an investigation) .  The encrypted remailer is then guilty of violation of this section, even if the underlying crime is never completed or even attempted.  Remember, you can have a "criminal investigation" without having a crime.  Or a "crime" can be fabricated at the appropriate time, just like they did to those operators of a California BBS, called from Oklahoma by the cops, and using a kid to turn the whole fraud into a crime.
Probably.  This section is their wish-list to Santa Claus.  It's easy to make mistakes when you're excited about something.   They're hoping you suckers will support the whole bill despite this booby-trap.   You're the fish, the rest of the bill is the worm, and this section is the hook.
Will you bite? Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-07 16:53:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
In case any of you people still think that Leahy bill ostensibly freeing up encryption is "progress," the following scenario is provided for your "Bob" runs an encrypted remailer.  His system forwards mail whose contents he cannot read, even if he wanted to.  He cannot know from where the messages originated, or where they ended up.  He likes it this way, because nobody can accuse him of complicity with a (encrypted) message that he can't One day, Leahy's bill passes, as described by VTW (and quoted by Peterson):
  "2804. Unlawful use of encryption to obstruct justice"       "Whoever willfully endeavors by means of encryption to obstruct,      impede, or prevent the communication of information in furtherance    to a felony which may be prosecuted in a court of the United States,    to an investigative or law enforcement officer shall-..."
I am assuming they fix the obvious error in the phrasing above.  "Bob," the operator of the encrypted remailer, receives an email one day which states something like:
"Thanks for the use of your nifty anonymous remailer.  Under a different name, I intend to use this remailer (along with others) to transmit child pornography, plot terrorism, and do all of my drug deals.  You've made my life so much more secure!"
Bob, alarmed at this note, tries to cover his ass by sending back a message asking this person to not do anything illegal on his machine, hoping that this will protect himself. The response is "as long as the system operates, it will be used for whatever I want!"
 What "Bob" doesn't realize is that the message came from an agent for the cops, who now have proof that he is aware that his system will be regularly used for illegal purposes.  If "Bob" is smart enough, he will realize his quandary, and he has only two choices:
1.  Shut the remailer down to prevent such use.
2.  Continue to run the remailer, knowing that it is being used for If he should choose the latter, the cops merely have their agent mail some kid some child pornography, and use Bob's remailer as the last link in the chain.   At that point, the "investigation" starts.  The cops approach "Bob," and insist that he tell them from where the message came.  Naturally, however, "Bob" is an honest fellow, and he runs a remailer that doesn't keep At that point, Bob is GUILTY of violation of the Leahy bill, because his encrypted anonymous remailer:
1.  Uses encryption to thwart message tracing, and thus the "criminal 2.  Bob has already been informed that his system will be used for illegal purposes; the cops have the messages to prove he has been told.  He's GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY, he will definitely lose the system and possibly whatever residence it runs in, and will probably have to pay a huge fine to boot. Now, you may not sympathize with Bob. This doesn't affect YOU, right?  RIGHT?!?   But let's suppose the cops offer him a DEAL!  "Spy for us, keep records and forward each and every one of them to us, and we won't prosecute you!"   Such a deal!
At that point, even an idiot begins to see the problem:  Suddenly, you can no longer trust ANY anonymous remailer, because the operator might have been "stung" already, and he's keeping his system up only to keep his house and life savings.  One by one, each encrypted anonymous remailer is dealt the same treatment, and pretty soon you can't trust any of them.  All the systems run by honest, uncoerced people will go down.  Naturally, this treatment will occur in every country that sites anonymous remailers.
So maybe the word gets out, occasionally.  At that point, usage of anonymous remailers declines, and people willing to risk operating one declines.  A few come up which are run by the Feds, which log anyone who  attempts to use Or am I the only person who can see this, huh?  If anybody doubts this scenario, I challenge you to tell me WHY it cannot happen.  I am, frankly, astonished at anybody who did not immediately see the potential downside to this portion of the bill!
Jim Bell, Pessimist and proud of it.
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-07 23:45:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Lawz to be. 
The wording of the paragraph is stilted and probably poorly written, as you noticed and as I've acknowledged.  Nevertheless, I think my objections are still valid:  If they get what they want, it will be possible for the government to _make_ encrypted remailers guilty of a crime, under the hypothetical scenario I mentioned before, with minor modifications depending on the law's exact phrasing.  The potential problem still exists.
In my opinion, if the underlying act they are describing is really illegal, and they can back up their claims with evidence, they should prosecute that act, NOT the use of encryption.  Yet another problem is that while the use of encryption today is comparatively rare and you have to go out of your way to use it, presumably we anticipate that both hardware and software developments will make use of encryption routine and ignorable.  Imagine a world in which it was as difficult to NOT use good encryption as it is now to use it:  The government would suddenly be able to tack on another charge to just about every major crime.  Is that what you really want?
Well, I disagree.  There may, indeed, be a "gotcha" THERE, too, but I don't think that's  the main one.
This is yet another reason that I'm opposed to this bill.  The "gains" we supposedly get are mostly re-statements of rights we already possess, but which the government has tried and mostly failed to curtail.  Why should we reward these people for stopping their attempts to steal from us?
perable That's another thing to be afraid of.  We're dependant on their interpretation of the law, and there's no reason to believe that they'll be generous once they have what they want.
My recollection of the details may be in error, but the principle and the problem remains:  The government clearly is willing to use a tactic which fabricates a crime, turning the victim into the "criminal."  There is no reason to believe that they won't try the same thing the moment a new "crime" is defined of using encryption. Is this relevant?  I mean, have YOU ever been prosecuted for a crime before?  Especially one that you didn't intend to commit?  Do you know how much it costs to defend yourself, even before the trial?  Do you know how much a trial will cost you?  Did you know that you aren't reimbursed if the verdict is "not guilty" or the charges are dropped?  This is called "deterrence", dammit!
Encrypted remailers aren't in it for the money.  They don't have a "legal budget."  They would be severely dissuaded if there was even a possibility that the government could decide to start harassing them.  Surely you see that!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-08 04:50:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers and Leahy bill 
Wouldn't help "Bob" in the least.  And you didn't read what I wrote very carefully, either:  Notice that I said, "under a different name."  In other words, the source of the note does not identify the user name under which the illegal activity is promised to occur.  Cancelling this particular fellow's account does NOTHING to prevent the illegal activity from occurring by other, unidentified users, and "Bob" knows it.
Moreover, such a statement (by Bob)  would be considered deliberately ineffective:  Any anonymous encrypted remailer operator is perfectly aware that his remailer can be used for illegal purposes without him ever finding out.  If the law was written carefully enough, that mere knowledge would make it a crime to continue to operate that remailer unless its use could be monitored and verified to be legal.  Technically, encryption would not be illegal, but using encryption would open one up to harrassment by government.   This would become a de-facto ban, at least for whoever was on the government's "shit list" that week.
Anyone stupid enough to misinterpret what I clearly wrote above deserves to be lambasted.
Poor response, and inaccurate too.
I am well aware of the possibilities.  But you just destroyed your own argument:  If the government is already capable of tracing such messages, and is doing so, it is presumably doing so illegally, or this tracing SHOULD be illegal.  If the government is already doing that, then we'd damn well look VERY carefully at any new bills that are proposed to regulate encryption, because we have far more to fear from them than they currently let on.
I'm disgusted by your "Warmly, Padgett."  While I  don't sympathize with their motivations, the "red-hunters" of the early 1950's had a term, "pink" to describe a person who was unduly sympathetic to the Communist cause:  A person who was just a bit too cozy with their philosophy.  Not quite "red," but...
In the 1990's encryption debates, you're a bit too "pink" on the pro-government side for me.
With generous amounts of disgust,
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
.....Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-08 08:30:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bidzos on CNBC, discussing Leahy's Bill 
Justa sec!  I thought it was the 1st amendment to the Constitution which was supposed to prevent mandatory key escrow.  Why should you be happy about a law:  A law which is made by Congress can be UNmade by Congress.  While I agree this segment of the bill may be an excellent result, there is no reason that we should have to tolerate the bad portions of this bill to get the good portions.
Which may, inadvertently, give the average individual the ILLUSION of protection.  Remember, prosecutions occur because the GOVERNMENT wants them to occur; there is no such thing as a "private prosecution," unfortunately.  I'm not particularly afraid of abuse by key escrow agents, because I have no intent of using one.  Having not read the bill, I can't know for sure, but I'd imagine that if the term "support" is in the bill, they define that term as broadly as they want to.  Sorry, but I'm not satisfied.  If an act is criminal, let's prosecute the act itself.  Any attempt to prosecute USE of encryption must, essentially by definition, impute an INTENT to the user, an intent that the government will fabricate after-the-fact.
The government will also use this law to keep themselves in business, as you probably understand I believe.
Let's give them NOTHING.  The government is already hamstrung in their
attempt to restrict encryption.  I expect that nothing in this bill helps us
out in any way.
As surprising as this may sound, I hope THEY "win."  Because that won't really be a win for them, and it won't really be a loss for "us."

@_date: 1996-03-08 13:05:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
Well, I'm not particularly interested in how the Establishment is going to demonize those who would seek its eventual downfall.  While I probably wouldn't have any argument against complaints about "state and church
terrorism," I really doubt whether the so-called "private terrorism" you mention above qualifies.
Most traditional "terrorism" (as least "traditional," by the standards of the last 20 years) is thought to involve relatively unfocussed attacks against people and locations, but in situations where attacks against selected government officials would be far more selective and effective.  Naturally, those same officials wouldn't approve of replacing a scattershot technique with one that targets them more directly. Since I propose exactly that kind of replacement, I am presumably not the most ingratiating figure to these people.

@_date: 1996-03-08 13:24:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers and Leahy bill 
Note to the rest of you:  Observe how Mr. Peterson carefully avoids quoting any material that was contained in my notes to him.  This makes his failure to respond to my points less clear.  This is entirely intentional on his part.
While technically correct, that comment was bullshit (at least as applied to my previous commentary) and you know it.  I've NEVER asked to be "assisted" in freedom; that's not what I'm complaining about.  I think it's clear you can't distinguish between "assisting" and "failing to prohibit."
Try again.
Silly truism.  What does this mean, anyway?
Who, exactly, are you referring to when you say "*their*"? rights?  An innocent citizen, unaffiliated with government?  Or somebody who violates my rights, steals my money to do it, etc.  It's not surprising that you weren't more clear.
They can always resign first. Nothing in the system I describe prevents this.   It _may_ save their lives.
Problem is, we don't yet live in "an electronic world."  Or, at least, our freedom is dependant on being able to deal with others in the non-electronic world.  And the government thugs of the world are busily trying to keep Internet from staying relatively free of controls and coercion.
That's a dangerous position to take.  When a law is on the books that the police can't easily enforce, they generally only enforce it against the people they perceive as being their enemies, and are worth spending the time to harass.
Huh?  What does this comment mean?  I wouldn't trust "key escrow" EVEN IF I was the only one to "hold the keys."  The reason is simple:  When I make a crypted telephone call, I was the session key used to evaporate the instant the call ends.  I don't want to allow the government to try to coerce me into revealing "my keys" because if there is no reason to keep those keys, they should not be kept.  Simple.
In other words, you're as spineless as a jellyfish.  I prefer methods more likely to get results.  And when it's RIGHTS we're talking about, I will not hesitate to punish people who violate them.
Which means that you have no persistence nor sense of priorities.  Five years from now and the "war" will probably be over. No, my postings show how silly your postings are.
BTW, "reverse psychology" doesn't work on anyone above the age of five or so.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-09 03:24:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
Well, first, the section's phrasing is screwed up.  Whether this is the fault of VTW, who posted the text, or the original bill I do not know.  Second, if what they're charging is the hindrance of an felony investigation, it isn't clear to me why they would be limiting the charging of that "crime" to only those actually who have committed a felony. (logic isn't the normal mode of thought for a government employee, you realize.)   Third, all they have to do is to "suspect" the person of a felony, and a "felony investigation" starts.  That would presumably make him guilty of the Leahy bill's provision, regardless of whether he is actually participating in the crime supposedly being investigated.
Fourth, I gave what I considered to be a clear example of the hypothetical misuse of an encrypted remailer by the cops, one that would arguably make the remailer operator guilty of some "reasonable" anti-kiddie-porn statute.  At that point, _he_is_ the target of the investigation.  Unless you can show that this kind of action by the government is impossible, I consider it to be not merely possible but almost certain to occur.
Fifth, it isn't clear what amount of knowledge is necessary to "trigger" this clause, especially in its current flawed state.  Since ISP's and encrypted remailers might know, in general, that their systems can and probably are being used for SOME criminal activity, even if they can't identify it or the user, or decrypt it, etc, a broad interpretation of the resulting law could easily de-facto prohibit any business practices (i.e., allowing users to use encryption) that prevents full-scale monitoring and/or This is only the beginning of the problems with this section.  If you can explain why nothing I've described could possibly occur, I welcome a contrary explanation.  But I would also ask this:  Why, exactly, do we need this section?  We've already been told that the opponents of this bill will fight it tooth-and-nail under its current wording; if that's the case then the presence of this section is inadequate to appease their unhappiness.  Therefore, we shouldn't include it in the bill at all; it does no good.
Any explanations, Dan?
BTW, I'm not the source of those recent anonymous notes on Cypherpunks criticizing you for the support of this bill.  As you by now have guessed, I'm not at all reticent about standing up and being counted and identified.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-09 03:43:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Quotations 
1.  Peterson admits he "avoided" references.
2.  The "reason" he gave (that the material was sent to me personally) does not justify or even explain his failing to quote my material and respond to it.  He could have just as easily sent me email that contained responses to all of my comments, had he chosen to do so.
I do not "respect" sleazy people, and especially sleazy people who are trying to evade the issues and their failure to be able to address the matters under discussion by hiding it in email.  I refuse to assist others in hiding their dishonesty by such a tactic.  Since the matter started out as a public discussion, I chose to keep it public and still choose this.
Except that your failure to quote that material was clearly intended to disguise the fact that you had no satisfactory response (even by your own standards!) to my commentary.  This is typical of you.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-10 02:37:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics(tm) was V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
I think that's a misleading conclusion.  While it may, arguably, be "most useful" useful to one kind of person or another, that doesn't mean that it won't be, cumulatively, vastly more useful to the rest of the population.  To carry the gun analogy a bit further, somebody might argue that "a handfun will be most useful to a criminal in the commission of a robbery."  Aside from gloriously ignoring the self-defense issue, this interpretation falsely implies that the fact that SOME bad person might benefit from it justifies banning them.
Is this relevant?  And I don't recall where the "disagreement" you describe exists:  I think there will be some people killed for $1000, some won't be killed for less than $100,000.
It's far easier to "believe in what they do" when nobody is out there planning to kill them for doing it.
By whom will it be investigated?  And it's merely a matter of ensuring that the payments can be made anonymously; I would consider anyone who tried to do such traces to be an enemy, and I'm sure anyone who believed in the underlying idea would as well.
Question:  Let's suppose your neighbor had a $20,000 price on his head.  Even if, arguably, you didn't want to see him die, you also wouldn't want somebody to drive a car through his front wall, filled with 1000 pounds of ANFO, and blow his house up, along with doing tens of thousands of dollars of damage to your house as well.  I would say you would have somewhat of a motivation to ensure that when the killing eventually occurred, it occurred in a way that wouldn't negatively affect you.
That won't mean much if the "minimum price" went to $20,000.  This could easily be raised for many government employees.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-10 03:27:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (INFO) Leahy/Goodlatte introduce crypto bill 
Dear Mr. Sadfar,
By now I'm sure you've read a few items that I posted not only to you, but also to the cypherpunks mailing list, as well as the NWLIBERTARIANS at teleport.com list.  I believe you have made a grievous error in your position apparently supporting the Leahy bill.  As you presumably understand by now, based on your description of the bill it contains an extraordinarily serious flaw, in that it makes a new crime concerning the USE of encryption.
Ostensibly, this is "reasonable," but I've already presented a scenario on Cypherpunks (also posted to you; as I write this it may not yet have appeared there, but I copied you) in which the government uses this provision maliciously to go after anonymous remailers.  While that was merely a specific example, almost any service that protects the identity of its customers and allows them network access is potentially at a serious risk, because the US government has been known to fabricate a crime (for example, the "Amateur Action" BBS case from a few years ago) in order to make criminals out of non-criminals.
As you have quoted it, Leahy's bill allows the government to, in effect, "stalk" a service provider (anonymous encrypted remailer, anonymous digital cash bank, Internet access provider, etc) and create a crime that involves the provider well beyond the standards described in this bill.  The government can CREATE a crime, "to order" as it were, and snare the service provider in the net, despite the fact he has done nothing wrong. (In fact, he could be "guilty" even if there was no way, short of going out of business, to avoid the "crime.")   This, I hope you agree, is totally unacceptable, but despite this, you said: Frankly, you made an error, and "it was a doozy!"  But what I fear is that you will "dig your heels in" and hesitate to admit it, and continue on calling this "a good bill."  You _would_ be right about that, except for the specific portion that is referred to above.
(In addition, as Padgett Petersen noticed on Cypherpunks, that portion of the bill seemingly contains an error of phrasing, although we can't tell and we are depending on your quoting of that bill.  Please verify that the quotation you made was accurate, and please carefully read that portion to see if you can identify the  problem both Mr. Petersen and I observed.  Since it just about reverses the entire meaning of the paragraph, it is vital to know what the actual bill said and meant.)
I strongly recommend that you _DRAMATICALLY_ change the tone of your support:  Please make it clear that your support for this bill is ENTIRELY conditional on removing the offending section. (I see little or no problem with your description of the rest of the bill, except for a few items I mention below.)  I certainly invite any challenge you'd care to make to my reasoning and logic:  If you feel I'm wrong in my estimation of what the government could do with that portion of the bill, say so and back up your analysis.  If, on the other hand, you recognize that I'm right, or at least on the right track, I think you have a certain moral responsibility to ensure that this "wolf in sheep's clothing" doesn't get by the shepherd.
Remember, in your press release you said:
It would be far more accurate to say, "This legislation COULD BE an excellent initiative, if a short section were removed."
If this is REALLY true, then he will have to listen to our suggestions, right?  People listen WHEN THEY HAVE TO CONVINCE YOU OF SOMETHING.  Failing to make Leahy aware of what we consider terribly wrong with that bill would be irresponsible.  If Leahy REALLY wants the bill passed, and "all" the potential supporters insist on the removal of the offending section, he will have no choice but to do so, since it has already been widely predicted that the administration will oppose it.  If, indeed, they will oppose it, they will oppose it REGARDLESS of whether it contains that bad spot or not.
While I do indeed intend to vote in this election year, as you may be aware I believe there are other weapons the public will eventually be able to use against recalcitrant politicians and government employees of all types.  The government is presumably well aware of my position, and it would certainly not be unexpected if they were desperately trying to avoid what I consider to be an inevitable conclusion.  This particular bad section, in what is probably an otherwise-good bill, seems tailor-made to fight against developments that I think this society and "our" government can't avoid, and shouldn't avoid.
I'm not asking you to endorse, or for that matter even acknowledge, my theories.  However, you should at least take notice of the fact that Congress' motivations are clearly to maintain its power over the citizenry, and they will presumably act in predictable fashion to achieve this goal.  We've already got them on the run; they can't pass Clipper and they knew they couldn't prosecute Zimmermann, and their position on ITAR is resoundingly criticized by individuals and industry alike.  Most people agree that these rules have to change; it would be a tragedy if we "gave away the store" just to get a few trinkets.  The fact is, this bill didn't have to contain the offending section, and it doesn't have to keep it.  If we make our absolute opposition to that portion clear, who will stand up and support it?  Only those people within government who secretly want this bill to pass, that's who!
Well, frankly, it looks like SOMEBODY managed to sneak in a pit into the cherry pie.   (or a worm into the apple!)   I wonder who could have done this?  What do you want to bet that there aren't any fingerprints on it?!?
In my opinion, key escrow agents should be required to inform THEIR CLIENT, the actual user of the key, BEFORE giving the key to the cops. They should also be obligated to fight any such request if the key holder requests it.  (Remember, if key-escrow is really voluntary, then it is a contract between the encryption-user and the key escrow agent, and the encryption user should be able to put whatever conditions he wishes on that relationship.  Presumably, he would not have entered into that relationship unless he was able to control the disposition of the key.) Furthermore, the cops should not be allowed to do any decryption of any material wiretapped before they possess the key itself.
In summary, I think you really need to revisit your support for this bill.  It is only a short distance away from being a good bill, but that is a trip we must make if we are to protect and even expand our freedom.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-10 03:56:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
Unfortunately, what you find "hard to believe" I find easy to believe.  Remember, if this bill is passes, it doesn't merely affect YOU, it affects ME.  So I suggest the burden of proof is on YOU to show that these provisions aren't going to be maliciously interpreted by the courts.
I'm not a lawyer, but I assume neither are you.  Please explain the LEGAL DEFINTION of "in furtherance of a felony."  If you can't, then you simply don't know how far they will go.  And you're depending on the reasonableness of the government for the interpretion.
What you think is irrelevant.  Most people probably didn't realize what the government did in the Amateur Action BBS case was "legal," either.  But they did it anyway.
Are you assuming that you have the key?  Remember, if you run an encrypted anonymous remailer, and assuming you do it honestly, you won't be keeping records as to the source of the note.
Thus, if they "serve a warrant" and you CAN'T decrypt the message (or tell them where it came from) then why aren't you already guilty?  Remember, the wording of the proposed law doesn't require that you have full knowledge of the crime involved, merely that you act "in furtherance" of it...   If you don't possess the key, but you explicitly ran your remailer so that you never it, just so you couldn't relinquish it, you have structured your operation too thwart any investigations.  You are ALREADY guilty.  This may not sound reasonable, but the government no longer (if it ever did) considers "reasonableness" to be an impediment to their actions.
Question:  What, exactly, is the motivation of a person running an anonymous remailer?  His motivation is clear:  To allow people to send anonymously untraceable messages.  Assuming he's of ordinary levels of intelligence or beyond, he is aware that somebody may some day use his system for illegal purposes.  You're going to have to explain why a court _CAN'T_ interpret this as being in violation of the law.
Your optimism is touching.  It is also vastly misguided.
Gee, I wish you were right, but my experience with government thugs says that they will do anything they think they can get away with.
I don't "condemn the entire bill."  I would, however, reject the entire bill if that provision remains.  And morever, if we make a serious attempt to have it removed, the more they resist removing it the more we should insist it go.
There would still be a problem.  What's the definition of "actually involved in committing the felony"?  Are you aware, for example, that manufacturers of small plastic screw-top vials have been prosecuted and convicted simply because their vials could be used to hold small quantities of drugs such as cocaine and crack?  This was a case from a few years back, BTW.  I wish I could remember the cite.
If you're not aware of these things, WAKE UP!  Your optimism disgusts me, because it is entirely unrealistic and based on a rose-colored-glasses view of the government.
Why would "those that are in the middle" object to a bill which is little more than a re-statement of rights we already believe we have?!?
There is no viable middle ground here.  Any tool can be abused.
On the contrary, my opinion is "The _government_ is a serious problem that we are already having a terrible time dealing with."   Fortunately, I've found a solution, and the government is trying as hard as it can to prevent it (and "crypto-anarchy" in general) from taking root.
Ha ha!  That's rich!  There is no reason that a "pro-encryption" bill has to contain any general "anti-crime" clauses.  The average person is afraid of
burglars, muggers, murderers, rapists, car thieves.  When is the last time the average person was the victim of a crime whose investigation could be "thwarted" by the use of encryption?  If you can't think of an example, you've just proved my point:  This provision is entirely irrelevant to the average citizen (at least in a "positive" way) and can't be considered a "win" for him. I'm working on the real-life sequel.

@_date: 1996-03-10 04:50:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assasination Politics 
+__________^^^     Ooops! my error, I meant "can't."
The one thing that disappoints me about the result of my presentation of this idea is that I haven't heard any intelligent arguments quantitatively arguing that things will be worse.  Other proponents simply agree that the system would be better; most of the opponents don't take the trouble to quantify their objections.  What's interesting is that you see this; yet there are a number of opponents who can't seem to realize that what THEY want (or, for that matter, what _I_ want) may be absolutely irrelevant to what is actually going to happen.  These are the kind of discussions I'd most want to have.  I understand, however, that anybody might hesitate a bit to appear to be actively encouraging such a system.  That's why I've decided my best function is to be the initiator of the idea, and the primary educator.  Somebody else will actually develop the system, probably without telling me anything.
Perhaps, but most (non-net-using) people are so unaware of encryption as to make this irrelevant, I think.
Well, there's not a great deal that we can do to prevent it.  Five years ago, I'm sure the then-users of the Internet were fearful of all the newbies to come; even today, we may subtly fear those to come.   In other words, once WE'RE on the lifeboat, we don't want anyone else to show up!
Have you forgotten what might happen to those same televangelists?
While I'd sure like to be able to design a system where only the "right" people die (by my own opinion), I'm under no illusion that this would be anything other than a dictatorship under "Jim Bell" or whoever happened to be in control.  I think I've done a fairly good job of designing (anticipating?) a system that will do a lot of good, hopefully without doing a lot of bad.
There may be nothing I can do about the negatives, unfortunately.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-10 06:46:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics(tm) was V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle  Helmets 
At 01:45 PM 3/9/96 -0500, Jean-Francois Avon (JFA Technologies, QC, Canada)
Ever since I started publicizing my "Assassination Politics" idea, I've noticed that self-selected opponents of this idea frequently invent these hypothetical scenarios to try to criticize it.  Now, I can't deny that any given scenario can happen, but I respond that I don't believe that it would occur very frequently, and I usually give reasons why.  I don't normally get any kind of challenge to this:  They've shot their wad, so to Well, I agree, but keep in mind that the text you quoted above was apparently written by a critic, not a proponent.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-10 11:08:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy's guillotine. 
Recent Senate crypto bill
 Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. BURNS, and MRS. MURRAY) introduced the
  following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee
[stuff deleted]
2804. Unlawful use of encryption to obstruct justice
  Whoever willfully endeavors by means of encryption to obstruct,
   impede, or prevent the communication of information in furtherance
   to a felony which may be prosecuted in a court of the United States,
   to an investigative or law enforcement officer shall...
I think we may reasonably assume that this section was very carefully written, and thus it may contain meanings (or avoid containing meanings) that only a careful reading will disclose.  Contrary to some other sloppy  interpretations that I've seen here recently from organizations that ought to know better, I see nothing in this section that limits the prosecution on this law to people who are actually participating in a crime.  This distinction is vital.   While the sentence is not diagrammed, it appears to be the INFORMATION which is in "furtherance to a felony," not the "obstructing" of that communication.  The implication is that it is not necessary that a person know the exact information involved or be able to decrypt it; he needs only be deliberately using encryption to prevent the knowledge of what the information is about, or its routing.  (As in an encrypted anonymous remailer, for instance.) Moreover, the errors among the organizations that are now apparently declaring their general support for this amendment are apparently based on a false view of the effects of this section.  Aside from this, it isn't clear what is meant by the phrase, "obstruct, impede, or prevent the communication of information in furtherance to a felony."    An obvious problem is this:  How will they know if the use of encryption actually had that effect?  If it was UNsuccessful, then obviously that encryption did not prevent the government from obtaining information.  If it was SUCCESSFUL, then how is the government to know that the communication in question was "in furtherance to a felony"?  Even if they can prove the felony by other means, how can they show that the communication actually had anything to do with the crime?
Another problem:  Encryption, per se, does not "prevent the communication of information."  What it does, of course, is to prevent the UNDERSTANDING of that information.  Do the writers of this bill intend to use this law to punish the LATTER effect, rather than the former? Further, how is the person to be charged to know if his use of encryption had the effect of "obstruct[ing], imped[ing], or prevent[ing] the communication of that information?  If he encrypts a file to his hard disk, and he doesn't intentionally send the file to the cops, how is he supposed to anticipate that the use of encryption had this effect?  As far as HE knows, it was simply his decision to not send the file to the cops; he can't be expected to know that they'll show up the next morning with a search warrant and take his computer, can he?  Would his refusal to provide the decrypt key constitute a violation of this section?
Or, if he sends that file to another person, and the cops happen to be (secretly) listening in, how is he to know?  Does their inability to decrypt that information constitute a violation of this section?  After all, the cops did indeed get the encrypted file; they simply don't know what to do with it!  They are already "impeded" in UNDERSTANDING that file; a broad interpretation of this law would make the person who is wiretapped, as well as the person to/from whom the file is send, guilty of this crime.
I'll be blunt, because it's what I do best:  Anybody who reads this section of the bill and is NOT worried about its myriad possible interpretations is a fool or worse.  I'd welcome a lawyer's interpretation of this law, but I suspect he'd be just as worried as I am:  This section is a disaster waiting to happen; it is genuinely a Pandora's box that is just waiting to be opened by some sleazy prosecutor.
Further, any organization with even a shred of credibility that does not condition its support for this bill on the complete removal of this section is doing the rest of us an extreme disservice:  It is trading on and risking
its reputation, because many of them are issuing opinions of this section of the bill with assurances that it will only be used against "guilty" people, when there is simply no way to know if this is going to be true.
Wake up, people.  These days, the only difference between a limousine and a tumbrel is the destination...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-10 13:25:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
Well, you're arguing in apparent favor of a segment of a bill which CHANGES current law.  Moreover, you're suggesting that we should trust the government's biased future interpretation of the ambiguous wording.  Since that clause doesn't really have to be there for the rest of the bill to stand by itself, I'd say it's fairly obvious that the burden of proof is on you.  I'm arguing, on the other hand, that there is danger in ambiguity, and there is!
Please note my more recent commentary to "all" where I point out that it is the INFORMATION which is to be "in furtherance of a felony," not the action of the person doing the encryption.  Like I pointed out, the sentence is not diagrammed, but I think it's fair to conclude that knowledge of the details of the information is unnecessary to be guilty under this section of the bill, merely the fact that you're using encryption to hide SOMETHING WHICH _MIGHT_ BE INFORMATION "IN FURTHERANCE OF A FELONY."
We're getting into pretty dangerous territory, I think.
They used to prosecute conspiracies when there was no crime!  Did you know that?  In the late 1800's, it was not illegal for a worker to endeavour to have his salary increased, but union membership ("a conspiracy") was ILLEGAL!
In other words, a conspiracy to do a legal thing was illegal.
I seriously doubt it.  I haven't gotten a response from Mr. Safdar, yet, which I consider to be suspicious.  If he's confident of his position he'll back up his interpretation with whatever legal advice he used to decide on his original support.  My guess is that he simply read the bill in a sloppy fashion, jumped to the conclusion that the writers of the bill hoped we'd do, and wrote up his support without a lawyer's advice.
Yes, it was a "travesty."  But it was a travesty because the people involved simply didn't care whether what they did looked kosher to the average BBS/net user, and figured the average citizen wouldn't care.
Not if I have my way about it.  I assume you are aware that I'm the author and primary proponent of my "Assassination Politics" essay.  I consider it essentially inevitable.  Moreover, with the exception of a few killings done by perfectly anonymous people, it should be entirely legal by current black-letter law.  This should eventually eliminate the ability of the government to cause the kind of outrages we've all heard about,  such as the SJ Games case, Amateur Action case, and of course Waco and Ruby Ridge, along with many others.  Once adopted, any government employee who pisses off even a tiny fraction of the population would either resign or die, or both, and you'd never have to wonder whether a government-hired murderer would get away with his crimes.
You need to understand that long before I started publicizing this idea, I was fully aware that the government would have to do something to prevent this from happening:  They'd have to write new laws to make crimes out of things that were not formerly crimes.  I believe that they are trying to do exactly this with this new law:  What they want to do is to be able to prosecute people who are doing nothing more than collecting "bets" and paying off "winners" in a "lottery" that government employees can only lose, In short, the government is trying to head off "crypto-anarchy," which I guess is Tim May's trademark.  I suggest that we don't allow them to; it will merely make the government's eventual end even bloodier.
You shouldn't use the example of a "reporter."  See, due to the 1st amendment (and the fact that news organizations are rich and influential) the law tends to defer to the media in situations where it shouldn't.  For example, a reporter can usually refuse to give sources for information, but ordinary citizens can't refuse to testify against other people in an analogous way.  (I'm not saying the reporter should be forced to testify; I'm saying the average citizen should NOT be!)   Citing the example of a reporter is therefore misleading, because you could be correct about the current interpretation in that instance  but not if you tried to apply this analogy to the operator of an anonymous remailer.
Again, your example is misleading.  Manfacturers and suppliers of goods and services that are rich and have been around a long time have hired lobbyists to get politicians to formulate laws that are "friendly" to their particular business.  Anonymous remailers, on the other hand, have little budget, none for lobbying, and they have no "history" of court cases that back up their rights in these matters.  Cite all the cases you want from "smokestack America" and it'll get you nowhere:  Juries may sympathize with car rental places (who at least do a credit check on their customers, BTW) but there's no guaranteee they'll sympathize with a remailer whose "only" function is to disguise the source of a message.
 >> > If I set Well, so far, a number of organizations seem to have fallen for this bill.  Most of them are smart enough to be worried about this section, but the problem is that they are not aware of how bad the problems are.  They have no imagination; they don't try to answer the question, "How can this law be If you've already admitted that the Amateur Action BBS case was a "travesty," then how in the world can you call me "paranoid"?    As the saying goes, "You're not paranoid if the ARE out to get you!"
It doesn't take "all" of them to be thugs for a bill such as this to be abused.  The scum rises to the top, or floats to the bottom.
In the "middle" of what?  The public?  Or a few self-interested politicians?  If it's the latter, I'd say "fuck 'em!"  If the only way they'll pass the rest of the bill is to have that portion of the bill there, then they must think that portion of the bill is REAL IMPORTANT!   And if they think that, you need to ask yourself WHY is it so important to them?
Sorry, but _I_ know why it's so important to them; the power and even their very lives are on the line.
Who "deserves it"?  And why wouldn't you be satisfied with convicting them
of whatever crime they are presumably already guilty of?!?
That's the problem:  These kinds of cases are often not well publicized.  People like you get a vastly over-optimistic view of "the law" when you don't know the distances the thugs will go to persecute and prosecute people.  Question:  let's suppose the wording of this section of this bill CAN be "used to the ridiculous extreme"?  If we presume that the people who wrote this bill were intelligent and knew what they wanted, why would not not conclude that "the ridiculous extreme" is EXACTLY what they wanted?  And if that's the case, then we'd damn well better figure out just how "ridiculous" those extremes are!
I've already pointed out that "the average citizen" is unaffected by crime whose investigation can be "thwarted" by the use of encryption.  You're going to have to explain why such a section is even there: Who is it going to appease, and why?
You mean POLITICIANS, don't you?  Not ordinary citizens!
The reason I can't "sell this premise to everyone in Congress" is that it is exactly those people who are the problem!   And my solution involves either 535 resignation letters or 535 coffins, whichever.  And they are reacting That might be the "realistic" position, but it's a position which assumes that the government employees have their own agenda and interests, and will act on those interests and against those of the average citizen.  This is certainly true, obviously, but that is exactly where the problem lies!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-10 14:07:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: rhetorical trickery 
Or it's the list of local dairies, and the guy can't spel....
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-10 14:37:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy's guillotine. 
Well, I'll separate it for closer review:
The problem is that the original sentence (in the proposed law) is ambiguous.  But I think the most likely interpretation is that it is the "information" which is in "furtherance of a felony," and "obstructing the commmication" of that information is the crime they define.
The law is POORLY worded.  Padgett Peterson noticed this yesterday, BTW, and commented on it on Cypherpunks.  You've stumbled on the alternate meaning that he complained about.  Realistically, however, I think we can probably agree that this meaning was not the one they intended; that's why for purposes of analysis I study the other meaning.
I think I disagree.  What we need, however, is an "emergency-call English major" who could diagram the various possibilities for us and we could study them separately.  There's plenty of ambiguity in this sentence; but I think that is absolutely intentional.  obviously government to know that the That depends on who you believe actually wears the white hats...
Well, I invite you to try to construct an interpretation of the sentence in as many ways as you can imagine.  I think you'll discover that it is practically intended to mislead.
of Justa sec... I think you've forgotten that merely running an anonymous encrypted remailer could be considered "willful obstruction."  Now, if the communication wasn't "in furtherance to a felony" then it wouldn't be criminal (it would be a LEGAL "willful obstruction, right?) , but then again the operator wouldn't know that, would he?  Which brings us to yet another ambiguity:  The operator of an anonymous encrypted remailer wouldn't know that any given packet was "in furtherance of a felony" but he MIGHT be absolutely aware that any one of them COULD be!  Does this rise to the level of violating the law?  If not, why not?
Who, in this case, is "the enemy"?  As far as I can see, "the enemy" are the people who wrote this section of the bill.
While it's been a few decades since I last diagrammed a sentence, I will start by putting parentheses around sections of this sentence to separate it into what I believe is its "intended" meaning.  I challenge anyone to re-write this section to:
1.  Achieve what he believes to be a "reasonable" result and
2.  Avoids the criticisms that I've previously mentioned WRT this portion of
the Also, I think anyone who supports this kind of section should be able to give me a few examples of crimes whose investigation has (or could be) thwarted in a way that would violate this section.  I've said it before and I'll say it again:  The average citizen is essentially never the victim of a crime of this type.  For whom, then, is this law written?  I think it's written for the benefit of the politicians alone.  They want to live.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-11 00:19:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers and Leahy bill 
It may be similarly illegal, but it's still a bit different.  See below.
It is occasionally argued that business doesn't like regulation.  That observation is misleading:  It turns out that _big_ business actually benefits, at least differentially, from regulation:  If it costs a fixed amount to keep a corporation on the right side of the regulation, that's the same for a tiny company and a large company, in fixed dollars.  However, as a fraction of sales, it can be vastly different.  "Big business" is well aware that regulations keep down the competition.  "Big business" wants JUST ENOUGH regulation to achieve its ends of reducing competition, but without being too expensive for itself.
One big advantage that AOL, or for that matter ANY online service has, is that its customers (or the customers of a competing big service) will be on any jury.  They are familiar with how such an organization operates, and they can sympathize a bit with the difficulty of monitoring all this material.  They may, in fact, want to KEEP AOL from doing this monitoring, and thus they'll cut AOL some slack when it comes to any decision.  Prosecutors know this, judges know this, etc.  In this case, familiarity breeds tolerance.
Encrypted anonymous remailers, however, are more of a shady, fly-by-night sort of operation.  The average AOL user may not even have HEARD about them, let alone actually used them or depended on their continued existence.  It is far less likely that a juror will understand why they exist, and will be more likely to think the remailer is responsible for any illegalities committed with that service.  Besides, any prosecutor is fully aware that AOL has enough money to defend itself fully, and has the ability to generate angry publicity from its customers against its harassers.  Essentially by definition, an anonymous remailer can't count on anyone stepping forward and saying, "I use this encrypted anonymous remailer a lot..."
On the contrary:  It is the application of any such law which is critical, and that can't be accurately gauged until the law is actually passed and it is in the hands of prosecutors.  I'm not willing to give them that chance.  I'm certain they will abuse the law.
But if you doubt their motivations, I recommend that you try to have that section removed.  If that section was put there just as a "throwaway," they won't squawk.  But I predict they will be extremely reluctant to remove it, because that's exactly the portion of the bill they really want.  They don't want you to know this, of course.  Please test them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-11 04:11:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Explosives, Criminality, and Preemptive Action 
Justa sec, Tim, the second amendment says, "keep and bear _arms_", not merely "guns."  My dictionary defines arms as "objects used as weapons."  Explosives can be used as weapons, both offensively and defensively.  Are you assuming that the possession of ANFO must be offensive?
But again, it appears that you are assuming that "building a bomb" is not covered in the 2nd amendment.  I believe, to the contrary, that it very much is covered, even if this interpretation isn't very much respected.
"the bomb"?   Again, you're assuming a lot...  What would you say to a person who buys 1000 pounds of AN, who claims to do it because he believes that some day, it might be outlawed or restricted severely by an even-more oppressive government?  Is there anything illegitimate in anticipating and preparing for the advent of tyranny?
Again, I disagree.  I broadly interpret the 2nd amendment to  mean that I should be entitled to possess ANY "objects used as weapons," including chemical (both explosives and poisons), biological, and yes, nuclear.  Thus, the possession of bomb-making materials cannot be interpreted as a by-definition-offensive position, and it isn't even clear to be that the 2nd amendment isn't supposed to cover weapons whose "only" use is offensive.  Remember, the people who wrote the 2nd had just fought and won a revolution, and they were well aware that people needed the tools to do this if they were to stay free.
Not in Oregon!  AN can be bought, without ID, in most places that stock
fertilizer.  True, it wasn't, but that was simply because those people in Oregon didn't choose to defend themselves.  Tiny amounts of drugs were found, all of which could have been planted by the cops to justify post-facto the raid.  (I'm not saying they WERE planted, merely that police are usually fully prepared for such eventualities.  Drugs are usually chosen because they are illegal per-se, and it's easier to sneak in an ounce of pot than 200 pounds of AN.  If they don't find anything suspicious, they usually come prepared to make their own evidence.  I know, because one of my best friends is an ex-cop who tells me all about this kind of stuff.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-11 04:18:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Lawz to be. 
If  you acknowledge that, you are agreeing that a prosecutor could take that position to court, and until the Supreme Court decides he's wrong, he gets to harass citizens. But what, exactly, is included in that latter meaning?  Does a person who runs an anonymous encrypted remailer, who is fully aware that somebody could be using his system at any moment to break a law, classify as in violation?  That's the  problem, I think:  The government wants to shut down the USE of encryption among those it decides to target, while ostensibly keeping encryption legal.
You're just as optimistic as Weinstein.  I'm not.
That's a mixed blessing.  Are you aware of the fact that in the 1930's, the Supreme Court ruled that a farmer growing corn and feeding it to his pigs was engaging in "interstate commerce" because (the court "reasoned") if he didn't grow the corn it would have to be brought in to the state from another state (or displace other usages which would, themselves, have to need a similar import) so he was doing "interstate commerce."
(and just a few years later, in three separate cases, they upheld the internment of Japanese-Americans on the west coast as a preventative Ignore this all you want, but the fact is that judges are sleazy people who
will do exactly what they want to do regardless of how wrong it is.
Whose fingerprints are on this portion of the bill?
I don't want any "new crimes," except possibly those that punish acts by government employees and officeholders.
That's not how the proposed law reads.  I realize that what you were given may be the "Walt Disney" version of the law, but reality will be dramatically different, I can assure you.  Maybe you ought to ask one of these lawyers if he is willing to write a legal brief describing the "worst-case scenario":  What a malicious prosecutor COULD do with this law if he so chose.  And remind him that the operators of encrypted remailers don't have the funds to take any appeals to the Supreme Court:  Lawyers are usually trained to knee-jerk assume that they can eventually get the "right" decision from the SC, which assumes _they_are_hired_ by a defendant who can afford this route.    I cannot.   I _will_not_.
It sounds like you're assuming that this bill is a "take it or leave it" type of proposition.  I'm not.  I see no reason to come to some sort of a "Siskel and Ebert"-type of thumbs-up/thumbs-down decision on the whole thing.
I'll say it again:  If the only way this bill can be passed is the inclusion of this particular section, then that must mean that somebody "out there" must want that part REALLY badly.  And if they want it that badly, I want it gone even more!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-11 04:18:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy's guillotine. 
And if the government should take the position that the mere existence of an anonymous encrypted remail allows for illegal use, without detection by the operator, then a person could easily argue that the mere willful OPERATION of that remailer violates the section.
I disagree.  At least, I disagree that this interpretation will be automatically adopted by the government thugs.
Which brings up a case from the midwest which (fortunately) was overturned by the SC a few years ago.  Seems a person was repeatedly sent ads (in reality, the ads came from the government!) offering some kind of pornographic material.  A "long time" later, he eventually "bit" and ordered something.  Needless to say, this was enough to get a search warrant, and a prosecution.  Question:  Despite the fact that this conviction was eventually overturned, don't you think the prospect of a multi-year all-out battle with the prosecutors would be enough to deter people from doing things that they believed might really be legal, but would be looked on with disfavor by equally-sleazy prosecutors?
Why is it that I get the impression that the people who don't see this provision as being so bad have no sense of reality?  Are they not aware of the various ways prosecutors abuse their positions?
In other words, they're aiming the gun at you, but they don't quite yet have their finger on the trigger.  When, exactly, do you start worrying?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-11 14:40:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Lawz to be. 
By now you should have seen my most recent item, an editorial by George
Will.  The case he describes should make it clear to you that the abuse of
property owned by an "innocent victim" does not protect that person from
confiscation of his property.  Or did you think it would?
Okay, here are some questions you should be asking them:
1.  Why was this one highly negative section added to what is otherwise apparently a good bill?  Whose fingerprints are on it?
2.  "All" bills can be amended.  "Why not this section?!?"
3.  "Why is this section so ambiguous?"
4.  What crimes, EXACTLY, do you intend to prosecute using this section?
5.  Can you list any examples of REAL incidents that have already occurred that would be in violation of this section if it were already in law?  (Surely they know of some, right?!?)  If they can think of no such examples, ask them why they are putting a "useless provision" into a law and why is it so important that it be there that we can't have it removed.
6.  And finally, "what are you guys afraid of?"
You don't know how strongly I feel about this.  If that is all that I was planning to do to stop this bill, I would consider myself to be a slacker.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto...   Which should stop this damn bill if you guys don't.

@_date: 1996-03-11 18:07:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Do you feel lucky, punk? 
Your logic is faulty.  The issue is not whether Mr. Bennis' interest in the car could be taken; the issue is whether _Mrs._ Bennis' interest can.  The "reasoning" given by Rehnquist (which I quoted; you ignored the quote) clearly indicates that he thinks Mrs. Bennis should lose her interest as well.  Go back and re-visit the issue.  As for the comparison of the levels of "guilt" of Mrs. Bennis and the hypothetical encrypted anonymous remailer, generally the law tends to claim to punish people for things they can do something about; it is somewhat pointless to punish a person for something he (or she) has no control over.  Mrs. Bennis can not be reasonably expected to be able to stop her husband from using the car; thus she can't be expected to stop him from ABUSING it, either.  Despite this, Rehnquist tries to punish her.  Clearly, he feels that anyone who is at the level of control of Mrs Bennis (or, presumably, greater) is responsible for such abuse.  (Four justices disagreed, however.)
An anonymous remailer, on the other hand, does not have to exist:  The operator could simply shut it down.  The remailer operator, therefore, is ABSOLUTELY in control of the behavior of his system:  He chooses to run it; he chooses the software; he chooses to keep records or to not keep records.  All these things are within his control. If that system forwards a piece of email, it does so only because the operator allowed it to.   Thus, from "the Rehnquist perspective," the anonymous remailer operator is ABSOLUTELY responsible for the abuse of his system.  You may disagree, of course, but you aren't the sleaze on the Supreme Court who is going to make the decision.  There is, therefore, no reason to believe that the Supreme Court will treat the anonymous encrypted remailer operator any BETTER than Mrs. Bennis, and in fact they will likely try to treat him worse.  How could you ever have believed otherwise?  Which, of course, is one of the prime reasons this section is in the bill.  You know it and I know it.  The Feds are running scared.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-12 02:53:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
Exactly!  I'm glad you noticed, and commented.  As  you've noticed, I keep getting faulty reasoning from people who SHOULD know better.  Analogies are extremely useful, but if they are poorly crafted, they do little more than show the limitations of their author.

@_date: 1996-03-12 04:26:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bell, Detweiler, Ravings, and Whatnot 
I think your criticism is unrealistic, at least by trying to suggest that I'm "ranting."  I'm responding to a number of claims (the most recent one was from Bill Stewart) that the wart in this bill won't be abused, or at least not seriously.  The people who make these claims frequently use wildly faulty reasoning; I challenge them and (I believe) support my position with accurate examples and commentary to prove my point.  Admittedly, if you were on the receiving end of my persistent efforts, you might feel unhappy, but that doesn't make my comments "rants."
I know nothing about Peterson's "personality" other than by his writing
style and content.  I find his commentary to be highly dishonest, because (as he fully admitted) he avoided  responding to the points that I had made, which had
accurately contradicted his original claims.  I'm not complaining that didn't quote me; it's that he ignored the issues I'd raised in challenge to his claims.  Further, he tried to disguise his failure by taking it off the
When these people stop acting like fools...   Look, Tim, if I'm right about the ambiguities and threats in the Leahy bill, then it's a serious danger to us all.  And that means that if an organization which is supposed to protect our interests soft-pedals the negatives, they are actually adding to the problem.  When I saw a number of organizations lap it up like a cat slurps milk, I began to wonder if they were really paying attention to the issues at all.
In addition, I've seen two separate comments (not on CP) by people who just about proudly claim that they "never" agree with me, but are actually quite pleased and are in agreement with my comments on this bill.  Maybe this should tell you that I have a point, on this issue if nowhere else.
In addition, "everybody" seems to agree that the positive parts of the bill are "positive," and most people can correctly identify the negative part.  The issue is basically, "how negative" it is.  A few days ago, all we saw was a few press releases by these organizations falling all over themselves to praise the bill, and having mild criticism for the bad part.  I was the person who raised the issue of the serious danger of this bill to remailers and ISP's, which I still believe to be an accurate and very serious criticism.
Contrary to the pessimistic opinions of some others, I believe that one of two situations are true:
1.  The bad part is "easy" to delete, and we should  and can do so.
2.  Somebody REALLY wants that bad part in there, in which case we should carefully investigate who it is, and why he wants it there.
Sounds like a deliberately faulty association, Tim.  I'm not responsible for Detweiler, and I think it's an unfair tactic to try to suggest that my comments are "similar."  The moment I start talking about "mutating my brain" or things like that, I will have earned that kind of criticism.  If you can show that my analysis is faulty with respect to the Leahy bill, you will have gone a long way to supporting your claims.  As of now, your disagreement is simply with my debating style, which is admittedly on the "hardball" side.
As for reading the archives, I'm never tried to do that, and I don't even know how (where) to get them.  If I felt I could learn something from it, I would, but you've already listed commentary by Detweiler which sounds
sufficiently wacky that it has to be far beyond anything I've said.  How relevant are HIS comments compared to anyone else you've ever disagreed with?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-12 09:33:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bell, Detweiler, Ravings, and Whatnot 
Well, it's a very apt invention.
Well, until about  3/4 of a year ago, I spent no time on Internet except through a FIDO gateway on Libernet and Libernet-d, so I missed all that.  I'm a bit ashamed to admit that I haven't read the vast majority of Cybernomicon, although somebody was nice enough to email me a section on the  subject of anonymous assassination markets.  I wondered why you hadn't extended the idea to a more general system, but then again that was a bit early if you talked about it in 1988.  Without the invention of digital cash, it's a bit hard to reward the assassin.
You might be surprised:  There is far more to this than I've described so far.  I go into as much detail as a person asks, but it turns out that there are many more apparent "problems" that I've already solved long ago which have never been anticipated by anyone else, "problems" that I've never publicized because by the time the idea was ready for publicity, they were not "problems" anymore.  This disappoints me, a little, because I'd hope that somebody (for example, a critic) would be a more effective discoverer of such problems/holes.
Well, maybe at times I do get a bit testy, but most recently on this Leahy bill I'm disgusted to see organizations that SHOULD be sounding the alarm actually express only mildly guarded support for that bill, "wart and all."  I'd love to see _most_ of the bill pass, but the one bad section is a real Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-12 13:18:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How would Leahy bill affect crypto over HAM radio? 
Even so, it isn't clear that this new law WON'T change the rules under which hams operate.  An affirmative statement of the right to use encryption would seem to pre-empt prior bans, except if there was some sort of explicit exception for over-the-air transmissions.  After all, the law was written broadly, and presumably is to be interpreted broadly.  It if doesn't list or single out any particular medium (text on paper; Internet; modem/telephone; etc) then it may reasonably be assumed to apply to all media.
Not that such an interpretation will necessarily be welcomed by some hams:  Part of the reason for maintaining the ban on encryption would be the fear by hams that ham bandwidth will be surreptiously used by commercial services masquerading as ham users.  Encryption would make such usage difficult to However, I happen to believe that hams should be entitled to use good encryption, for voice and data communication.
Jim Bell, N7IJS
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-12 13:44:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
Your example is so misleading that it's wrong.  Cities generally attack motels by threatening to pull their licenses, which is usually called an "administrative process" and thus few of the usual protections apply.
They do if they've been harassed by the city, for example Portland Oregon to name the closest example I know.
"Criminally", probably not.  Civilly, probably if the victim's family has a good enough lawyer.
Actually, then you're CRIMINALLY liable, as well.
Actually, that's wrong.  The question will be asked, "Do you regularly lend your phone to strangers who you can't even see, no questions asked, without listening in to see that nothing untoward is being plotted?"  _THAT's_ a more apt analogy.
If your phone was already tapped, and the delivery occurred in your house, you'd better look for new accomodations.
I prefer not to wait until the Pollyannas of this world have been proven wrong.
Justa sec:  The Leahy bill makes "encryption furtherance of a felony" illegal.  Sending encrypted packets out of the country, containing material you don't know (because they're encrypted) sounds like a classic opportunity to declare you in violation of some "conspiracy to violate the law" of some OTHER country, which is probably considered a Federal felony.
Welcome to prison, Tim.  Your optimism will serve you well, there.
BTW, it is clear that you haven't yet read Mr. Junger's analysis of the bill.  Nobody except a government stooge could read that and not wonder why anybody would support that bill.  A complete re-write is called for.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-12 14:40:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A lengthy preliminary analysis of the Leahy bill. 
[much scary but, sadly, probably accurate concerns deleted for space.]
Thank you, Mr. Junger, for your entire analysis, but particularly this comment on that atrocious section.   I'm repeating it, because I think it bears vast significance to the problems with this bill. The bill needs a complete rewrite.  The one thing that makes me hopeful is the fact that the people around here who seem to think that this bill must be accepted as written, with this section included, all claim that there is great opposition to it.  If that is true, then all I need to do is to convince people who nominally should be on "our" side that the bill is bad, as written.  Mr. Junger's careful, albeit prelimary analysis does that in spades.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-12 20:18:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Do you feel lucky, punk? 
You keep saying this kind of thing, repeatedly, but you don't back it up with a contrary argument.
Ah!  You simply didn't like me using that particular atrocious SC decision to suggest that we can't trust judges and courts in general!  "Flawed"?  In what way?  You keep making claims that you don't back up with facts.  You keep making assertions that I'm wrong, but you don't demonstrate the "correct" interpretation according to your opinion.  Why is this?
Let's suppose we agree that "George Will" is a "court commentator."  Suppose further that he, more or less, says "this decision sucks."  Because it DOES suck.  To any normal person, the knowledge that a educated, erudite, intelligent person who has published a newspaper and magazine column for years says "this decision sucks" (although he did it a lot less coarsely than I relate) should be of interest.  And most people of ordinary levels of intelligence can recognize that yes, the decision DOES suck.  And George Will, who has certainly NOT become successful as a commentator by boring the reader, understands that this decision is of interest to enough people to have it occupy one of his columns for a day.
Remember, one of the basic assumptions that any supporter of the Leahy bill could be making is that it will be interpreted INTELLIGENTLY by courts.  If it is obvious to most of the rest of us that those lunatics can't even make the correct decision about a woman's half-interest in a common automobile, then their ability to decide whether an anonymous encrypted remailer is somehow breaking the law merely by forwarding unidentified traffic is certainly in question.
The fact that you may not _like_ me bringing up a contemporaneous example where the SC stuck their collective heads firmly and completely up their respective asses is irrelevant.  If anything, it shows that you feel the law is and should be above the heads of the average individual, or even the UN-average, intelligent individual who regularly reads editorials in their local newspaper.
Such elitism is disgusting.
Unfortunately, the only thing that determines whether, in fact, something is a "legally viable argument" is the dishonesty and stupidity and connivance of the person or people making the resulting decision, in this case the Supreme Court. (Or didn't you know that?)  It is, given the current make-up on the Supreme Court today.  Sad but true.  Naturally, this reality embarrasses you.  Your Emperor isn't wearing any clothes.
But you already did.  You called my rhetoric "twisted."  "Twisted" implies that there is an "untwisted" version.  I await hearing it.  I'll probably be waiting a long time at the current rate you're getting to the point.
I say nothing you want to hear.  That's precisely why you consider it of no "Inflammatory language"?  The real "inflammatory language" occurs every time a court makes yet another outrageous decision such as the ones you are weakly attempting (and miserably failing) to defend.
I notice you don't provide an alternative competing interpretation, either of my conclusions or those of George Will.  So how are we to know what "twisted" is if  you can't clearly show something which is "untwisted"?
I chose my example to display the foolishness of the Supreme Court, as well as each and every one of the courts below it that did not properly dispose of that Bennis case.  You find this disturbing.  But it's applicable to ANY law that may someday rely upon a SC decision to overturn or uphold.  Anyone considering supporting the Leahy bill had better understand this.  Naturally, you want to cover it up.
I'd glad to see you distributing YOUR "negative reputation capital."  Why not do a better job for yourself and make it look like you are actually more familiar with the legal system than the rest of us are (which shouldn't be hard, if you have the credentials), and challenge us with an alternative explanation of the facts I (and George Will) describe?
In other words, stop just saying I'm wrong and start DEMONSTRATING it, if you can.  Convince us that you're not just an elitist snob and that we should actually have confidence that the scum on the Supreme Court will be gone soon and replaced with people who know how to make a correct decision reliably.  At that point, the Leahy bill (with substantial modifications) will start looking a lot better to all of us.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-13 01:15:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy Bill a Move to Slow Crypto Exports as Much as Possible 
You're exactly correct, here, Tim.  (I realize that you may not necessarily welcome an affirmation from me, but you are indeed right about your concerns.)  I've chosen to not focus on the export aspects; I'm glad to see you are ably raising them as problems.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 01:25:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cryptographers practicing law? 
While I don't really appreciate this guy's style and anonymity any more than you do, it's a misleading argument to try to challenge his position based on (presumably) his crypto expertise or lack of it.  I don't doubt Schneier's or Blaze's commanding position in that limited area, but when it comes to the analysis of a bill affecting crypto, knowledge of the technical details of crypto is far less important than knowing how a prosecutor or court will interpret any given law.  I'm an "expert" in neither field, but I knew enough to worry.  Further, after having read Junger's preliminary analysis, it is blatantly obvious that this bill doesn't constitute much of a step forward, and in fact is likely a retrenchment if the government has its way.  The "guarantees" the bill provides aren't really guarantees at all, they are "feel-good" conditional promises, and the whole thing is so shot full of holes that it's hard to imagine that it will provide any protection beyond what we have today.
As I noted in my original comment to VTW (Mr. Safdar, who hasn't taken the trouble to contradict, let alone respond to my comments) my biggest fear is that the organizations and people who originally came out in mistaken favor of this bill either won't see their mistake, or won't admit seeing it if they do.  (People are funny that way; they hesitate to admit it when they are clearly wrong; organizations are even worse on this score; tiny organizations are worse still, because they must "appear" to be externally consistent yet there are few "heads" to depend on to fix mistakes.) If anything, _MY_ mistake was in believing that the rest of the bill was acceptable if a single bad section was removed; I now believe (after seeing Junger's analysis, and a much more careful reading of the bill) that a serious re-write is mandatory. (In my own defense, I had only skimmed the rest of the bill once, I focussed my criticism on the one "killer" section that I could easily tell would be the most questionable item.)
This fiasco does, indeed, raise serious questions about the motivations and
credibility of those who have effectively endorsed this bill so soon:  It is doubtful whether we will get any accurate picture about the bill from anybody who is afraid of changing his original assessment.
I'd be just as willing to listen to "experts" quoted by the people who have (so far) expressed support for this bill.  Maybe, as he himself suggests, Junger is a bit too pessimistic. On the other hand, Junger has clearly raised many questions whose answers depend almost completely on the INTENT of people within the government, not the wording of the bill itself.  Since I believe their intent to be uniformly bad, it is hard to imagine how anyone could resurrect confidence in this bill to anyone who was similarly And the people who originally claimed that the Administration would oppose this bill as "going too far" cannot now turn around and claim that the government's intent was anything other than bad, BTW.  We now see how little good this bill might do, and how much trouble it might allow the Feds to cause, so it's hard to imagine why anyone would have believed the bill (if passed) would not have been signed.
I predict that the organizations that have, so far, "endorsed" this bill will quietly stop doing so, but without any kind of specific retraction or apology or explanation.  I also believe that they will refuse to reveal whatever legal advice they originally received that induced them to endorse it, because they probably had none.
At least Leahy's bill is DOA.  However, I think it would be interesting and useful to do a re-write of this bill, addressing all of Junger's concerns, mine as well, and Tim May's to boot.   I recommend that we totally ignore comments  such as those by Padgett Peterson which claimed that certain provision "must" be included for the bill to pass.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 01:25:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy and Mrs. Bemmis (now that's a subject line) 
Unfortunately, this is not the way CREATIVE prosecutors enforce laws.  _THEY_ try to be imaginative, "pushing the envelope" as it were, and expect the courts to stop them.  Sadly, those same courts often have ex-prosecutors as judges, people who aren't particularly inclined to dissuade the abuse of laws.  (exceptions exist, obviously.)
I've occasionally seen statements like this, but the people who make these claims never seem to back them up with reasoned commentary, let alone facts, which would help to establish that this particular section is a "must" to any particular supporter, certainly not a substantial number of supporters of this bill.  Even a quote or two from some political-type saying, "We need that section to pass this bill" would be better than nothing.   I'm not suggesting this is totally implausible; merely that it would be lunacy to _assume_ that the bill "needs" this clause to pass, without more evidence or even opinion expressed by key people.  It's almost as if you people have surrendered before the "fight" even has begun.  _NOW_ do you understand why I'm so astonished at your reaction to this bill?
Tim May would object to my use of the word, "Sheeple" here, but I think it fits absolutely.  Anybody who would allow himself to be spoon-fed this _entire_, unrepaired bill _IS_ a "sheeple."  Anyone who invents some requirement that this bad section be in place is WORSE.
Furthermore, if any people (for example, Senators and Representatives) actually are willing to publicly stand up and insist on that section, then I'd say that's a cue for us to ask them some very hard questions.  You seem to be unwilling to put them to their proof.  I recommend that you stop living DOWN to your reputation, Padgett.
Again, you do NOTHING to support this claim.  How do you KNOW this to be true?  And even with that knowledge, presuming you have it, why are you  apparently not planning to use it to our best advantage?  Why not try to "smoke out" some of the people who have conspired to include this section into the law?  I'll bet they're hoping nobody questions them on their Moreover, does this comment indicate that you've had conversations or seen information that indicates that the presence of this part of the bill is necessary to its passage?  And you're not TELLING US the details of that conversation or information?  Suggesting that you're happy to sell the rest of us out?   Hmmmmmm?  Or are you just jumping to a conclusion?  Padgett, the more you say the more you destroy your credibility.
Huh?!?  Who "require[s] laws"?????????   _I_ certainly don't "require" this section to be there, and so far I haven't seen anyone on CP who _personally_ would insist on the presence of this section to condition his support the entire bill.  Quite the opposite; most people express varying degrees of reservations about it.  that is to
The problem is, what is your definition of the words, "active participant"?  And will YOUR definition actually be the one included in the law?
I, on the other hand, see no reason to add crimes, since the implication above is that the person involved is ALREADY prosecutable in court.  Why all this "piling on"?
On the contrary, I believe it is absolutely certain that this clause will be used to prosecute people who are not otherwise prosecutable or convictable of any other crime.  It's curious that you don't see that.
I sure wish you were better at answering your own questions...
Playing into their hands yet again, I see!  Raising the price is merely a diluted form of banning, BTW.  So far, people implement remailers because running them is a comparatively minor cost, and they feel that there is a need for those services.  If there was some sort of de-facto rule that the operator had to charge for those services, this would complicate the use of anonymous remailers even more, deter their use even further, and achieve the government's ends just about as surely as a downright ban would do.
In fact, accepting a fee might actually INCREASE the liability of the operator, not reduce it, because the remailer operator would have a financial stake in the use of his remailer.  He could no longer argue that he did not "benefit" from the abuse (use) of that remailer.
Well, given the fact that these auto-rental companies do billions of dollars of business each year and are known and "loved" by one and all, you could not use the (supposed) fact that no such incident occurred as some sort of positive sign.   Any prosecutor is well aware that he may need a rental car some day, and angering a multi-billion dollar company is not something you do lightly.
OTOH, if you discover that EVEN THESE organizations are liable for the transgressions of their renters, either civilly or criminally, that should give you fair warning that anyone smaller (especially an individual running a remailer) and less able to defend himself is certainly going to be a target eventually.
Even a failed attempt to get a car rental company to be liable for something done by a renter is a sign that prosecutor was inclined to go after a big target, suggesting he wouldn't think twice before he tried to haul an individual into court.  Do you think a person would operate a remailer if he thought it was likely he'd get prosecuted and have to pay thousands of dollars in legal bills, even if he were eventually acquitted?  Remember, his legal bills won't be reimbursed by the government, though I believe they should be.
Too bad you can't see this, huh?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 06:14:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What about PGP? (was Re: Leahy Bill a Move to Slow Crypto Exports as Much as Possible) 
This is very debateable.  Generally, I've found that the government will always disappoint you, in the implementation of any legislation, "good" or "bad."  The "good" gets less good, the "bad" gets more bad.
I don't know about others, but _I_ haven't done that.  I've made some distinct criticisms that say NOTHING about the extent to which export controls are loosened.  (I leave that part of the issue alone because it is being addressed properly, unlike the matters I'm focussing on.)
BTW, it has been two days since my first comment to you, however, and you have
presumably seen a few more criticisms that I've heaped on a portion of the bill.  Your response (or lack of it) is particularly unexpected, because you ought to be interested in defending a  positive review of the bill.  Sticking your head in the sand isn't a good tactic at this point. "What's wrong with this picture"?  If this is "a pretty bold step," then my question is, who "on our side" did they consult before they wrote this law?  If, as you state, "we need to educate them..." then the implication is that this bill simply popped out without any apparent "ordinary-crypto-user/small-crypto writer-seller" input, right?  In that case, we should ask "how [arguably] did they get what we wanted as well as they did?"   On the other hand, if they DID get consultation from a number of "our" organizations, why didn't they fix the remaining problems?  Here's a totally unsupported hypothesis for your consideration:  I speculate that they DID get some input from "our" side, via some confidential arrangement, by some of those same organizations that were falling all over themselves to praise most of the bill.  In other words, those organizations were subtly co-opted, although not nearly completely of course.  However, those organizations then felt like they had a "hand into" the structuring of this bill, and you know how blind to faults a proud parent can be!
Am I getting close to the truth here, Mr. Safdar?  Tell me, Mr. Safdar, did you consult a lawyer before you endorsed this bill?  Please share with us whatever legal opinions you received which induced you to speak positively about this bill.
Then let's take the position that this law CAN be changed!  In fact, let's insist on it.
With that limited statement I totally agree.
And the "mouthful" contains enough poison to kill our freedoms.  Fortunately, the poison is easily identifiable, and is all in one spot, and should be removeable if we see it in time.
So why are these people trying to shove it down our throats?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 06:20:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill nightmare scenario? 
What's your definition of "calmly."  I'm as "calm" as you can imagine. I simply have not a shred of mercy in me for people who can't accept reality.
Fortunately for me, Tim, and unfortunately for you, a friend of mine visited me last night, an ex-cop who is now a cabbie (he left the force due to an accident, slipping on glare ice chasing a "perp", which caused an inoperable back injury).  Being a cabbie (in the same town he was a cop), and very familiar with the "drug" and "prostitute" sections of town, I asked him whether or not he was aware of a hotel or motel ever being siezed by the govt. for "tolerating" drugs and/or prostitution.
His reply was that as we speak, he knows exactly where a motel has been closed, locked up, and BARRICADED with _city_ signs and POLICE TAPE (you know the kind, "Police line:  Do not cross.").  We're not talking of a bankrupty, or a voluntary shutdown, either.  His understanding was that this was on the news a while back.  Would you like the name and address?  I didn't ask him for it, but I'm sure he'll be driving by it again within the next week or so.
I accept your anticipated apology, Tim.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 07:52:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How would Leahy bill affect crypto over HAM radio? 
Perhaps.  But I would hope that this bill would also contain protections for good-old-paper storage and communication (as admittedly useless as it may appear) and infrared and radio communication (such as satellite feeds, including uplinks, point-to-point microwave, IR links, PDA (personal digital assistant) links, cell phone connections, cordless phone connections, fiber LANs ("wire" and "fiber" might arguably be legally identical, but I wouldn't count on it) and various forms of electronic and magnetic and optical storage.
I think it's going to take a LOT of pestering.  I didn't see a single concern of Mr. Junger that sounded inappropriate, and there are a lot of protections that could be added to this bill if people like him had the opportunity.  A substantial load of stuff needs to be REMOVED, as well!  All that key-escrow crap, at least with regard to the escrow holder.  If key escrow is VOLUNTARY, then the key user and key holder can come to whatever VOLUNTARY agreement they'd care to.  The only "key escrow" material that needs to be put into law are unavoidable criminal penalties for GOVERNMENT AGENTS who induce people to violate their contracted obligations, and requirements that any key-user be informed immediately if his key escrow agent is approached on any matter related to his escrow agreement, especially if this approach is done by a government agent.
Hams have been allocated a lot of (now!) very valuable spectrum space.  The orginal arguments for that were probably:
1.  It's there and we're not using it.  (not so true anymore!)
2.  Hams drive technology (although admittedly that it's really so true anymore, either.)
3.  Hams provide valuable community services, for example in case of emergencies.  (still true)
But what law giveth, law can also taketh away.  A few years ago, a 2-MHz portion of the 220-225 MHz ham ban (220-222 MHz) was taken away and given to UPS, yes, UNITED PARCEL SERVICE.  Ostensibly, the reason was that hams weren't using it adequately, a claim which might or might not have been true.
Hams "police" themselves and their spectrum space fairly well, because abuse (or merely lack of use!) may lead to the loss of the space.
Jim Bell, N7IJS
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 10:13:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How would Leahy bill affect crypto over HAM radio? 
Well, okay, but we've really got to define whose key is being escrowed, anyway.  Most corporations will probably handle it themselves, OR they will only give an ENCRYPTED escrowed key to the escrow agent.  This would prevent the escrow agent from disclosing the key without authorization.  Naturally, this raises the question, "who will escrow the key to the escrow," but then again, I think most individual citizens wouldn't trust anyone else with their key anyway.  I think that where it is unnecessary to keep a key, such as a crypto telephone, no such key should be kept, certainly not "permanently."  A crypto phone could simply generate a new public key for each phone call, verified with a permanent key to foil MITM attacks (but the permanent key won't be used to transmit actual voice data) and the temporary public key erased and replaced after the call ends.  Siezing the telephone would be useless because it would contain no information that would help resurrect the phone call data.
Hey, I'm working on it!  I assume you've read my essay...
I look with a little disappointement on packet radio.  I tried it once, but at 1200 bps (simplex, and the "real" data transfer rate is far lower than even this number would imply) it simply isn't a practical method of transmitting large quantities of data.  Even the more modern 9600 bps packet modems are probably not a lot better.  Microwave links can handle far more, but few people are in the right spot for such a link.  The main hope, I think, is satellite-based Internet service, perhaps included in something like that DSS service.  It could easily handle far more than the current volume for USENET, for example.  That's not ham-level territory, however.  Few hams do microwave, even fewer do anything other than straight FM or AM.  The only microwave thing I've done is build a homebrew 36 GHz Gunn oscillator module, which raises a few eyebrows even among seasoned microwave hams, because not only isn't 36 GHz a ham band (It's Ka band radar, the kind they use for photo radar) few microwave hams dare go above K band (24.125 Ghz) and most stay at X-band.  (10-10.5 GHz).
I wish I knew!  "Fortunately" (though some hams would disagree) the FCC implemented a Morse-code-less license a few years back, which I hope will bring much larger numbers of hams into the hobby, and I think already has had a serious effect. (I became a ham in 1986, more than a decade after I had all the electronics skills to pass the "technical" section, delayed simply because I didn't appreciate being forced to use an archaic method to transmit data.  I finally developed enough ham friends that I felt a bit left out, so I spent a couple of weeks learning Morse.  I never use it.)
This should have substantially increased the number of hams and their political clout, which should keep the current spectrum allocations secure for a while.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 11:52:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Do you feel lucky, punk? 
[from Cypherpunks]
Those of you who are confident that the Leahy bill won't be interpreted to punish innocent people (for example, operators of encrypted anonymous remailers) who are not directly engaged in criminal activity should read the following article, that appeared as the George Will column March 10, in my local paper.  Maybe it will give you a healthy dose of REALITY (remember reality, fellows?):
"Taking Property from innocents doesn't fit conservative ideals"  by George F. Will.
In 1827, in a case concerning the forfeiture of a Spanish ship used for piracy, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the owner could lose his ship even if he was not even aware of the use of the ship for piracy:  "the thing is here primarily considered as the offender, or rather the offense is attached primarily to the thing."
That, and a long line of cases in that vein, is why the court last week said Tina Bennis has no right to compensation for her half-interest in the car she co-owned with her husband John and which was forfeited after he was convicted in Detroit of engaging in sexual activity with a prostitute in the The court was divided 5-4 in rejecting Mrs. Bennis' contention that the forfeiture violated her 14th amendment right to due process and her Fifth Amendment right not to have property take without just conpensation.  Justice John Paul Stevens, joined in dissent by David H. Souter and Stephen Breyer (anthony M. Kennedy dissented separately), condemned the "blatant unfairness" of punishing an innocent person.  And Justice Clarence Thomas, although concurring separately in the opinion written by Chief Justice WIlliam H. Rehnquist and joined by Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Thomas, said that what was done to Mrs. Bennis by Michigan law was "intensely undesireable."
Because many governments are increasingly agressive in their use of forfeiture as punishment for prostitution, drug, and other offenses, this decision, although supported by the most conservative justices, should trouble conservatives: it involves conflicts between three things they value- deference to states' legislative judgments, fidelity to precedent and respect for property rights.
Bennis made his mistake in 1988 in an 11-year old Pontiac he and his wife had recently purchased for $600.  The trial court judge had discretion to order payment of half the sale proceeds to "the innocent co-titleholder," but commented that "there's practically nothing left" after deduction of police, prosecutorial, and court costs."
Ginsburg noted that the question at issue was not whether compensating Mrs. Bennis would have been fair but whether compensation was a constitutional right.  And Ginsburg's concurring opinion suggests that she would have affirmed such a right had not the car belonged as much to Mr. Bennis as to Mrs. Bennis.
Although Mrs. Bennis neither consented to nor knew of the misuse of the car, Rehnquist cited the court's language in a 1926 case, that it is common "for the law to visit upon the owner of property the unpleasant consequences of the unauthorized action of one to whom he has entrusted it."  That practice, the court had said five years earlier, is "too firmly fixed in the punitive and remedial jurisprudence of the country to be now displaced."
Certainly the court should not casually unsettle what it has firmly fixed.  Nor should the court relieve Congress of its role in correcting dubious legal practices.  the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Rep. Henry Hyde of Illinois, has drafted the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act that would, among other things, strengthen protection of innocent property owners.
Still, sometimes the court has had to say, in effect, "Well, come to think about it... ."  It took four years of carnage and then the 13th amendment to correct what the court did in 1857 in Dred Scott vs. Sanford.  But in other cases the court has tidied up after itself.
In 1896 in Plessy vs. Ferguson, the court held that "separate but equal" public facilities segregated by race were compatible with the 14th Amendment's guarantee of equal protection of the laws.  Later, the court conducted a protracted retreat from that position. In 1905 in Lockner vs. New York, as in similar cases, the court held that a New York law limiting bakers to a 10-hour workday violatedd teh DUe Process clause.  By 1963, Justice Hugo Black could assert that the Lochner doctrint of "substantive due process," that the court can overturn laws it considers unwise, "has long since been discarded."  (Actually, it has long since been smuggled into liberal jurisprudence to support a different social policy In his obviously uneasy confurring opinion in the court's decision about Mrs. Bennis' car, Thomas says the case "is ultimately a reminder that the Federal Constitution does not prohibit everything that is intensely Quite so.  So it is time for the political branches of state governments and the federal government to act on the clear signals from Thomas and others concerning the need to protect innocent persons who cannot reasonably be considered culpably negligent concerning the misuse of their property.
[end of article]
To those suckers who say that they genuinely believe that the operator of an anonymous encrypted remailer will not be subject to criminal or civil penalties for what ends up being the misuse of their system, I would like to re-state a quote from the article above:
"Although Mrs. Bennis neither consented to nor knew of the misuse of the car, Rehnquist cited the court's language in a 1926 case, that it is common "for the law to visit upon the owner of property the unpleasant consequences of the unauthorized action of one to whom he has entrusted it."  That practice, the court had said five years earlier, is "too firmly fixed in the punitive and remedial jurisprudence of the country to be now displaced."  "
Does this sound familiar?  Doesn't it hit just a bit too close to home?  I argue that a person who runs an anonymous encrypted remailer could be clearly claimed to be  "entrusting" that "property" to someone else, under the meaning of the above paragraph.  At least, that is the position the prosecutors could surely take, especially given this Supreme Court decision.
In fact, I would argue that a remailer operator will actually be considered MORE responsible, legally, than Mrs. Bennis:  The abuser of _her_ property, Mr. Bennis, was in fact the co-owner of that property, and it is doubtful that Mrs. Bennis COULD have denied to Mr. Bennis, practically or legally,  the opportunity to abuse that property.  On the other hand, the operator of an anonymous encrypted remailer is, in effect, "giving out the keys" to that remailer (giving authorization to use it) to anyone at any time, with no checking or other specific authorization, to people who have no legal ownership in that remailer.   In fact, the system is (at least arguably) helping to cover up after those abuses.  If those self-selected people commit crimes using it, who else is responsible?
Question:  If the Supreme Court is willing to take away Mrs. Bennis' interest in that car under THOSE circumstances, do you really believe that it WOULD REFUSE to allow a prosecutor to decide that the operator of an abused remailer should be prosecuted (or his property taken by government in a forfeiture action)?
Frankly, I don't know how rude I must be before reality sinks in to your brains:  If you people continue to insist that this Leahy bill won't be abused, you truly do need to wake up before you end up screwing the rest of us "out here."  Your foolish endorsements of this Leahy bill play directly into the hands of those who want to ban the EFFECTIVE use of encryption.
Go ahead, endorse the bill CONDITIONALLY on the removal of that offending section.  But you should make it quite clear that keeping that section should kill the entire bill.  You have been warned.
Is it any coincidence that we first heard about this Leahy bill much less than a week after the decision that Mr. Will speaks of?  Is it possible Leahy was waiting to see if the SC would allow him to misuse the wording of that proposed law?  Having gotten the go-ahead, out pops the new bill.  As if on cue.
"Do you feel lucky?  Well, do you, PUNK?"
If there are any of you who have doubts as to the need for the "Assassination Politics" idea, I'd say this S.C. decision should clear them up but fast.  Anybody out there believe that the decision would have gone this way if we'd all been able to chip in and fix the problem in a few days?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
p.s. especially to Tim May:  If the issue wasn't so serious, and their blind support of this bill so obviously misguided, I wouldn't be rhetorically "slapping them in the face" as I'm trying to do here.  Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-13 12:20:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How's that again? 
You're confused.  You're describe YOUR reaction to ME, not MY reaction to YOU.  And I am unaware of being invited to a "party," and now that I've discovered what a sleazy person Alan Olsen and his merry band are, it is really doubtful that I would have enjoyed what was advertised as a cypherpunks meeting, but which you now claim was a "party."  Your level of "honesty" is showing.

@_date: 1996-03-13 16:12:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Do you feel lucky, punk? 
Just what George Will said about this recent Bennis SC decision.
Ditto, and I notice you give no specific examples.  Why is that?
Again, you give no specific examples.  And what is "twisted rhetoric", at least as you've used it here?
I didn't use either term.  Neither did George Will.
Maybe you read that item too rapidly to notice that most of it was George Will's column, not my wording.  BTW, I get particularly suspicious when people "respond" to my posts and quote NOTHING that I have said.  This seems to be a pattern:  The person clearly disagrees with my position in general, but can't cite specifics and in fact studiously avoids them.  Padgett Peterson is an expert at this, it appears you're trying to emulate him. What, then, was the point of sending me the note, as well as wasting bandwidth on CP to share your unhappiness?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-13 20:09:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How's that again? 
including the running tit-for-tat between Jim Bell and (most of) the rest of the list.
I think this is an exaggeration...  I"ve been told that this list goes to over a thousand addresses.  Weighted only among those who choose to post (a self-selected group, obviously), I do raise some heat, but it isn't clear that "most" or even a large minority of the list disagree with my conclusions.  I'm not assuming they agree, but you seem to be assuming they ramifications, I've found that his >apparent in-your-face-and-wha'cha-gonna-do-about-it-PUNK attitude makes reading his postings very tedious.
In the last few days, I'm basically ignoring AP, and am fighting a fire that some people around here think is just fine.  You might note that the same people who have been most critical of my stance on the Leahy bill are the same ones who vigorously opposed AP, suggesting that their motives are  questionable and certainly a bit "predictable."  As I've mentioned before, and as a contrary example, I've seen (on other lists/echoes) at least two separate instances where people who (proudly?) claim they "always" oppose everything I say, say that my stance on the Leahy bill is quite accurate. _THOSE_ people are at least honest enough to not (always) oppose a position simply because "Jim Bell" supports it, or vice versa.
those that maintain a civil tone, it would finally sink in with him that his Terrible Two's antics aren't appreciated.
There's is a better tactic you could take.  If somebody says something to me, or for that matter to the entire list, that you consider foolish and unsupported or elitist or  just plain wrong, rather than expect _me_ to wipe the floor with him, _you_ criticize in a far more tactful manner.  Frankly, I get tired of doing the heavy lifting for all the slackers out there who are seemingly content to just sit back and watch the fray.  Normally, there's nothing wrong with just READING, per se, but when people like you make statements like:
including the running tit-for-tat between Jim Bell and (most of) the rest of the list.
...there is at least the (false) implication that the dispute is between me and "the silent majority", a term pioneered by Richard Nixon, in case you either don't recall or weren't around when it happened.  You (and he) were falsely suggesting that anybody out there who doesn't say a thing MUST be on your side.
book, or
I'd hate to see him turned into LD-2 (Son of LD? :-) because he doesn't seem to have learned Tact and Manners yet.
You will notice, I assume, that I have been and can be tactful to most people; where exceptions exist, they are typically among anonymous posters (such as this "Black Unicorn") who has now admitted he's an elitist legal snob and doesn't want anybody who hasn't spent a few years in law ("mental reform") school to pass judgment on the judges, no matter how outrageous their actions become.
Oh, yes, and I can't forget Padgett Peterson, who has raised spinelessness to a new art form.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-14 07:17:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why escrow? (was Re: How would Leahy bill affect crypto over HAM 
Notice, however, how the government seems to be assuming that "key escrow" (to the extent that it is implemented at all!) gets implemented in a way which is "friendly" to government agents.  They assume that there is one key that is available at one location, one that is well-marked and identified, unencrypted, and is available for pickup 24 hours per day assuming they present the proper credentials or court order.
Even the most limited planning could easily develop a system that achieves all the benefits of escrow for the user, but is essentially impossible for government agents (or for that matter, anyone else!) to use to the detriment of the user.

@_date: 1996-03-14 09:21:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How's that again? 
Well said.  If more people lambasted this "Black Unicorn" fellow for his legal-elitist ways, he'd actually be forced to either shut up or use reasoned argument to support his odd position.
Laws, as I understand it, used to be written so that ordinary people could understand them.  That's the way it ought to be today, but isn't, precisely because the elitists have had their way for so long.  There used to be a saying, "Ignorance of the law is no excuse."  The presumption was that you had a responsibility to know what the law said, and that most people could understand what it said, and if you didn't take the time to know it you were guilty despite this.  Today, that saying is laughably out of date:  When people like "Black Unicorn" claim that ordinary people haven't the skills to evaluate any law or proposed law, it is obvious that he and his ilk is a major portion of the problem. The system is sick, perhaps irretrievably so.  Dr. Strangelove (in the movie of the same name) stated that "deterrence is the art of making the enemy FEAR to attack."  I think the main problem (and the most direct solution) to the "politician-problem" in this country is to make government agents FEAR to do the wrong thing.
It's going to take a lot more than gunpowder to solve this problem.  Although that would be a good start...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-14 20:23:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why escrow? (was Re: How would Leahy bill affect crypto 
As long as they claim that escrowing keys is "voluntary" in the first place, then I find it hard to imagine that they would have a legal claim against you if the key you "escrowed" was phony.  OTOH, if one potentially-valid interpretation of the law is that failing to give the keys when you're asked is a crime, presumably even if you never had them in the first place, then all bets are off.  IMO, a properly-designed crypto telephone keeps nothing with it that would later be useable to decrypt the conversations it has transmitted or received; one danger in this bill is that its very existence might make the manufacture of crypto phones with this characteristic illegal, on the theory that because they keep no keys, the user is going to be in violation of this law automatically.  It's a stretch, but a stretch the government is always anxious to make.
And if you recall the requirements the government wanted to put on telephones equipped with Clipper, one thing they eventually admitted was that they were insisting that such phones be designed to be inoperable with a telephone that had its "key-escrow" not "enabled".  And they still wanted to call it "voluntary!  That's a laugh!
That's the real danger with any such legislation.  Individuals can generally only get things that are manufactured for sale.  (You can't buy a car with a 7-cylinder engine, for instance...)  If manufacturers are dissuaded from building a good crypto telephone, then key-escrow can be as "voluntary" as you want and you still won't be able to exercise your rights. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-14 21:16:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why escrow? (was Re: How would Leahy bill affect crypto 
You can check out any time you want, but you can never leave.

@_date: 1996-03-14 21:21:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RICO and remailers (brief treatment, if long) 
"Relied on"?  Hell no!  Not when I get the following text, from an anonymous source.  Begin quotation:
So he wants a cite of Supreme Court decisions from you bearing on  legislative history & congressional intent, does he?
I've attatched the relevant syllabus  which is from the  Supreme Court reporter & carries no legal weight, along with the  UNANIMOUS decision in Neal written by Kennedy. It's an acid case, the  Supreme court having ruled a long time ago in Chapmann that the ENTIRE  weight of of LSD AND blotter paper, which usually contains 100mcg or  0.1mg of actual LSD-25 per dose, vs. the enormous weight of the paper.  This entire weight of basically all paper has been used to give 21 year  old 1st offenders 10 YEARS, which under current Federal Rules works out  to about 8.5 years FLAT time in the joint.  The original  absurdity was challenged in Chapman but the SC blindly stuck to it's  own reading of "mixture or substance", blindly ignoring reality &  Congressional intent that "cuts" of drugs such as heroin or cocaine  being an attempt to increase the amount sold & therefore profit, should  be punished, while the LSD paper was merely a way to transport &  distribute it. As far as congressional intent goes, Joseph Biden has  said that as chairman of the senate judiciary committee, they gave  little thought to LSD but they definitely did NOT mean weigh the whole  blotter paper in handing out nickels & dimes. Now the US Sentencing  Commission has changed the guidelines by changing the way the dosage is  calculated to something reasonable, the SC refuses to make the change  retroactive to help a lot of people. Note where Kennedy basically says  that if Congress passees laws that are poorly worded & subject to  create great unfairness in sentences, the SC, once they've made a  stupid decision in interpretation will stick to it no matter how unfair  it is in order to make congress write laws that are linguistically  intelligible. This would be fine if those on the sharp end of them were  congressmen. The more Supreme Cocksucker decisions I read like this,  the better BOTH your big ideas sound.
This & all recent other decisions of the 9 in-Justices are available at  the below address. NOTE: Where it is feasible, a syllabus (headnote) will be released, as is
being done in connection with this case, at the time the opinion is issued. The syllabus constitutes no part of the opinion of the Court but has been
prepared by the Reporter of Decisions for the convenience of the reader. See United States v. Detroit Lumber Co., 200 U. S. 321, 337.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
NEAL v. UNITED STATES
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for the seventh circuit
No. 94-9088.   Argued December 4, 1995-Decided January 22, 1996
When the District Court first sentenced petitioner Neal on two plea-
 bargained convictions involving possession of LSD with intent to
 distribute, the amount of LSD sold by a drug trafficker was deter-
 mined, under both the federal statute directing minimum sentences
 and the United States Sentencing Commission's Guidelines Manual,
 by the whole weight of the blotter paper or other carrier medium
 containing the drug.  Because the combined weight of the blotter
 paper and LSD actually sold by Neal was 109.51 grams, the court
 ruled, among other things, that he was subject to 21 U. S. C.
 841(b)(1)(A)(v), which imposes a 10-year mandatory minimum sen-
 tence on anyone convicted of trafficking in more than 10 grams of
 ``a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount'' of LSD.  After the Commission revised the Guidelines' calculation method by
 instructing courts to give each dose of LSD on a carrier medium a
 constructive or presumed weight, Neal filed a motion to modify his
 sentence, contending that the weight of the LSD attributable to him
 under the amended Guidelines was only 4.58 grams, well short of
 841(b)(1)(A)(v)'s 10-gram requirement, and that the Guidelines'
 presumptive-weight method controlled the mandatory minimum
 calculation.  The District Court followed Chapman v. United States,
 500 U. S. 453, 468, in holding, inter alia, that the actual weight of
 the blotter paper, with its absorbed LSD, was determinative of
 whether Neal crossed the 10-gram threshold and that the 10-year
 mandatory minimum sentence still applied to him notwithstanding
 the Guidelines.  In affirming, the en banc Seventh Circuit agreed
 with the District Court that a dual system now prevails in calculat-
 ing LSD weights in cases like this.
Held:  Section 841(b)(1) directs a sentencing court to take into account
 the actual weight of the blotter paper with its absorbed LSD, even
 though the Sentencing Guidelines require a different method of
 calculating the weight of an LSD mixture or substance.  The Court
 rejects petitioner's contentions that the revised Guidelines are
 entitled to deference as a construction of 841(b)(1) and that those
 Guidelines require reconsideration of the method used to determine
 statutory minimum sentences.  While the Commission's expertise
 and the Guidelines' design may be of potential weight and relevance
 in other contexts, the Commission's choice of an alternative method-
 ology for weighing LSD does not alter Chapman's interpretation of
 the statute.  In any event, stare decisis requires that the Court
 adhere to Chapman in the absence of intervening statutory changes
 casting doubt on the case's interpretation.  It is doubtful that the
 Commission intended the Guidelines to displace Chapman's actual-
 weight method for statutory minimum sentences, since the Commis-
 sion's authoritative Guidelines commentary indicates that the new
 method is not an interpretation of the statute, but an independent
 calculation, and suggests that the statute controls if it conflicts with
 the Guidelines.  Moreover, the Commission's dose-based method
 cannot be squared with Chapman.  In these circumstances, this
 Court need not decide what, if any, deference is owed the Commis-
 sion in order to reject its contrary interpretation.  Once the Court
 has determined a statute's meaning, it adheres to its ruling under
 stare decisis and assesses an agency's later interpretation of the
 statute against that settled law.  It is the responsibility of Congress,
 not this Court, to change statutes that are thought to be unwise or
 unfair.  Pp. 4-12. 46 F. 3d 1405, affirmed.
 Kennedy, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.
end of anonymous quotation.  JB.
My commentary continues below: JB.
Note the sentence above,
"It is the responsibility of Congress, not this Court, to change statutes that are thought to be unwise or unfair."  As far as I am aware, there is no _legal_ mechanism, short of impeachment (but how practical is that?), to remove a sitting SC justice, no matter how damaging his effect on the country by his decisions.  Thus, I propose re-writing the above sentence a bit:
"It is the responsibility of the citizenry, not Congress, to 'change' Supreme Court Justices that are thought to be unwise or unfair."
Since that change can be accomplished if that 'Justice' dies or becomes disabled, (or retires, perhaps because he's in fear for his life) I think the answer to boneheaded decisions like the Bennis one is obvious.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-15 11:33:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Beat Remote Monitor Snooping? 
However, that's not how SVGA CRT's do it.  NTSC (TV video) modulation is done by phase modulation of the 3.579545 MHz subcarrier.  SVGA has three different baseband analog signals feeding three electron beams.  Even so, they still should be able to pick up SVGA with a little tinkering.
Ed Armstrong

@_date: 1996-03-15 12:10:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: LACC: PC Phones Home? 
I think that 1-800 services provide caller ID information to the company or organization that pays for the service.  Whether or not this is blocked by standard caller-ID I don't know.   Nevertheless, like you, I am not impressed with the likelihood of success of this system.
One thing that might be useful would be a OTP (one-time programmable) EPROM chip installed on all major system components (monitor, HD, motherboard, CDROM drive, maybe even DRAM SIMMs).  It would be a serial device for low cost, such as a 3-pin TO-92 chip, which would have a capacity of about 4k bits, enough to store a hash of the owner-history (at about 100 bits per owner) for any owner that decided to leave a record. Like an EPROM, bits could only be written once; the chip itself would prevent write-overs previous to the last-written bit. Subsequent owners could read the history and publish the hash codes; anyone looking for such a stolen product could have their losses checked automatically, and perhaps semi-anonymously or anonymously, by a service set up to do this.  Innocent owners could be adequately compensated for finding a piece of stolen hardware, to the extent that nobody is deterred about reporting a find.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-15 13:56:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why escrow? (was Re: How would Leahy bill affect crypto 
Well, it's not surprising, of course, but it DOES seem to be making these assumptions.  I wonder what they're gonna do when they start discovering that "all" voluntary escrow system in place have protections far beyond what they've anticipated?  That's why I'm more than a little disturbed about the one really bad portion of the Leahy bill:  The one that makes using encryption to thwart an investigation a crime.  As Mr. Junger observed, and as should be obvious to most of the rest of us, such a section of the bill could turn a key-escrow holder into a criminal if he fails to disclose an encryption system that protects a key, or (worse!) even if he structures his business in such a way as to avoid having the decrypt key for the escrowed key at all.  Previously, legally, he could probably have claimed innocence because he had no decrypt-key to disclose, but Leahy's bill would make him guilty even if there was nothing he could do to give them a key.  If I were trying to detect government investigation in such a situation, I would buy a crypto phone, open an "escrow account" on a totally voluntary basis, give them a phony key, and then (as part of the (presumably?) enforceable escrow agreement) insist that they inform me if anybody asks for the key.  There is nothing in Leahy's bill which appears to prohibit the escrow agent from informing the key holder of a request/demand for the key; (I would greatly prefer if that was an actual legal requirement that they do inform the key user.)  The question is, is this merely an oversight on their part, or are they planning something, or are they assuming an existing law would cover his?  The answer doesn't look good.
Jim Bell
jim bell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-16 19:37:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why escrow? (was Re: How would Leahy bill affect crypto 
Ooops! You're right, it's much worse than I thought...
This bill is truly a pile of crap.

@_date: 1996-03-17 01:26:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill, legalize crypto 
I think your analysis is absolutely correct.  Despite the fact that fiber bandwidth has none of the limitations  of "over the air" communications, the government will try to regulate it as if it were.  The underlying danger of the CDA, in addition to regulating CONTENT, is that the government is setting up precedents to regulate the communications AT ALL, which is dangerous to us.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-17 01:27:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why escrow? (was Re: How would Leahy bill affect crypto 
It _should_ be legal.  At least, assuming the arrangement is truly voluntary and the escrow agent gets his part of the bargain (his usual fee) he has no interest in knowing whether or not the data he's holding for you is "real" or "imaginary."  The problem is, the government could easily start trying to control and limit the "voluntariness" of this arrangement, as I've now just been told they intend to do:  Yes, the bill specifically wants the key escrow agent to NOT tell the key holder if his key has been compromised.  In my opinion, this totally destroys the illusion that this agreement is "voluntary," and makes me question any other "feel-good" component of this bill.
It is sections of the bill like that which will guarantee that nobody provides an unencrypted key for escrow:  Nobody will want to risk having the escrow agent "forced" to release the key, even (and especially!) under a court order.  Fortunately, modern technology will provide the solution to government-simpleton thinking.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Klaatu Burada Nikto

@_date: 1996-03-17 17:15:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Beat Remote Monitor Snooping? 
If that's not correct, what is?  And it's been years since I read NTSC; I don't even know if I now have ready access to the information.  Merely saying that it's wrong isn't particularly informative, especially if you choose to copy it to the list.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-18 00:57:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: InfoWarCon V 1996: Call For Papers 
I'm wondering if I should bother re-writing my "Assassination Politics" essay into the form of a paper and submitting it to these people.  While it might nominally be considered right down their alley, from a subject standpoint, even a cursory look at the location (Washington, DC) and the invited people (large companies and military) suggest that my ideas would be just about as welcome as a yarmulke at a Nazi Party convention.
I'm not aware of the agenda (hidden or otherwise) of the sponsors, so I don't know whether I should even bother.  Many people aren't particularly appreciative of being "one-upped" (not to mention made obsolete) so it's not clear that they'd give me the time of day.  Any ideas as to their receptiveness?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-18 01:56:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: InfoWarCon V 1996: Call For Papers 
I will NOT SUBMIT!   NEVER!   Oh, you meant my essay?  Sorry!  Here it is, parts 1-6.  Parts 7-8, and 9-10 in the next message:
Assassination Politics
by Jim Bell, jimbell at pacifier.com
Part 1
[rest deleted for CP]

@_date: 1996-03-19 23:49:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: InfoWarCon V 1996: Call For Papers 
Well, I've forwarded the essay as is.  If they really insist, I'd cut it down to a 1-2 page summary, but I suspect that if it catches their attention they won't mind reading the extra material.  You're probably right, but some of the more perceptive ones may shit bricks when they discover what the stakes really are.  The REALLY perceptive ones will know that it doesn't make any difference, whether or not they like the idea or me, it's on the way.
It's not that I'm trying to "one up" them; it might happen automatically.  Let me give you a real-life example:  I first published the essay on FIDOnet, as well as list called "Digitaliberty," run by Bill Frezza.  Frezza's list paradigm was to develop a way to enable the net to stay free in an unfree world; my idea had the prospect of not only making/keeping the net free, but also dragging the rest of the world into freedom whether it liked it or not.  (As well as eliminating war, governments, and a few other minor details.)   A few weeks after I started publicizing AP, the list went down for a few days and when it eventually returned, I was not among the subscribers and Frezza studiously ignored my inquiries.
As you can well imagine, Frezza's original idea was good, it was merely too limited and was overtaken by progress.  It would have been easier for him if he had opposed the fundamental concept of net freedom, or believed my position to be impractical or technically flawed.  As it was, there was nothing he could do.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-20 18:23:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning attacks Leahy's crypto bill 
That position would be a serious mistake.  Denning knows that she is a negative barometer:  Her position will be looked on with contempt by most of us.  That, ironically, makes her "useful" to the government should they want to sneak one past us.  I think we've already established that this bill sucks, although it could become good with major repairs.  Problem is, nothing that Denning wants to do to the bill constitutes an improvement, except not passing it in the first place!
"Far easier"?  That's an odd statement, because the export of encryption is easy with or without restrictive laws.  How much trouble is a "criminal or terrorist" going to risk by violating a few measly export laws?  Besides, Denning hasn't established that encryption will be any better inside the country than without; this means that export controls will have no effect even in the most optimistic scenario.
Since when is this news?  Freedom costs.  But it also pays.
Of what significance is the "practised position of our multinational corporations"?  They'd sell us out if it preserved THEIR rights.  I'm more concerned with the rights of the individual.
Notice that we've already established that this bill in no way produces an "unrestriction distribution of encryption technology."  Wish it did, but it [much Denning-crap deleted]
That's odd.  Most people around here seem to be of the opposite opinion:  CAPI's seem to be used by the government to justify controls even on software that has no encryption capability.
  Even security-specific
Notice that she seems to be making policy for the government, yet again.
It's only emotional because of malicious and counter-productive efforts by government, and government suck-ups like Denning.
 It is
Excellent!  It means they're being held back!
[more Denning-shit deleted]
I refuse to be used by Denning.  If we make the mistake of supporting this bill merely because she claims to oppose it, we would merely be falling into her (and the government's) trap.

@_date: 1996-03-21 23:43:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
For the record, I couldn't tell whether you were serious or not. (most other people seem to have assumed that you were serious...)   Nevertheless, I replied, because I was afraid there were other people who were anxious to not take good advice merely because they didn't like the source.  If anything, I would say the other notes you received make it clear that my concern was justified.
True.  But it was apparently received without negative comment by a number of people who would also have "proudly" put their name on this nameless character's "list of shame."
For one, I don't really appreciate the pillorying of some of the names on that list, either, but there are a number of facts which bother me about this whole Leahy bill incident:
1.  The bill seems to be without fingerprints on it.  Nobody (other than Leahy, of course) has claimed that he had input into it.  Denning's recent comment at least implies that either she had no input, or was strongly dissatisfied at the eventual bill. (Despite this, there are plenty of "legitimate needs of law enforcement" clauses in that bill, and it is not conceivable that she wouldn't have been consulted if the author of the bill had any sympathy for the anti-encryption side.)  Likewise, nobody on "our side" has made the fact of their input known, whether or not that input did any good. The question, therefore, is "Who knew what and when?"  Who was consulted?  What were their objections?  What objections weren't satisfied?  Since the bill at least superficially addresses some of our concerns, SOMEBODY must have told Leahy what we want.  2.  I haven't seen any analysis of this bill other than Peter Junger's, even and especially from some people and organizations that originally came out in favor of it.  If anything, those people would be expected to be defending their positions, but they've not backed up that early support with anything close to a believable position.  (Most are silent.)   The implication is that they had no such early analysis done, and came out in favor of the bill anyway.  Worse, they aren't correcting their position based on the more detailed study that has been done subsequently. 3.  Because she's a negative barometer,  Denning knows that a positive review by her would be as close as she could do to give the "kiss of death" to this bill.  Her putative opposition is, therefore, far more interesting to us.  If anything, it gives us a marvelous opportunity to ensure the death of a bad bill.
I'm waiting for somebody to explain to me why we can't simply re-write the Leahy bill, take out all the bad parts and put a number of new protections in, and send it back to Leahy and condition our support on that edited bill.  If Leahy really thinks he's doing a favor for the pro-encryption people, he'll support the corrected bill wholeheartedly.  If, on the other hand, it's all just a fraud, there's no hope, and in that case it's better than no bill be passed than one that contains a few booby-traps that will explode shortly after the bill is passed. As far as I can see, time is on our side.  Industry will continue to insist on free export of encryption, and there will be few in Congress to oppose it.  We already have the 1st amendment which SHOULD defend encryption, unless that protection is implicitly weakened by allowing a precent for the control of encryption.  In other words, we're going to win in a year or so regardless of this Leahy bill, so we can afford to be hard-nosed with our support or lack of it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-23 04:20:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Dorothy Denning attacks Leahy's crypto bill 
I disagree, strongly.  "Export controls" are worthless against the major characters they CLAIM they are intended to be directed at:  "Terrorists, drug dealers, pornographers, etc."  They'll get good crypto regardless, either from foreign sources or "illegal" export that happens anyway.  The main attraction of export controls (to the govt) is that if they had been played "well," the government might have been able to foist some sort of Clipper-system on us indirectly, by building up a domestic market for crypto that is designed to be incompatible with the rest of the world, because nobody would buy the exports anyway.  It didn't work, of course, but the Feds are still flailing away, trying to control the situation.
In addition, the government really has no choice but to relax export controls, because of industry pressure.  The result, I think, is that the Leahy bill does little or nothing for us that wouldn't otherwise happen in the next year.  If that's the case, we win nothing and we compromise away our rights.
This theory is easily testable.  As I suggested a LONG time ago (gee, it must be at least a week now!) let's have a go at re-writing the bill to delete all the bad parts, modify it to be good, add appropriate extras to nail down everything, and present it to Leahy as the minimum acceptable bill.  If those are just "flaws" then Leahy should have no trouble with any of this.  If, on the other hand, it's all a fraud, we'll encounter fierce resistance.
What do you think will happen?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-23 05:34:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Ecash API about to be released 
For obvious reasons, I am interested in ecash with full payee, as well as payer, anonymity.  Last I heard, Digicash didn't provide this.  Any updates?

@_date: 1996-03-23 15:22:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Ecash API about to be released 
No, just keeping the pot boiling.
One reason I can say with a good degree of confidence that I've already won the debate is that my opponents are stuck with fielding silly "feel-good" one-liners such as the one you've crafted above.  Nothing I've said indicates that I'm in favor of "random violence":  the kind I would _enthusiastically_ facilitate is a highly-directed form of violence, in the direction of people who have historically maintained a high degree of implied and potential violence in this society for decades.  That's right, government employees.  You know, the ones who can attack you (as they did Rodney King), illegally search your house (as they did OJ Simpson), shoot up and eventually burn your residence (a la Waco) and kill innocent people in a standoff (Ruby Ridge.)  Oh, yes, I can't forget Donald Scott's fate, to be killed in a hail of police bullets fired during a search obtained with perjured testimony.
Not to mention the collection of well over a trillion dollars in individual and corporate income taxes, none of which could be collected without the ultimate threat of violence against those who resist.
Naturally, the closet (and not-so-closet) statists see nothing wrong with this kind of government-authorized violence, and therefore they would object to any attempt to prevent it as I am doing.
The only way you will ever be able to effectively challenge my opinions is if you're forced to deal with reality:  This society is already saturated with violence and the threat of violence, and the only way to stop it is to disable those who maintain that violence.  The best way is to force them to resign, or eliminate them if they do not.
Care to try again with a more credible argument?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-26 07:47:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: LIST OF SHAME VOLUNTEERS 
This is a dangerous position to take.  Many people have killed themselves, accidentally, thinking "the gun isn't loaded!"  This said, I see nothing wrong with fixing and improving the bill and only then supporting it.
If the Leahy bill "has not a chance in hell" of passing, then what's wrong with CORRECTING it.  Given this assessment,I doubt whether such changes would reduce its chances.
BTW, remember that one of the reasons its chances are rated as "not a chance in hell" is that the two constituencies who might normally support this bill, the crypto/software businesses and ourselves, see its promises as being weak and its negatives as being large. Without them, who else is there to support it?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-26 22:12:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
[stuff deleted]
While this may end up looking like another of Jim Bell's odd interpretations, the only section in the US Constitution that I see as potentially REQUIRING a person's testimony is the section (can't recall which) which says that a defendant must have a process to compel the appearance of witnesses in his favor.  The Constitution, as far as I see, says nothing about requiring people to appear for the PROSECUTION.
I know that plenty of judges just automatically assume that this requirement is somehow in there, but a literal reading of the Constitution doesn't provide it.  If that's the case, the government has and should have no mechanism to force any key escrow agent to reveal a key.
I've always been astonished at the assumption that the government seems to be making that key escrow (which is fundamentally done for the benefit of the key holder) will be implemented in a way that could possibly help the cops out, in a way done to the detriment of the key holder.  But are subpoenas _really_ constitutional?  In any case, one of the effects of the widespread availability of good encryption might be that suddenly the documents that cops have historically thought were subpoena-able will no longer be.  That's life, although they won't like it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-27 15:05:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bad news from Judge Richey 
I don't think they'd be stupid enough to do that.  Even a fool knows that what I really want is publicity, and that is exactly what the government would be best advised NOT to give me.  If they decided to press the issue, it would turn into one of the purest 1st amendment cases that has ever existed. Worse for them, it would automatically publicize my AP idea to an audience of millions, which I believe would cook their goose but good.  They know this, and they know that harassing me will not stop the fundamental idea.
Good line!  But what I really meant was,
"Jim Bell is advocating building an ammunition factory."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-27 17:27:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bad news from Judge Richey 
I realize that this may appear to be a rather disrespectful tactic, but have you considered reminding the judge that if you are not allowed to profit by exporting encryption that the government doesn't want to see exported, you'll just have to make money in some other way, and this may lead you to talk to Jim Bell about implementing a program using encryption that doesn't _need_ to be exported...legally anyway.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-27 20:54:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
OTOH, there is much precedent for being able to conclude that a
long-established practice is simply unconstitutional.  To name just a single example, suffragist Susan B. Anthony insisted in  1872 on the right to vote, arguing that the Constitution guaranteed all citizens that right, and women were citizens too. Both premises were correct; In hindsight, the issue was whether or not they were considered together or merely separately.   Nevertheless, it took the 19th amendment passed in 1920 to "grant" this right to women.
Although my MCP (male chauvenist pig) credentials are at least as good as most, but not only did she have a point, she was absolutely correct.  Despite 80+ years of contrary history, nothing within the Constitution could be interpreted as excluding women from voting.  It was merely the practice of the day to do so.  That practice COULD HAVE been changed without itself violating the Constitution; at least in theory the 20th amendment wasn't necessary.  The fact that an amendment was the way the practice was changed shows that people will attempt to use the Constitution to justify practices which can't genuinely be supported there.  The lesson to be learned from this is that "our" government does some things entirely without regard to the wording of the Constitution, which may later be recognized as wrong by later, more civilized times.
For an example that has not yet been legally recognized, the Constitution prohibits "involuntary servitude," but until a couple of decades ago the military draft was in force.  Challenges to the draft on that basis have never been recognized, despite the fact that the draft is one of the most obvious examples of "involuntary servitude" that there is.
It is, however, far more strongly "implied" by current practice than by any black-letter Constitutional provisions.  The difficulty is separating _Constitutional_ justification from "Well, that's the way we've always done it, so it MUST be okay!"  It's too bad that many people can't see the They just recently repealed the national 55 MPH speed limit.  Even though it was repealed by law, in the same way it was passed, plenty of people have argued that the Federal government has no jurisdiction in this area.  Those arguments are absolutely valid, even if they were ignored.  The danger in giving the government implicit authority in areas not mentioned in the Constitution is that it is not clear how far such justification extends.  If the government can limit us to 55, then why can't they limit us to 40-bit keys?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-28 00:12:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , shame) 
If you really believe that, then what happens when "they" argue that crypto keys MUST be kept, because if they are not kept they can't be subpoenaed?  If a manufacturer proposes building a crypto telephone where no keys are kept after they call ends, then it seems to me that he'd be accused of thwarting some "right" to courts' access to keys.  If you disagree with this line of reasoning, then why did you say that last line above?  Read it carefully; remember, you wrote it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-28 07:12:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
I think Tim already pointed out that the danger in this kind of conditional approval is that it would be used to restrict export of new _usages_ for cryptography based on their "political correctness" quotient, rather than simply on the basis of level of security (length of codes.)   In other words, just because a program used 3DES or IDEA would not automatically make it exportable.  This may sound pessimistic, but unfortunately pessimistic turns into "accurate" far too often.
Far more acceptable (and useful to us)  would be a rule which would mandate the government's allowing the export of any program that had, say, the key security provided by IDEA or less, regardless of what it did with that encryption.  (Not that I want _any_ restrictions; it's just that such a limit would make it impractically large to attempt to crack.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-28 09:37:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
There is, however, a slightly different way of looking at this.  For centuries, there was a saying "Nature abhors a vacuum."  While not scientifically correct, from the standpoint of people living below an ocean of atmosphere it seemed to be true.  Likewise, the political system seems to abhor a situation where there is neither law, nor a proposed law.  The best tactic might be to insist on modifications to the Leahy bill, most of which are quite justified, but cumulatively will be seen by "the enemy" as being so extreme as to be unacceptable.  At that point, the enemy may actually agree with our assessment that no law is better than the corrected Leahy bill, and we'll both walk away satisified with the "no law" option.
Think of it like pouring sugar into a gas tank.
[stuff deleted]
Hey, see, I'm useful!  I make you look more, uh, "reasonable", right?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-28 09:39:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bad news from Judge Richey 
Now now, Tim.  You know me better than that.  You know that I would never be so restrained as to call for the killing of ONLY ONE federal judge.
Seriously, however, I think you slightly mis-read my letter.  The implied "threat", if you are inclined to call it that, would simply be that if domestic software writers are prohibited from exporting encryption software, they might be inclined (and have time for) writing the entire AsPol system into software.  Once that happens, we won't have to worry about ITARs or any other governmental impediment.  At that point, the danger is not to one specific federal judge, and not even just to all of them, but every government employee at every level, working for every jurisdiction.
Judges, I presume, are quite familiar with accepting a sense of personal danger for the consequences of their bad decisions.  It would be an entirely different situation, I suggest, if it were made clear to them that the fallout from their misbehavior would ultimately be visited on a few million people.  And it would shock them to the core if it were explained that this could be done entirely legally, with the obvious exception of a few unidentifiable people who actually do the anonymous work.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-29 16:20:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
While this does sound like progress, I'm suspicious.   Peter Junger's analysis raised serious doubt as to the ability of bill to open up the crypto export market as it purported to.  And where, exactly, did this these changes come from?  Who was consulted?  What recommendations were NOT taken?
You're overdoing it on this "List of Shame" thing.  You don't know who actually made those anonymous postings, and it's been observed that those names seem to correspond nicely with an NSA-hate list.  It would not take a great deal of imagination to conclude that the NSA was motivated to de-focus our anger at the Leahy bill and replace it with a great deal of back-stabbing commentary.  (If that was the intent, it succeeded...)
On the other hand, I've also noticed that there hasn't been a lot of specific analysis of the Leahy bill in the last few weeks, and my suggestion that the Leahy bill be informally re-written to address Junger's objections (as well as my own, and Tim May's, etc) has not resulted in a great deal of repair work.  Now, miraculously, a replacement bill appears that includes SOME repairs.  (obviously, we have to wait to hear how most of it comes out...)
I get the impression that we are being sequentially offered ice cream cones with decreasing amounts of poison in them, in the hopes that at some point we'll bite.  It seems to me that whoever is writing these bills should be willing to make a statement about what his goals are, and who he's talking to as he crafts them, and what changes he was UNwilling to include.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-29 23:14:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
You clearly don't understand.  You're making the ASSumption that the organization keeping the keys can produce them in a form that is "useful" to the cops.  Escrowing encrypted keys makes them useless to subpoena, and in fact it helps the key owner because the escrow agent can (and, in fact, must!) be obligated to inform the key owner if his key is requested.
You also seem to assume that "contempt charges" will be able to operate world-wide, which is a highly dubious proposition.  (Read Froomkin's paragraph above CAREFULLY.  He said "internationally.")  And in any case, I consider it highly doubtful that anybody would contract with an escrow agent and identify himself by name.  It would be a simple matter to operate "escrow agents," just glorified data-holders, who would receive data anonymously and send it out just as anonymously, to the person who can identify themselves via some sort of encrypted ID system.   Even "detecting" such a transfer is useless because the cops won't be able to figure out what the data is, since it's encrypted in both directions while being transferred, in addition to being encrypted while being held, with a code the escrow agent doesn't know.
In short, you need to comprehend what you're responding to before you express your opinions.  You're living down to my expectations.
You seem to be ASSuming that an "efficient identification system" is one that will ALSO operate to the benefit of the government, as opposed to the individual who wants to be identified for only limited purposes.  I don't think so.  Chaum's encrypted ID system described in the August 1992 Scientific American makes it clear that identification can occur without the ability to cross-reference databases.  Chaum's system, if implemented with current microprocessor technology, would be extremely "efficient," at least from the standpoint of the amount of human effort involved.  It would, however, be extremely hostile to the government.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 12:51:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
As usual, Unicorn is FOS.  Not entirely in his facts, but in his conclusions.  To "forbit third parties to reveal prosecution inquiries" is an obvious violation of freedom of speech, and in fact is PRIOR RESTRAINT.  Maybe Unicorn can't see what's wrong with that, but I can.  It is unclear whether this has ever been tested in court, or whether that test occurred Now, in practice I recognize that in the past large organizations which are subpoenaed usually comply with requests to keep an inquiry secret, but one of the effects of the "crypto revolution" and the "net revolution" is clearly to decentralize information power from the places it used to be carefully kept (IBM, ATT, etc) and is now distributing it among many more, far smaller organizations which are much closer to the people the prosecutors might be inclined to target.  (for example, your friendly neighborhood ISP).  Furthermore, the development of good encryption will allow a willing ISP (for example) to send an encrypted (and possibly semi-anonymous) message to the target of the investigation  (or possibly a public USENET area, unaddressed), containing a pre-arranged alarm code to be sent to the target of the investigation, in such a way that any other people (for example, the brainless cops) won't know.  The target will be assured (though encryption and signing, or prior arrangement) that the message could only have originated from the contractor (ISP) but the target (and nobody else, as well) will not be able to prove this knowledge to a third party.
For example, if I ask my ISP to send me an anonymous, encrypted message with the word, "Rosebud" in it to me if he receives any requests to tap my connection, he can do so with no fear of being discovered, because no third party can decrypt the message, know who is is from, or know the real meaning of the word, "Rosebud" in the context of an encrypted, anonymized message.  Further, since the whole thing is by pre-arrangement, even I cannot prove (to the satisfaction of a third party) that the message really meant what I would interpret it to mean.  The message is useful to me, as a warning, but it could never turn around and "bite" the ISP.
The end result is that your foolish opinion of what the law allows will simply become irrelevant: The government cannot mandate what it cannot enforce, and it cannot enforce what it cannot detect.
You may ask, "Why would the operator of a small ISP want to take even a minor risk informing the target of the investigation?"  There are a number of obvious answers:
1.  He's promised his customer to do so.
2.  It's in the contract.
3.  And the ever-popular, "He's afraid of getting killed, or his ISP business torched, if word later leaks out that he failed to inform his customer of an investigation."  Don't underestimate the significance of such a risk to those people.  Destruction of even a full phone switch would not have fazed ATT in the 1960's, but a small ISP depends on valuable equipment at (presumably) a single location.  Getting a person mad at them for failing to anonymously inform them of an inquiry would NOT be the best tactic for these small-time operators.
Again, you assume that informing "the principal" would be detectable.  Your wishful thinking is palpable.  I really wish you'd be able to distinguish what "the law" could do, given limitless knowledge of the actions of the population, and the REAL WORLD, in which those judges and prosecutors and cops are limited in what they can do by what they can know.  This is critical, because we are rapidly approaching a time in which what these people know will be dramatically limited by many of the technologies regularly discussed on Cypherpunks.
Bullets could easily fly.
You repeatedly state what might, hypothetically, happen, but you don't back it up with a realistic assessment of what actually would _likely_ happen.
Someday, obstruction of the Constitution by government agents will be a death-penalty crime.
If I intended to limit myself to the tools of the court room (that's the enemy's playpen, BTW) I would probably be just as ineffective as the next defense attorney.
I've frequently found that the question of who wins in any confrontation is strongly affected by whether I allow myself to be lured into the home territory of the other.  This is actually more a psychological battle than a physical one.    You obviously believe that the cops and judges can frequently win, if they are able to control the location of the battle; this is true, but it ignores the fact that "the legal system" is generally an 8-hour-per-day, 40-hour-per week system.  Going outside the system and attacking directly bypasses all the rules and restrictions which are set up to allow THEM to win.
This may sound unfair to people brainwashed to believe that the court system is and should be the final arbiter, but I suggest that long ago they lost whatever moral authority they once might have had. Every time you talk about them fining or prosecuting some third party for not cooperating, you demolish your own claims.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 14:20:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
Bullets don't care that a judge was justified in his decisions, either.  Ultimately, your repeated argument is simply, "The legal system can be abused by those who work in it."  I don't challenge this claim, in fact my position depends on its truth; my assertion  is that the current legal situation is out of the control of people faithful to the meaning of the Constitution, and has been so for a long time.  One of the main reasons I promote a de-facto (and unofficial) death penalty for recalcitrant politicians and other government employees is because the traditional "checks and balances" system seems to no longer be working for the interests of the average citizen.
Any specific examples?  No?  I thought so!  In any case, if "third parties" are "fined heavily," that is even more justification for setting up a method to deter out-of-control courts.  Remember, freedom is always strongly disliked by authoritarian and totalitarian governments; you need to explain why the hypotheticals you're describing don't indicate that some emergency effort is needed.
I guess you really don't realize that every claim you make demolishes the justification for your obvious hostility to a system which prevents exactly the kind of abuses you list.  (Although it really isn't clear whether you would classify them as "abuses.")
_                                                             ^^^^^^^^^^^
Sloppy word usage.  I think you meant, "incriminating."  Typical for you.
In this day and in this country, "going to law school" is basically synonymous with "learn to get along with the current legal system."  It should have been obvious long ago that I don't consider the current legal system to be worth living with.
Only if viewed from the statist perspective, which I suppose is easy for you.  An "efficient identification system" identifies me, efficiently, to anybody I _choose_ to be identified to, to whatever level of identification I choose to allow.  Nothing more.   Read Chaum's Sci Am article, carefully.

@_date: 1996-03-30 14:52:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
You _do_ have an odd way with words.  "entails" criminal charges?  Hey, they can charge ANYBODY with ANYTHING, but that doesn't mean that a crime has actually been committed.  Further, it isn't clear that anybody is obligated to respond to a subpoena without the possibility of a court challenge, and your fantasy about the cops showing up and trying to strongarm the ISP is laughable at best.  Who said anything about "destruction of material evidence"?  Refusing to hand over information until AFTER a court has properly responded to a challenge to a subpoena is old hat to newspapers, TV stations, and other media-organizations who are occasioinally served with a subpoena.  The ISP need merely say, I'm challenging this subpoena in court, go away motherfuckers!  ISP prepares a challenge, "CC's" ALL the affected individuals, (including the person whose information is desired!),  and the validity of the subpoena is tested.
My feelings exactly.  Please stop acting like a government suck-up all the time.  Maybe you're paid to do it, but unless you're a plant, you're on your free time now.
with meaning Again, you blindly assume that the subpoena can't be challenged in court.  It can be.  You keep inventing these phony scenarios, building up these straw men and knocking them down.  Clearly, your underlying argument is quite weak.  I said nothing about "destroying evidence."  In fact, the ISP could simply encrypt everything with the target's public key, and keep it.  That's not "destroying evidence," that's locking it away in such a way so that nobody except the target can unlock it.   Ideally, this would be done automatically every time a person calls his ISP, although the software to do this probably doesn't exist yet.  The result would be that whenever the target was NOT connected to the ISP, there would be no information on the ISP's system that could be decrypted by the ISP operator.
This would be one of those inventive future uses of encryption, well beyond plain vanilla PGP, which we must assure ourselves will be developed.  The kind of thing you dread, obviously.
I sincerely doubt Unicorn will ever stop being a government suck-up.
If an ISP's system automatically encrypts all received message's with the destination's public key when received, and doesn't keep an unencrypted copy around, showing up at that ISP's location with a warrant will result in ZERO (ZIP, ZILCH, NEGATORI, etc) information that can be  delivered, unencrypted, to the cops.
No, an even better defense is to make it absolutely impossible, as a matter of business practice, to assist the police with any kind of an investigation.  Before you go off and shoot your mouth off about how evil and bad that is, you need to remember that regular destruction of records is an acceptable practice in any company today.  While courts will look askance at it when it does not appear to be a regular business practice (say, the company gets sued today and they have a mass shredding tomorrow) there is nothing wrong about regularly making past records unavailable by shredding, burning, erasing, or by any other method. Making those records SELECTIVELY unavailable by encrypting them with somebody else's public key and keeping them has probably never been tested in court, but if the business contracts this ISP regularly signs have this as a provision of doing business, the court can't squawk after the fact.  After all, the ISP might have simply erased the files, keeping them from being accessed by ANYBODY, including their "owner."
Hey, you can FREQUENTLY "thwart the authorities."  If I have evidence of a crime in my house, the cops can't come in unless they have a warrant.  If I know they're coming, and can destroy it untraceably, I WIN!  See, that's how freedom works!  It's  nearly the exact opposite of "the government can do anything it wants, any time it wants, and anybody who frustrates them is a Naturally, you won't like this.
Yet another one of your multiple problems is that you have no imagination when it comes to "thwarting the authorities."  I do.  Don't try to tell me what can't be done, because I'll turn around and tell you how it CAN be done!  I just did.  The actual implementation waits for some slick coder to do it, but I give you 5 years, tops, before it's in regular usage.  And that's assuming they're all a bunch of lazy bastards.
failing A list which seems to be the current modus operandi of most levels of government in America, today.
In any case, I think it's fair to hold an ISP to his word and contract.  If the "normal" referee to such contracts (the court system) becomes biased because it begins to be an interested party to the enforcement of the contract terms, then bypassing that court system is unavoidable and is entirely appropriate.
You won't like this, either.
It's easy to kill, and hard to resurrect the dead.
Yes, I'd say you're "clearly erronious."  If you can repeatedly describe, in nominally accurate terms, how abusive the government has become and NOT oppose its actions with every fiber in your being, then YOU have made yourself part of the problem.
You still haven't given me specific examples.
That's not what I'm referring to.  Judges are mortal.  If they abuse the sense of propriety of the average indidivual, they SHOULD be removed, by legal methods if possible, by other methods if not. Remember that prosecutor who died in Boston a few months ago?  You know, the one who made the national news?  I'm still waiting to see how that one came out, but I suspect they will never be able to prove who did it, and may not even be able to find out.  Except that in a court room, the decision maker is PAID by a party to the case, the government.  That sounds like a classic conflict of interest to me.  What's the old rhyme,
"Treason doth not prosper, what is the reason?
Where treason does prosper, none dare call it treason."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 15:34:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
As far as I know, the 1st amendment to the US Constitution is there to protect unpopular, as well as popular, speech.  And while it may be a surprise to you, my kind of speech is getting far more popular and has been for the last few years.  Much of the reason for this has been the abusiveness that you describe but don't seem to try to do anything about.
In any case, the "clear and present danger" standard to speech such as mine is not satisfied.  Nobody is under the illusion that anybody else is going to rush right out and kill someone as a consequence of my comments.  It is, therefore, protected speech.  (Not that I really have much respect for the distinction, anyway.  The issue is, is there some OFFICIAL distinction, and there apparently is.)
Since you keep inventing these straw men and knocking them down, it is really questionable whether you have any kind of good judgment as to who is "clearly complicit in the destruction of material evidence."
It would be far more effective and credible if you would at least admit that not every action by a third party which has the effect of frustrating some court is actionable.  The simple action of FAILING to store information that may later be wanted by the officials is an excellent example, for instance.
Naturally, you won't like this either.  And you certainly won't want to rise to my challenge and draw a distinct line, because that would put you to your proof, and you have none.
situation is What?!?  you don't have a better response to this?
contract Well, you're trying to change the subject.  It's "escrow agents."  And the question is, "must an escrow agent always know the identity of the people for whom the information is kept."  The simple answer, invoking existing software technology, is, "no."  So now you need to explain why courts are going to be able to force a third-party to give what he doesn't know he has, and in fact nobody else knows either.  You'll fail at this task, of course, because the answer is not politically correct by your standards.
A position which fails to do anything about the current problems in society.  Show me that my solution is worse than the status quo, and you'll have a point.  Until then, you're just a complainer.
Still sloppy.  Classic Unicorn.
I take great pains and give them to others.  Anyway the reason suicide is a silly option is that it assumes that the problem lies with me, not others.  Obviously, other people are complaining about the same situation, so the problem is not my fault.  But I'm hoping to be part of the solution.
You REALLY won't like this!
There are not ONLY "two ways around it."  There are also clearly "ways that Unicorn likes" and "ways Unicorn doesn't like."  It is possible that if they were studied carefully a person would discover that (warning!  Set theory terms coming up!) intersection between the two groups, "Ways that work" and "ways that Unicorn likes" is zero.  As if by design.
I've never encouraged "random murder."  Quite the opposite:  It would be far more accurate to say that I encourage VERY SELECTIVE killing.  It is not, however, GOVERNMENT SPONSORED killing, which is why you won't like it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 17:19:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
It's not that I'm suspicious of the wording of this new bill; I haven't even seen it yet.  What is a bit suspicious is its timing.  Let's see, where do I begin?   When the Leahy bill was first discussed around here, there were claims (which, arguably, might be true) that this bill "couldn't be passed" without the negative portions of the bill (key escrow commentary; criminalization of encryption use, etc.)   More recently, it was claimed that the Leahy bill was dead, and couldn't be revived by the end of the session due to lack of time.  I don't necessarily challenge these claim; but I note them and I also note that this new bill is going to run into the same kind of time restraints as the Leahy bill would have, even more so.  Even worse, this new bill will split off support from Leahy, meaning that (everything else being equal) it is hard to imagine how this new bill (even if it is everything we want, and nothing we don't want) will get passed.  Maybe that's the idea:  As Tim May pointed out, at this time maybe no bill is better than any bill.  And maybe what is needed is a bill to siphon support away from Leahy, to ensure it's dead, which I presume this new bill will do quite well even if it's never voted on.  If that's the case,  this new bill may be a "conspiracy," but it might be a conspiracy that I can actually sympathize with and support, even like.
Nevertheless so, I would at least like to look that gift horse in the mouth, and understand the motivations of the people proposing this new bill.  That is a silly conclusion.  The primary reason for anonymity with such postings is to avoid controversy being associated with one's name.  I, as anyone who's read my writing can attest, not only do not try to avoid controversy, but in fact appear to seek it out, perhaps even to revel in it.  Having taking a strongly anti-Leahy position before this anonymous poster first appeared, it would be pointless for me to add my commentary in anonymous form to that which I've already posted under my own name.
Furthermore, I've pointed out that there is no reason to exclude the possibility that this anonymous poster isn't deliberately going too far, mixing "deserving" names in with undeserving ones, in order to discredit those people who are criticizing the supporters of the Leahy bill.  I can't say this for certain, because there were a number of names on this "list of shame" whose positions on Leahy I haven't even seen.  Nevertheless, propaganda techniques are sophisticated, and I do notice a suspicious number of people who appeared to want to "stand up for those people" rather than standing up for the positions they took.  (Whatever they were.)
The implication is that the people who oppose this "list of shame" are doing so primarily for PERSONALITY reasons, rather than on the issues.  I would feel better about the whole thing if the people who volunteered for the list had engaged in some sort of serious effort to show that the placement of the other people on that list was unjustified.  Lacking even the most rudimentary effort along these lines, I really wonder who (and what) these people think they're supporting.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 20:04:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous Cpunk Bashing 
He's one of the people I haven't seen respond to the Leahy bill, as well.  However, I don't regularly read SCI.CRYPT or much else  that he may put his comments on, and I don't recall if he commented here.  That's one of the reasons to be suspicious of the motivations behind the "list of shame," however there's good reason to be even  more suspicious of those who have rushed to debunk it by "standing behind" all those listed, with no distinction.    I think it is obvious that at least a few people listed should have been listed, but the majority I simply don't know about.  I wouldn't be surprised if at least one of those anonymous messages deliberately loaded up the list  with unworthy targets simply to disguise the ones who ought to be listed.

@_date: 1996-03-30 20:51:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Electronic locksmiths are watching you (Belgium's ban on PGP) 
What I'm surprised about is that I would be criticized for being suspicious (as Declan McCullagh was, below) for doubting the motivations of people who propose crypto bills:
I think it's obvious that governments around the world have a very poor record of responding "well" to encryption with any kind of acceptable legislation.  Arguably, laws should exist for the benefit of the public, but what's happening is that governments are using their authority to try to restrain the political consequences of technical developments.  I see no benefit to the public in laws against encryption, and certainly no net benefit.
We should be particularly suspicious of any hint of a pan-European ban or control of encryption, because that is exactly the kind of development that could usher in a secretly-negotiated treaty that might be argued to be binding on the public.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-30 23:21:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
I think the reason you are so sloppy with language is that you don't want to be held to a strict standard of accuracy.  For you, "entails" is sufficiently vague that you think you can get away with it.  This kind of "abuse the language" behavior is common among lawyers.  Check out the New York Times vs. Sullivan SC decision and their odd usage of the term "malice":  It's a definition that appeared in no dictionary and (apparently) no prior legal decision.  Clearly, lawyers (and especially judges) think that they can dynamically re-define the language in order to suit their needs.
 >> Who said anything about "destruction of material evidence"?  Refusing to Before the challenge occurs?  Hardy har har!  Yes, the evidence WILL be preserved, in fully encrypted form.
Encrypting evidence is NOT "destroying evidence."  Why don't you STOP talking about "destroying evidence, because it is clear that you've phonied up this assertion to buttress your claims.
I'm sure other people are growing tired of your failure to support your claims, as well as your failure to recognize the fundamental unfairness of the various things you've CLAIMED judges do.  I suspect that any reasonably unbiased person would be shocked and astonished at the various behaviors you've claimed judges have displayed; he would then understand quite clearly why encryption is going to be such an important improvement in future society, because it will quickly emasculate the government and its ability to do precisely the sort of things you've claimed its agents do.
Explains a lot!   You _are_ paid for this.  In an earlier era, you would have gladly run the ovens at Auschwitz if you'd gotten paid for it.
 I'm reminded of that famous New Yorker magazine cover which showed, in cartoon form, a picture of Manhattan in the foreground, Jersey in the middleground, and the midwest towards the back, then California in the distance, etc.  Clearly, you see the government as "Manhattan," occupying the vast majority of your scenery, and the rest of the country is clearly ignorable in the background.  Chances are good that the reason you aren't more bothered at the government's behavior is that, fundamentally, you PROFIT from the excesses of the government.
I think you mean, "EXPENSIVE detour."  You know, the one where the lawyers on both sides get paid a lot of money, the taxpayers and the victims get screwed, etc.  Explains a lot about your motivations.
Simple.  I disagree that it is constitutional to prohibit a person from informing yet another person (should he be inclined to do so) that he has been approached by officials.  I see no support in the Constitution for such a tactic, since it is obviously equivalent to prior restraint.  Obviously, however, there is a strong motivation for the officials to WANT to keep their interest a secret, but people want a lot of things without necessarily getting them.  Your problem is that you are unable to admit that this practice is of dubious propriety;  the government has been able to get away with it because it has dealt with large organizations that depend on it and can easily control.  Smaller organizations, like ISP's and such, are run by people who aren't quite so contaminated with the "Government is God" philosophy, and who are far more likely to get around (or challenge) a old tenet that officials had grown to know and love.
You keep making statements which merely represent abuses of the system.  What you don't explain is why any judge who does such abusive things shouldn't be removed from office, by whatever means necessary.  You would be far more credible if you prefaced your sweeping statements about what a government does with, "Yes, it's illegal, but they..."  You haven't explained why.  You have appeared to accept the premise that the ISP's system is automatically programmed to make it impossible for the ISP to provide information, and you've just ADMITTED (and yes, it's really an admission!) that a judge would be inclined to abuse his position in such circumstances.  As far as I can see, the American Revolution was fought over violations of freedom substantially less severe than these.
Tell me, honestly:  Do you genuinely believe that the average citizen (or ISP operator) is going to feel any more generous to the government's desire to regulate encryption if he's told that he may some day be held in contempt for failing to  provide what he knows he cannot provide?  Further, one of the provisions of the Leahy bill seems to be that key-escrow is OPTIONAL.  It is, therefore, presumably true that the key-owner can write whatever conditions into that escrow arrangement he's inclined to add.  Suppose for a moment the key-owner reads your suck-up commentary and believes you:  He'd have to be a fool to use a key-escrow agent that was within the jurisdiction of the US or treaty agreements, OR he'd insist on using encryption to hide the keys.  That being the case, pressure on the key-escrow agent is totally useless, as least with regards to getting the actual key.  Obviously, then, the only purpose of such strong-arm tactics could possibly be is to deter any key-escrow agents that offer a _secure_ key-escrow service.  But we've reached a contradiction:  Is key-escrow voluntary or isn't it?
You seem to have forgotten the subject of this thread.  The appropriateness of any particular piece of legislation depends not exclusively on what it says, but in fact how it will be abused by crooked judges and prosecutors.  Every time you open your digital mouth, you further destroy whatever credibility those guys have in the eyes of the public.  At this point, anybody with a brain in his head should be terrified of giving the thugs any more power to abuse.
Actually, its protection against the individual is excellent.  What you've done, essentially, is assert that the government will abuse any and all people who contract with the individual in order to deter them from entering into useful contracts which are secure against government intrusion. This worries me, and should worry anybody else.  It's somewhat equivalent to the government holding your nearest neighbors responsible for any crimes you commit, which will induce them to spy on you to ensure that you're not doing anything that they'll later get it trouble for.  Look up the term "bill of attainder" if you don't understand.
That's odd.  I've debated all comers, including clueless ones such as yourself.  I've never run across a person who identified himself as a lawyer, and put even the smallest amount of effort into debunking my claims.  I don't claim that everything I've said must be the truth; rather, I've pointed out that it's a good estimate and I've asked for clarifications and corrections. Nobody ever SPECIFICALLY challenges me on the big items; mostly I get statements like the one you've made just above which are so laughably non-specific that it's hard to know whether you seriously expect me to be satisfied with it.
Actually, what I've done is poked four _different_ large holes in your arguments  I haven't presented these as being part of the same claim.  I don't have to.
Why not?  If it's undetectable, then there's no risk to the ISP even if you assume that he's not entitled to inform the target.
This is rich!  You're saying the ISP has to CHANGE HIS BUSINESS PRACTICES to ADD A FUNCTION not previously provided?  Hey, if there is any argument in favor of kicking these bastards out of office, feet first, it is this.  A search warrant, even a wiretap warrant, is NOT a "do anything and everything we tell you no matter how much time it takes and how much money it costs" order.   The reason the government wanted that Digital Wiretap act passed was because (supposedly) there simply wasn't the technology in place to do the kind of wiretaps they claim they wanted.  There was no hint, BTW, that any judge was fining and local telephone company for failing to do a tap because the equipment wasn't designed to do that.  (in fact, I've read that the thugs were forced to PRIORITIZE their taps, and to thus accept the existing limitation)  If what YOU claimed was possible, then that Digital Wiretap Act would have been unnecessary:  The government would have simply leaned on the phonecos to force them to install this equipment anyway.
I agree that an old-line company like AT+T or IBM or such might have complied with such an order, simply to stay on the government's good side, but to assume that such a broad interpretation will fly in the modern era is laughable at best.
Only if they are under discovery procedures.  If I file a lawsuit again, say, the local phoneco, that doesn't mean that their entire records-destruction system must be put on hold.  Only the material specifically needed and requested.
It's pretty hard to TRO a microprocessor.
It really doesn't matter how well it "goes over."  Once ISP's start using pre-emptive anti-warrant procedures, I predict that they will become standard in the industry:  "Due diligence," as it were.  Given a choice, I'd much rather use an ISP that was willing to make it as difficult as possible for the government to get what they want.  If the ISP WANTS to do this, they Note to the rest of you:  Unicorn is abusing the term "illegal."  There is a difference between an "unenforceable" contract and one which actually is a crime.  Unicorn's trying to mix up these two distinctions.  Just because a contract can't be enforced in court because of legal bias, doesn't mean it can't be enforced "extra-judicially."
You only oppose it when PAID to!  You have all the business ethics of a whore.  Actually, maybe less.
Don't try to be funny. You're not very good at it.   I try to follow all these kinds of "weird" cases that (strangely) make the national news for reasons that are not clear at the time.    I figure that the reason they make the national news is that somebody knows something about the case which makes it worthy of the attention, but they can't quite say it because they have no proof.  The word gets around, I'm sure.
That's the best this guy can do!   (unless he's paid...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 07:25:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The limits of my patience. 
And as a form of protest, I recommend that you refuse to post any more messages to CP until you get it!  That would solve a lot of problems, I think.

@_date: 1996-03-31 08:54:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
I'm well aware of symbolic gestures.  Maybe this is one of them.  But having not seen it yet it's who knows how worthy it is.  I'm wondering when somebody is going to post it.  I'm also waiting for those people who claimed that the Leahy bill was dead (for lack-of-time reasons if nothing else) to express the same opinion of this newer bill.  Not that I want it dead; I just want to see if people are using consistent levels of logic.
In view of the fact that I've repeatedly publicly stated that I'm not aware of the Leahy-bill position of many if not most of the people listed, this seems unlikely.  Like most of the people around here, I'm still waiting for some sort of showing that demonstrates why any given person was listed.  I'm also waiting for counter-arguments:   For example, statements by those listed, or others, explaining why they they should not have been listed.  There is a distinct lack of documentation from BOTH sides.  This leads me to suspect that there may really be only one side there: a straw man set up anonymously, and a bunch of people racing (non-anonymously, of course!) to knock him down.  (Or possibly the original anonymous message was legit, and some others were posted to discredit the original post; I may not have those messages, and I haven't looked to see if they came from a stable anonymous  as well.
I think we need to ask ourselves why Denning keeps getting invited to these kinds of hearings.  If the purpose is to get an accurate, unbiased view of encryption, I'm sure there's plenty of experts who could take her place without sharing her conveniently pro-government position.  Never having seen such a hearing, I can't say for sure, but I suspect she's billed as an "encryption expert," when in fact she should be labelled as a "pro-government-biased encryption expert."  Which, I suppose, is okay too, since all sides deserve to be heard.  However, there should be no illusion about her point of view in such matters.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 11:54:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Note: Problems Confronting the Asset Concealer [Part 1 of 2 of Volume I] 
While your interest in Unicorn's essay is understandable, I think you've missed the problems with his point of view.  He's apparently suffering from a disease which is supposed to be common among first year law students, specifically:  Citing legal precedents as if they are some sort of justification for themselves.  You correctly referred to "the bad guys" above as taxing the non-physical, so you're obviously on the right track.  Unicorn, however, does not REALLY think of them as being "the bad guys," in fact his gravy train _depends_ on them!  It is this conflict of interest which drives him to cite precedent after precedent as somehow supporting his nebulous positions.  What he misses is that citing these precedents merely destroys whatever confidence we could have in the legal system.  And since the legal system will be charged with interpreting whatever bills are passed by Congress, by extension these precedents show that all the all the potential benefits promised by bills such as Leahy's are conditional.  Similarly, even a negative which appears minimal today could easily turn into a "killer" problem tomorrow.
Peter Junger's analysis of the Leahy bill was far more useful, primarily because it focussed on the areas that this bill could be abused.  Unicorn cites cases of abuse frequently, but does not identify them as such, leading me to conclude that all he can do is to cite precedent.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 13:25:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
...which would be a clear violation of the 5th amendment, and would (by informing the person targeted) defeat the entire purpose of getting the key in the first place.  Of course, you've also assumed that the escrowed data actually represents some sort of key, which it may not. (The data-holder is never told that the data he's asked to hold is REALLY a key!)   Insisting that the target of an investigation provide something that may not even exist is a sure way to fire up the populace.  Remember Madame Defarge (sp?)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 15:00:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The limits of my patience. (suggested solution) 
It is also not the place for people like this Unicorn to waste our time with non-responsive messages.  If you don't know what I'm referring to, go back and re-read what I posted to him, and what he posted to me in "response."  You'll discover that he doesn't address my commentary appreciably, and certainly not reliably.  He's wasting your time, and mine, and if you haven't complained to him so far then you have no business complaining to me.
Put him to his proof;  challenge his assumptions.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:01:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
like" Justa sec!  "Megabytes of random data"?  Pardon me, but we're talking something which is alleged to be a KEY!  Perhaps you're too dense to follow this idea, but an IDEA key is 128 _bits_, and even a long RSA key is 2048 bits, or only 256 bytes.  So where did you get this "megabytes of random data" anyway?  Unfortunately, it appears that your brain is in neutral while your fingers are in 5th gear.
I don't suppose it would be particularly merciful at this point to mention steganography.  Unicorn is already vastly discredited as it is; I wouldn't want to be accused of rubbing it in, right?
Aw, why not.  He deserves it.  Steganography is, basically, hiding data (usually already encrypted) in an existing file (often an audio file or a GIF) in such a way that it is undetectable.  The file it's hidden in, which is usually far larger (10x, 100x, or even more) than the data to be hidden, is not appreciably changed by the process, and if it is well done the data is undetectable.  This means that if the picture is a 25,600 byte GIF of your late granny, which you are keeping for sentimental reasons, for every 99 bits of granny there is one bit of RSA key. Show the file to the judge, say "that's my late granny!" and he'll see that it is.  Now, if you're operating according to your normal clueless level, you'll try to claim that the judge will fine the person ANYWAY.  Perhaps, but that merely goes to further justify my favorite method of dealing with these miscreants:  I work from what I consider a reasonable assumption that people shouldn't be obligated to tolerate shit from the government, and fining people on principle is an excellent example of the government going too far.  Only if you can demonstrate a reliable method of stopping this, permanently and rapidly, should anybody bother with your opinions.  Asking people to resort to "the political process" is probably what King George did for the American colonies 220 years ago.
Sadly, saying Unicorn is clueless doesn't make him shut up, either.
Unicorn again displays his cluelessness.  If people know that the system is sick, and they believe (even wrongly) that the only way to fix the problem is through "the political process,"  they can reasonably be expected to take one last, desperate effort at fixing the situation.  That doesn't make anybody "pro-political-process," in fact they could be disgusted with the lack of progress that this system produces.  They simply believe that they have no alternative.
To put it in simple terms that even you should be able to understand, the fact that a drowning person moves his arms and legs around a lot doesn't mean that he LIKES to swim, it may merely mean that he likes drowning even He's going to keep saying "this will be my last posting" whenever he grows tired of getting his butt kicked.  I guess that's the Unicorn equivalent of an EOF (end-of-file) character.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:01:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
to make
LEO's can
The ONLY reason this is "not at all clear" is because of those 9 morons-for-life they have currently sitting in that wasted building near the Congress building have never been particularly careful to follow the rules.  I believe that this would be a "clear violation of the 5th amendment."   Whether those 9 nincompoops agree is still up in the air.  Given the fact that they were chosen for their current jobs after a long history of "getting along" with system, their "reliability" to hold the government's line is quite understandable.
Actually, he doesn't know this.  As long as the data being held "looks like" random data, and contains no headers, as far as anybody knows it IS random data.  The data holder cannot know.
 >LEO goes to the principal, principal 5th amendment is invoked.
What you seem to have forgotten is that if the scenario you describe could really occur "in real life," this is all the more reason for ordinary citizens to REFUSE to use any kind of key-escrow system, or to do so in a way which is completely undetectable.  Naturally, you won't address this problem, but the man-on-the-street is more realistic about his own privacy.  How many times must I raise this issue?  How many times do you ignore it?  Face it, people are smarter than you give them credit for.  They will simply not tolerate any more shit from the government.
Was the government lying to us when they claimed that "key escrow will be voluntary"?  Or was this some odd new usage of the word "voluntary" that only appears in the "Newspeak Dictionary"?
With every new post you send, you simply go to prove that every concern that anybody ever had about the government's behavior is potentially reasonable.  You really ought to quit while you're behind.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:01:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Electronic locksmiths are watching you (Belgium's ban onPGP) 
You _COMPLETELY_ misinterpreted what I said.  I was referring, obliquely, to a tricky practice whereby the US government writes up a treaty, and pushes it through the Senate, requiring only 51 votes (or even less, depending on the quorum.  Participation of the House is not required, BTW, for treaty ratification.)  The resulting "treaty" is interpreted as being binding not merely on the government, but is also (and incorrectly, I believe)  on the citizens as well.  The reason, as I recall, is a misinterpretation of a portion of the Constitution which states that treaties are the law of the land.  The proper interpretion would be that such a treaty is indeed binding on the government, but not the citizenry who didn't sign it and whose Representatives didn't vote on it.  The question is, "is it possible for the government to pass a law  that violates a citizen's constitutional rights by putting it into the form of an international treaty?"  In my opinion, this is unconstitutional, but sadly, I believe that this practice is nominally tolerated.  I believe there's at least one anti-narcotics treaty, in the 1960's,  which was foisted on the citizenry in this way.
Naturally, I welcome details and clarification by any REAL LAWYERS around here.  But if I'm right, the danger is that once Europe agrees on some sort of broad anti-crypto rule, all the US government needs to do to force such a rule on US citizens is to do their "write a treaty" schtick and we're all screwed.  It wouldn't _have_ to be Europe; but this would be the most convenient excuse they could dredge up.
Cypherpunks like Dave need to pull their head out and read text carefully before responding to it.  If you really have no idea what I'm talking about, you need to do your research.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:02:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The limits of my patience. 
Aw, C'mon Dimitri.  Don't try to tease me.  You _know_ I get glassy-eyed when  I hear stuff like this!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-03-31 21:20:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
I do think it's interesting how Unicorn so easily falls into these mental ruts.  He thinks only in terms of what the government wants and what it does to get it, not what other people want and what they can do for their own benefit.  One useful function that CP can and should provide is to disseminate ideas about future crypto developments, ones that do not merely encrypt and decrypt files and messages, but also incorporate encryption into systems so that government attacks on them ("legal" as well as surreptitious) are guaranteed to be fruitless.
This will require coding, but it will primarily require enough imagination to figure out ways around all the tactics normally used to force people to give up information to the detriment of citizens.  Ironically, this will make people like Unicorn useful, because whether or not his morality is intact he may have plenty of examples of how government abuses its position.  However, he doesn't appear to have the mental wherewithall or inclination to turn those facts into sketches of effective countermeasures.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-01 03:31:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
I don't know what Tim May will tell you, but over 10 years ago a technology was developed which is something like a scanning electron microscope, however with very low beam energies and is designed to be able to scan a chip and quantitatively measure the voltage at various/all points on the chip.  It can be thwarted by a thick coating on the chip, but most organic coatings can be removed with  a "plasma asher," a chamber designed to remove photoresist coatings on chips.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-01 07:02:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: So where's the Burns bill? 
Maybe I'm just naturally suspicious of the government about such things, but I'm wondering where the text of this new Burns bill has gotten off to.  It's been days since it was first described, and yet a recent trip to the CDT page still claims it's coming.  Well, is there a bill or isn't there?
As usual, my solution will cause some people to smile, while others will frown:  We should educate these politicians that whenever they claim they have a bill to introduce, at the very least they should be required to release a secure hash of their CURRENT draft version of the bill, as it sits in the word processor.  Later, when the finalized bill is complete, they will be required to release the intermediate edit (whose hash can be checked against that originally announced) to prove that they did, indeed, have a specific bill in mind.  It would also allow all citizens to see how that bill changed (if at all) between the time they CLAIMED the bill existed, and the time it is actually released in finalized text version.
(If we REALLY don't trust the politicians, we could insist that the text of that proposed bill be released into the hands of one of these supposedly-trustworthy escrow agents they seem to want US to use, which instructions to release it in, say, 2 weeks maximum come hell or high water.  All these instructions, plus the hash, will be immediately released.)
This requirement would drastically cut down on the kind of game-playing that may be going on regularly when a bill is claimed to be ready to introduce, but actually isn't.  It would prevent the politicians from "running it up the flagpole and seeing if anyone salutes" without that being later revealed.  They could still change their bills, but all of their changes will become documented, and thus potentially  politically incriminating.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-01 15:07:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Electronic locksmiths are watching you (Belgium's ban onPGP) 
I hope by now you've seen my reply about the treaty issue.  I wasn't particularly focussing on the question of what Europe will do qua Europe, but how the treaty issue could be abused in the US.  Here is the section of the US Constitution which is relevant, and which I mentioned  by reference before:
Article VI
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constituion or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
I do not believe that this section was intended to mean that the _citizens_ of the US are bound by treaty obligations; That would be illogical, treaties are agreements between governments. Treaties are inherently intended to govern relations with foreign countries, not legal or political circumstances within a particular country.  Treaties may AFFECT citizens, such as extradition treaties, immigration/emigration treaties, and passport requirements, but the citizen doesn't "agree" with them. That's evidenced by the fact that treaties are ratified by only the US Senate, the body with two Senators from each state.  (The House has proportional representation, based on the population of each state.)  The intent, I suggest, was that treaties were supposed to be interpreted as applying to the country, while laws applied to the individual.
(Since you're Canadian, and for other non-US readers, I should point out that when the US Constitution was being drafted and debated, citizens were strongly loyal to their state, not the country as a whole, and there was a debate concerning how the representation in the Federal legislature should be divvied up.  Obviously, large states wanted proportional representation, small states wanted "n-votes-per-state."  The compromise was to have two houses, one of each kind of system. (House=proportional, Senate=2 votes per state.))  Laws have to be passed by both houses to become valid; treaties, on the other hand, only need to be ratified by the Senate.  In any case, since laws can be declared unconstitutional I think it's implicit that there can be such a thing as an "unconstitutional treaty," or at least one if declared to be binding on the citizens would be in violation of the Constitution.  If, for example, the US government decided that it wanted to take away free speech rights from its citizens, to name an obviously fantastic example, it could arguably write a treaty with, say, Mexico, "agreeing" that free-speech rights will not apply to the citizens of each country.  While in practice such an extreme example would never fly and would not be tested (fortunately!) I have read that this section is opportunistically interpreted as if a treaty can be assumed to bind the citizens and not merely the government.  I believe there was a treaty in the middle 1960's called something like "Single Issue Treaty on Narcotics" which led directly to a massive re-write of the drug laws in the US.  In view of the fact that today, probably 70% of the inmates in US prisons are there on drug charges, it is obvious that this treaty had a long-lasting internal effect, far beyond what a person might have expected at the time.
Whether or not this interpretation could still work in today's changed political climate, I don't know, but it's obvious that portions of the US government would dearly love to control encryption in particular and communications in general.  Since telecommunications is one of those subjects that is covered by past treaties, and can be expected to be covered by future ones, I believe that American citizens need to be particularly concerned about the government sneaking in laws in the "back door," made by treaty, as opposed to the "front door", made by both the House and Senate and subject to Presidential veto.  (Not that I have much respect for the latter, either, but that system is a bit easier to control.)
If anything, I think there needs to be an explicit prohibition written into law prohibiting the enforcement of anti-crypto treaty terms on the citizens, or even better a law requiring that all future telecommunications treaties to which the US is a party not contain any regulations or restrictions on crypto.  But I'm not hopeful about this.
There is probably much about Europe which is superior to the US, but they do have a problem with social and political stratification given their long history.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-01 15:37:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
That's okay; it was only a small slip.
Small.  Maybe the same magnitude as that secretary who said that Vincent Foster's body was first found in "the parking lot" rather than "the park."  Right?  (I don't really even care about Vincent Foster, BTW.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-01 15:42:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
Why are you the second person to use the term "conspiracy" when  I didn't mention such a thing?  Got "conspiracies" on your brain, Tim?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-01 17:12:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Former CIA Director and *Strategic Investment* Editor 
However, you haven't explained why mere "observance" would translate into a call to the cops (if that's what happened; according to the reports it did) under those circumstances.  I can observe a lot that doesn't necessarily induce me to drag the cops into it.
Initially, I was thinking that perhaps the neighbors might have become suspicious, walked over and saw a capsized canoe.  However, according to another item the canoe was over 400 yards from the house, which is sufficiently far to make it difficult to see along many shorelines.  Do you have an alternative explanation?
It's odd.  You're the third person to use the term "conspiracy" when I haven't mentioned the word.  Somehow, I think that you guys must be misusing the term "conspiracy" when what you really mean is something else.  Why not pick up an OED, an choose a better word.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-02 10:43:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Freedom and security 
I disagree.  Plenty of laws do not increase freedom, nor leave it at its former level.  They decrease freedom. Moreover, they usually do it without increasing the level of "security" of the ordinary citizen.
If all the government did was to "protect citizens from predators" the government would be dramatically smaller than it is today.
Ya wanna play "chicken"?
Which "community"?
Does the amount of crime which is demonstrably on the Internet, today, actually justify the interest shown by government agencies?  Or, more likely, they are merely using whatever crime exists to foist regulations and control for their own hidden agenda?
To whatever extent that exists, it will be stopped.
I have different opinions about what is "inevitable."  But I won't get into that right now.
Maybe it really _IS_ a "new form of society"?  Maybe that's exactly why the government-and-control-types are terrified.  Let it alone a few more years and it'll come back and destroy the control they currently have.
Could you be more specific?  And why is the government passing bad laws?  Could it be that their goal is not more freedom, but is in fact less?  And why should you do anything to support the government that's passing those bad laws?
I don't think it does.  Cumulatively, we're better off if everybody has unbreakable security, because it'll assist the ordinary citizen more than it would assist a hypothetical criminal.
But government is not neutral.
And less work for agents of the government to do.  That's what terrorizes them!
Laws being broken does not equate to less freedom.  The presence of those laws is what produces less freedom.
I think the ordinary citizen has far more to fear from the government than the criminals.  For one thing, it is the actions of the government (by passing victimless-crime laws) which actually put a great deal of profit into crimes.   Well, then stop sending any.  Or get your head straight on this "freedom thing."  People will view you as being dangerous if you keep talking the way you have been.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.comJim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-02 14:49:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Burns bill? 
It has been over a month since we first heard that Burns was going to introduce a bill to free up encryption software exports.  It isn't here, yet, as you may have noticed.  However, I don't think that's the real problem.  The real problem is that we have seen essentially no information on it, and we (by we, I mean the entire Internet community) have not had an opportunity to study it and comment BEFORE it is introduced in Congress.
See, the usual practice of introducing it in Congress first and only then letting the public see the bill is, by my way of thinking, an example of extreme rudeness on the part of the politicians.  Bills are far easier to change before they've been officially filed, which I suppose is the point.  We're not getting the opportunity to fix minor mistakes, or at least make Burns (or any other supporter) aware of them.  This is a glaring "take it or leave it" philosophy, one that we should reject.  Does he really intend to insult us? I see no reason to believe that Burns should be able to produce an adequate bill with the assistance of only industry lobbyists, but not the help of other citizens of varying degrees of expertise.  Burns should immediately release the text of the bill developed up until now, and then wait at least a few weeks before introducing it formally, after changes are proposed, considered, and accepted.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 10:45:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: No Subject 
If anybody wants to join me in expressing displeasure at being left out of the crafting of this "Burns bill" which ostensibly loosens up export controls on encryption software, here is his address.
conrad_burns at burns.senate.govJim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 11:31:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [History] USPS tried to monopolize email? (c. 1981) 
There was a service of this kind, that was implemented about that time frame (1982?).  Don't recall the name.  However, I don't think they got any kind of explicit monopoly.  It wasn't particularly successful, as I recall, probably because of the low penetration of computers into business during that time frame.  But it was probably intended as a way around the "chicken-and-egg" problem that you can't use email unless the the recipient does, etc.
Recall that the use of faxes "exploded" in about 1985:  Before this, faxes were rare and they were probably primarily used for inter-office communication. (If only 10% of the businesses own faxes, then only (10%x10%=1% of communications can be completed by fax;  If 90% have faxes, 90%x90%=81% can be.)  After this, and by about 1986 or so, just about every ad in industry-type magazines listed a fax number for communications.  We're seeing an echo of this for e-mail, 10 years later.  Within a year, it'll be rare to see an ad that _doesn't_ list an email address.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 13:54:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.15 - Legislation Challenges Clinton's Grip on US Crypto Policy 
What, exactly, is the point of such a provision that would limit key length?  Since the classifications of encryption export software seem to allow any keylength, why should there be an exception for others?  I think they should give specific examples of hardware or software whose export would not be allowed, and more particularly an explanation why an exception is needed in those cases.  We really need to know what they're thinking about, here.  It isn't obvious why, and generally I've found that whenever laws carve out exceptions, there are substantial reasons for those exceptions, although not necessarily "good" reasons.  Notice, for example, that there appears to be a distinction between hardware and software. (although, in the bill, it does list both hardware and software.)    As we all should understand, the distinction ought to be meaningless, but one of our goals should be to allow the unrestricted export of good-encryption telephones which have their encryption done  in hardware.  That doesn't appear to be the case, and I think this is a telling limitation.  The law will practically guarantee that no factories to build good crypto phones get sited in the US.
However, a look at the actual bill shows nothing which specifically limits things to 56-bit keys, although it seems to make an unusual distinction, allowing exports "in any foregin country to which those exports of computers software and computer hardware of similar capability are permitted for use by financial institutions..."  The problem, as I see it, is that this is practically an open invitation to foreign countries to pass laws which are specifically intended to restrict encryption.  We should not be encouraging them to do this.  Some explanation is definitely in order!
BTW, that brings us to another issue:  The bill should specifically prohibit restrictions on the IMPORTATION of any kind of encryption systems, either hardware and software.
Redundant.  The 1st amendment should already do this.  I have no objection to them re-stating Constitutional protections, but it should label them as Ditto.  But more importantly, I think it ought to be prohibited from even _encouraging_ the use of such systems, which as we all know the government can do by abusing its power.  It should be prohibited from spending any money to develop those standards, as well as prohibiting government from encouraging the use of those standards, etc.
All in all, a substantial improvement over the Leahy bill, but it could still use a little work.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 18:41:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: EET on PGP API Quash 
Not much.
I seem to recall a quote from Dorothy Denning a couple of months ago where she actually held out API's as a way to get around the ITAR restrictions.  It sounds to me like even that was too much for them!
In any case, this position is very desperate.  Those of us who recall old Altair computers remember a time where even a "file" was a foreign concept.  Files are, arguably, a standardized format on which encryption programs work.  Are they going to stop the export of MSDOS?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.comJim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 18:56:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: proposed anti-pseudospoofing law in Georgia 
Yes, they are.
Apparently, very much so.
Not if legislators keep pushing their luck...
Only as far as is mutually agreed.  If two people want to do business, we can reasonably expect that they will do so under whatever conditions they can agree to.  If one of those conditions is that they require ID from the other, fine.  The problem comes when third parties (like, for instance, government) requires it; that's wrong.
I don't think it's apocalyptic.  But that's because I think there's a permanent solution to their meddling.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 19:26:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
The story I heard (about 1983) was that IBM had pulled a rather fast one on Digital Research, the source of CP/M for 8080's and CP/M 86.  They lured DR into an exclusive contract in which they offered to pay a percentage of the sales to DR on CP/M 86 for the IBM PC, but then deliberately offered it at such a high price (about $250 or so) that "nobody" wanted it.  Because the contract was "exclusive" even Digital Research was locked out of the market.  By the time that contract expired the market was firmly in the hands of MSDOS. In effect, DR had sold the entire market for a song.  Had they been more careful it might have been a horse race. This was identified as an intentional tactic of IBM, BTW.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.comJim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-03 20:24:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bit tax again? 
I hesitate to write about this, but the old "bit tax" idea has surfaced again, this time reported in Electronic Engineering Times, page 1, April 29, 1996 issue.   I include the article below.  My comments will follow in another note shortly!
Europe:  Try to send it, we'll tax your bits
By Peter Clarke
Brussels, Belgium-- A report prepared for the European Commission (EC) urges it to consider levying a "bit tax" on information sent over the Internet and other networks.  The recommendation runs counter to the reining sentiment among U.S. regulators, who have sought to avoid being cast as "bit cops."
The EC report reasons that the value of the average cyberspace transaction will increase as time goes by, resulting in fewer physical transactions.  The upshot, the report says, will be a shrinking government tax base.  Evidence of such a trend may already have surfaced:  Use fo the Internet to import goods and services electronically from outside the continent has allowed some Europeans to avoid payments under Europe's value-added-tax (VAT) system.
Luc Soete--director of the Maastricht Economic Research Institute on Innovation and Technology (Limburg, Netherlands) and chairman of the high Level Expert Group (HLEG) that prepared the report on the social aspects of the information society--has examples at the read to prove the potential of Internet commerce to erode the tax base.  Soete observed last week that sending his group's report by mail or courier, rather than electronically, would involve taxes on fuel purchases and on the profits fo the companies involved in physically shuttling the document to recipients.  "As society moves toward the information society, tax revenue needs to shift emphasis from material goods to virtual goods and services," he said.  I think we will see a very rapid introduction [of such a tax structure] in one or two years' time."
Soete said he believes the tax "can be introduced in a very straightforward way.  Every telephone operator and service provider has a record of the bytes moved.  They can be the tax collectors."
He acknowledged the prevailing "negative view about a bit tax" and attributed it in part of "concern that it could inhibit adoption of information technology.   But once people have the technology, not many would go back.  Whether the tax is 1 cent per bit or 1 cent per kbit is, of course, completely open."
At the same time, U.S. regulators, who hope to expand Internet access to schools, libraries and low-income individuals, have resisted efforts to cast them in the role of bit cops charged with monitoring Internet traffic.
Free Internet
The Federal Communications Commission, which has conducted a series of highly profitable spectrum auctions for wireless and satellite services, last week proposed reserving some wireless spectrum for free Internet access for schools and libraries.
Soete last week cast the bit tax as a progressive levy that would fall hardest on big business and that would not deter private individuals from joining the information society.  Indeed, the potential of the information revolution to further polarize society is among the concerns expressed in the report.
Soete believes the bit-tax should be used to fund social security or welfare.  "Labor can no longer be the source of revenue for social security," he said.
Steve Kennedy, business-development manager at the Internet service provider Demon Internet Ltd. (London) doesn't share Soete's positive view of the bit tax.  "Such a tax would be very difficult to monitor and police," Kennedy asserted.  "We transfer about 1.5 Gbytes of data a day, but we don't keep a lot of customer information.  Who's going to pay for the equipment and software to log all this?"
He added that if his company was "simply taxed on the data transfer, we would have to pass it on to the customers, and that would penalize the small The HLEG report is lavelled as an interim document that is intended to generate public comment.  The final report will be published by year's end.  The interim report can be accessed from  Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:25:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bit tax again? 
This is a poor reason to adopt a so-called "bit tax."  One obvious problem is that a 1-kilobyte letter in which I order thousands of dollars worth of goods is simply not comparable (in "value")  to a 1-megabyte telephone conversation (the amount of data transferred, in one direction, in a 2-minute phone call.)  If they want to implement a "bit tax" to replace lost revenue, they're left with either taxing bits so high that they recoup the "lost" revenue in the 1-kbyte letter, or reducing the "bit tax" to the level which makes transmission of low-profit items like Internet phone calls, GIFs, or audio files possible.  The former won't do any good; the latter is totally unacceptable.
Governments may be worried about losing tax revenue, in general, but they are (as usual) FOS.  The development of information technology may reduce tax revenues, but if it does, it does this by bypassing the use of services that would have otherwise been necessary.   To use the example in the article, if I buy something over the Internet, as opposed to physically driving 20 miles to get it, and it is (efficiently) shipped to me by some method such as UPS, that represents a substantial reduction in the amount of gas I use, the wear and tear on my car, usage of roads, etc.   _IF_ taxes exist to pay for some of these kinds of costs, _if_ a more efficient system of product-ordering is developed to eliminate these costs, then (logically) the need for those services is reduced.  That means that taxes should drop Soete proves my point.  There is a decreasing need for those delivery services, now, so it is logical that costs should be reduced proportionately, including taxes.  However, if we look at the situation by pessimistically assuming that the government wants to maintain its revenue no matter what, it's obvious that Soete's position is "logical" from his limited standpoint.  The problem is that carried to its ultimate extreme, if technology completely eliminated the need for the services that governments currently provide, those same governments would still want the same amount of revenue!  This kind of thinking only makes sense to governement employees.
This quote seems to assume that tax revenues should be just about as constant and unavoidable as death and...uh...taxes.  I would sure like to see some hint of recognition that tax revenues SHOULD fall as a consequence of technological progress.
This is probably the most outrageous and hilarious thing he is saying.  If anything, practically no software today has any ability to collect the kind of information he thinks is already being collected.
That's a straw man.  What a "bit tax" would do is to skew the market in favor of "low-bit" services, and against high ones.  Sending a GIF or an audio file would become cost-prohibitive, while email would stay cheap.  While, arguably, there are reasons to charge more for more bits (more transmission capacity is necessary), the amount of that extra charge would probably be exceedingly small if it were "fair."
He completely misunderstands the inability of the system to know the "value" of a given transmitted bit, and without this information the only system left is a flat tax-per-bit which would be entirely impractical.
This is bullshit.  He's just trying to sucker the great unwashed into believing that taxing the Internet is a way to make the other guy pay the toll.  It won't work.
Not a prayer!  He's trying to get the geezers to look upon the Internet as a cash cow.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-05 04:56:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 25 April 1996 
FAIK, the prohibition on encryption applies only to hams transmitting on amateur radio frequencies.  It wouldn't cover this kind of thing.
I agree that encryption is going to be vital in this case, say 1024-bit RSA or better.  Thus encrypted, it would be even better if the there was also a law which prohibited _the government_ from picking up these transmissions or attempting to decrypt them.
Another useful purpose of such a "supernet" would be alternative telephone system competition.  At this data rate, we're talking about the equivalent of 500+ simultaneous phone call capacity.  That's enough to serve perhaps 5000 homes or more.
Remember, however, that VLSI technology is the company that built Clipper...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-05 07:15:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Bit Tax" proposed by satan@hell.gov 
I just read the first few pages of the url, and skimmed a few more, and it's obviously a pile of socialist, politically-correct, statist liberal claptrap.  They're more interested in maintaining their little interdependant world than anything else.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-05 15:35:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Money Laundering Conference with Government Types 
I wonder how long it's going to take before these "money-launderers" learn that by taking, say, 10% of the amount of money they launder in one year, they can eliminate the people trying to stop them.  Forever.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.comJim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-06 03:58:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
Hmmmm.   Now that's a crime I hadn't heard of.  Tell me more!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-06 07:44:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Money Laundering Conference with Government Types 
Nah, what happened to Escobar was a business falling-out.  His business partners, the thugs in the US and Colombian governments, provided the illegality of drugs, a necessary element in keeping profits up.  Escobar provided the drug trafficking, a necessary element in keeping thug...er...police employment high.  It was a great system; worked for years and is still generally operational.  Escobar must have done something to upset the arrangement, like refusing to pay off his handlers or maybe going out of business, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-06 18:38:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FW: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
Let's turn this around, shall we?  I have a theory that within the next few years, one of the biggest users of these off-shore accounts will be government employees who see their worlds crashing down around them, and they want to be able to escape the country with their loot.  Maybe the most useful task we could accomplish would be to identify them for later targeting.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:18:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
The attribution above is in error.  I didn't type those lines above.Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-07 17:20:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on Internet connections 
I'm glad to see that somebody's addressing this issue.  It seems to me that if all the people on a given suburban block want some sort of low-cost, alternative method to access networks, they should be able to install some sort of centralized switchbox and run the cabling themselves down their back fence.  Where is industry on this sort of thing?  Why can't we buy such a Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-07 18:13:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The FBI/NSA's new escrow argument, DC crypto panel 
Maybe there's a sort of backhanded solution to this.  I recall the story that, in the early 1970's, it was sport in MIT's AI Labs to try to crash the Unix computer.  More and more protections were added, which eventually were worked around with more failures.  Eventually, they found a beautiful solution:  Add a command to the operating system, "Crash the computer!" which did exactly this.  Suddenly, this goal became devalued, and nobody wanted to crash the computer anymore.
Okay, what if a foreign distributor (very tiny, perhaps) was set up that loudly proclaimed that it would sell any crypto only legally available in the US, but had been smuggled out by people unknown and sent to it anonymously.  (It would verify the genuineness by sending it back into the US, for verification, etc.)  It announces that it is pleased to sell to everybody ESPECIALLY "terrorists, child-pornographers, drug smugglers, and other criminals."   To keep from angering the software writers themselves, it would pay appropriate royalties to those whose works they had sold, but obviously they wouldn't ask permission to do this.
At that point, any argument against the export of such software will fail, because the software already has a willing supplier overseas.  Yes, this is the way it already it, sorta, but the difference is that there is nobody who enthusiastically claims that this is exactly what they're doing.  Representatives of such a distributor can be called upon to appear at any debates, hearings, or other activities in order to spoil the arguments of Denning et al.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-08 13:42:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
You seem to be forgetting that one of the provisions of (I believe) the 1986 tax act was that capital gains would be indexed  for inflation.  However, the sleazy politicians only scheduled it (the indexing process) for about 1990 or so, and by 1990 they managed to get that idiot Bush to agree to drop it.  I don't know the details, but this is yet another of the reasons I have no qualms about advocating a system for solving the "politician problem" by putting them 6 feet under.
Lawyers who profit from an abusive system may disagree, of course.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-08 14:08:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
Well, you can play all the word-games you want, but many people use the term "tax bracket" to mean the amount of tax they pay as a proportion of income.  (Too bad the IRS hasn't yet defined the term "income"!)    Since inflationary gains on assets shouldn't be counted as "income" at all, people end up paying a larger proportion of their income as taxes due to this.  Go ahead, play games, but ultimately the amount they write on the check will be increased as a result of inflation.  I doubt whether they would be in any mood to accept a picky technical definition.
It is these people that will eventually decide that it's better to pay money to go to government employees' detriment, rather than benefit.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-08 14:51:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Police tactics question 
Here's a question:  Why can't we do stings OF POLICE, not by police?  If they can mail porno to people and have them arrested, why can't we identify thug-types on the net, email them porno (perhaps from out of the country, to keep the sender legal) and then break into their houses and arrest them?
What?  What's sauce for the goose ISN'T sauce for the gander?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-08 16:01:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ecash payee anonymity, cpunk archives 
I think that was about a week before Colby disappear, wasn't it?  B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-09 15:30:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Leahy bill dead? 
Maybe this seems a bit redundant, but is it generally agreed "out there" that the Leahy bill is dead?  When originally proposed, the conventional wisdom around here was that the Clinton Maladministration was going to be dead-set against it. (Not a bad guess...)  It was also claimed that it couldn't be changed to fix it.  (although one of the nyms that claimed this hasn't been seen around here since then...)    Since then, most if not all of the people and groups who might otherwise have been in favor of it have, likewise, turned against it.  And while the Burns bill isn't totally out of the woods, I assume "we" (the people on the right side of the cryto argument)  can all agree that it is at least better than Leahy's booby-trap.  So does that spell the end of the Leahy bill?  The reason I mention this is because it was my suspicion that, contrary to conventional wisdom, the "anti-crypto" faction designed the Leahy bill to be as anti-crypto as they felt they could pass, including just enough bait to get us to take the hook.  Obviously, that tactic failed.  However, if I'm right we'll seem some life in the carcass yet.
Obviously, this is a highly longshot prediction.  "Nobody" is supposed to be for the Leahy bill now.  But I'm reminded of the last 20 minutes of the movie, "Terminator"...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-11 14:25:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
As might be expected, the math on this just doesn't seem to work out.  If we assume that the average school has 500 students, and 1/2 of the telephone-using households have at least one kid in school (on average) then 1000 telephone households at $120 extra per year, or $120,000 per school, is available to wire it.  That's a HELL of a lot of wire!!!  And that's just for a single year.   Why not just teach a few high school students wiring, pay them 2x the minimum wage, and give them a good summer job doing the wiring?
As for subsidizing rural customers...  Why not just install a cellular telephone site in an area that's too dispersed for efficient wireline telephones?  And most of these people are probably already in an area served by cellular.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-12 17:23:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Again: [hrdware] anti-Tempest video settings 
equipment can
It's probably worth investigating. Chances are good that as long as the total beam current remains as constant as possible, the signal will be much harder to interpret.  One way to investigate this comparatively easily is to measure the total power consumption of a monitor when the screen is filled with different colors at different saturations, etc.  Supply the AC to the monitor through a 1-ohm resistor, measure the AC voltage across the resistor to 1 mv accuracy or better, and you have a pretty good way to distinguish different beam currents.
 I'm waiting for cheap flat-panel displays for desktop computers to arrive, because they will probably be almost impossible to detect usably by Tempest Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-13 19:34:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Accidental subscriber needs help off of list. 
I'm just another subscriber to the list; I can't see any indication that you've sent your message to the list itself.  I will forward this response to the list; somebody should see it and be able to help.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-15 19:14:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
The goal, obviously, is to make the cost of collection of $1 in taxes sufficiently expensive  so that they can't do it economically.  But let me draw an analogy:  The easiest form of shooting is paper target practice:  The target is fixed.  More difficult is trap and skeet, where the target moves.  More difficult still is hunting, where the target (animals) is at least somewhat intelligent and usually very mobile, as well as camouflaged.  This is analogous to encryption.  But the most difficult form of shooting is war, in which the "target" can shoot back.
If a computer model could be constructed of it, I think you'd find that the most effective way to avoid taxation is to invest money to target those doing the collection.  In fact, I'll go so far as to say that it would probably cost less than 10 cents to prevent the collection of $1 worth of tax, and probably closer to a penny.  Any analysis of the destruction of the state is incomplete without considering such a scenario.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-15 19:52:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Past one terabit/second on fiber 
In the April 1996 issue of Fiber Optic Product news, there is an article on a Lucent Technologies (formerly Bell Labs...no relation...sigh...) product which wavelength-multiplexes quantity 8, 2.5 Gb/second signals on a single fiber, for a total of 20 Gb/sec.  This is a real, purchaseable system.  On the same page is a somewhat more experimental system, done by Corning and Siemens, in which eight channels at 10 Gb/sec each were transmitted on a single Corning fiber.
"Wow", I said.  Far faster than the 2.5 Gb/sec transmission that is currently fairly standard for long-haul fiber trunks. I wasn't prepared, however, for page 38, in an article titled "Research Teams Achieve 1 Trillion bits a Second."  In fact, three separate groups did this.  I copy the article below.
CP relevance?  Well, the justification the government uses to regulate the airwaves, via the FCC, is that the available bandwidth is limited, which it is.  But that argument has never been true with fiber, at least in theory, and is becoming even less true in practice.  For example, that recent flap over Internet-based long-distance telephone interconnects (LD companies don't want competition) is based on the fact that the normal providers of these services want to get their dime a minute rates come hell or high water. Sure, that's a might cheaper than it was a decade ago.   But with fiber transmission probably less than 1/100th the cost of older coaxial transmission systems, per connection, it is unclear why they're even continuing to meter LD phone calls.  Even if we only consider that 20 Gb/second fiber from Lucent, that is equivalent to about 300,000 simultaneous voice calls.  With a standard, 36-fiber cable, that represents 18x300,000 two-way calls, or about 4.8 million calls.  This is probably far greater than the maximum number of people on LD in the US at any given time, and that's just a single cable trunk.
If we assume that the fiber cable costs $1/meter per fiber, and the cost of trenching, burial, and interconnects raise this to $10/meter/fiber, and if we generously assume that the average LD call goes 3000 miles (5,000,000m), that call occupies 1/150,000th of a $50 million fiber for a few minutes.  If we suppose that the fiber has to gross $100,000,000 per year to pay for itself, and even if it's only operating at an average 10% load level(both assumptions are pessimistic, that only works out to a cost of 1.3 cents per minute per call.  That's why these LD phone companies are so scared:  If we can transmit Internet on fiber, that fiber can accept this extra traffic at very low marginal cost.
Part of article follows:
"Research teams Achieve 1 Trillion bits a second"
Debra Norman, Editor in Chief.
Three research teams achieved their ultimate goal by sending the most information possible over optical fiber. The scientists, including a 12-member group from AT&T Research, Bell Laboratories, Lucent Technologies, reported in post-deadline papers at the Optical Fiber Conference held recently in San Jose, Calif., that they had sent one terabit of information over non-zero-dispersion fiber in a second's time.  In short, it is similar to transmitting the contents of 1,000 copies of a 30-volume encyclopedia in one second.  The researchers had not expected to send that much data until at least the year 2000.
In the paper, the group described a 1 Tb/s transmission experiment that utilized WDM [wavelength division multiplexing] and polarization multiplexing.
The outputs of 25 lasers were multiplexed using star couplers and waveguide grating routers.  The wavelengths ranged from 1542 nm (channel 1) to 1561.2 nm (channel 25) with 100 GHz channel spacing.  All lasers were external-cavity lasers except for channel 16, which used a DFB laser.  Four of the laser outputs (channels 10,11,17, and 25) were amplified and filtered before multiplexing.  The multiplexed wavelengths were then amplified and propagatedthrough an polarization beamsplitter to align al the polarizations.  Polarization controllers at the output of each laser allowed independent polarization control for each source.
The 25 co-polarized wavelengths were split by a 3-dB coupler, separatedly modulated by LiNbO3 Mach-Zehnder modulators, and then recombined with orthogonal polarizations in a PBS.  The modulators have a small-signal bandwidth of 18 GHz and built-in polarizers.  The 20 Gb/s NRZ drive signals were produced by electronically multiplexing two 10-Gb/s 215-1 pseudorandom bit streams using a commercial GaAs multiplexer.
Two other groups from Japan, Fujitsu and Nippon Telephone and Telegraph Co., also submitted papers reporting that they reached the terabit mark.  All three groups achieved the record with different experiments.  Scientists from NTT demonstrated 100 Gb/s x 10 channel (1 Tb/s), error-free transmission of all the 10 channels over a 40 km dispersion-shifted fiber using a low-noise single supercontinuum WDM source fitted with a newly developed arrayed-waveguide grating demultiplexer/multiplexer.  By fully utilizing the super-broad bandwidth of the SC spectra over 200 nm, up to 5 Tb/s would be possible.
Fujitsu researchers achieved 1.1 Tb/s (55 wavelengths x 20 Gb/s) WDM transmission over 150 km of 1.3 mm [?] zero-dispersion singlemode fiber using preemphasis and dispersion compensating fiber with a negative dispersion slope.  BER [bit error rate] degradation was not observed in any channel, even without channel-by-channel dispersion adjustment.
[end of quoted portion]
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-16 13:44:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Past one terabit/second on fiber 
Yes, I should clarify that the article indicated that the whole system will be available in the "second quarter of 1996."  They say the fiber itself, "TrueWave" is available now.
did True.  In fact, it may be that we simply don't need that rate of transmission yet.  Maybe somebody familiar with routers can tell us what kind of CPU horsepower would be required to do that effectively.  Economics dictates that such an extraordinarily fast and multiplexed system would only be used when it is cheaper than the alternative, using multiple lower-speed fibers.  If anything, I think the main impediment to the use of the higher rates is fact that fiber signals must be broken down whereever the fiber is terminated, and the cost of that termination would be astronomical if it had to handle 1 Tb/s.  Chances are good that one of the few places that such a system would be economical would be long-haul undersea cables where breakouts are rare and terminations are few.
I was figuring they'd cut out silences...as well as echo-suppression cutouts.   Do they still do this?  Given modern fiber's capacity, I wonder if they bother.
There's also a lot of 'dark fiber' out there, right?  Fiber laid as part of a cable but not activated, because it's not yet needed.  I got a look at a segment of the operation that laid a cable from Seattle (Vancouver BC?) to around San Francisco, about 5 years ago.  Got a chance to talk to an engineer, and ask a bunch of technical questions.  They laid three smaller (2" or so) plastic tubes in a larger outer tube, and the engineer said they'd later blow a cable through a single tube with compressed air.  He said they had no current plans to fill the other two tubes, because of lack of need.  And at the rate the fiber companies are improving transmission rates, it is unclear whether they will ever run out of capacity in such If My numbers are not totally a WAG (wild-ass guess) but they are probably out of date even if they had any resemblence to the truth a few years ago.  I'd appreciate hearing more accurate figures if you know them.  Don't divulge company secrets or anything; I'm only interested in ballpark figures for the industry as a whole.
This suggests that there would be a market for a LD phone company that charged, say, a yearly payment of $200-300 for essentially unlimited use.  (The main impediment to this would be regulatory; as I understand it LD companies have to pay local telco's for connections on a per-minute connect basis.  Is that right?  This needs to get fixed.)   Their billing costs would be very small. I think the market will have to migrate towards such services.  A backup fiber is an asset whose capacity can be easily "mined" for a substantial payback.  True, its availability is not particularly reliable, but that's exactly what the Internet was intended to be able to use, right?  I suspect that the real reason Internet hasn't migrated to such transmission systems is simply that its needs still don't demand anywhere close to the current-available fiber technology.  However, if traffic is tripling per year we'll need to see a substantial migration to full-fiber links within 3-5 years.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-16 16:28:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Past one terabit/second on fiber 
Reminds me of an old joke:  "This computer's so fast it does an infinite loop in 5 seconds!"
They probably just wanted to establish that it could be done, to show that this wasn't dependant on high-cost laser systems.  External cavity lasers raise cost and size substantially, but in a laboratory setting they're the most convenient to use.
It's an old habit, I suppose.  It's hard to explain "one trillion", at least to non-tech types.  A good modern replacement might be to say, "200 CDROM's per second", except that even today most people don't know how much storage a CDROM represents.  "16 million one-way phone calls" is also helpful as a Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 05:19:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
But what I'm looking for is full payee/payor anonymity.  (three guesses as to why...)   Can you do this?  If not, why not?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 14:15:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Past one terabit/second on fiber 
Yes, I do!  Because these activities don't just happen by themselves, they take the place of other activities which were formerly done in their place.  The trivial example of sending letters has been replaced by email.  Shopping (by foot or by car) is now a web activity. Telecommuting for many is an option, and will be more so in the future.   In fact, I would say that one of the best results of Internet connectivity has been a strong increase in political awareness.  We just recently had the "Tax Freedom Day" which should alert you that our own time has been co-opted by government for its own ends.  Web activity is low-energy consuming, not particularly risky, and is actually fun for many.  Eventually, people may take "Virtual Reality Vacations" where they can visit without travel.  Since you spend more time at home, you are less subject to crime.
Is this progress?  Damn right it is!  It saves gas, food, human lives, and what will eventually be a great deal of money that won't have to be spend on transportation facilities.  It will eventually get us out from under the yoke of tyranny, which should be the ultimate goal.
True, it's _different_ than what we're used to, but that's okay.  If anything, that's why some people will resist it, but that doesn't make them Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 17:17:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
Remember the old saying, "The best defense is a good offense."    Another way to say it is to notice that it's usually far easier to disrupt another person's intricate activities than to do them yourself:  In a contest in a closed room between a person building a house of cards and another person trying to knock them down, the latter person can be expected to easily win.  Making a profit or salary is work; compared to this, collecting taxes is like knocking it down, and the tax collector has an advantage.  But if you turn this around, and attack the attacker, the advantage is now in the hands of those trying to paralyze the tax system.
On the other hand, the government also has enormous "obligations" that keep it close to bankruptcy.  It wouldn't take a great deal of interference in its ability to collect taxes to put it solidly in the red based on current receipts.  And remember, if the individuals who populate government could be persuaded that their tenure would be forcibly shortened if they didn't resign, they wouldn't stick around.  Once that cohesiveness of jointly sucking on the government tit is eliminated, I think they'll cut and run.   These people are working for a fat paycheck and the promise of a retirement package, and it wouldn't take much convincing to show them that they won't get either for very long.  I'm convinced that's why so many Senators and Representatives are leaving office at the end of their current term, for instance.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 17:49:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Past one terabit/second on fiber 
I think there are a number of reasons you shouldn't have to worry, at least about these technologies per se.  What these technologies do is dramatically lower the cost of supplying the service, both allowing the usual providers to cut prices and in fact forcing them (via the market) to do so.  Fiber, for example, lasts "forever," and effectively has an unlimited bandwith compared to most needs, which means that it has little cost other than the initial installation, amortized over time.
You might as well forget about this 1 Tb/s fiber, for example.  In order to justify such a thing, you need to have 1 Tb/s of information that you want to take from "here" to "there".  A city of 1 million people would have to have a 1 Mbit/sec/person data appetite to fill that fiber, and you'd have to have a huge data infrastructure just to collect all that data in the same place.  (Which would, in itself, require a mass of fibers of lower capacities.)   There would probably be no need for this, either, since the data would probably not all be coming from/going to the same location.  Probably the only place where 1 Tb/s fiber will be needed in the next 20+ years is undersea links, and even that is questionable.
There's also the "all the eggs in one basket" problem.  Send your data on 12, 80 Gb/s fibers and you have substantial redundancy.  Send it on one fiber and you're more subject to downtime due to individual component failure.
Secondly, fiber can be upgraded in an exceedingly economical, though granular way.  As I observed a few years ago, a given cable way initially had only a single cable installed though it had capacity for three.  And some of the fibers installed were probably not used immediately, due to lack of need.  Finally, the fiber was probably only driven initially at a comparatively low speed (maybe 400 megabits/s, for example) but could have been later upgraded to 2.5 Gb/s, or perhaps even higher.  Upgrading under those conditions is extremely cheap.
The main thing we need to worry about is allowing those people with the fiber to exert influence over us to an extent greater than the cost of supplying that data-transmission service would reasonably allow.  (The nosy landlord problem.)  Ideally, they'd provide the fiber, we'd pay for it at a reasonable rate, and they'd be satisfied.  The alternative, a busybody policy, is only practical to force on customers when the product being supplied is supply-limited.  Since fiber cost is dropping like a rock, and capacity will outstrip demand for the forseeable future, there is no reason we should be limited to deal with only one organization.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 17:53:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Past one terabit/second on fiber 
place.  So you've found one specific instance where you don't think it's appropriate to send email.  Big deal!  Try again.
Want people to read books?  Okay, first put the hurdle in front of them that they must go to the library. (This is particularly a hurdle for children, when not in school, because they can't drive.)    Then, if the book(s) they want to read is already checked out, make them wait 1+ months until it returns.  Make them come back to the library to get it, and make them return it the same way.
See why some people DON'T read books?
You're misrepresenting form over substance.  Information is no more valuable or trustworthy on paper than on electrons.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 18:02:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
I think that Ed Carp recognizes that these caveats were somewhat valid based on a pre-Internet era, when control of news and information was relatively centralized in newspapers and TV networks.  Then, you were told what to think (although it wasn't quite phrased this way) and few people got an alternative story.   But as you correctly point out, it is getting harder to pull the wool over the eyes of the public when they can get alternative information. I don't think anybody in the media is going to have the guts to stick with the government as it sinks into the depths, torpedoed by its own technological inventions.  The big names can just resign and keep their wealth; the small fish have no long-term credibility or hope to achieve the levels of their predecessors.
I expect that few government workers have any idea how dangerous the net is going to be to them in the next few years.  The various proposals we've been seeing, such as Clipper and others, are probably the product of a very few strategists who began worrying in the early 1990's about the fate of centralized government systems.  It will be interesting, someday, to talk to these people who monitor us, and ask them when they thought their position was hopeless.
I understand your...uh...caution.  But as scary as it may be to "us," it's going to be even more terrifying to those it is likely to eliminate.  Sort of the difference between two parachute jumps:  With and without a parachute!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 19:20:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Too cheap to meter" 
Don't be so sure about that, Tim.  While it is probably true that service must be rationed, one way to do that is simply to charge based on the data rate of your modem.  When, soon, fiber normally runs at that 20 Gb/sec rate of this new AT+T fiber, that represents about 700,000 connections at 28.8kbps, solid.  Based on normal statistical useage, it's probably closer to 3-4 million connections.  And that's only one fiber.  Data-transmission companies need to make money, but they don't necessarily have to make that money by measuring actual transmitted data.  This is similar to cable-TV companies who (with the exception of pay-per-view) don't charge based on how long you watch TV.  The reason, obviously, is  that it is no more expensive for them  if you watch your TV 24 hours per day, than 5 minutes per day.  Since fiber optic systems don't wear out with usage, and their capacities are exceedingly large, it would certainly be possible for these companies to start charging based entirely on maximum transfer speed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-18 20:36:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why does the state still stand: 
It's not just for me.  I seem to recall a comment around here (Tim May, perhaps?) who said that when he first read of digital cash in the late 1980's, the feature of payee anonymity was present, and that he was surprised later to see early implementations not containing this.
Deal with the devil?
Any "complete" digital cash implementation has to provide for payee anonymity.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 00:01:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
The copyright issue is probably irrelevant to the Scientology dispute, anyway.  The material on which the copyright is claimed almost certainly wasn't marked, appropriately, as it would have had to be for the copyright to be valid.  While current law no longer requires the "circle-C" notation long used for this purpose, the material involved is far more than old enough to have been subject to this requirement, and once a copyright is lost (or not claimed) I believe it couldn't be regained.
The threat to remailers is one of the many reasons the Leahy bill sucked, and that would have made it worse by imposing criminal sanctions on this kind of thing.  Ironically, with the way remailers are used, it would actually have been possible for some copyright holder to fabricate a violation of copyright law by posting his own material through remailers, and then sue the final remailer, or have its owner prosecuted.
I'm glad the people around here finally saw the light.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 06:12:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Senator, your public key please? 
Gee, isn't it too bad that nobody has thought of a solution for all these politician-problems?    B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 06:49:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.19 - 27 Reps Urge President to Abandon Key-Escrow Encryption Policy 
You know, I really would appriciate it if CDT didn't present S1587 as if it is just another "relax restrictions on encryption" bill.  We raked that bill over the coals, found it seriously flawed, and generally pro-encryption people don't seem to be defending it at all. It contained many aspects which have the prospect of future danger to the use of encryption.
 And, S. 1726 seems to contain most of the desireable aspects of S.1587, and few of the negatives.  Add to that the fact that Leahy (as described above) seems to be supporting S. 1726, there is no need to make it appear to an uninformed person that S. 1587 that it is anything other than a mistake.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 07:30:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
It seems to me that if we consider that there are two separate functions remailers provide:
1.  Anonymization.
2.  Jurisdiction swapping
Then perhaps one way to improve the robustness of remailers against copyright-type legal attacks is to provide remailers with temporary (1-2 week) remail-only sites.  All material would be processed by the front end, then delivered in bulk to the other site.   This sounds similar to the idea you described.
That way, the remailer's "front end" can stay around for years, developing reputation.  Any attack on copyright would simply be an attack on the back end, which wouldn't last anyway.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 13:53:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Interactive Week exclusive - White House to launch "Clipper III" 
Typical boneheaded government!  At it yet again, I see.  I'd feel inclined to say something like "I predict that they will fail" but that might be This most recent outrage wouldn't even be compatible with the Leahy bill, bad as it was.
Even so, I was pleased to see that we had already managed to educate a number of people in Congress who already know that this plan is DOA.  That's progress, I guess.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 14:59:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
I resent that implication!  Tim May is always far more restrained, introspective, controlled, and cautious than I.   He approaches the subject of cyber-anarchy with nervous concern, I'm the one who jumps in with unrestricted glee.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-20 16:07:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
It should occur to all of us that if the NSA was actually doing the job we are vastly over-paying them to do, it is THEY who should be finding, exposing, and correcting these kinds of cryptography faults.  Has anybody ever heard any evidence that the NSA has ever acted in this sort of responsible role?
Another question:  If the government provided DSS, and it's now toast, and it provided Clipper...  Somebody ought to ask The Wicked.... er...  Dorothy Denning how she thinks we should be willing to trust the government's vetting of anything like Clipper when DSS may be flawed...and the government didn't find the error!
Think about it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-20 17:04:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, a political "newsgroup?" 
I happen to agree.  Information privacy, security, and freedom are definitely "on-topic" around here.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-21 16:48:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Absolutely!  Given the exponentially increasing rate of data transmission ease, and corresponding cost reduction per bit, any "reasonable" minimum payment today becomes an unreasonable one tomorrow, and a hilariously outrageous one 10 years from now.
Suppose the US Government had put a "information storage tax" on hard disks in about 1980, of about $10 per megabyte which would have worked out to be about 1/20 of the retail value at that time.  Today, a 1.6 gigabyte hard disk would cost about $1850, which would be $250 for the drive and $1600 for the tax...
Any more questions?
Many months ago, I suggested using the idea of "probabilistic payments," in which a person could make a very tiny purchase with a large coin, by in effect "gambling" with the payment:  You could buy a 0.1-cent email with a 1-cent coin, in which the likelihood of actually paying is 10%.  Statistically, both myself and the vendor will be happy in the long run.  An advantage of this system is that the payments can be made arbitrarily small and of indefinite granularity:  I can pay you 0.3156893 cents with only 1-cent coins.
I would be surprised if I was the first to think of such a system, at least in the ecash world, but I never heard anything to the contrary.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-21 18:22:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Is Chaum's System Traceable or Untraceable? 
Wouldn't it be interesting if someday, somebody paying for something with digital cash asked the shopkeeper "Why can't you give me change for my purchase?"  and the answer was, "If we could give you change, you could overthrow all the governments in the world."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 06:54:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns (fwd) 
But even "knowingly" needs to be carefully defined.  A remailer operator today KNOWS that his system COULD be used for illegal activities; he merely doesn't know that they are, currently.  I think that the definition should be so narrow that it is impossible for a third party (or the government itself)  to incriminate the remailer operator by having his system forward arguably illegal or copyright-violating material.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 07:05:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
Yes...but...   How can the NSA serve two masters?  If the NSA has the American public's best interests at heart, then it should have revealed the flaw if it knew of it. (Otherwise, it can't be trusted...)  If it did not, then it likewise should admit to this to show that their trustworthiness and reliability isn't particularly high and we shouldn't trust their opinions on Clipper etc.
It is at least arguable that the NSA might have a vested interest in allowing an enemy to continue to use a flawed encryption system, as in Enigma.   However, MD5 produces what ought to be secure hashes, right? A flaw in MD5 allows the person knowing the secret flaw to fake a file that produces a similar hash.  What interest could the NSA possibly have in allowing such faked files to be produced?  Is this part of the NSA's job Yes, it is.  But I'd like to think that the NSA isn't acting as if WE are the "enemy."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 07:17:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
You may recall that when the Leahy encryption bill was proposed, and many people around here were fawning all over it, I raised the issue that it would allow the govt to harrass and prosecutor encrypted remailer operators since their use of encryption allows investigations to be thwarted.  What you've just seen, while not directly involving encryption, is the analogous version of such harassment with simple remailers.
If there is any need for laws or regulations here, it is one to explicitly exempt remailers from responsibility for email they forward, or decrypt and then forward.  (It isn't clear, for example, why a remailer is any more responsible for the contents of a message than any other point on the Internet chain.)
Obligatory AP reference:
If AP was up and functioning, there wouldn't be a government to fund an FBI to pay agents to come and harass you for forwarding a message that they've probably misinterpreted anyway.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 07:47:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
Isn't this partly bad, at least?  Sure, if DES was a working, operational cryptosystem revealing the attack immediately might be arguably irresponsible.  But since it was merely a design, exposing the flaw didn't help the enemy or hurt "us."  Had DES been in use, the NSA could merely have stated, publicly, that "We see a flaw in DES, and we will tell you all about it in 5 years.  Enclosed is an encrypted description of the problem, encrypted using a single key system with a 128-bit key.  Save it for your files.  In five (5) years we will publish the key to decrypt that file, and you will then know what we know now."
At that point, anybody who then was using DES would have a five year warning to replace it.  And the NSA would be unable to change the contents of what they were revealing, because they would only be withholding the key.
Also, exposing the flaw in DES could have alerted the developers of other cryptosystems to watch for the same attack on their systems.
All in all, I don't think the NSA's near-silence on DES is unambiguously Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 10:01:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP 
[quoting Jim Ray>>]
Other than the article I quote in its entirety in Part 8 of AP, an article from the Asahi Evening News (an english-language daily newspaper in Japan), no.
Unfortunately, it generally takes knowledge of at least computer networking, with a little knowledge of encryption and a vaguely passing familiarity with digital cash, to understand AP with enough detail to be useful.  But I'm constantly amazed at how many people really APPRECIATE the idea, and its If anything, I think AP would have allowed Indians to defend themselves, had they had access to it.
I don't think this is necessary:  They need not see that something is wrong to be deterred by the possibility of their agents getting killed doing something that they see as "non-coercive."
Yes, I think it would be a good idea to name the resulting society...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:12:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Remailer extensions 
I can't say whether this is "legal" (it probably is) but I believe that this was a fairly common practice in the 1960's in the US, when people were dodging the draft, running away from home to join a commune, etc.  Such services were advertised in various magazines, and operated on the principles you described.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:14:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Long-Lived Remailers 
Tim, I think you missed his (and my) point.  The purpose of such a split is not to disguise the link between Alice and Bob; the point is to prevent legal attacks on the remailer by putting the transmission part (Bob) in a country which is hard to reach.  Logically, an attacker could easily determine that sending a message to Alice would have it come back from Bob, but the converse would not be true:  A message which came from Bob would not necessarily have come from Alice.  Besides, any legal attack would require a substantial investment that would make harassment suits pointless.  Add to this the fact that "Bob" might only last a few weeks...
An organization like COS would be faced with no good target.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:36:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
Then you've obviously dramatically mis-read my ideas.  I don't claim that _EVERYBODY_ who will fall victim will "deserve" it by your or my opinions, or by generally-agreed-upon philosophy like the libertarian's "Non-Initiation of Force Principle" (NIOFP).   Rather, I claim that the justification for any given killing must (and will, or won't, depending) come from some external fact having nothing to do with AP.  For example, if you believe in NIOFP, then anyone who violates it has initiated force, and the victim of such force (or, perhaps, anyone else?) can legitimately use a system like AP to fight back.  If you _don't_ believe in libertarian philsophy, obviously you won't necessarily agree with AP, but the source of your agreement is that, not something inherently wrong with AP.
THat's a false claim.  If the "enemies" are enemies because of what they've actually done wrong, say violate your rights, then it should be your right to stop them.  The method you choose shouldn't matter.
You seem to be assuming that if there are TWO "wrongs" here.  But I've tried to make it abundantly clear that justification for the self-defense comes from the initial "wrong."  Where, then, is the SECOND "wrong"?  What, exactly, makes it wrong?  If a person can't get justice any other way (not to be confused with merely a chance at justice) then why deny that person his rights?
I acknowledge that if there is no initial "wrong" (the target didn't actually do anything wrong) then the act of targeting him is, itself, wrong, but you're apparently unwilling to back up this hypothetical. It should be obvious to anyone around here that if AP "works," it will work regardless of whether it meets with your approval or any other subset of humankind.  That makes it worthy of discussion even if you don't like it.
Your objections are invalid.  The mere fact that SOME organized killing systems occurred in the past has essentially no relationship to the system I describe.  The prospect of perfect anonymity, allowing the system to be open to anyone who chooses to contribute, will make it vastly different from anything that came before.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:37:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP 
Absolutely!  Even these days, what passes for "the support of the people" is simply the generally-agreed-upon position of the news media, which the public is supposed to accept as their opinion.  Before alternative sources of information such as the Internet appeared, TV stations and print media could just about mold public opinion any way they wanted, within limits.
when they get
I could say, "I don't want to see any president get shot," but that's simply because I want them to resign instead.  And it really isn't the president, per se, who is the problem:  It's the entire political system which chooses the candidates, from which the public is only given a one-of-two choice in the matter.  If the system were cleaned up, and massively reduced in power, we could have a figurehead president that nobody would even dream of harming, because he exercises no abusive power.
And in any case, since I think it is legitimate for "us" (everyone else in the world) to pay for the death of (say) Saddam Hussein or Moammar Khadafi, it would be selfish of me to suppose that any system which could easily achieve that could somehow be tuned to ensure that "our" presidents are somehow immune.  I would much rather see _all_ the leadership under the risk of the gun than none of it.
That's right.  However, I've noticed that the people who object to AP rarely want to talk about the self-defense aspect of the situation; they want to assume that nobody has done anything wrong enough to justify AP from being used against them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 15:50:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Remailers, Copyright, and Scientology 
I'm wondering whether they properly handled the copyright status of some of those (silly) texts.  While it is somewhat nice of you (in regards to them) to say what you did, it is  possible that they lost their copyrights decades ago by printing them (even internally) without the (then) appropriate "circle-C" copyright notice.  Chances are good that none of this material could survive a genuine copyright test case today. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 15:57:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
A few comments on the NIST draft.
SUBJECT:  Draft Paper, "Enabling Privacy, Commerce, Security
          and Public Safety in the Global Information
          Infrastructure"
FROM:     Bruce W. McConnell [Initials]
          Edward J. Appel [Initials]
          Co-Chairs, Interagency Working Group on
          Cryptography Policy
What if we don't WANT to "preserve law enforcement access"?  What if we believe that, as individuals and as a society, we would be safer and better off to emasculate the government-employed thugs?
Why restrict it at all?
Too bad they weren't more honest and said, "Government employee safety."
I don't believe this.  Do you?
WRONG!  This is NOT necessary in the least.  Just allow free export, period.
If this system is "voluntary" then why the "assure" part?  In other words, it will shell out stolen tax dollars to willing co-conspirators.  No thank you!
 A KMI
improve commerce, security and public safety.
Most if not all of these advantages have no need for a "key management I wish they'd be a bit more honest and use "government safety" instead of "public safety."
Why, exactly, "must" industry do this?  This whole system is supposed to be "voluntary," right?
     There is a more compelling rationale for the government
to be a partner in the development of the KMI. Not only has
the Information Age sparked fundamental changes in the way we
interact, but reliance on information systems makes our
institutions vulnerable to an unprecedented degree.
Aha!  "our institutions vulnerable to an unprecented degree?"  You're catching on!  But it's primarily the GOVERNMENT institutions which are going to be vulnerable.
Yes, you guys know you're gonna get your statist butts kicked, right out the (In case you couldn't imagine it, I'm grinning right now...)
No, not a risk to "society".  A risk to government and its agents.
I choose to forgo these investigations and their advantages.  What do you mean, "Voluntary"?
Huh?  If this system is really "voluntary," this last paragraph doesn't make  >    Self-escrow will be permitted under specific
 >    circumstances.(1)
Huh?  What is the word "voluntary" supposed to mean, with relation to these Why not eliminate escrow controls on all products?
(1)  The escrow agency must meet performance requirements for
     law enforcement access.
Again, whither "voluntary"?
That's simply wrong.  No certification is needed to use public-key encryption, as users of PGP well know.
Sounds like more abuse of the word, "voluntary."
What if the user has already come to an agreement with the escrow authority that under no circumstances should any key be disclosed?  What if the user only gives the escrow authority an encrypted key?
?self-escrow, More "voluntary" abuse...
Uh, have you forgotten about "individual freedom"?
How about "freedom to choose NO trusted certificate authority"?
I don't want a "level playing field" here.  I want a free, unrestricted, and open playing field.
But they won't address individual freedom needs.
(4)  A mutually trusted authority is an escrow agent trusted
     by users to store keys and trusted by law enforcement to
     provive access upon certification of lawful authority.
How can I trust any organization that will compromise my privacy on request by the government thugs?
Don't bother.  I have an easier system already.  "Free and unencumbered exports for all software and hardware."
There, that's easy.
In other words, you want to misuse the power of government to bribe them into cooperation.
 With these objectives in mind, and consistent
But ignoring most of the US Constitution...
 the interim policy will consider:
Prior to formal government-to-government agreements:
What if "the politcies of the destination country" don't ask for ANY escrow system?  Are you saying you'll support free export in those cases?
Not acceptable.  How about 128-bit, non-escrowed softeware?  That would be a good start.
Maybe you meant, "government interests"?
Aha!  So you're assuming THEIR country's thugs and OUR country's thugs will gang up on us?
Danger Will Robinson!  Danger!
YES!  Gotta make sure you don't get your collective butts kicked out of power , huh?
     The interim policy reflects a differentiation between
hardware and software products, i.e., hardware products with
greater bit lengths are treated more favorably under this
policy. Hardware implementations of products permit more
confident binding between encryption and the key management,
limiting the risk that the encryption can be easily stripped
from the key management and used independently of key
recovery. Uh, where's that "voluntary"?
How about "non-escrow"?
In other words, you don't want "honesty" to affect the snitches?
What about requirements that people whose keys are requested be notified immediately of such a request and are given an opportunity to challenge it, or even better given an opportunity to demand that the key is erased, or given an opportunity to FAIL to provide a decrypt key to unlock the escrowed decrypt key?
Finally they admit it!
The only way the US government could demonstrate "good faith" is to disband itself immediately.
     6.   Negotiate with other governments arrangements for
          access to escrowed keys consistent with national
          sovereignty, national security, and public safety.
     As trusted partners, industry and government can share
expertise and tackle intractable problems such as the insecure
operating system. In times past, the cryptographic algorithm
was the core of the solution: now it is the easy part. The
debate over algorithms and bit lengths should end: it is time
for industry and governments to work together to secure the
GII in such a way that does not put the world at risk.
We agree that "the debate over algorithms and bit lengths should end."  We just think it should end with complete and total elimination of export restrictions.  Period!
Key Recovery Performance Criteria
     Key recovery provides for backup storage of a user's
private keys. This backup capability helps ensure the
availability of a user's data even after it has been
encrypted. It also provides for an effective means for law
enforcement access. Key recovery requirements whould be viewed
from the perspective of the individual, the corporation, or
governments that require access. Most of the criteria to be
discussed have a dimension for key recovery on an individual
basis as well as from a corporate or government perspective.
The criteria can be grouped into three categories.
+    Confidentiality - Confidentiality must be maintained on
     all requests for release of key recovery information.
WHY?  If the system is VOLUNTARY....
[is there some reason that the bozo didn't include an email address?]
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 22:31:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
With all due respect, I think that comparison is a bit flawed.  MAD (mutual assured destruction) is based on a model where you know the enemy (country) attacking you, in the national model by sophisticated radar systems.  It is also based on the (reasonable) assumption that there is no way to pre-emptively attack in such a way as to defeat the ability of the enemy to With AP, and a world populated by 5 billion people, there is no way to know, for sure, who is targeting you.  You may _guess_, and you may be right, but such a guess must be based on external information that you've received elsewhere.  With AP, you CAN attack and destroy an individual in such a way he doesn't know who hit him.  A crook who has victimized many people would be an excellent example of a target who can't know, because he has many enemies.  A person who has just jilted a rich lover and has no other enemies would be the opposite.  I contend that the kind of targets which are the most "deserving" will tend to be those who don't know who's targeting them.  Those that are least deserving will have a good clue about who's giving them the finger.  Since such prices are publicly known, a donor would have to be particularly careful about targeting a generally  good, well-liked person, if that person could reasonably guess who's naming him.  This is one of the many reasons I have a fair degree of confidence that AP will do a lot of good, and very little bad.
This I agree with.  But remember that the ability to combine the desires of thousands of people counts for something as well.  If the only time you had to worry is if one individual was mad enough to see you dead, and would either do it himself or pay the whole bill himself, you'd feel relatively safe.  If, on the other hand, the cost could be split up 10,000 ways or more,  you'd better not be a crook!
In practice, I think this would be comparatively common as well.  What currently deters such "take the law into your own hands" is the fact that police (being, essentially, in the business of protection) don't want you to provide for yourself by protecting yourself.  They make it hard on people, in the same way they did with Bernard Goetz, the guy who shot four muggers on the New York city subway system.  Once AP gets rid of the police, it will be much easier to protect yourself and not risk jail time, etc.
Superficially, a person might argue that the lack of police would also make it easier for the muggers.  However, a "professional mugger" would make a LOT of enemies, and it wouldn't take long before he's dead.  He'd only have to be caught once.  Any victim of any mugger would be happy to donate to see him gone.
In part 7 I use somewhat different justification.  I believe that a person should be able to use whatever level is force is necessry to get rid of the transgression, with no upper limit.  In any case, I think that government corruption is way more than enough to justify whatever level of counter-attack is needed.
Yes; I've noticed that people who oppose AP generally don't want to address the question of self-defense issues.
Shot?  Not necessarily.  Let's not forget about blown up, poisoned, stabbed, beheaded, etc.  B^)
Right.  Moreover,  I believe that governments simply cannot exist as we know them under these circumstances.  Besides, they won't be necessary.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-23 08:10:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Another Analysis -- Re: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
[schtuff deleted]
I didn't notice any specific reference to the difference between materials encrypted for long-term storage or transmission (data, email) and on the other hand audio telephone communications, the original stated application for the Clipper chip.  I can't see any reason that an individual would want the key to his own crypto telephone keys escrowed; unlike the key for data on a computer, which at least theoretically might be lost, the cryptophone data is by definition lost as soon as it is used.  Therefore, I can see no argument which would make a person support this key escrow for that purpose.  Since the whole system is supposed to be "voluntary", who is going to accept this?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-23 11:47:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
Since ratting on people can always be anonymous (and especially so after the advent of good encryption and remailers, assuming they survive!) I don't think it'll be a problem to turn in somebody "too powerful."   In fact, the AP system will probably spur the simultaneous development of a system to anonymously reward people who identify and locate bad people of all kinds, even if all they do is this.  But unlike the current form of rewards, the snitch won't have to reveal himself to anybody.
That's true, but with a caveat:  Post-AP, there will be no such thing as "laws" per se.  What there will be is an amorphous world of various interests, of people who feel stepped on if you abuse them, etc.  Cumulatively, those interests will constitute "laws," but not like a list of hard-and-fast rules.
Unfortunately, I still haven't written up a description of a replacement for the current "criminal justice system" that I anticipated, and another person on a different list independently though of and described in much greater detail:  A set of independant, privatized court systems which an agrieved victim can go to (perhaps anonymously) to charge the "defendant."  The defendant, however, doesn't have to show up because it's a voluntary system.  The punishment will probably be usually a monetary penalty, which if not paid is numerically added to the reward fund against that person.  A defendant is motivated to defend himself to prevent such an eventuality.  The accuser is, likewise, motivated to use this system because if the defendant is exposed as an unchallenged criminal, potential assassins (and AP organizations) will presumably work cheaper for their deaths if the defendant doesn't pay the fine.
Did the Menendez family have relatives who might have wanted retribution for the killings?  If so, they could have gotten their revenge very cheaply.  How about other rich people who didn't want their to be a precedent that two sons could kill their rich parents and get away with it?
to will While I can't quote a specific study, I seem to recall a statistic that civilians were actually MORE likely to shoot and/or kill the RIGHT person, as opposed to the wrong person Remember, most police show up substantially after an incident starts, and they don't know who's in the wrong.  A person who's in the right KNOWS this already; he's seen the incident from the Also, you said civilians "don't stop when they should."  Who decides when they should stop?  Well, more likely than not it's the police, who would prefer to NOT obsolete themselves, and a dead criminal is far less valuable to the police, prosecutors, and jailers than a live one.  I'd say that's a conflict of interest, wouldn't you?  (a live criminal results in profits to all these groups, plus lawyers, etc.)
It doesn't really matter which group is making it difficult on the civilians, if they are doing it,  it makes it harder for the civilians to protect themselves.
It can with the competing, privatized system with punishments based on fines that I described above.
see Offer to pay money for such information in most inner cities, and you'll get plenty of takers if the reward's high enough. (and can be collected anonymously.)  Remember, AP works because certain people with access to information are given the financial motivation to either kill the criminal or simply reveal (possibly anonymously) who he is.  The current system uses money rewards only sparsely, and does not publicize them very well.
know I have plenty of faith that once the centralized, heirarchical political structure is demonished, things will be better.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-23 13:29:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns (fwd) 
"Reasonable," yes.  But remailers provide a service that governments won't consider politically popular; ISP's provide a nominally popular service.  The government will find a way to interpret the actions of a remailer entirely differnetly than that of an ISP.   Sigh.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 06:34:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: INFO: Transcript of Sen. Leahy's RealAudio chat now available! (5/22/96) 
Well, he must have learned it all in the last few months, because his bill was the closest thing to DOA that we've seen in a long time, exceeded only by GAK 3.  I'd like to hear from him what the source of the text of the Leahy bill on encryption really was:  Who pressured him to make it so bad?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 07:50:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
That's just it, the government wants (or, will want) "the prudent operator" to SHUT DOWN his system entirely. We, on the other hand, should take the position that operating a remailer is a right, and further that such remailers get a broad immunity for materials send through their system.  Providing for the opposite  was one of the reasons the Leahy bill on encryption was so bad.  It criminalized use of encryption to "thwart a law-enforcement investigation" and there was no way for a (encrypted) remailer operator to know that any given message flowing through his system might eventually trigger such an investigation.  In fact, the prospect of the government actually setting up such an operator by having his remailer act as the last link in the chain of an otherwise-untraceable message, whose transmission could arguably be a violation of law.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 08:41:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
Tell ya what: name a weapon that CANNOT be used to harm an innocent person.  Go ahead, I'm waiting.
"Legal" is the word you're looking for, not legitimate.
What?!?  You mean that after 100 million war deaths in this century alone, you're suggesting that we DON'T have "free-for-all bloody violence"?  Or are you simply used to the kind of violence that exists today?  That's a common trap people fall into:  They simply accept whatever current system we have, as if it is somehow required or okay or...
Right!  There are no "laws" per se.  But there are people, and their interests, and what they believe to be their rights.
RIGHT!  But as importantly, they aren't the _victims_ of that "judicial system" either.  Rodney King, for instance.  Donald Scott.  Randy Weaver.  The Branch Davidians, etc.  All these people were fundamentally victims of an organization political/legal heirarchy filled with people who had (defacto) greater rights/authority than ordinary citizens, and abused the public with it.
I've explained that I believe that the post-AP world will be far less violent than today, partly because there will be no people in positions of authority who can abuse the rest of us with impunity, or force us to go to war against our will.  It will also allow GOOD people to punish BAD people without depending on the "system" to do it.  It will also tend to prevent the enforcement of "victimless crime" laws that currently result in 60-70% of the prison and jail population.
 You need to show that yes, you see the advantages, but also show that you have a plausible belief that my system will be worse than the status quo.  Citing a specific potential problem without quantifying it is pointless.
Each individual, for himself.  True, he may occasionally make mistakes, but I contend that the vast majority of these decisions will be entirely justified.  The truly bad people, the REAL criminals, will not last long.
If the danger you describe was of higher probability than the alternative, the status quo, you might have a point.  But it isn't.  Further, the prospect of AP getting rid of (or reforming, because they'll have no choice) most of the real criminals (plus de-populating government and preventing its abusiveness) results in a dramatic reduction in the violations of rights that will occur.
Just because we currently think of "the government" as "the entity created to safeguard rights" doesn't mean that this is really so, and it doesn't mean that it actually achieves a net protection of our rights.  What government actually does is to monopolize (as best it can) the use of force, and then force the public to pay for a protection service.  And monopolies result in classicly bad service, as we all know.
If the probability of an improper action is dramatically reduced, without being eliminated, that is an improvement, right?  Tell me, as a citizen don't we deserve changing to a system that reduces violations of rights?
No, it doesn't, certainly not quantitatively, and in practice not qualitatively, either.  Take a 5-foot wave, and notice that it doesn't overflow a 50-foot seawall.  Twenty of them, separately, likewise don't get past it.  But combine them in one large wave, and the 100-foot wave does get by.  The fundamental advantage of AP is that the desires of thousands of people can be combined in order to accomplish what no individual would be able to induce on his own.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 12:29:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
There is a clue here.  If that briefing is so effective, why don't they give it to the entire country?
We "all" know (at least around CP) of a number of sorta-bad things that might occur as a consequence of allowing good cryptography.  (none of which, on balance, even come close to justifying banning or restricting good crypto, or justify GAK, etc.)   However, very few of them require more than a little imagination to invent on our own, and given communication most of them will be thought of and disseminated without being revealed by the government.  So it's a bit difficult to imagine why they'd avoid discussing those issues in public.
The clue, I think, is that this briefing is given to "legislators, staffers, etc".  Presumably, whatever arguments they use in this briefing are quite
selective and tailored to appeal to government types.  They're telling these people of a argument against good encryption that works for government-types but NOT ordinary civilians.  It isn't that they don't want the average civilian to know of these arguments, they simply don't want the populace to know what subset of these consequences the government is really concerned about.
Okay, what kind of thing would terrify government-types but not most civilians?  It probably starts like this:   "See, there's this guy named Jim Bell...."  B^)
Seriously, though, I can't see how it could be anything other than the typical Crypto-Anarchy-type scenarios, but presented as if they are a Bad Thing as opposed to being a Good Thing.  This would fit all the criteria:  They appear to be extremely bad from the standpoint of the government-types, are not particularly convincing to the citizens, and the government wouldn't want the public to know what they're most concerned with.  It might start'em thinking.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 13:58:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Innocence & harmless weapons 
While it was a slick one-liner, it was also wrong. The truth can indeed harm innocents.  For example, "The truth is that Anne Frank lived in an Amsterdam attic."  is an excellent example of a truth that can, indeed, be used to harm people should it become known.  The reason we use encryption is to disguise truths that we don't want others to know, and if those truths become known there may indeed be harm to innocents..
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 14:14:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: National Journal article sez net-activism is just political hicks 
At least we now know that the National Journal hasn't heard of Cyber-Anarchy--- or they didn't understand one word of it.
Slowly but surely, they're learning!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 15:35:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
It seems to me that if the government REALLY thought it could push GAK by convincing the public that it was wise, it would at least prepare a redacted version of this briefing that it _could_ present to the public,  if different than the "eyes only" version.  After all, would they risk losing it all by NOT telling at least part of the story?  Or is their failure to publicize all this because they realize that spilling the beans (even only some of them) would actually make it _less_ likely that GAK would be accepted by the public, rather than more?  I think the latter is much closer to the truth.
That depends on what you mean.  I know a free-lance movie scriptwriter who is working on a story along related lines.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 17:40:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: National Journal article sez net-activism is just  political hicks 
(Yeah, yeah.  Okay, I forgot the trademark.  But I still can't find the "circle-C" on my keyboard!)
That's exactly the reaction of the typical mainstream media news person today.  But that will change, I think, and probably well within a couple of years.  I keep waiting for Time magazine to declare the Internet to be "The Man of the Year", like they did the (personal?) computer in one year in the middle 1980's.  It has certainly been covered far more this year than any year in the past.  Now that the traditional media has discovered the Internet, they'd damn well start covering its political implications.  Last year, for instance, the media was apparently unwilling to admit that the main reason the Congressional hearings on Waco occurred was because the subject was kept alive on the computer networks.  By next year, I don't think they'll be able to keep silent on similar situations:  Too many people will consider the Internet to be at least their secondary news source, if not their primary one.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 06:53:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cyber-Anarchy 
I don't tend to carefully distinguish between "crypto-anarchy" and "cyber-anarchy" although the former is a subset of the latter.   Also, one big influence on society has nothing to do with encryption at all:  The fact that people are beginning to get their news and information from other ordinary people (as opposed to newspapers and TV networks) is not dependant on encryption, at least in a country that's supposed to be blessed with the 1st amendment.  The deathgrip the politicians have on the public as a whole will at least start to be weakened by non-crypto "cyberanarchy" effects like this, although perhaps it would be better named "cyber-minarchy."   I think we can attribute the difficulty the establishment is having passing a Clipper-type law to the portion of cyberminarchy that has nothing to do with encryption.   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:05:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
If the Libyans are so bad (and they probably are) then why shouldn't the public in other countries be entitled to pool their contributions and take their government down?   (okay, this is a rhetorical question...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:31:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PILATE SAYETH UNTO HIM... 
I just dragged out my copy of a book titled "A Bodyguard of Lies," by Anthony Cave Brown.  It's a book on the various deception strategems used against the Germans in the latter part of WWII.    This deception plan was given the code-name, "Bodyguard", because Churchill had said in Tehran that "In war-time, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 14:37:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Layman's explanation for limits on escrowed encryption ... 
However, this escrow process is claimed to be _voluntary._  And good, non-escrowed encryption already exists today, outside the US.  It won't be "slipping through the cracks," it'll be like opening the floodgates.  So the question is still open:  Why key-length limitations on export?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 16:25:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
politicians/gov't employees
1.  There will be no politicans and government employees, except for those few who do not arouse the ire of more than a tiny fraction of the population, and are paid for by voluntary contributions.  In other words, damn few.
2.  There will be no taxes and no war.  Any disputes will be of very small scale, a handful of people at most.
3.  Individuals will be able to, and in fact will be responsible to defend themselves, although they may be able to do it by proxy.  People will always have the option of defending others, and will do so if they believe that it deters future crimes that might be against them.
Yes, I read it years ago.  That book is fiction.  Whether it represents any sort of potential reality is highly questionable.  Even its premise is stilted:  It hypothesizes a tiny, essentially homogenous society populated by immature boys, dropped into circumstances entirely foreign from anything they had ever known, with no adult guidance at all.  Can you really expect good results from this, in fiction no less?  Would it have made a good book if everything had happened hunky-dory?
Anyway, anarchy is tradionally considered unstable because the strong are able to oppress the weak, and the weak can't effectively fight back, so governments are instituted.  The system I've described, AP, allows a substantial number of anonymous weak people to (anonymously) pool their resources and defend themselves against a smaller number of strong oppressors.  This is NEW.  It may, in fact, allow anarchy to exist in a stable form, which may sound like an oxymoron but is not.  If anarchy does indeed work, when suitably stabilized, then your premise is simply wrong.
I see we have another Dr. Pangloss here.  "the best of all possible worlds."
We have plenty to gain by removing them from their positions of power.  They are wasteful parasites.  They engage in make-work.  They manipulate the rest of us.  They criminalize activities that should not be crimes.  They make us waste our resources, for example by keeping ever-larger numbers of people in jail and prison.  They are protected by militaries, which are wasteful uses of our resources.  Ultimately, they end up killing huge numbers of people, ultimately just to protect the supremacy of these government employees and Who is to say that we even need a government?  What, exactly, is the function of a government?  Is that function truly necessary?  Remember, AP changes the political landscape substantially.  You can't any longer say things like "governmnet is necessary so that we can protect ourselves against foreign nations," because there will no longer be any foreign nations, or foreign armies, etc.
Sounds like a truism that isn't necessarily true.  Don't deny individuals the right to defend themselves.  If you do, then you actually encourage force used against them, and magnify their fear.  Don't selectively apply this rule to ordinary citizens, while forgetting to apply it to officials.
And maybe we don't really even need to "achieve peace."  I've come to the conclusion that the only reason war is "necessary" is to protect the leadership of a country, not to protect its citizens.  Remove that leadership from power, and peace will be automatic.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 16:30:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
Let's ask John Bobbit, shall we?  Ouch!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 16:52:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Announcing CryptaPix 1.0 
What they ought to do is to "stegofy" this system by binding a picture with a lower-quality, non-suspicious picture which can be brought up with a "duress code." Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:33:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
Likewise, I don't see why the first address in the chain is vulnerable, as long as the message subsequently passes through at least one trustworthy remailer, and probably  a temporary output address.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:49:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
And any successors that take their place, as well.  Remember, even a tiny fraction of the population can eject (by forced resignation or worse) an officeholder.  The only ones who survive (literally or figuratively) are the ones who don't irritate even a tiny fraction of the public.  Those will be the ones who don't do anything, and are not paid by stolen taxes.
To a great degree, the "public perception" of drugs and drug laws has been a _product_ of the news media, in particular the TV networks and the newspapers, as influenced by the government.  Study the matter and you'll find this is true.  There is no reason to believe that the community will be as anti-drug as the conventional wisdom says they are.
This "whipping" is quite intentional.  It keeps cops, prosecutors, and judges employed.  Not to mention politicians.
Please understand:  While the term "assassination" is usually used to refer to killings of high-level people, I'm using a broader definition to refer to ANY target, including middle and lower-level people.  My solution is far more thorough than you've implied.  Anyone who exercises force for the state is subject to "recall."  Even people who just take a government paycheck are at least nominally at risk.
How "removed" do they have to be to be innocent, in your opinion?
Nuclear bomb design.  Done with funds stolen from taxpayers.  Done to protect the leadership of this country, not the public.
In practice, it probably WAS "self-defense."  However, it may not have been a particularly selective example of self-defense.  The system I describe is, in fact, vastly more effective than this at getting rid of the bad guys, and far more selective than a planted bomb.
That's why I think my system will be far better.
Notice, however, that the US government fails to use a cleaner method to defeat its opponents (killing the leaders) and in  its place puts the lives of thousands of solders at risk.  Isn't this illogical, unless you realize that if WE can do that to those foreign leaders, THEY can do the same to OUR leaders?  Isn't this more than a bit self-serving on the part of our leaders?
And isn't it immoral for George Bush, for instance, to choose a solution that results in the deaths of tens of thousands of comparatively innocent Iraqis, both during and after the Gulf war, rather than bumping off Saddam Hussein?  Think about it.  Exactly why does he do the former, rather than the latter?
"Another set of costs"?  Yikes!  Read the essay, governments as we know them can't possibly survive post-AP.
It may be looked at as an example of vigilante action, but it will be ANONYMOUS vigilantes.
That's conventional wisdom.  Historically, anarchy is considered unstable.  Freud though so, but he was wrong.  Read part 9.
Well, I disagree.  Until recently, public opinion was almost entirely
manufactured.  It was a joint project of the government and the news media.
Is there any significant likelihood that the people in power today will relinquish power absent a system such as AP?  I'm not optimistic about that.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 07:04:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
Which means that attempting to clean up the system by half-measures is doomed to failure, wouldn't you say?
Ironically, I originally proposed it to myself in jest.  However, I quickly realized that there was far more to it than a joke.  I went through most of the objections that were later commonly raised against it, and then concluded that those objections were invalid. I also noted that most people recognized the flaws in those objections after they were explained to them.  It has the prospect of enormously changing society.   Too many pieces fell into place, like a jigsaw puzzle.  This system is NOT an accident; it is fundamental.  Admittedly, it is still a bit scary, because of the depth of its changes, but that does not make it wrong! AP was not publicized "to appear controversial."  I think it's "controversial" simply because it is so different from the current system, and those in power in that system (and their sympathizers) realize how serious and enormous such a change would be.
Unfortunately, that's not a particularly specific claim.  "reprehensible"?  I'd call the current system reprehensible.  Why should the government be able to put over a million people in prison, most for victimless drug crimes? Why should the government be able to start a war and send millions of people against their will, and thousands to die (as in Vietnam)?  Why should their be repeated mass killings (Armenia, Russia, Germany, China, Uganda, Cambodia, Rwanda, etc)?  If you could show that the current system had somehow been fixed to prevent these kinds of incident, you might have a point, but you cannot.
Your claim is also biased:  Everything you think about the term, "political," is based on the kind of systems you know and have known.  For you, and most of us, politics is just about defined as that system by which a small number of people manipulate a larger number, ostensibly guided by the wishes of the larger number.
Then you need to learn to be more consistent.  While you may, indeed, be a pacifist, most of the rest of us see nothing wrong with the concept of self-defense.  You may argue as to what's really self-defense and what isn't,  but the reality is that government engages in violence and the threat of violence regularly.  Are you, by your statements, implicitly tolerating violence by government that you wouldn't tolerate from individuals?  It is easy to fall into such a trap.
Why?  Isn't it possible that it is not possible to reform a system because embedded within it is a fundamental flaw which makes real freedom impossible?  The current system is heirarchically structured, and results in situations where millions die in the place of the very few.  I'd say that's a serious, systemic flaw that needs fixing.
I invite you to provide an alternative solution.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 09:31:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Key Escrow without Escrow Agents" 
But as long as key-escrow is claimed to be "voluntary," then the police should be happy if it is used at all.  If they object that it is possible somebody won't agree that the person involved shouldn't have his data revealed, we can remind them that the jury system prevents conviction if not all of the jury agrees as to guilt.  This is no worse than having, say, 12 key-escrow organizations and allowing any one to not reveal the correct key.  Naturally, it will be necessary to ensure that they can refuse without anyone else knowing who opted out...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 10:50:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
Qualitatively, perhaps.  But quantitatively, no.  I think that blame for any given situation or government behavior will be distributed in a reasonably fair fashion, with those directly responsible for abuse becoming "dead meat" while those on the periphery only marginal targets.  Your generous interpretation of their guilt is certainly not binding on me.   And in any case the fact that the people involved will usually be able to resign will be a logical "out." I agree.  Which is why I'd much prefer a method to preferentially target a relatively smaller number of people, and I've invented (discovered?) just such a system.  Why not let it work?
Why not kill those Iranian leaders, using AP?  And if you're afraid they'll retaliate against "our" leaders, I see nothing wrong with that, either.  It's the leaders who maintain the dispute.
Hey, I realized that long ago!  But I'm not under any illusion that this system can be molded to conform to my wishes alone:  If I could, I'd become a dictator and the cycle of tyranny would continue.  "Very hard"?  If they'd tried "very hard" they would have succeeded.  No, the various leadership groups controlling different countries have far more in common with each other than with the ordinary citizens.  They all are perfectly aware that if a precedent is established that killing the leadership is to be used to solve a dispute, eventually they'll all be dead.  Thus, they reject this solution like the plague.  The government only pretends to not be able to succeed at this task in order to assuage the natural desires of the public.
They are misled, of course.
 >Of
The only reason there might be "many others waiting to take his place" is that assassination is actually a rare event.  Make it easily accomplished, and who would want to take any politician's place?
Unless I capture the public's imagination, and they realize what kind of improvements it promises.  Or, at least they recognize that opposition by those in government is entirely self-serving.
It doesn't take a great deal of perception to see this.  The media and the government are dependent on each other:  The media needs access to news, the government needs a pliable sounding board.  Chomsky has gotten smart on this subject, a little bit late in my estimation.  Chomsky's main advantage is that he's been a public figure for years, which means when HE spouts this stuff it's considered news.  When we talk about it, it's ignored.
It isn't that it "has to" be violent.  Resignation is always an option.  Problem is, they don't want to give up their positions of power.
That depends entirely on what your definition of instigating violence really is.  I happen to believe that the act of collecting taxes, involuntarily, IS the "instigation of violence" even if the victim gives up his assets without a fight, if there is the prospect of eventual violence should he refuse to cooperate.  Until you see this, you'll have a warped view of the propriety of AP, not to mention the libertarian non-initiation of force  principle.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 14:44:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
True, but if I oppose and you don't, and my opposition results in their forced removal from office, what you believe will be irrelevant.
They obtain their salary through theft from taxpayers.  I'd say that's plenty of an offense.
Or, at most, an exceedingly minimal one, operated by donation or extremely minor tax levels.
But it wouldn't matter.  They wouldn't know who to target, and the people wanting to form a state have an inherent disadvantage against those who do not:  The act of forming the state identifies them.
How would you distinguish between just some ordinary citizen and somebody that ought to be targeted because of opposition to the state?  With my system, the latter can be silent and get the job done.
Then there will be a fight, won by the group that isn't publicly recognized.  A group trying to form a centralized entity (and force this on others) will fail; those opposing it will win.
It doesn't work like that.  The act of formation of a state inevitably calls attention to oneself.  The act of opposing that formation does not.  AP is "biased," as it were, against centralized, organized political structure that arouses the ire of even a tiny fraction of the population.  A person who dedicates himself to ELIMINMATING the state, and does so anonymously, is difficult or impossible to target.
I don't deny that a group of people can, willingly, form a subset of society where they agree to be bound by certain conditions that the rest of society does not tolerate.  However, the key word is "willingly."  If that mini-state ever becomes abusive of the rights of its own citizens, or becomes threatening of any outside individuals, its leaders will be targeted, either by its own citizens or those outside who feel threatened.
I have no problem with that.  That's just great.  Arbitrarily serious guilt should be followed by arbitrarily harsh punishement, even if it is years or decades later.  Resigning is in no way respected by the AP system per se, but it _may_ be considered by the average citizen to be a reason for mercy.
No, AP has no inherent ability to punish those who "play unfairly."  However, the cost to purchase "predictions" (and the number of other citizens who share in this cost)  will probably depend substantially on the perceived guilt of the target, in the minds of others.  A person who resigns, and especially one who did little to directly anger the populace, other than to collect a stolen paycheck, is probably fairly safe.  An ex-employee of a particularly abusive government agency is, however, far more likely to remain  considered a legitimate target by the public.
Perhaps, but the current system does, and even after AP is instituted there will still be common criminals to keep down.
No, the donations will be made against those people who are actually seen by the people as the real problem.  In an "AP-world," there would be no "Islamic leaders" to call for Rushdie's death.  True, if an author like Rushdie said or wrote something that really angered a substantial number of people, they might individually be aroused enough to target him, but that is far less likely than ire directed by an Islamic leader today, I think.
I (and others) have predicted that there will indeed be "court systems" in place, although they will be numerous, competing, and voluntary, which will turn most offenses into crimes punishable by fines.  That will adjust the punishment to the crime, in most people's opinions.
No "values will be protected," except those that the individuals in society choose to be protected.
Who is "we"?
Don't call it "murder," then.  It's self-defense, at least by those who use it legitimately.
Ultimately, that's the way it's going to happen, UNLESS the society's control is waylaid by government.
I wish I understood what you just said...
Yes, that's great.  But I don't think we (the public) should have to depend on the good will of the elected officeholder, especially one who DIDN'T make such a promise.
But what is the minimum in "minimalist"?  I was a minarchist for a couple of decades, because I couldn't think of an intellectually consistent way to get rid of the last vestiges of government, permanently.  Now I can.
 The most
Sigh.  I'm afraid that kind of thinking has been obsoleted...
The whole concept of having to maintain "the national defense" is totally obsoleted by the stable anarchy formed by AP.  After AP, all defense will be local, because no large attacker could survive the "predictions" of the rest of the world.
I agree it sounds a bit scary, but that's mainly because it's so different from the current system.
Reminds me of the old saying, "Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for dinner."
The problem with the concept of "compromises" is that it assumes that it is necessary to make those compromises.
I don't care what they THINK, but if they try to enforce their society on me I'll feel no hesitancy to eliminate them.
No, it'll make compromises totally unnecessary.
Historically, that has been often true.  But then again, I think the rules have changed.  (or will soon change.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 17:59:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
You should take your own advice.  The mere fact that the first link in the chain is "known" doesn't mean that it is provably involved.  Without a substantial amount of bugging that the COS hasn't the resources to do, there is a big difference between them _believing_ that a given message originated there, and being able to prove it in court.  And notice my caveat:  "As long as the message subsequently passes through at least one trustworthy remailer, and probably a temporary output address."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-28 03:31:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FW: "Scannist" arrested 
If there is any residual doubt as to why I'm proposing an "extreme" solution to government, "Assassination Politics," I think the following is just another good reason to do so.  I contend that people like that cop and the judge would be FAR more careful in how they do their job if they were aware they might be angering well over a half a million hams.  This kind of abuse will happen as long as there is no mechanism to prevent it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-30 05:31:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Internet traffic is monitored. 
I think the Feds non-prosecution of Zimmermann had absolutely nothing to do with the crackability/non-crackability of PGP.  They just had an extremely weak case:  They probably had no way to demonstrate that any particular person exported PGP, which means that prosecuting Zimmermann would have looked like sour grapes.  (or, in the alternative, if they had records to show that PGP was exported, they might not have wanted to reveal the extent of their Internet monitoring.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-30 05:37:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Tempest Info 
No, you misunderstood.  The RF wouldn't be transmitted on the inside of the pipes (how could it get inside, anyway?) but on the outside.  Since most information-containing appliances are well-grounded, there is at least a strong possibility that a ground connection would carry enough interesting RF to be useful to tap.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-30 09:23:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: TIC_hip 
Having been following the progress of IC technology for over 20 years, I can recall when 1 million transistors/chip was the furthest-out prediction "they" were willing to make.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-05-31 13:38:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NRC Cryptography Report: The Text of the Recommendations 
Why is it that we even need a "national cryptography policy"?  We don't have a "national beer policy," do we?  A "national furniture policy"?  A "national pencil policy"?  A "national movie policy"?
The very concept of a "national cryptography policy" implies a level of centrally-controlled interest that is unjustified given our constitutution and laws.
Does this mean, "Give people what they want," or merely "suck up to industry"?  There is a difference...
What if "commercial requirements" including security the NSA can't break?
Where's the justification for any restrictions at all?  We all know that good encryption is going to get out, anyway.  No criminals are going to use escrowed encryption, which removes the justification for a restriction.
And what is a "legally authorized request"?  If a encryption user in another country is given a "legally authorized request" from a US court, in what way is it binding on HIM?
Why are these "critical international dimensions"?  Why "critical"?  I don't see it as coming even close to being "critical."
Gee, I wonder who they're thinking of!
What's wrong with just punishing the underlying crime?  What about some day, when encrypted telephones are ubiquitous, and we use them without thought?  Does that mean we're all guilty of an extra crime or two, just by using that crypto phone?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-01 08:27:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NRC Cryptography Report: The Text of the Recommendations 
A very curious omission!  It seems to me that if they're trying to explain any sort of limits on encryption, they should focus carefully on WHY those limits should exist, and why, exactly, those limits should be selected at any particular level.
I can think of a much better "ultimate check on preventing its use for such Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-06-01 12:48:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Java Crypto API questions 
But why can't they just export the SIGNATURE, if it is detached from the  software itself?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-04 18:56:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Any Info for Sen. Pressler.... 
What does the Burns Bill have to do with "the garbage"?  We're not talking about the CDA...
Tell him that we get real nervous when someone uses the phrase, "wants to balance."  It contains the implicit assumption that the market ("The Market") is somehow incapable of providing that "balance."  It also seems to assume that the person using the term has the AUTHORITY to "balance" those issues.  While senators probably assume that they always have the authority to do whatever they want, there is no reason to believe that this should be true given the ostensible restrictions of government power in the US Constitution.  Since the Internet is really just a large conglomeration of private property acting together in cooperation, the government's role should be at best quite limited, if not non-existant.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-07 17:16:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Simple analogy:  Suppose you put two people into a room with a deck of playing cards and a table, instructing "Person A" to build a house-of-cards, and telling "Person B" to stop him from achieving his goal.  Who do you think will win?  Obviously, the latter will win:  It's vastly easier to knock such a structure down than to build it in the first place,  and all "Person B" has to do is occasionally take a whack at the structure. BTW, some of your confusion is probably based is the false assumptions in your last sentence above.  "..wide use of strong cryptography results in widely unpopular activities such as sarin attacks and political First, I contend that the unpopularity of political assassinations is based far less on their presumed undesirability, and much more so on the fact that the average citizen (currently) has no input on who is being killed.  He might well suppose that the killings are trying to deny him the little power and influence he has in the political system. ("They shot [fill in the blank}!  I voted for him!")  But what if assassination was made far more accessible to the common man?  Suppose, say, the approval of one million citizens was the only thing necessary to have an assassination legally accomplished?   Or, more likely in practice, the vote of a million citizens was interpreted as a kind of terminal veto over that particular politician or government employee, who would have to resign or face the (lethal) consquences!  In that case, assassinations wouldn't be seen as bad, they'd be the natural consequence of a politician who overstays his welcome and ignores numerous warnings.
Second, things like "sarin attacks" are, in fact, the classic example of actions which WOULD NOT HAPPEN under a crypto-anarchy.  Over the last 30 years or so, "terrorism" has come to be associated with random attacks on innocent citizens.  But I propose that such attacks only occur because the better, more appropriate targets are purposely made hard to attack.  Most people don't realize this.  But consider:  Wouldn't the people who bombed the OKC Federal building have preferred to kill, for example, the top 50 government officials responsible for Waco and Ruby Ridge, rather than 150 ordinary government employees?  Of course they would!  If crypto-anarchy means anything to the future of terrorism, it's about helping to ensure that the people truly guilty of oppression get targeted in preference to anybody else.  Naturally, such a point of view will be wildly unpopular...with the guilty few.  The rest of us should like it just fine.
This is why crypto-anarchy will be so popular with the public once it's in place.  No more taxes, governments, militaries, wars, holocausts, etc.  _THAT'S_ yet one more reason why it's irreversible:  people will have seen the results of both systems, and they'll be damned if they're going to allow crooked politicians back in the game!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-07 17:46:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RICO - (Was: Group order for Secret Power) 
"popular"?  Well, only in a rather stilted point of view!
But the odd thing is, the one entity we can't seem to attack using RICO is the Federal government, and probably most other governments levels.  Looked at purely objectively, it should be easy to demonstrate that the Federal government (and its representatives) have engaged in plenty of crime as a pattern of activity, and certainly enough to rise to the level of the standards of RICO. (It takes only a few instances of such crime satisfy the standards of RICO.)
Change the name "Federal Government" to "Organization X," and describe what it's done, and all the evidence will point to a clear pattern of crime. Now, okay, it may seem presumptuous of me to even dream of the possibility of using RICO against the thugs who wrote it.  But this country (USA) is SUPPOSED to be under the rule of law, not men, and there is no reason (other than, sadly, pessimism or a-priori realism) to conclude that the government can't be punished when it breaks its own rules.  Such punishment could come by way of mechanisms such as the OKC bombing, or the far more selective system Assassination Politics (AP).  Take your choice.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 03:56:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Well, uh, with all due respect, but while it's obviously true that we won't know EXACTLY how it'll be, that doesn't mean that no portion of we imagine will come true.  This is particularly true on the big issues.   For example, you hypothesized that "wide use of strong cryptography resuts in widely unpopular activities such as sarin attacks and political activities.  I pointed out, almost certainly correctly, that these are wrong:
1.  To believe that use in cryptography will result in greater numbers of random attacks on innocent civilians.  As I pointed out, the exact opposite should be true:  A greater ability to target the guilty means less reason to kill the innocent.
2.  To believe that political assassination will be unpopular even if the ordinary citizen has an effective say in who's going to die.
In other words, based on my understanding these beliefs are diametrically opposed to the truth.  Not simply a difference in extent, we're talking a 180-degree change.
Your response is a sheepish, "but we won't really know until we see it happen."   Harrumph!  Which doomsayers?  What version of "doom"?  I suppose that depends a lot on what a person means by the phrase, "our society."  Used as you (and maybe she, as well) this sounds like a code-word.  To a statist, "society" is basically the stratification system that has developed to let one group of people control another.  By that standard, cryptoanarchy WILL "result in the breakdown of our society."   But that's all for the good.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 11:37:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Well, okay, I sorta assumed a non-violent scenario.  But adding that as a possibility actually strengthens the argument:  Generally, it's easier to stop somebody doing something out in the open, than to do it.  It's easier to knock down a house of cards than to build it up.  But it's also easier to shoot the person doing the knocking down, etc.
On the other hand, it's easier to DO something...if it can be done in secret.  And it's harder to keep somebody from doing something, if that something can be kept secret.  That's why it's so important that good cryptography remain legal.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 11:51:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RICO - (Was: Group order for Secret Power) 
No, I meant the ENTIRE government  Not just individual government officials.  Remember, RICO is _supposed_ to apply to any organization with a pattern of criminal activity, and has been used (in fact, probably mostly used) against organizations where many of the members are "merely" employees, quite analogous to the Federal government.  If RICO applies to anything, it should apply to the Feds, and that means conviction of the entire organization if it or its employees have a pattern of illegal activity.   Since RICO only requires a relatively tiny number of criminal acts to meet its standards, it should not be difficult to show enough criminality.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 11:52:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
That's because my hypothetical was intended to reflect a very non-AP situation, although maintaining the assassination/resignation angle.  The issue was whether people would see political assassination as being desirable or undesirable.  Conventional wisdom is that it's undesirable.  On the contrary, I speculated that to a great extent, the desirability of it depends somewhat on who is getting killed (or forced to resign) but also whether or not the average citizen has a say in selecting the target.*
Unlike AP, which seems (to a few people, at least; not me!) to have a problem that "any" arbitrarily small number of people could buy a hit, the hypothetical alternative I presented at least requires a million people to agree.  If we assume there are 180 million adults in the US, for example, and assuming that the votes are limited to adults, letting 1 million people make such a decision is somewhat akin to giving 0.6% of the population veto power over the rest's attempts to manipulate (regulate, tax, etc) them.  This isn't as good, in my opinion, as "pure" AP, but it would be far better than what we have now.  I contend, but I can't prove, that if you give the ordinary citizen a say in the matter, and also if you ensure that the target always has the option of resignation, at that point this could turn into a very popular system that is seen as being the norm.  There would be little sympathy for politicians who resist; just as there is little sympathy now for a politician who, despite losing the election, barricades himself in his office and refuses to turn over power to the winner.  "It's just not done!"
*  A few years ago, I recall reading a study where test subjects were asking to individually perform some task requiring thought and concentration, but were exposed to loud irritating music.  One half of the subjects had no control over the music, the other half could turn it off if they wanted to.  It turned out that merely having control over the music made people feel better about the situation, EVEN IF they _didn't_ choose to exercise that control by turning the music off!   If this effect worked in the political arena, the ability to bump off (or force to resign) an official would make people feel better about the government, even in situations where they didn't exercise this option.  This might make you think that nothing might happen, until you realize that the officialdom will have to adjust to the new reality as well, and they'll just have to (in this hypothetical) get used to the fact that one million people could bounce them out on their collective asses...or worse.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:37:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Judge Patel Background 
However, the fact that it took 40 years to reverse (and didn't, presumably, reverse the convictions of others, and didn't compensate people for lost property) is yet another reason to take a few pieces out of the hide of the SC, as well as a few pounds of flesh nearest the heart.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 16:51:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
However, I estimate that the "investment" of probably under $1 million, and certainly under $10 million dollars, would easily sweep away any legal obstacle to the export of these devices.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-08 22:49:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Nightmare on Crypto Street, Part 1" 
Don't forget the flaming torches!  Carried by the throngs of terrified villagers!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-09 11:58:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
I'm glad to see that you seem to be catching on. (although you made the minor error of referring to the current roster of the SC, as opposed to the 1943 makeup.  But that's a minor point; the 1996 group have their own set of In any case,  it's really very simple:  Kidnapping used to be a capital offense in the US.  What the US Government did to the Japanese Americans during WWII was, quite simply, kidnapping. Or, at least, it would have been called kidnapping if it had been done by non-governmental entities.   True, it was done "under color of law," but ultimately it amounted to the same thing.   Lawyers, who have brought hypocrisy and double-standards to a high art form, are taught to accept this.  And they are also taught to fight (at least a bit) for their clients rights.  But ultimately, they are taught to accept the decision of a court even if it's wrong.  Sure, they may have appeal rights and will occasionally exercise them, but there's no court past the SC.
It turns out, of course, that since we now all (?) accept the idea  that those SC decisions were simply wrong, it isn't possible to use the "they said it was okay" excuse.  The most of the relocations occurred before the decisions, which means the governmental actions were done without them.  And I consider a temporary (even a 40-year) approval by a group of nine clowns to be no more definitive than a fresh conviction that hasn't yet been through its first appeal.
Please note that if it were 1943 and somebody called for the death penalty for the perp of a kidnapping case, he'd probably be called a fine upstanding citizen.    (Interestingly enough, one of the cornerstone objections a lawyer (or judge) might have to my "playing hardball" on this subject is their belief that judges should be immune from prosecution for their decisions.  The strange part, however, is that judicial immunity seems to be an entirely fabricated concept:  It appears nowhere in the US Constitution, for example.)
However, it turns out that there is a solution to this problem, the recent re-emergence of the "Common-law courts."   A truly fascinating subject.  Having competed (with varying levels of disrespect on both sides) with so-called "Equity courts" in England since well before the 17th century, they frequently represented a bulwark against the misuse of royal authority.  Competing court systems might be considered somewhat analogous to competing companies in the private sector:  Monopolies breed abuse; competition results in better service.  There is no reason to believe that this effect would be any less applicable in courts than other markets.
They might merely be a historical curiousity in America, except that the American Revolution had the predictable effect (supported by US court decision, apparently) that as a consequence of George III's loss and our win, all powers previously vested in the King were returned to the American people.  Some, but by no means all of them were delegated to the Federal government, as the 9th and 10th amendments show.  The really interesting part is that the authority to form common-law courts was never delegated to the Federal government, and (perhaps not surprisingly, considering recent  governmental abuses) a number of groups around the country have decided to form their own such commonlaw courts.  To American ears this will probably sound a bit like "taking the law into your own hands,"  but those courts are quite real and I predict they will become a substantially more powerful force in the next few years.  Since selection of judges is part of the powers originally owned by George III and lost by him, this means that ordinary people have the power to run those courts and staff them, as odd as this will feel to those of us who were brought up on Perry Mason et al.
Naturally, you can expect numerous lawyers and judges (all who consider themselves part of the competing "equity court" system, BTW) to cry foul.   The effect is somewhat akin to a child who initially shares a communal sandbox with a neighbor kid, who subsequently moves away and is replaced by a childless couple.  After a few years of de-facto sole ownership, the feelings of monopoly ownership are quite real, even if in reality sharing must once again happen due to the arrival of new neighbors.
Interestingly enough, the one thing the Commonlaw court system needs is an effective enforcement system.  One likely method is the commercial lien process, but even that tends to be resisted by people who are far more used to dealing with equity court personnel.  It turns out that my AP system seems to mesh almost perfectly with their needs, although obviously in practice it would only be used as a "last resort."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:00:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Black Unicorn exposed? 
It seems obvious that this exposure was entirely intentional by him.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-10 20:54:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
This is, generically, a dispute that the Federal government will eventually lose, I think within 10 years or so.  Commonlaw courts were quite real (in fact they pre-dated equity courts by at least 2-3 centuries), and they can rapidly reconstitute themselves along their original lines. There are, I think, two reasons that the equity court system (and their sleazy lawyers, both on and off the bench) are worried.  First, what they have now is, effectively, a monopoly on "justice."  The re-emergence of commonlaw courts would provide competition that has been long gone.  Think of it like any monopoly that suddenly has to accept competition.
  The second reason is that with the return of commonlaw courts will be eliminated the tradition (and that's all it was, effectively a tradition) of judicial immunity.  Imagine how easy it could be to bring criminal charges against judges, lawyers, cops, and others who are either "impossible" to sue or at least very difficult.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-10 22:40:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis 
I'd like to correct this impression.  Alan Olsen was, apparently, quite aware of my AP posts when I (and everyone else) was invited to the first Portland CP meeting.  I had heard no objection to them from him.  The meeting was advertised as being sufficiently confidential that he specifically requested that nobody take pictures or record the meeting, etc.  Fair enough, I thought.  I generally interpreted this to mean that the meeting was at least approximately "off the record."
Arriving at the meeting, I detected no indication that Alan Olsen was at all disturbed at me, or anything I had said previously.  At the meeting all went well, _or_so_I_thought_.    It was all very routine.  One thing I decided to mention, actually only hint at, was a technical capability that I was working one.   However, I gave merely the broadest hints; What I did say would certainly have sounded technically at least implausible, if not quite impossible.   (The situation was somewhat analogous to the old story about the blind men coming across an elephant; one touches only the tail and calls it a snake, the other touches a leg and calls it a tree, etc.)  Intentionally, I didn't explain how I would accomplish the goal I described.
Even so, there was still no indication from Alan Olsen that anything was amiss. And the meeting ended on that note.
Much to my surprise, Alan Olsen blurted out over the CP list only a barely fair description of what I had said (which itself was only the hints I chose to describe) and called me various names, etc.  I think he used the term "voodoo" to describe what I was planning to develop.  When, eventually, I _do_ explain the whole thing, and I repeat exactly what I told the assembled group, it will become obvious why what I described _sounded_ so implausible, yet was quite doable given modern technology.
I should point out that given how little I told, avoiding the REAL explanation, it could very well have been taken for voodoo.  And it didn't surprise me that SOMEBODY would have come to that impression.   The surprising and shocking thing about it was that he (Alan Olsen) violated the very confidentiality he had insisted on, without any sort of warning, and after-the-fact.  Needless to say, I raked him over the coals publicly, on CP, for having done this, and he was severely chastized because of this.  "Ripped him a new one"  might describe it, although he certainly deserved the treatment.
Obviously, a number of people on this list got the mistaken impression that this disagreement had something to do with my AP proposal.  As far as I know, quite the contrary, it did not.  But I saw two possibilities, after the fact:  One, Alan Olsen hid his disapproval for AP, hoping to catch me in some sort of contradiction.  Two, after he was embarrassed by my calling him on his bad behavior, he grabbed at the first thing he could think of to criticize me.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-10 22:55:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: WIPO Treaty:  Worse than CDA- Deadline 22 Nov 96 
Somebody must have said, once, that the winner in an argument is the one who gets to define the terms.  Notice how the term "protect" and "protection" are misused above. (not by Attila, of course; but by whomever he's quoting.)  However, the term "protect" has long been misused by lawyers in just such a way.  "Monopolize" would be a more appropriate word under the circumstances.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-11 18:55:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How many people killed by there own governments (Was: Re: a  retort + a comment + a question = [RANT]) 
Don't forget that the likely cause of the 1917 world-wide influenza pandemic was probably caused or greatly increased in seriousness by the WWI movement of soldiers, and the conditions at the front.    Had there been no war, there might still have been a very localized outbreak, but it would have been much less serious.
The estimate of 170 million seems a bit high, but not by much.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-12 10:41:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Not. [Was Re: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL?] 
But, apparently, during the 1800's states (?) and individual banks did indeed print their own currency.
The way I see it, a positive statement in the Constitution that the Feds have the power to coin money does not necessarily exclude other people/banks/states/foreign countries from doing likewise.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-12 22:58:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Not. [Was Re: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL?] 
This is yet another reason the Federal government is going to find it so difficult to ban or regulate digital cash.  With the collective precedents of paper money, then checks, then credit cards, then traveler's checks,  then debit cards, and so forth, the addition of yet another medium of exchange doesn't appear to be a really new concept.  Also, as far as I understand it, there is nothing illegal about spending (or accepting) foreign money inside the US, and in many if not most countries it is, likewise, not illegal to spend foreign money there as well.    Obviously, the precedents allowing digital cash far outweigh those which could be marshalled to prohibit it.\
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-13 21:52:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
As for the "self-selected" issue:  In almost all areas of human endeavor, things are (often?  usually?) done by people who are "self-selected."  I suggest that there is simply no reason that even "self-selected" courts cannot work.
And for the "wacko" part:  To a great extent, the people who would tend to oppose the re-emergence of commonlaw courts are those who are the ones who most benefit from the monopoly (oligopoly?) on justice which has developed over many decades.  Judges, prosecutors, and lawyers of course profit directly.  But psychologically, people wedded to a statist philosophy would have their precious worlds overturned.  They're not happy.  Also:  The reason for an (apparent, implied) association with extremism is, simply, because the system has been  suppressed (actively or passively) for so long that it tends to be the "extremists" which most notice the possibilities of a commonlaw court.  This is quite analogous with the fact that the label "extremists" was almost certainly applied to the revolutionaries who proposed the American Revolution, the abolition of slavery, giving the vote to women, pushed civil rights in the US during the 50's and 60's, etc.  By definition, people proposing a change in the status quo are "extremists," if they weren't they wouldn't be proposing a change, And this goes back to the "self-selected" issue above as well.  While the main work of commonlaw courts, today, is the reversal of the abuses of the equity court system, as the commonlaw courts become once again well accepted they will simply not need to stand out and look "extreme" as they may look to you, today.
You're obviously confused.  1.  Commonlaw courts predate the US Constitution by a few hundred years.  The former does not depend on the latter for authority or credibility.  2.  The US Constitution is, at most, a statement of the authority of the FEDERAL portion of government. It is, arguably, only a statement of the powers granted to the Feds by the people; it is most certainly not intended to be a statement of every right retained by the people.  (In fact, the 9th and 10th amendments make it clear that non-enumerated rights exist.)  No authority over commonlaw courts (such as appointing judges)  was given to the Feds by the people.
3. The Federal Constitution only references states, and I don't think it references state Constitutions at all.  Yet clearly state Constitutions exist.  Clearly, it isn't correct to say "if it isn't written down on paper then it does not exist."  For example, people are not "written down on paper," yet they exist...
You should have said, SOME courts.  Not "the courts," implying ALL the courts.  Notice that the US Federal Constitution (at least, to my recollection) does not describe or regulate state courts, or for that matter local courts.  Just Federal, which is as was intended.   Given this, there is no reason to assume that commonlaw courts need to be described, authorized, or regulated by the Feds.  If your argument is, "if it isn't defined by the Federal Constitution it doesn't exist," then you'd just destroyed your own argument.  This has absolutely nothing to do with the commonlaw court system.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-14 19:27:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Conspiring to commit voodoo 
This story further confirms my lack of respect for Unicorn.  While this story certainly teaches us to avoid contact with the police, it turns out that it ALSO shows that, ultimately, the current system is apparently set up to profit lawyers, police, judges, and other vermin.  Those groups made out just fine as a consequence of the above incident:  The cop(s) harassed a "safe" victim, rather than actually going out and doing their job.  A lawyer got paid the money for, at best, merely ceasing the harassment the cops started.  The judge made it all look "legal," although not proper, and could feel good about himself for (aside from collecting his paycheck) turning the victim loose.  In short, the harassment wasn't UNDONE, it was merely STOPPED, for now.  The cops had, in fact, succeeded in causing the victim to lose $300.  Which, interestingly enough, was  probably the point of the whole exercise.
AP, on the other hand, would have fixed this problem, permanently.  The cop would be dead, eventually if not immediately.  The lawyer would be out of a job, as well as the judge.  In practice, AP would have deterred all such abuse, which means that it would have succeeded where Unicorn's implicit recommendation ("get a lawyer") would have failed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-14 19:40:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
You might be surprised to learn that this kind of thing doesn't bother me at all.  To whatever extent such commonlaw courts act like loose cannons, they will primarily tend to do so against those who are most abusive of the public's perceived rights.  Like a non-lethal version of AP, those people who are most abusive of the public (primarily current government employees and officeholders) will be named most often in commonlaw court proceedings.  Eventually, they will begin to behave.
But commonlaw courts were not a product of previous constitutions.  And the US constitution certainly didn't "replace all previous constitutions":  state constitutions were "replaced."    The only document the Federal constitution arguably "replaced" was the Articles of the Confederation.
Ah!  So you admit that these courts were "previously existing," huh?  Well, if that's the case, merely read the 9th and 10th amendments and tell me how you're so sure that "all previously existing courts were extinguished."
Anyone in state court are "subjected to proceedings that are not authorized under the [Federal] constitution."  Clearly, state courts operated before the Federal Constitution existed.  And the "due process clause" may simply apply to the Federal government, not necessarily all individuals or the organizations they form.
There's a big inconsistency with what you just said.  It was the representatives of the STATES which WROTE the US Constitution.  Their ratification was _necessary_ to approve that document.  If states were not recognized, nor their representatives, they would have been unable to ratify the Federal constitution.  It would be, therefore, totally illogical to believe that the product of their writing could somehow "extinguish" the rights of the citizens, let alone the states.  You're obviously confused.
Whatever it said, it was not necessary to have said it.  The 9th and 10th amendments make it clear that any power not explicitly granted the Feds was reserved to the states or the people.
Oh, really?  It certainly isn't "criminal."  At most, you might try to claim that it is legally irrelevant.  After all, if commonlaw courts don't really exist, then nothing they do has legal weight, and thus it's a legal nullity.  But your commentary seems to indicate that no, what commonlaw courts do is not only real and significant, it's also going to be called "criminal."  In other words, it's a threat to the existing legal monopoly.
All of whom are trained to recognize the existing legal monopoly.
Of what relevance is this?  Sending a person to jail is only one of many ways a court can exercise its power.  "Society"?  I think you mean "the people who believe they are in charge."  The "thuggerati" would be one way to identify them.
The vast majority of the population of the US are simply unaware of commonlaw courts.  In fact, it's quite possible that the vast majority of the population can't quote even a single law verbatim.   The average person knows nothing of the history of commonlaw courts, and therefore what he "recognizes" is unlikely to include them  What "proceedings"?  You just said that commonlaw courts do not exist, and that their actions are legally irrelevant.  Why should an "intended victim" NEED to "apply to a real [sic] court for an injunction"?  An "injunction" is generally obtained to prevent somebody from doing something that he'd otherwise have the power (and, often, the right) to do absent the injunction.
They would only be "in contempt" if their actions were legally relevant, which you have already denied.
Your problem is obvious:  You're desperate, and you can't promote a consistent argument.  I, far more honestly, started by pointing out the fact that commonlaw courts are but one type of court, and they were in competition with equity courts in England for centuries.   It's a power stuggle, quite analogous to the free market, and if anything their long absense  will only make the competition keener.  Naturally, the opponents of commonlaw courts  (and, "opponents" are exactly what they are; they are biased on one side of the issue) want to deny past reality as well as prevent the resurgence of those courts.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-14 21:49:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Misleading.  And wrong.  Wrong, because existing state courts were not eliminated.  And misleading, because both "commonlaw" and "equity" courts were "those of King George."  At least, the judges were appointed by the King.  But the revolution merely meant that George no longer had the authority to appoint the judges; it does not mean that the courts were, themselves, eliminated as institutions.
"Extinguished"?  Like a fire, or something like that?  You really need to start using more exact terminology.  I think you're trying to read a lot more into the US Constitution than was written into it.  In order to be able to claim that it had an effect, you need to document that effect.  Find the particular section which "extinguished" a court.  Moreover, you need to explain why you're ignoring the 9th and 10th amendments, both of which make it clear that there was much continuity not affected by the Federal When did they not exist? Be very specific; are you referring to just America, or Britain as well?
You haven't documented this claim.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-15 19:35:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
WRONG!   One of the main principles of the US Constitution is that the government has no "rights," per se:  It merely has specific authority granted to it by the people and the states of America.  A treaty with a defeated monarch did not and could not grant authority to the Federal governemnt that it did not already have.
Also, you've screwed up on the timeline:  The Treaty of Paris was signed in 1783, and the US Constitution was finalized in 1787, four years later.  Quite simply, the Federal government of the US didn't exist when the Treaty was made. No "rights" could be transferred to a non-existent branch of I suppose you'll now claim that the "rights" were transferred to the states, right?  Well, the states did not have their own Constitutions, either.    And unless those Constitutions mentioned commonlaw courts, it's pretty obvious that the public did not anticipate including those powers in those state governments.  It is obvious that King George relinquished that power; what you'll be unable to show is that this power flowed to any entity other than the people of America, every one of them.
For every "bunch of klansmen" getting together, you'll have a few hundred bunches of far more reasonable people.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-21 17:31:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Patent Fight Could Add to Cost of Inter 
Notice, as usual, the Orwellian use of the word "protects" in the paragraph above.  While apparently written by a journalist, it echoes the usage of lawyers.  Nothing is really being "protected," it is being monopolized.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-25 21:04:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: market for hardware RNG? 
I'm considering building a PCB to make a hardware random number generator.  My first impression is that it will consist of a reverse-biased zener (for a broadband source of uncorrelated white noise) driving one of those one-chip FM recivers, with the audio output driving an 8-10 bit flash A/D convertor.  Fairly simple.  For cryptologic applications, the output would have to be hashed down to a somewhat smaller output of bits since not all outputs are equally probable, but I suppose after such massaging it could produce at least 2 bits of randomness per sample at a 10 kilosamples per second or so, possibly much more with a wideband receiver chip.
But on thinking about this a little more, I began to wonder if anybody really wants this.  Pessimistically, it occurs to me that:
1.  Many if not most people don't even understand why a hardware RNG is 2.  Users of programs like PGP today already get at least a fairly decent RNG already.  Would they want better?  (I'm not suggesting a total replacement; I assume that the output of any hardware RNG would be hashed with more "traditional" PC sources, like disk timings, keyboard timings, etc, which should deter attempts to attack just the hardware part.)
3.    Even hardware RNG's aren't "perfect":  they could be subverted, replaced, or perhaps influenced.  Would someone who was sufficiently sophisticated as to recognize the need for it actually accept a real, functioning device?
On the other hand... if this kind of pessimism had infected Phil Zimmermann before he wrote PGP 1.0, he might have deleted the first 50 lines of code, erased the file, and said, "fuck it!"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-28 23:07:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: market for hardware RNG? 
Re-read (read?) Applied Cryptography.  Hardware RNG's contain biases, even though they may only be tiny ones.  For example, a RNG based on radioactive decay and a geiger counter has a certain minimum "dead time" between decays that introduces a slight bias.  Most electronic circuits naively intended to generate random numbers contain similar biases.  If I build a device to generate ones and zeroes based on electronic noise, I must assume that there there will be some non-randomness in the output, however small.  This is somewhat equivalent to saying that there is somewhat less than 1.000000 bit of entropy in each bit of the RNG output.  If I recall correctly, a data stream with 0.5 bits of entropy per bit might be one that contains uncorrelated bits which are "0" 3/4s of the time, "1" 1/4 of the time.  Fortunately, as I recall it is possible to, in effect, "distill" the randomness of the sample using hashing.  Start out with 200 bits with 0.5 bits per bit of entropy, and you can produce 100 bits with 1.0000 bit per bit of entropy.  (Condensing the thing even further can't put more than 1 bit of entropy into each bit; but what it does do is provide some margin for entropy sources whose biases may vary somewhat.)  The advantage, however, is that it is probably far easier to distinguish 0.2 bits per bit of entropy from 0.1 bits, compared with distinguishing 0.99 bits from 1.000 bits.  If you know you have at least 0.2 bits per bit, hashing down a factor of 10 would produce a solidly random output.
If I understand the process correctly, this means that the "figure of merit" of any RNG should be the number of bits of randomized output it can successfully create per second.  100,000 bits per second of output with 0.5 bits of entropy per bit is, therefore, better than 10,000 bits with 1.000 bits per bit, because the former can be converted to 50,000 bits of unbiased output per second.  This result may not be exactly counter-intuitive, but it is at least NON-intuitive.   But what this does do is to provide an opportunity:  Build a circuit that generates reasonably random output at 10x rate, hash it down to 1x, and you can be reasonably certain that the result is cryptographically random.  The software could monitor the input to ensure that it remains substantially better than needed to guarantee random output.
I think if the hardware RNG could be corrupted and that would compromise the security appreciably, it WOULD be compromised in important-enough situations.  However, adding hashing with more "traditional" sources of randomness would make the job futile.  Corrupting the hardware RNG device would merely make the system fall back to the current level of security.
Well, we have a chicken-and-egg problem.  Until a commonly-used program (like PGP, maybe) easily gives the public the option to include a hardware RNG as part of its sources of randomness, few people will be inclined to implement such devices and they will remain atrociously expensive...so nobody will buy them.
Well, with all due respect, if Phil hesitates to install a hardware random source link into a piece of software simply because he thinks that to do so puts his reputation on the line, he's placing a high hurdle in front of the development of good, economical hardware randomizers.  There's plenty that software can do to protect itself from a compromised hardware RNG; monitoring the biases of the input and hashing it more than adequately is a good start.  It should be possible to ensure that a hardware RNG can only improve security, not reduce it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-11-29 09:47:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: market for hardware RNG? 
Thanks for the reference.  However, I was very unimpressed with their price of $295 dollars.  I don't doubt that there are certain organizations (banks?) which would have no problem affording them, but that's well out of the range of ordinary consumer items.    I just bought a 10x CDROM drive for $100; somehow I think that a hardware RNG should cost less than that.  Volume is a big issue, I suppose.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-02 11:57:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Export laws don't just affect crypto 
If ITAR exempts exports by missile, does that mean that we merely have to make a model rocket, put a floppy containing PGP in the payload compartment, and shoot the thing over the wall into Mexico, or into Canada?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-02 13:54:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can we kill single DES? 
Reluctantly, I'd have to say that I don't think this is a good idea.  If anything, what this would inadvertently demonstrate is how difficult (at least, with non-dedicated hardware) it is to crack DES. The resulting number will be misleading if it doesn't represent the real danger to encryption users.  I contend that a misleading estimate is actually worse than none at all, because it is a number which can be misused.  They can say, "Hey, these guys had to apply $10-20 million dollars worth of computer equipment for a full year just to get the contents of a SINGLE MESSAGE!"  The real danger is, indeed, a dedicated system, because it would presumably be the way a "real opponent" would do it.  First, my assumptions: I assume that it would be generally straighforward to build a cracking chip that tries 10 million keys per second, with a great deal of internal parallelism and pipelining.  This is a factor of 40 higher than the number you quoted above for a 100 MHz Pentium.  Further, I assume that at least 10 of these chips could be installed on a single card in a PC, monitored by a program running on that PC.  Thus, it would take 9133 years/400, or 23 years, for a single one of these modules to try all keys.  With "only" 100 of these units, a crack would take about 3 months max, 1.5 months on the average.
Now, THAT sounds like a real threat!  It would be a far more effective demonstration of the weakness of DES. Compared to this, the alternative, say an average of a crack in a year with 4500 machines, is practically meaningless.   An even more ominous configuration would involve perhaps 50 chips per full-length board, seven boards installed in a stripped-down  PC, which would produce a crack in 4 months average with one system alone.
So how would all this be done?  First, write a serious proposal for the project and circulate it among companies with fab capacity.   How about finding a custom, semi-custom, or other semiconductor manufacturer who would be willing to do the fab in exchange for the publicity, or a deep discount. It might be particularly "relevant" if that company had an interest in seeing DES discredited, possibly because it was going to be building an encryption chip with greater security. (NTT?  and their new encryption chip?)  Likewise, find a politically-sympathetic designer with access to IC layout software, etc.  The way I see it, there has to be a huge amount of unused 0.5-0.7 micron IC capacity around the world.  Remember, we're only talking about a few hundred wafers.
And for example, as I recall, I've seen a number of ads over the years for a company called "Orbit Semiconductor,"  which builds small-volume  IC's by putting a number of different designs on a single wafer.  The number of die per wafer is, more or less, based on the volume needed for that particular chip.  They do a new fab run fairly regularly, to accomodate designs with fast turnaround.  Presumably, they occasionally would like to do a run quickly without waiting for the wafer to "fill up" with new designs.  Anyway, the way I see it, you're probably going to burn up over a million dollars worth of ELECTRICITY alone on a single crack with Pentiums.  Why not get whoever is doing these cracks to donate 1/10th of this value to finance the portion of this project which cannot be "finagled"?
Maybe Microsoft would be willing to help?  After all, it is THEY who are going to be limited to DES-strength exports if things continue as they've been going.  How about Intel?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-02 14:40:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
An import restriction would be even less effective than the current export restrictions.  With an import restriction, a person need merely receive a given piece of software in the mail from an "unknown" benefactor, software that (surprise!) would have been illegal to import.  (the software doesn't even have to be mailed from outside the US, merely trucked in by a wetback and anonymously mailed by tossing it into the ubiquitous USnail PO Box.)   Redistribution of this software would have to be legal, if for no other reason than nobody could prove it was imported illegally.  Nobody outside the US would have any standing to sue for copyright violation, because they couldn't import it and sell it without restrictions.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-02 15:00:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Clipper III on the table 
HP, then, might be a good company to approach as a potential donor on a DES-cracker.   While they want to be able to portray their products as reasonably secure, at the same time they want to be able to de-fuse any export limits.  Showing that, say, $25,000 of hardware could crack DES in a year (and thus, presumably, $25 million could crack DES in 1/3 of a day, a budget available to the NSA et al.) would demonstrate that there's no strong reason to keep it restricted in any way.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-02 15:10:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
If this solution were really practical, it would have been tried already.  One of the biggest problems with enforcing anti-export laws is that there is no guarantee that anybody currently within the jurisdiction of the country involved (for concreteness, the US) is actually responsible for a given export.  Let alone KNOWN to be responsible.  And it's even less likely that it be "provable" within the standards of court cases.  Worse, doing the prosecution does nothing about returning the copies of the program to the country of origin, making the whole exercise pretty damn futile!
Clipper I was, I think, their best hope for promoting GAK.  It would have engineered distorted-market pressure by making it artificially easy to use GAK, hard to use non-GAK. Subsequent proposals have all been weaker, less effective, less practical, and less encompassing. And the "worst" part, from the point of view of the USG, is that it's now 3.5 years after the announcement of Clipper I, and they're no closer to foisting this turkey onto us.  Nobody in Congress is under the illusion that the public likes this stuff, unlike 1993 where they could at least imagine that there were no emotions running high on the subject.  In 1993, they were under the impression that they could implement their fondest desires with legislation; now the only likely legislation is either anti-GAK or non-GAK.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:15:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
I don't intend to be over-optimistic, but I think there was a good reason that even in the Clipper I proposal, it was (at least) _called_ "voluntary."  However much they'd like to make it mandatory, they know that this wouldn't fly.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:43:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NYT on IBM GAK 
Wouldn't a letter-writing campaign be in order here?  How often do these companies get protest letters?  Generally, my experience has been that people actually listen to such objections, if for no other reason than they are usually so rare.  The moment I first heard of "Clipper," I looked up the manufacturer of the "Clipper" microprocessor (assuming that there was a connection) and called that company, fully prepared to "ream them a new one!"  It turned out that they had nothing to do with the chip, etc, appreciated my call, and were entirely sympathetic.  While that was an uninvolved company, I think it's likely that some corporate decisions are based on the assumption that the public won't notice.  Give them enough feedback and they'll react.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 11:03:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
The "impractical" I was referring to is the impracticality of the government implementing and enforcing restrictions on communications using (non-GAK) crypto.  The only place this seems to exist is in ham radio.
The crypto itself is eminently practical, as the PGP example makes absolutely clear.
"I predict they won't be able to do it."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 12:59:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ITAR satellite provision 
Okay, everybody, call Estes!  We've got some crypto to export...er...launch!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 14:21:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: REM_ail 
REM_ail
Now that Helsingius has shut down Penet, what's to stop him from simply LYING about the source of the messages in question, maybe claiming that they came from the output of a cypherpunks remailer and are thus permanently (one feature it might have been useful for him to have included in Penet is the ability of the user to re-address a return address, which would presumably erase the original address in the records.  Just sending email and some particular password would do it...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 19:11:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can we kill single DES? 
It seems to me that very little communication over the ISA/PCI bus should be necessary.  If the Custom/FPGA/Whatever chips are reasonably self-managing, you'd just need to query them every second or so to see if they've found a solution yet.  (My WAG is that the chips would be initially set up to start checking at a particular key, with the decrypt done and the checking for equality with the target data done automatically.  If the data is the same as the target data, the processor would halt  (possibly setting some sort of daisy-chained interrupt?) and wait to be queried by the host processor.  Otherwise it would increment the key, and try again at 10 million checks per second. The whole thing would probably be fully pipelined, for obvious reasons.)   Putting "N" such chips on a board should be quite doable, with an essentially unlimited expandability, possibly in large (10 by 10?  20 by 20?) arrays, but then you couldn't install it directly as an ISA card.  Admittedly this is all just trivial layout work, but as you pointed out it would be nice if the package was reasonably slick-looking.  Making a 10-by-10-by-10(card) cube would be theatrical, if nothing else.  (as I understand it, immersing the whole thing in a vat of Freon to keep the chips cool and watching the thing bubble merrily away is great fun.)
Remember that part of this project may be to bring such a device to a Congressional hearing as a prop, and say that "this box can crack a DES encrypt in an average of 1.5 months" or something like that.
I wouldn't imagine the power of the host computer would be at all relevant, however.  Right?  And DRAM requirements should be, well, fairly small.
This confuses me.  Are you anticipating that the host processor would be doing a substantial amount of the work?
_IF_ the amount of handshaking needed from the host processor is extremely low, there is essentially no limit to how many such processors could be attached to even a low-power '386 or so. Well, I can't say I have any experience in the area of trying to stir up support for a project in this area, but I think it would at least be nice to know that there is a willing fab BEFORE the design is completed.  For one thing, fabs have small but significant differences in their capabilities.   Two layers of poly and two of metal are probably more than enough to accomplish this, but taking advantage of greater capabilities wouldnt' be possible if the design had already been completed.  I'd sure hate to hear, "yeah, we can give you a two-layer-metal process, but your 3-layer metal design won't fit!"
BTW, I'm not rejecting the idea of using an FPGA.  Other people know a lot more about their current capabilities than I do, and if they know a modern FPGA will implement a DES crack, great.  The big advantage of an FPGA is that it is a relatively high-volume product and it shouldn't be hard to either get a donation of them or buy them for a reasonable price.  On the other hand, can they really implement all the internal logic required to crack DES?  A custom chip would make this trivial, I'd think.
This may be another reason to shop around for the fab early.  Some people may be hard to convince, or perhaps they would be willing to help if they were given a certain number of months to plan.  I can see that figuring out the approximate size of the chip, as well as power consumption (defines the package, pin count, etc) is important.  Maybe they're all busy building DRAMs!  Associated with that  80% drop in DRAM prices between January of this year and today, is what I've vaguely heard is an approximate doubling in part volume.  Well, let's see.  Assume we're talking 150 watts of power per computer, at a price of about 10 cents per kwh.  That's 3.6 kwh per day, or 36 cents per day.  This works out to about $131 per computer-year, or $591,000 of electricity for 4500 machines.  Okay, I was a little off, but you get the Obviously, things would help out a bit if the monitor were turned off, or the hard drives were shut down, etc,  or you were in an area with cheaper Well, okay, but let's not burn our bridges too quick.
I suppose one possible problem with Intel is that most of their fabs are likely to be dedicated to extremely high-value parts, as opposed to garden-variety MOS.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 05:48:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Flood Warning 
This is apparently no longer valid.  Is there a new one?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 06:00:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: NYT on IBM GAK 
The problem is that the appearance of defeat could easily guaranteee the real defeat itself.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 06:20:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fw: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
Too bad you didn't support this with a logical argument.  The wording was clearly intended to be an exception to a rule.  What the wording doesn't include is the "exception to the exception," most likely because they weren't thinking in too great a detail when they wrote the regulations.  But if the regulation is "wrong," the fault of that is those who wrote the regulation.  (and we, the public, are entitled to assume that the regulation is "right" in its literal meaning.)
It appears that the government left a loophole so large that  you could drive a truck...er...shoot a rocket through it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 07:57:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
While I agree we shouldn't push the crypto/arms connection, on the other hand I think we can push BACK:  If the government tries to equate crypto with arms,take the position that while we disagree with this equation, to the extent the government is using it, it must take the good with the bad and accept the "keep and bear arms" interpretation literally.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 10:30:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
If the wimps at the NRA had any guts, they  would poll their membership, asking if anybody would be willing to make "the sacrifice" (presumably due to a recent terminal illness diagnosis).  Then, they'd get on the phone to the Supreme Court, and point out that they'd just noticed that Supreme Court appoints were ONLY "good for life" and suggest nicely that if all of the above outrages (WRT guns) weren't reversed within the year, they predict about nine open seats shortly thereafter.
Okay, maybe it's only wishful thinking, but...
If you take the position that all human life is equally valuable, then you must concede that the deaths of nine fools is no worse than the deaths of nine randomly-selected individuals who found themselves the victim of gun laws.
Crypto relevancy?  Well, the so-called "gun nuts" have already tolerated far more regulation and restriction of guns than we should ever accept.  But if we use their tactics, can we expect any better results?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 11:51:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Clipper spin [was Re:Flood Warning] 
Idea 1:  It should be called "International Weakened Encryption."
Idea 2:  The "alliance" term above in the URL should be replaced with "Axis."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:45:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fw: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
Sure about that?  The regulation said something like "launch vehicle" or "launch," apparently indicating that a "launch vehicle" could actually be exported, THEN launched, etc, without violating ITAR.  And since the regulation does not go into any detail about the "launch", other than it is a "launch" (and does not explicitly prohibit landing subsequent to launch) the implication is that there is no prohibition.
I still think the regulation was just written sloppily.   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:58:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: support for "crack DES" 
Just remember that it would be far better to make the crack look easy, than to make it look hard.  quantity 9000+, $1,000 Pentiums for a year (plus maybe $500,000 in electricity) looks "hard."   1000 dedicated chips (whether they be FPGA or custom or...) for 1.5 months or so looks "easy."
The latter crack looks far more likely to be repeated.  The former is OBVIOUSLY a stunt.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 13:59:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: gack vs. key escrow vs. key recovery 
We don't think they're all NECESSARILY evil...they just turn out that way.
Whose fault is this?
Phase of moon?  Season?  Maybe it has something to do with the 11-year sunspot cycle?  Bi-millenialism?
The government seems to be BEHAVING as if it is always going to be our enemy.    Whose fault is that?
And it is our goal to not "get forked."
That's me...
On the contrary:  The existence of a "legal warrant" doesn't mean that the government ought to (or even can) get access to data via a "key recovery" system.  It's been mentioned numerous times that there are plenty of things that could be done (multiple encryption; encryption of GAK'd key; foreign key escrow with no request cooperation, etc) to prevent this.
We also live in a violent, oppressive society.  Does this mean that we shouldn't try to fix its problems?
Pollyanna, meet Eric Blair.
No, they're going to lean towards yet another system, (3), whatever suits them.
If it had not had the desire to "twist this process to evil ends" government wouldn't have interfered with the natural development of key-keeping systems which serve only the key owner, not anyone else.
And I am in favor of some kind of mechanism by which the government can be destroyed by ordinary citizens.
I'd disagree with that.  I've devised a system...
I guess that means that anything they call "reasonable," you'll agree with?
Hint:  Between about 1932 and 1968, wiretaps in the US were ILLEGAL.  Nevertheless, they were done anyway, by the telephone company on request by the cops. (they were not admissible in court, however.)   Question:  Should we define the standard of 'reasonable' on the opinion of a group of people (cops, officials, politicians) who have a proven habit of using illegal techniques to get information?
Apparently, cops are unwilling to let illegality get in their way.  I'd say, on the whole, cops must have a rather enormous motivation to get wiretaps, and only a fool would think that this would fail to motivate them to adjust their standard of "reasonableness."
So far, such an opinion would fit the facts far better than anything you've said so far.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 15:41:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The New GAK-Clipper Thing will Fail 
Sort of like a "political" version of Zeno's paradox?    B^)
And I suspect that there will be large numbers of people using non-GAK simply as a protest.  Trying to convict even one of them will be difficult; the government has to admit that they're not doing anything illegal, etc.  Yet, if the gov't FAILS to prosecute them, that'll destroy an law requiring I think it would be appropriate to contact each of the companies which have publicly signed on to this most recent propsal (Clipper 3.XX?  Clipper IV?) and point out that (if they still won't revoke their approval) they should publicly and irrevocably commit to challenge each and every key subpoena with a full legal challenge (to the SC if necessary), INCLUDING informing and participation of the key owner/user, with all of his attorney fees paid for by an insurance policy issued specifically for the purpose.  This process would probably take at least months, if not years.
(This is important, because I believe that wiretaps have set a false precedent:  AT+T (before breakup) and local telcos afterwards, being monopolies, had no motivation to challenge wiretap orders, and the practice was to not inform those tapped, perhaps not even after the tap was removed.  There is no reason to assume, however, that key-escrow systems should follow that precedent, because the relationship between AT+T and government was not an "arm's length" one.  Presumably, key-escrow companies should be entitled, no REQUIRED to verify the legitimacy of any key-release.  "It's only fair!"  )
The resulting legal atmosphere would become so distasteful to the Dept. of Injustice that it would make key escrow useless as a practical tool, even though it would exist as a technicality.  If the DOI objected, companies need merely say the magic words "Richard Jewell" and all ordinary citizens would recognize the problem.
The point, of course, is NOT to encourage these companies to support Clipper IV.  Rather, goal is to suggest to them a "poison pill" which would make their cooperation meaningless in the end, while at the same time giving them a 2-year free 56-bit export.  Think of it as a monkey-wrench they can throw into the works.
We can use such a proposal as a sort-of "loyalty to freedom and their fellow citizens oath" because any company which refused such a REASONABLE protection to ordinary citizens would be, in effect, giving their middle finger to the public.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 20:11:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NOISE] ITAR Satellite 
No... not exactly.
"Vhen the rockets go up...
who cares vhere they come down...
That's not my department...
says Werner Von Braun."
Tom Lehrer.  1965.  "That was the year that Was."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-04 21:33:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Macintosh -- the Surveillance System for the Rest of Us 
I know what probably happened. A new high-level manager at Apple picked up some old dusty videotape off the shelf, labelled "Super Bowl 1984", played it and said, "Yah know, that guy on the screen was making a hell of a lot of sense until that trouble-makin' bitch smashed it!"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 08:41:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting Clipper III 
If those "Big Brother Inside" stickers are re-printed, in fine print should be included a web-page at which more information could be obtained.  See, I anticipate actually visiting local hardware/software sellers and placing those labels.  Including an address would allow people to get far more information, and get involved.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 09:09:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fw: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
That's _my_ interpretation.  I look at it this way:  Missile launches can 1.  Return to the country of origin.
2.  Splash down in International waters.
3.  land on foreign soil.
4.  Orbit for awhile and land "somewhere."
5.  Orbit essentially forever.
6.  Go somewhere in space other than an earth orbit.
All this stuff is obvious to the people who wrote the regulation. In addition, it is not necessarily certain which of these outcomes will occur in any given launch.   The terminology in the rule above does not distinguish any of these outcomes.  In the absense of further clarification, it is logical to conclude that which particular route the missile subsequently takes is irrelevant to the applicability of the exception.
This is particularly true, since the writers of that regulation were free to add clarification should they have chosen to do so.  Further, that they DIDN'T "clarify" is logical, because if the outcome of any given missile may be uncertain, and assuming that this regulation was written as a mutual-suck-up maneuver between government and industry, it is reasonable to assume that the regulation would be interpretated to immunize the launcher regardless of the launch's outcome.  One can reasonably suppose that Rockwell wouldn't want to be declared in violation of ITAR simply because the second stage of a rocket failed and dropped a crypto-carrying satellite onto China.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 10:08:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MacGAK: Tim has a snit. Again. 
Aw, C'mon Bob!  I resent being placed in the same short list as Nuri and Vulis.  While some people may consider my ideas to be similarly wacky, I try to not be NEARLY as rude as those other guys (singular?).
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 13:07:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
I've read references to polls which repeatedly show that well over 60% of the public is opposed to wiretaps, period.
But no, I'm under no illusion that even a legal challenge would be respected.
Well, I agree it should be challenged, but if anything my point is that the reason it wasn't challenged was the fact that wiretap targets are never given the opportunity.  (Note for the clueless out there: An after-the-fact challenge doesn't count.  Apparently, "non-incriminating" wiretaps are essentially never announced to the victim...er...target.  And judges are sufficiently biased, gutless, and brainless that they almost never throw out the _incriminating_ results of a wiretap warrant.  THis is for the same reason Judge Ito didn't throw out the evidence the four crooked detectives got in OJ's house, after jumping the fence without a warrant, claiming that they were afraid somebody was in danger inside.  As I'm fond of saying, "Fuhrman pretended to tell the truth, and Ito pretended to believe him.")
No, not at all.  The point is that acknowledged illegal tactics (remember, wiretaps were illegal before 1968, but they were done!) may be unquestionably "useful," but that doesn't mean that they are acceptable.  If anything, the fact that cops would use illegal tactics proves that they aren't very good judges of what tactics are appropriate.  Furthermore, the fact that telephone companies ALLOWED cops to do illegal wiretaps before 1968 (and even assisted them) proves that you can't depend on them to limit these tactics to reasonable limits.
Since up until now people have not had a choice, I think it's appropriate to assume that every telephone customer would have been entitled to insist on an anti-wiretap clause, and got it.
That's misleading.  If a cop wants in your house to collect evidence but he doesn't have a warrant, not letting him in is "withholding evidence."   But that's obviously okay.  So you need to qualify that claim.
That depends on whose burden of proof you think it is.  Since:
1.  Wiretaps were done illegally before 1968, demonstrating that the people involved (cops, government officials) don't think they have to obey the law anyway.  This should destroy any presumption on your part that wiretaps are constitutional, because those people are the main ones pushing wiretaps.
2.  60% of the public opposes wiretaps, period.  (I think it's arguable that if most of the public decides that society should do without wiretaps, they are entitled to do this.  Otherwise, "Who's country is it?")
3.  Wiretaps do not resemble ordinary searches, because the target is not informed, and he's not given a chance to challenge them.
4.  Wiretaps have "never" been adequately challenged, precisely because the only outside people who know about them have no motivation to do them.  (Primarily telephone companies.)
I'd say the bulk of the evidence is that the legal system accepts wiretaps simply as a convenience, without genuinely believing that they are No, YOU'RE mixing it up.  _DOMESTIC_ wiretaps are being compared with DOMESTIC use of encryption.  ITAR says nothing about wiretaps.  The government is pushing Clipper et al based primarily on domestic wiretap issues.
Not really.  It's just that when there's enough evidence of dishonesty already in the treatment of this issue in the courts, there is no reason to presume that the right decision will be reached in the future.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 13:32:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
I've been saying this for years!  I think that one of the most telling arguments is that the main (if not the only!) reason that wiretaps are kept secret is that, for obvious technical reasons, they CAN BE kept secret!   Pardon me for being facetious, but I see no principle in the Constitution that states "Anything the government can get away with is okay," so I think it's predictable that wiretap law would be constitutionally defective.  If wiretaps had been somehow impossible to accomplish secretly, nobody today would believe that secrecy was somehow allowable! It didn't have to be this way.  The SC might simply have said that wiretap warrants must follow the same rules all other warrants followed, meaning that the target is informed of the tap when it is placed.  Sure, the police would howl, complaining that they'll never hear anything "useful" if the target is informed, but then again, the Constitution cannot guarantee that any particular search would achieve its intended results.
Are police entitled to use thumbscrews if simply asking a question won't get the "right" answer"?  I don't think so.  One thing that was very important to those who wrote the US Constitution was the sanctity of contracts.  The idea was, presumably, that any citizen should be entitled to enter into agreements with others without fearing that the terms of those contracts would be abused/changed by the government.  (assuming those terms were legal.)  By its very nature, a (secret) wiretap warrant violates the right of a person to CHALLENGE the warrant, and it also requires the other person (telephone company?) to break what is or should be an implied right of user to private communications.
I think it's really very simple.  Wiretaps in the US were illegal until 1968.  Congress had repeatedly refused to authorize them, although they were done anyway but were not admissible in court. (proving that the same kind of people who will tell you wiretaps are "reasonable" apparently think it's "reasonable" to break the law for their own goals...)   1968 was a time of great (and well-justified!) turmoil in the country.   And prior to and subsequent to 1968, until about 1983, telephone service (both local and LD) were monopolized, so the only entity which was aware of those wiretaps and could thus challenge them had a non-arm's-length relationship with the US Government.  Even subsequent to 1983, local service is still monopolized, although that will shortly change.  (This monopoly status has helped confuse the issue, because being a monoply a telephone company must deal with the government and is dependant on it, and morever a customer is not entitled to "shop around" for a more trustworthy source of phone service.)
As I understand it, there is a principle in law that all affected parties to a dispute must be included in a proceeding. (To ensure that each can protect his own rights.)  Obviously, targets of wiretaps have not been informed, and thus can't possibly have been included.  There is, therefore, no reason to believe that the rights of wiretap-targets have been protected, and further it seems apparent that any relevant precedents which have been set in the wiretap era cannot be considered Constitutionally valid.  Of course, some lawyers (who have been trained to accept the status quo with little or no challenge) will disagree!  However, those same lawyers would have accepted the Dred Scott decision without question, Plessy vs. Fergusen, etc.
While I'm sure that I will be corrected if this is wrong, somehow I doubt whether there has EVER been a "before-the-fact", full challenge of a wiretap order _including_ representation for the target of the wiretap.  Further, I also doubt whether there is frequently ANY SORT of challenge to a wiretap  by a telephone company, even when the target was not informed.  Quite simply, the telephone company does not consider itself to be in the business of protecting the rights of its customers!  And without real challenges, there can be no presumed validity to such warrants.
Since it has always been legal to use encryption (in the US), they're really not "challenging the cryptographic status quo."  Rather, they are trying prevent the "cryptographic status quo" from being CHANGED to match the desires of the government.   (naturally, the government tries to misrepresent this...)    The government uses phrases like, "preserving law-enforcement access," implying that they're somehow maintaining the status quo, when they're actually trying to change it.  What's changing now (for engineering reasons) is the practicality of encryption (actually, the expense!), not the legality. The government wants to change the law, in order to make illegal what was previously impractical.
I don't know about you, but somehow I'm past the idea that it's possible to reliably get unbiased justice in court.  Know what I mean?
Even so, if there's one thing we need, it's a challenge to ensure that the "fully-caved-in" telephone companies precedent doesn't get automatically assumed valid for ISP wiretap orders.
I like the first part of your comment, but let there be no illusion that failure to get the government thugs to admit that wiretapping is unconstitutional (per se or as done) somehow means that Clipper is legitimate.
However, one doesn't have to be a libertarian to conclude that wiretap law is disjoint from the rest of search-warrant precedent.  Fortunately, the advent of good encryption should (if it is allowed to) make wiretap law irrelevant.  In a sense, technology will be fixing a legal error.  (This fix would have been far quicker and cheaper if it had been accomplished using firearms, but that's another story.)
Well, they don't technically need the "cooperation," but they are still required to inform the target.  For example, if they get a search warrant for a house that happens to be empty when they show up, they are obligated to leave notice of the search and lists of what was taken.  Apparently they need to do this EVEN IF they would have been able to get into the house surreptitiously without leaving any trace.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 14:57:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The New GAK-Clipper Thing will Fail 
There's an uncomfortable "tactics" problem, associated with my previous suggestions.  To say something like, "we think you ought to change that GAK proposal by [fill in the blank]", at least IMPLIES that it will somehow be "acceptable" should that change be made.   Well, to me, no GAK will ever be acceptable.  Even so, I think it would still be tactically useful to help sabotaging GAK by "improving it to death."  I start by assuming that most of the companies who signed onto the Axis ("alliance") would really have preferred to NOT see GAK, everything else being the same.  They want the goodies; they don't want the shit.  I think they should be approached by pointing this out, and suggesting that if they want to limit the negative publicity they'll surely get from this plan, while at the same time collecting the goodies the government is offering, they can conveniently and publicly "interpret" their rights broadly, announce that they'll structure their systems in the least government-friendly way possible.
All this should be possible, because of the fact that this proposal isn't really even settled.  In fact, it doesn't even ask the participants to show their plan immediately, merely after two years or so.
Insisting that the government pay for all legal challenges is a good start, and refusing to do any GAK transfer without a court challenge.
Another thing they could do is to insist that 56-bits of key always remain non-GAK.  (perhaps increasing at the rate of two bits every three years.)  This would make GAK essentially useless for that drift-net fishing that's often talked about, because even a sudden policy change forcing "key-escrow" people to give up all their keys will still make decrypting a message a pain.  It would also make it easier to use super-encryption, because finding that needle in that 2**56 haystack would make it impossible to prove which particular decrypt contained a further-encrypted message: Even if super-encryption were outlawed, it would become essentially impossible to prove that none of the other (2**56)-1 messages were not some valid, non-super-encrypted message.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-05 17:35:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Electromagnetic Pulse 
What about the neutrons?  What is the effect of a neutron flux on silicon devices?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-06 09:27:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: anonymous oddsman 
What "integrity"?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-06 11:35:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
Then you ignored the rest of my commentary.  While wiretaps were narrowly held "constitutional" in about 1932, as I vaguely recall, that doesn't mean that they were LEGAL:  On numerous occasions subsequent to 1932,  Congress rejected laws which would have legalized the use of wiretaps.  They were not provided for under law.  Obviously, you could take the position that Congress could have approved of them at any time, as they did in 1968, but apparently it took such approval to _legalize_ them.
My position, of course, is that they are unconstitutional, period.  But I also believe that the cops' use of wiretaps during this period when they were _illegal_ undermines their credibility and judgment when they claim they were constitutional.  Minor point?  Maybe, but it seems to me that anybody who tries to claim that he's on the side of the legal system's dictates has a bit of a problem if it turns out he's been engaging in illegal activity regularly.
You're ENTIRELY misunderstanding (or misrepresenting) what I'm saying!  I'm well aware that the SC disagrees, but that is simply because they are entirely wrong in this matter.  Why should this surprise you?  Given the rash of 5-4 decisions in the last few years, there can be no illusion that they always come to the right decision.   I don't claim that they agree with me, quite the opposite.  But if anything, their error justifies removing them by whatever level of force turns out to be necessary.
Which, then, is entirely my point:  The reason I think it's going to be necessary to "put THEM in prison or kill THEM" is because they will 'never' accept the correct interpretation of the Constitution. (See?  I simply DO NOT ACCEPT the SC's "supremacy" in this.  Neither did the founding fathers, BTW.  The people are supreme, and by that I DO NOT MEAN 50%+1 of the people, "Never" you ask?  Okay, strictly speaking, the SC is very occasionally capable of admitting that it was wrong.  But frankly, I don't think they have the _right_ to be wrong, and I don't feel that the hypothetical possibility that they may fix their collective heads some day is a valid argument against loading up an ANFO bomb in a Ryder truck.  (there may be _other_ reasons against this, of course, and I'd prefer a more selective That is yet another issue that has yet to be properly challenged.  "Without a challenge that includes all parties, how can we be sure of any decision that doesn't include all parties?"
Your statement is inadvertently illuminating.  Legal decisions are not supposed to be made by people who have a stake in the outcome.  Here, you are acknowledging that there is no way to expect the current legal system will come to any kind of objective  decision concerning these matters, precisely because they would reject any decision which was seen as "mak[ing] law enforcement effectively impossible."  This sounds like a classic conflict-of-interest, huh?  It's not quite the same as receiving a bribe, or falsely convicting an ex-wife's lover of murder, or some sort of purely personal issue.  Nevertheless, it is a conflict of interest.
And BTW, you vastly overstated your case by suggesting that the rejection of wiretaps would "make law enforcement...effectively impossible."  Before telephones, there were no wiretaps, right?!?  (I won't claim "justice was done," then, but they would have claimed it was...)    And even today, probably 99%+ of cases decided by  courts within the US do not contain any wiretap evidence at all (I invite you to correct me if I'm wrong, here!) so I suggest that it is obvious that even the complete rejection of wiretaps wouldn't "make law enforcement...effectively impossible."  (how could it?)
So were you just exaggerating for effect?  No, I don't think so.  You just demonstrated the typical kind of biased, "the ends justifies the means" myopia which probably affects nearly all judges and cops, and most lawyers.
As penance, I suggest you go back and re-visit the issue.  Just exactly how "effectively impossible" must a decision make law enforcement before a judge will decide the other way on the legitimacy of a tactic?  I don't doubt that the Star Chamber thought that racks, thumbscrews, and various other torture implements were necessary for _their_ job...
No, actually it's potentially quite useful!  It's just highly embarrassing for anyone who has a strong psychological stake in working entirely within the American legal system.
Ultimately, I don't think there's even a choice in the matter:  The current system WILL be dropped, possibly directly onto the heads of the people who currently populate it!  Are you going to be part of the solution, or part of the problem?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-06 14:31:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
This reminds me...   Years ago, somebody developed a technique called "Voice Stress Analysis," which was supposed to detect small variations in a person's voice in response to stress.  Not exactly a lie-detector, but it was supposed to do nearly the same thing.   Does anybody plan to analyze the debates for stress?  Is there software to do this?  (Tried to do a web-search; didn't see anything.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-07 03:24:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
Cryptography is, basically, the area of hidden meanings.  In a sense, a voice-stress analyzer is intended to seek out hidden meanings in a person's statements.  So I'd say it's as on-topic as most of the stuff 'round here.
One thing I wonder is this:  Can the stress indications be removed from a voice-containing signal by some sophisticated DSP processing?  Just look for whatever effect that indicates stress, add it in equal and negative amounts to eliminate the apparent stress, etc.    It might not make sense for anything less "critical" than debates, but if the control of the debates is as monopolized as we think it is, it is reasonable to think that debate participants would insist on a certain level of control over the audio signal.
Well, I sorta assumed this.  But I would still be interested to get some kind of quantitative feedback on the debates.  If anything, the ABSENSE of the news media's attempting to use voice-stress analysis is telling.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-07 05:35:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
How about "DuPont-lure fishing"?
is of course low. The speaker at SAFE pointed out that the FBI
You should also factor in the government's ability to store what they can't immediately decrypt, which drastically changes the playing field with regard to encryption.  It was at least five years ago when I first read about a system to record data on so-called "digital paper," which was actually a plastic with a photo-writable layer similar to write-once CD's.    It could be formed in any configuration, but perhaps one of the more intriguing (due to the large writable area) is on large reels similar to 1/2" magtape.  As I recall, they claimed that such a reel could hold 1 terabyte of data.
Sure, such a capacity is small compared with the total Internet traffic, but I assume that most traffic could be excluded from recording if its source was known, etc.  They'd exclude anything from "probably-okay" web pages, they'd trim space-hogging graphics, etc.  "Just the facts, ma'am."     Call the whole thing "retroactive-selective-drift-net-fishing," if you will.
Once this data is stored away the government would determine (perhaps years after the fact?) which data they want to decrypt, possibly based on crimes committed long after the data was recorded.  This information might reveal contacts, etc.   Obviously they have no prayer of doing real-time analysis.  Even so, it makes it far more practical to do the equivalent of drift-net fishing if they can exclude 99.9999%+ of the traffic from their decryption attempts.  56-bit encryption doesn't look so ominous to them in this case.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-07 08:34:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
Really?  Where'd you hear this? I suppose it's not beyond the realm of possibility, but that would be rather sophisticated programming, particularly in real-time.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-07 12:31:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Another view of anarchy... 
However, it won't really matter, will it?  Unless a person is REALLY atypical, nearly all the people he'd want to see dead are similarly hated by thousands or millions of others, or they are in classes of people who are hated by millions for what they do. (criminals, cops, politicians, and despots both domestic and foreign etc.)  That being the case, you personally would probably never have to donate anything; you're pretty well assured that other people will do this "work" for you.  This is as it should be, I Furthermore, most of your potential targets (were you to want to name them) would probably be fully aware of their vulnerability, and would resign or run away or start behaving in hopes of surviving.  All this is why I think that the status quo might collapse rather suddenly, as in Eastern Europe 1989, where in the span of a couple weeks the governments fell comparatively bloodlessly.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-08 05:36:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can somebody unsubscribe cyberpromo from CP? 
I think somebody subscribed that Cyberpromo organization to the Cypherpunks list.  It needs to be unsubscribed...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-08 08:07:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
approximately 5k in the early 1970's the hagoth hs-2 was the early 80;s for 2k .. The technical details look vaguely familiar, but I probably last read them two decades ago.  It doesn't sound like  it would be too complicated to implement, with ordinary phase-lock loops, switched-capacitor filters, and other analog building blocks.
I'll  have to look that up.  Was it a DSP or some analog implementation?  Most importantly, does it seem to WORK?  Yes, it occurs to me that a vocorder-type compression/decompression of the voice would, effectively, remove FM modulation by averaging out short-term variations in voice frequencies.
I think it's particularly revealing that the TV networks don't try to use it.  They're supposed to be looking for an edge, something to make the news seem more interesting.  The political establishment would see the publicizing of  this as going beyond an unwritten limitation on the media.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-08 09:41:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: You can be forced to turn over your encryption keys? 
I think that there was an idea that appeared in the last few months around here, which took advantage of the fact that a one-time pad makes all decrypts equally likely.  If the cops sieze an apparently-encrypted file and they insist on the key, just ask them to give you the file back (although presumably you already had it) and present them with the OTP, revealing the fact (surprise!!!) that the thing decrypts to (for just one example) the first "N" bytes of the King James Bible, or the Cybernomicon, or "War and Peace" or the stock exchange results for August 1, 1989, etc...
This suggests that there is a reason to have a program which uses OTP techniques but generates files which "look like" valid PGP output. The judge can't force you to reveal what you don't know, but more importantly if you give him a "key" that might be the correct one, and assuming it is impossible to prove that it wasn't the correct key, then it would be somewhat pointless and certainly unjustified for him to continue to insist on providing yet another key.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-08 13:10:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
Grandly ignoring the 5th amendment, I see?!?  I don't see any contradiction:  We can look to the Constitution, simultaneously, for rights for ourselves AND for restrictions on government. Now _THAT'S_ a very valid point.  Unicorn totally ignored that issue.  I pointed out my expectation that the only reason wiretaps are secret is their technical ability to do them while staying secret.
I've occasionally pointed out that if tomorrow, scientists discover some sort of teleport system that allows cops to sneak through walls, at the same time being invisible, cops and judges will suddenly announce that the requirement that people searched need to be informed of that search is, uh, no longer applicable.
This is a problem.  No, not the precise hypothetical I imagined above; I don't think it's going to be possible as stated for a long time and probably never.  The problem, however, is that "the authorities" have respect for the rights of the citizens more in the breach than in the observance, and if they find what they consider to be a good reason to ignore them, they will with little hesitation.
It's particularly pointless that some of these lawyers keep saying things like, "You don't understand how the law works!" when it is quite obvious that in most cases, the people who are complaining DO know enough about how the law works to identify when it is being abused.  This is not surprising:  For example, I can't ice-skate worth beans, but I easily tell the difference between a bad and a good ice-skater.  I can't make music, but I can tell the difference between bad and good music.  I don't know much about architecture, but if I see a building collapse I can see that somebody made a mistake.  I don't act, but I can tell the different between a good and bad It is a frequent conceit among "experts" that the only people who should be able to criticize them are people who know as much as they do on a particular subject.  Black Unicorn is particularly bad in this regard.
Probably mostly because they expect that the government is going to be completely unwilling to admit that it's wrong.  In fact, of course, that's exactly why the government is very much afraid of the advent of good encryption:  Ubiquitous crypto telephones make the government's use of wiretapping irrelevant, totally without regard to what any cop or judge or prosecutor says.  Fundamentally, it's a technical fix to a legal mistake.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-08 14:29:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Can somebody unsubscribe cyberpromo from CP? 
Your code name is "Col. Mustard."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-09 10:35:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: yellow journalism and Encryption 
I too was mystified about his reaction to this article.  We certainly don't see articles as appropriate as it every day.
I was happy to see this article describe the case AGAINST wiretapping, using exactly the same arguments that I previously stated.  Fortunately, the person quoted as pushing them was identified as a lawyer, which (I hope) will shut down the naysayers around here.  The way I see it, an excellent reason to develop the case against wiretapping is to negate down the argument (which this article shows has been used in favor of Clipper) that the "status quo" is somehow an acceptable situation.  If we ever get the GAK-supporters in some kind of real debate that they can't walk away from, the moment they claim that Clipper/GAK is merely "maintaining the status quo" we should be prepared to show that the "status quo" was illegitimately adopted, modified from an illegal situation pre-1968, and intended (as the article indicated) to keep the Democrats in power during a time in which they were maintaining the Vietnam war.  In addition, a lot has come out in the last decade or two about what the US Government was up to in the 1960's and before, illegal things, so I'd argue that in hindsight that nobody should have embraced wiretapping if they knew the circumstances under which it was promoted.  Cointelpro, etc.  Bringing up the issue of J. Edgar Hoover in drag might be considered a low blow, but who cares about fighting "fair" if nobody knows what "fair" is?
Inform the average citizen of all this, and THEN tell him that the Supreme Court is unlikely to want to admit they were wrong to support wiretaps, and he'll welcome the news that technology is going to shortly provide him with a way to fix this legal problem with a technical solution.  At that point, "the status quo" will be looking MIGHTY unacceptable, and we've won the argument.  For anybody who wanted to support GAK claiming it was "maintaining the status quo," this will be an argument which is essentially impossible to defeat, particularly in a debate.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-09 11:18:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
Uh, well, while I don't doubt the potential use there, my bringing up the subject of the voice stress analyzers had nothing to do with AP.  (Remember that once AP starts operating, ALL politicians, "honest" and "dishonest" will likely be considered fair game.  The way I see it, for each politician there will be enough people who will want him out, REGARDLESS of whether he's honest.  This makes a lie-detector only marginally useful.)
Rather, I just wanted to point out that the traditional news media is likely to be intentionally ignoring the existence of a technology which could reveal much about a debate, precisely because such a practice would be embarrassing to the politicians.  (On the other hand it's possible, I suppose, that the inherent stress of standing up in front of a crowd, knowing that a few tens of millions of citizens were watching, might induce stress having little to do with lying, so it wouldn't surprise me if I later heard that this stress-detector really doesn't work in such situations.  Even so, I think it would at least have been tried before and the "flop" publicized if it had failed.  I don't recall if any such attempt has been made, or at least the results weren't publicized.  What should we conclude from this?)
Reminds me...Some states have laws against secretly recording conversations in person, even when a telephone line is not involved.  (as I understand it, these laws tend to date from the late 1960's, when electronics had shrunk to sizes sufficiently small to make body wires/recorders really practical and inexpensive.)  This appears highly inconsistent to the "bugging mentality" of the police.   My theory is that this apparent contradiction is explained when you realize that politicians would be the first, best targets of widespread, legal bugging.
After all, even honest lobbyists might want to keep records to show that they hadn't violated the law, and to ensure that their recollection of the conversation is correct, and to forward these talks to their employers.   Either "honest" or "dishonest" lobbyists might want to record a politician's willingness to accept a bribe, even if one is not offered.  Other politicians might want to record negotiations, possibly for later use on the campaign trail.  This would be highly unlike most other, ordinary citizens, who are rarely going to be in any kind of conversation that is considered worth recording!  Add it all up, and you'd probably discover that the average Senator or Representative would be recorded in dozens of conversations each day, any one of which could pop up at any time on the news or, now, the Internet. Remember the old saying, "One advantage of telling the truth is that you don't have to remember what you said."  Well, for politicians the modern corollary is, "One advantage of being an honest politician is that you don't have to worry about what the other guy's recording."   But I'll propose that by this standard, there are few if any "honest politicians" in Washington!   Imagine how different a typical (read: typically crooked) politician's life would be if everybody had the legal right to record every conversation!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-09 12:06:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Put up or shut up 
Maybe you're missing the point?  Even if you accept the idea of wiretapping telephone lines, one of the things that _isn't_ settled is how law is going to start treating ISP's.  That, let me point out, IS NOT settled law, and in fact it hasn't really even started, so those lawyers who have a knee-jerk tendency to accept precedent don't have any precedent to accept!  (unless, of course, they "pre-accept" the assumption that what the government can do WRT ISP's is somehow identical to what they do with telephones.)
I see two broad and conflicting ideas of what the government can do in a search. The first is a classic search warrant, which simply allows the cops to go in and look around, for a comparatively limited amount of time, informing the person searched,taking a few things, and then _leaving_.  Period.  Generally, they can't sneak in, they can't hide in the closet for weeks or months, etc.
Without effective challenge by telephone companies (which have no motivation to challenge it) there has been a very different precedent set, that of the wiretap:  No informing the target at the beginning, indefinite time limit, and not necessarily even informing those tapped after it's over.  _VERY_ The question is, which of these precedents should control ISPs?  Police, obviously enough, would probably want to insinuate into the game with the assumption that the latter scenario rules.  After all, they're talking about wires and electricity, right?  That sure sounds like wiretapping, right?
I contend that an ISP should be entitled to enter into a contract with his customers in a way which obligates him to structure his business to minimize his ability to cooperate with police when given a search warrant.  One example which occurred to be months ago (which, amazingly, shut up even Black Unicorn!) was that the ISP could agree to encrypt any email received with the user's public key (or another public key whose private key is known only to the user) so that useful information is only ephemerally available in the ISP's computers.  A few seconds after it arrives, it's been encrypted and is "gone" from the standpoint of the ISP.  Only the user, when he logs in and after he downloads the encrypted files, can decrypt them.
But that raises another question.  Suppose the government, not liking this situation, decides to not merely do a search, but in fact order the ISP to turn off the encrypt-on-receipt feature?  And more particularly, to do so without telling the customer?  What if, in fact, they order the ISP to LIE about this?  Or what if they order the ISP to change his system's software to store away an unencrypted version of the messages so as to bypass this My answer to all this should be obvious:  There is a vast difference between doing a "search" and, in effect, turning an ISP into a slave who has to say "how high?"  when the government says "jump."  Arguably the ISP has to consent to a search; I don't think he has to change his business practices in order to make those searches more useful.  And I think he's entitled to make promises to his customers that he's obligated to keep, even when the government would want him to break them.
However, I won't claim that this matter has been settled; in fact, it's probably an issue that never came up before, in any court.  That's why I think it's important to ensure that ISP-law does not follow is the bad precedents set by wiretap law.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-09 14:05:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Jewell shows warrants are frauds 
There was yet another item on Richard Jewell today on the national news.  If our goal is to return this country to allowing the government to do only the "reasonable" searches that the Constitution allows, we shouldn't miss the opportunity to take the Jewell case and shove it up their...well...use it to our best advantage.
The _theory_ is that the only way the government could have gotten a warrant against Richard Jewell ONLY by showing some likelihood that evidence of the crime would be found.  The facts, the end result is quite the opposite; the FBI has had a full opportunity to do their investigation and they've found...nothing.  Or, at least nothing they're now willing to leak.  Nothing, certainly, which they feel justifies filing charges.
So they're probably going to just drop the investigation of Jewell.  But at this point, we should consider that practically an engraved invitation:  The theory behind ALL warrants is that they are granted only upon a showing to a judge of a legally satisfactory reason to grant the warrant.  Given the outcome, it is almost certain that no such showing ever occurred.  What happened, on the other hand, was probably just another fraud.  Some prosecutor or investigator did some magic dance in front of a judge, pretending to tell the truth, and the judge pretended to believe him.  The difference with this case, however, is that a few hundred million people heard about it.  That's why this case, unlike nearly all others, presents a marvelous opportunity.
All of the various Clipper/GAK proposals are based, ultimately, on the same weakness:  The idea that we, the people should be able to trust some overpaid government-thug-sympathizer in a black robe to decide whether or not a given set of evidence is sufficient to decide to grant a warrant.  Perhaps the best challenge to this idea is to show a clear example of how the system fails, precisely when it's expected to WORK!
The Jewell incident is a good test-case, if for no other reason that it was highly publicized and many if not most people know the basics.  In addition, unlike a case which was thought insignificant before and only later became well-known, all of the officials who had anything to do with it were, presumably, fully aware how important it was and could be expected to be "on their toes" about ensuring that they do their jobs correctly.
Quite simply, the authorities had every reason to get this one RIGHT, as opposed to getting it wrong.  They got it wrong.  We should insist that the details of this disaster be exposed to show them for the lying frauds they are.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-09 14:32:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Creative Wiretap Arguments [Was :Re: Put up or shut up] 
in Given that the "constitutionality" of pen registers is pretty intimately tied up with the ADMITTEDLY illegal usage of wiretaps before 1968, that hardly qualifies as a settled issue.  (I say this from the standpoint of "what really oughtta be" rather than "what those nine morons will accept.")
BTW, it is unclear why this argument ("data voluntarily turned over to a 3rd party") couldn't "automatically" be applied to telephone audio itself.  After all, in order to get the audio to the other end, you have to convert it into varying electical signals, which are "turned over to a 3rd party", the telephone company.
The distinction between these two forms of information is pretty flimsy. (Chances are excellent that the only reason for any distinction between them at all originated back before 1968, when wiretaps themselves were considered illegal, and the cops wanted to be able to justify what they probably called a "minimal" violation of privacy short of being able to hear the audio itself.  Now that the wiretaps themselves are called "legal" I suspect that the cops will have reverted to the assertion that this information is essentially identical from a warrant standpoint.)
Another possibility is that this is simply a holdover from the time when automated switching of telephone lines was essentially unknown:  To make a telephone call, you "had to" tell the operator the number you were calling, and thus presumably you'd "voluntarily" turned it over.  However, that presumption evaporated once automated switching took over, and there's no requirement that the telephone switch makes a permanent record of any given phone call.
"Naturally," the cops would have argued that the advance of technology (automatic switching) would "make futile law-enforcement access" (much as they are now claiming the advance of encryption will do) and would have argued that the new technology shouldn't prevent them from knowing who is making phone calls to whom.
Isn't it interesting that when an advance in technology allows the cops to do something they hadn't been able to do before, they accept it as if it's a done deal, whereas when technology starts taking away an ability they howl "like a stuck pig."  Sounds pretty selfish to me.
All of which are still monopolies, at least in their defined areas of business.  And customers have no choice of who to deal with, as a result.  Thus, phone companies never had any motivation to satisfy their customers by fighting wiretap warrants in court.  Etc.   ISP's are not monopolies, they are not common carriers, etc.  ISP's, quite simply, are entitled to write their OWN rules about how they deal with customers.  One the whole, I'd say there are plenty of differences between a plain-vanilla telephone company and an ISP.
I didn't mention, "unconstitutional";  it's possible that it's simply "illegal", as in, "there's no law yet which allows "ISP-tapping."  In the same sense as wiretapping was illegal before 1968.
BTW, I'm not saying that "normal" wiretapping can't be done on an ISP.  In other words, arguendo the cops would only be entitled to connect to the phone line(s), as in an ordinary wiretap.  But that might be pretty damn ineffective, given that even a typical small ISP probably has a hundred or more phone lines to monitor.  In other words, there's no single point where the cops can clip on the clip leads and get the data they want.
Which raises the issue, "Is the ISP required to install 'wiretap-friendly' capability?"  Apparently not, if the cellular phone industry is any precedent:  For awhile, cops couldn't easily tap cell phones because no such capability had been designed into the cell-site software.  Such an omission was not considered a violation of law.
minimize It looks like you're not very perceptive.  Notice I said "minimize his ability to cooperate."  As far as I'm aware, telephone companies are not required to keep many of the records they currently keep.  If they contract with a customer to not keep those records, the inability of the cops to get those records is not any sort of violation of law.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-09 19:13:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Binding cryptography - a fraud! 
[stuff deleted]
I am at the same time dismayed and disgusted at the tendency of some people to want to "detect fraud" on the part of ordinary citizens, as this paper appears to want to do, but says _nothing_ about preventing fraud _by_government.  How is the average citizen to know if keys are being given out to government agents for valid reasons?
I am further enraged by the last portion of the paragraph above where he says, "fraud can be properly discouraged _and_punished_"  Why "punished"?   Why call it "fraud"?  Why should sending the "wrong" bits become a crime?  The US government, for example, has repeatedly claimed that key-escrow systems should be "voluntary."  Presumably, except for authoritarian and totalitarian countries, no other country should force their own citizens or others to use any sort of key-escrow/GAK system.
Maybe I'm biased:  I'm a libertarian who believes that sending the wrong bits shouldn't be considered a crime.  The problem we have is with the politicians, NOT primarily the criminals.  Giving the government the ability to punish people merely for sending the wrong bits (absent some other, REAL crime) is an enormous step backward.  And if they're guilty of a real crime, why bother about the bits?
Even if I believed in GAK, which I don't, I don't think governments or anyone else should be able to determine whether the "correct" code is included with the data until and unless the government has a valid warrant, with protections against government fraud, and has received the correct code.  That is the only point at which the government (even arguably) has a legitimate reason to know this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-10 09:55:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
but he was a very respected French author:
is to say, they still derive their opinions in legal matters and the judgements they should pronounce from the opinions and legal judgements of their fathers. [...]
Unicorn's response was inadvertently hilarious.  He says that wiretapping is "firmly entrenched" in law-enforcement, but the truth is that it was "firmly entrenched" long before it was even legal!
Ironically he said it, despite the fact that wiretapping is comparatively rare.  Perjury, "drop guns," faking and planting evidence, accepting bribes, strongarming suspects, and similar techniques are probably far more commonly used than wiretapping ever was, but I don't see Unicorn describing those as "firmly entrenched" even though that would be an accurate characterization.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-10 10:48:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud! 
Procedures which aren't followed.  Checks and balances which don't.  Penalties which aren't enforced, etc.  That sort of thing?  Why not spend your time working on a system to enforce the law...AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT!
Currently that's the best way, and it may turn out to be the only way.
But it won't be, and you know that.  And if anything, the system you've described seems to be intended to allow governemnts to become even more restrictive.  Currently, one of the problems facing government is that even if they want to illegalize non-escrowed encryption, they can't easily do it because escrowed encryption would be faked, or super-encrypted or...    Give them a tool to figure out who'se using "espionage-enabled" encryption, and you've practically invited them to illegalize all other forms.
Is that really a step forward?  Or a few giant steps backwards?  I think it's the latter.  Why strengthen their hand?  Why help them tyrannize us?
What about a "TRP" operated by an organization which says, in effect, that they don't believe that wiretapping is constitutional, so until it's proven to their satisfaction they're going to refuse all requests for keys?  They're not "criminals", right?  But if legislation forces them to do what they consider the wrong thing, just how "wrong" does it need to get before they can refuse?
In addition, I object to the concept of wiretapping without informing those tapped.  Part of these "escrowed-encryption"/GAK proposals is usually a statement that keys will be released to the government without informing those targeted.  If this system is truly "voluntary" why can't I insist on being informed?
Thumbscrews could also be considered "a security tool."  Right?!?
Well, you'd better be careful about your terms.  But the term "voluntary" is really far more troublesome at this point than "fraud."   "Voluntary" implies no coercion, but when the US government enforces laws against encryption exports UNLESS a company agrees to develop GAK'd systems, how "voluntary" is that, really?   I'd say that the system isn't intended to be "voluntary" at all, but it's intended to look that way, sorta, in a somewhat darkened room if you squint real hard.
It's the "1984" version of "voluntary", right?
Under the circumstances, I can't support ANY such prohibitions.  All of the "usual suspects" are being dragged out just to be able to support GAK.  The real goal is tyranny, not the elimination of "drug smuggling, terrorism, organized crime,  child pornography, etc."  Wishful thinking, I see.    You also need a crime, right?  Well, make the use of non-GAK'ed encryption a crime, and there you have a crime!  Make it easy to detect use of non-GAK'd encryption (as you are doing) and you've send us all down a short road to an authoritarian or even a totalitarian No, the government's ability to verify GAK'd software without the decrypt key allows them to focus their harassment/enforcement on those who choose to be different and not fit in.  Ask your parents or grandparents about yellow stars and pink triangles, if you have any doubts that governments want their primary targets to be easily identifiable.  I believe that the government should absolutely NOT have the ability to know who is using "GAK-ok" software.  If they get what they believe is the key and it doesn't work, they'll know soon enough.  They're no worse off than they were before, are they?
The only think your invention is going to do is to help the government ban good encryption.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-10 13:42:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why not PGP? 
You can't "forget your key"; it's encrypted with your password and is on disk.
BTW, if you do put either or both on floppy to take to your bank, encrypt the files using PGP's  single-key encrypt capability, using a long and highly non-memorizable key. (Use a freshly demagnetized, formatted floppy, being careful not to put any non-encrypted files on it, even temporarily.)  That way, if somebody (police, Feds, etc) break into your deposit box, they get NOTHING. You still have to "remember" that long, non-memorizable key, although something like that can be written on paper and well-hidden and/or split up into parts.  It's only value is to decrypt that bank-stored floppy.
The politicians and cops and TLA's would certainly love this, but it doesn't look too likely for the next five years or so, at least in America and probably not Europe.  However, somebody just posted an item about illegalizing "networked computers" in Burma...
If you're worried about this, how about giving PGP to as many friends as have computers, to increase its usage?  The more who use it and are aware of the political issue behind it, the less likely the politicians are to pull the wool over the collective eyes of the public.
Nobody seems to know for sure, but this has been discussed a number of times around here.  I happen to believe that using ITAR to even restrict the export of encryption is an abuse.  Attempting to restrict a program which can interface with external encryption is even sillier.  (by that standard, an operating system interfaces with PGP, which would make MSDOS restricted if ITAR were interpreted in this way.)
The really odd thing is that exports of Pentium computers aren't restricted, apparently, yet an X86 clone is just as much a tool of encryption as the software.  And if you ask a person, "would you rather have a copy of PGP and no computer, or a 166 MHz Pentium computer and no copy of PGP?" the answer most intelligent people would give is the latter, since getting PGP is easy and free.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-10 17:59:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: LET'S MEET DIMITRI 
Excellent!  Chemical weapons WEREN'T MENTIONED!  (Now where did I put that beaker...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-11 09:48:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Why not PGP? 
Does that fix the "export only the signature" problem (for the government)/opportunity (for the rest of us)?   You know, present Microsoft with the software, don't tell them it's already out of the US, and they sign it.  Export the signature only  (who cares if this is legal!) and edit the international software to contain the signature.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-11 13:52:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AW: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to key-esc 
I think the biggest problem with allowing "anyone" to check the correctness of a key is that what is a technical possibility today, will become a legally-mandated requirement tomorrow.  What if Internet backbone companies and/or ISP's were told that they had to implement software check these keys, and if they discovered an "incorrect" escrowed key, they were legally obligated to either refuse to forward that message, and/or forward a copy of that message to someone like Spooks at NSA.gov or Thugs at DOJ.gov.    Even worse, if this checking process revealed the sender, or at least a coded identity unique to the sender, the government could issue "digital APB's" where it would insist on being sent copies of all messages with a given ID number.  Suddenly, the Internet might go from being hard to tap, to being practically automatically tapped.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-13 11:49:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to 
I think this is a phony distinction.   Practically every product sold today could arguably "aid criminals."  It isn't possible to prevent this.  And that's the problem with your thinking above:  If government argued that it had the authority to regulate any product that, arguably, "aided criminals," then it would automatically be able to regulate anything.
Given that item we just read about Burma illegalizing the non-authorized use of fax machines and modems, that is a vast understatement!
Just a second!  WHy should technology bow to government policy?  Until now, the microcomputer industry has pretty much developed and sold products without much or any (?) regard for what governmental policy would desire.  In fact, it isn't even clear that governments have had much opinion about the direction that the microcomputer markets should go.  Why should we start adjusting business policies and product capabilities in a way which is hostile to customers, just because the government wants this?
Why not ___NOT___ help these guys out?  Do they somehow deserve to be assisted in the subjugation of their people?  Does the name "Zyklon B" ring a bell?
I would much prefer a situation where freedom is provided and/or guaranteed by technology, and it is NOT debateable!  See, one problem is that contrary you your implication above, where you said that crypto policy becomes "politically debateable" (which implies that the ordinary people of a country have some input) the _reality_ is that any such decision will be made by a tiny number of bureaucrats, if they can get away with it.  The US Clipper proposal was a classic example of this:  There was absolutely no public discussion or debate on it before it was announced, and it was obviously intended to be a fait accompli.   Further, nearly all non-governmental people who are aware of the crypto issue disagree with the government's policies in this matter.  Clearly, you cannot imply that crypto will REALLY be "politically debateable"!
No, I think I _will_ blame your infernal invention for trying to make limited communication possible!   There's no doubt that the leadership of places like Singapore might want to restrict communication, but on the other hand they also want to be connected to the rest of the world for "non-political" speech.  In effect, they are forced to make a choice.  Most countries, except for a very highly authoritarian few, will probably opt for connectivity and this will lead to increased freedom for the people in their countries.  _YOU_ are trying to give those governments connectivity while maintaining tyranny.  Are you proud of what you're doing?
I think the terms "voluntary" and "abuse" are contradictory in your statement.  If the system is "voluntary," then it is presumably "voluntary" to use a non-conforming system, right?  And unless the government's goal is to harass or imprison or fine  the user for not using that "voluntary" system, there is no purpose in knowing whether a person's use of encryption meets that "voluntary" standard.
I see:  "How each society decides to use our thumbscrews is totally voluntary and up to each country!"
Pardon me while I puke.
I'm much closer to "the wild west" than you are, and I like it just fine.  I prefer it much better than the tyranny of stratified societies that have enslaved people for over a thousand years.
Maybe you need to remember that the way governments use it, the definition of the word "voluntary" tends to pick up a rather Orwellian meaning.  Also, you need to remember that the difference between a "voluntary" and a mandatory system may be as little as a single law passed in the middle of the night by a legislature.  A law which you are intending to make possible!
You seem to have ignored by conjecture, where I pointed out that Internet backbones and ISP might, hypothetically, be required to check keys and report "violations" to the government on a moment-to-moment basis.  Further, they might be prohibited from forwarding messages that do not conform.  This gets us back to the definition of the world "voluntary," again.  Even if such an eventuality should occur, the government could cynically say that use of non-conforming forms of encryption were still "voluntary," because it's true you could use them.  But they wouldn't be very useful if they didn't propagate on the Internet, now would they?
Not if the cooperation of everyone else is coerced!  And moreover, not if they are coerced into not dealing with anybody who doesn't go along.  You must really hate freedom, huh?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-13 14:27:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: is there no end to AP & Creative Wiretap Arguments? 
Be careful about the Wild West analogies.  Current theory is that contrary to what Hollywood cooked up for our movie-viewing pleasure, it was a rather peaceful place most of the time.  If anything, the reason that certain incidents (OK Corral) were so memorable is that they were, likewise, rare.
I would be far more worried about "mistakes" if I hadn't already thought through it, and concluded that abuse and misuse and errors would be strongly deterred by the very structure of the AP system.  It will most easily attack who coerce the most people, for example politicians, bureaucrats, and some government employees in general, precisely because the cost will be shared among hundreds or thousands.  It will also fairly easily get rid of "common criminals," since most people have been a victim of crime at some point in their lives and would be willing to pay to prevent this in the future.  However, using AP to attack undeserving people will be difficult precisely because it would be rather expensive, since the cost will presumably not be True, it isn't any kind of centralized coercive control, but it is a excellent form of control, somewhat analogous to the "invisible hand" concept of free markets.  The problem is, it's difficult for some people to comprehend the kind of distributed-control that free markets represent.  There is a powerful limitation as to how much one individual can manipulate the system, as I've previously described...  And besides, the problem you describe already exists:  Gang-related murders are an example.   AP would eliminate the gangs, at least to the extent that they are a threat to others.
I'm afraid yours is a vastly distorted question.    Let's go back to the beginning, shall we?  I've claimed that AP will:
1.  Eliminate war and militaries.
2.  Eliminate government and taxes.
3.  Eliminate dictatorships and political tyranny.
4.  Drastically reduce crime and the costs of crime.
Add all this up, and presume that I think it's a good thing (I do) and how can you claim that this is not "a single social moral fiber"?
Sure, you could claim that AP won't do these things, or not all of them, or not very well.  I happen to believe it will.  Even if you're partly right, at most you have a challenge to my judgment, not my morality or sincerity.
What, exactly, is wrong with a society without leaders?  Do we NEED leaders?  I understand that people have probably gotten so used to the concept of having leaders around that its hard to imagine the alternative, but you're going to have to do better than this to support the existence of leaders.
This may sound odd, but what is there wasn't any news to report?  Maybe that's exaggerating things a bit, there will always be weather and the occasional accident and other events.  But watch the news for a while, and notice what a large fraction of it is government-related, politics-related, war-related, coercion-related, etc.  It's unclear why you think AP will prevent this?
Is this line of argumentation a throwback to the "we've got to have a dictator!  How else will society operate?"
If it's a private, non-coerced school, why should this happen?
BTW, in an AP society Vietnam couldn't ever happen, for at least a dozen No, I won't.  But I will be happy to help eliminate that rot.
"Laws" will no longer be enforced, it's true.  However, legitimate interests will be defended and intiation of force will be punished.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-13 15:15:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blinded Identities [was Re: exporting signatures only/CAPI] 
Why should that be a problem?   It's the customer's money, isn't it?  It's not like the bank is making a loan.  It's the customer who should be worried...about the bank's identity.
Remember "plausible denial."  Shouldn't we believe that if a bank cannot know its customer, likewise it isn't responsible for who that customer is?  A bank's legitimate interests should  not include acting as enforcer for the government, so any system that prevents this from happening is helpful.  And I don't think that a bank can ever be embarrassed (assuming bank accounts are anonymous) by it being revealed that some particular bad guy kept his money there, any more than other cash-based (anonymous) businesses are embarrassed if it is revealed that some bad guy used their services.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-14 09:23:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FLY_not 
That's interesting...whenever they get it on paper, _we_ aren't happy with it either!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-14 12:03:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blinded Identities [was Re: exporting signatures only/CAPI] 
Are you talking about ANONYMOUS accounts, or merely CONFIDENTIAL ones?  (Anonymous accounts, as I use the term, are ones in which even the bank doesn't know the owner.)  I think you're lumping these two things together; I was not.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-14 21:31:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: binding cryptography 
fraude with a *voluntary* system. However, that is possible: when you do not comply with the *agreed* rules of conduct then the phrase "fraude" is appropriate. No, it probably isn't.  I don't know if you're basing your opinions on some Dutch variant of contract law, but as I understand it in order for there to be "fraud" there has to be a contract of some sort.  I'm sure a REAL LAWYER (TM) will correct me if I'm wrong, but to have a contract you first must have an agreement, and the parties must either go to an inconvenience or receive a benefit as a consequence of that agreement.  Specifically, let's suppose I'm asked to limit myself to sending encrypted messages using some sort of standardized, GAK'd system.  Assuming I am willing, I then have to receive some benefit from that agreement (or the other guy must go to some inconvenience) or else there's no contract and no fraud if I cease operating according to that agreement.
However, there's a problem:  What benefit am I supposed to get sending GAK'd messages?  If it's nothing, then there's no contract.  (Besides, why should I agree to any "voluntary" agreement if I don't benefit in some way?)  If, on the other hand, I get my messages handled by some faster route, or get cheaper Internet service, that constitutes a benefit, but at that point people who don't agree are disadvantaged compared to those who agree.  Problem is, this constitutes a subsidy of people who are willing to give up their freedom by people who aren't, and I suggest that there's at least an ethical problem with that, if not a legal or Constitutional problem.
And there's a contradiction:  You said the system was supposed to be "voluntary."  The more government pays (money, service, etc) people to agree, the less "voluntary" it is.  To cite an analogy, suppose the government offered money to anyone who agreed to sign away his free-speech rights, to be paid for by taxes collected by the general population.  Raise the payments and the taxes high enough, and nobody could afford to NOT sign away those rights.  This doesn't sound "voluntary," now does it?
"all the anonimity and confidentiality they need?"      All they need to what?  By its very nature, encryption is more easily used to defend oneself against crime, than to commit crime.   It's related to the difference between the difficulty of doing an encryption/decryption, compared with the difficulty of decrypting a message by finding the key that you don't already know.  This can be a factor of well over a trillion more difficult.  This is one reason that most of the people on CP don't fear the widespread development and deployment of good encryption, which I think most of us would acknowledge can't help but "assist criminals" in some proportionately small way.
"Criminals" are generally happy with off-the-shelf guns, or cars, or many other products.  I don't think you have a hope keeping them unhappy with off-the-shelf encryption.
I disagree.  The very act of using good cryptography can help protect assets without giving up freedom.  If it helps me more than it might potentially hurt me, then in fact I've GAINED freedom, not lost it.
However, given the tendency for governments to redefine the meaning of the terms, it is irrelevant that you claim to oppose a "mandatory" system.  In fact, it would be with tricks like your invention that governments would adopt a mandatory system that is called "voluntary."  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-16 20:13:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Your editorial in the 10/14 PCWeek 
I think this is more than a little misleading.  While I don't recall the specific note from Greg Broiles you mention, as I recall from other sources so-called "government regulations" were not considered binding on ordinary citizens before the 1930's.  The examples you gave ("number and size of trashcans in the national parks [public property], and type of equipment to be used on Navy ships...") are both issues of controlling the activities government employees and departments, not ordinary citizens!
It's hard for me to imagine how anyone could consider this distinction sufficiently ignorable as to provide examples as if they were interchangeable.  It seems pretty obvious that governments should be able to control their own employees and departments, at least while they're on the job, in the same way that essentially every other employer does.  Yet, it is equally obvious that ordinary citizens aren't in the same position as government employees, and there is no reason to assume that the former are to be bound by rules which had applied only to the latter.  For just one example, government employees can resign; citizens cannot.
It will be claimed that citizens do have to obey the rules:  Yes, but they're called "laws," they are passed by legislators who are voted in or out of office by the citizens. (And laws apply to government employees too, or at least they should...)   Laws are also publicly debated before they are passed, generally.   On the whole, I would say that there is an excellent reason for this healthy distinction between "laws" and "regulations."
You stated that it would be difficult for Congress to debate a large number of rules, and you cited "national parks" and the Navy as examples. It wouldn't be easy for Congress to handle this.   My answer is, yes, delegation of these matters is reasonable precisely because they are NOT binding on ordinary citizens.   And further, I'd point out that assuming you have respect for freedom, you have every reason to fear allowing things with the force of laws to be passed as "easily" as regulations.  Some people who say they are REAL LAWYERS (TM) will probably claim, as if on schedule, that I am re-writing the law.  No, I am well aware that the SC may have, at some point, have disagreed.  Rather, I think we should treat the Supreme Court, on this issue as well as many others, as we would a schizophrenic person that we happen to meet on a city street:  We don't think his mumbling is making any sense, but we are well aware of the danger of provoking him so we hold our tongues while in his earshot.  Nevertheless, we don't for a minute adopt the opinion that anything we've heard is somehow more worthy of belief, simply because we felt uncomfortable about expressing our opposition for a moment, which is analogous to the SC being able to temporarily enforce its opinion.
I certainly sympathize with the REAL LAWYERS (TM).  They are, in effect, chained 24 hours per day (so to speak) to that schizophrenic, and can never get away, so they've decided to make a virtue (and, in fact, a business) out of a necessity by adjusting their beliefs to correspond, continuously, to the ravings of that madman.   Naturally, they pride themselves on being able to slowly, gently, carefuly change the opinions of that madman, and they succeed occasionally at this task.  OTOH, one of the big complaints we have against ITAR is that it seems to be constantly re-interpreted.  While I certainly won't claim that this is never true of Congress-made laws, it tends to be more difficult to pass a law, and once passed, to sneak a new interpretation in.  Somehow, I don't  think that it would have been possible to stretch a "Munitions Act" into a rule which would prohibit the export of a a Web-browser like Netscape that happens to have a hole in it for crypto.
How did I miss that miraculous revelation?   B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-17 17:39:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: EC patent 
Maybe Japanese law is different, but don't I recall reading somewhere that "methods of doing business," business practices in general, are not patentable? Not that it would surprise me if the Patent Office idiots were to change their minds, like they did concerning software, algorithms, and mathematics in general...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-18 09:26:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Stopping Crime" Necessarily Means Invasiveness 
Ah!  So you want to discuss the ARCHITECTURE of those concentration camps, rather than the messy details about how they are to be filled, huh?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-18 10:32:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Your editorial in the 10/14 PCWeek 
Are you sure about that?  "If they pass a well-drafted statute," the president couldn't just declare a "national emergency" (similar to all of the other "national emergencies" we are under right now) and send that same message to the key-keepers demanding they send their databases?
Given the massive misbehavior of government in general, I'm not at all confident something like this couldn't happen.
I'm waiting for the first indication that these GAK systems will include some sort of government-fraud-preventative measures, possibly an irrevocable allowance (or even a requirement?) that any key holder can publicize the fact of any key request at the time it is made, or after a minimal time like a couple of weeks or so.  That way, government abuse of the system would be revealed, beyond the control of the government.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:45:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: is there no end to AP & Creative Wiretap Arguments? 
Actually, no.  AP "stacks the deck" dramatically against those few who engage in war crimes.  People from all sides of a dispute who object to them can donate, and anybody considering participating in war crimes has to keep this absolutely secret.  How long do you think that such groups would last with AP functional?  Consider all those bleeding-hearts who are going to be voting for Clinton this year.  I expect that many of them would gladly donate money to see organizations like the KKK dead.    How effective will these hate-organizations be if they're running for their lives?
Many if not most philosophers disagree.  My _opinion_ of my rights exists, and for the vast majority of the  people that's quite enough to remind them to steer clear.
Since "they live there" and "we live here" there doesn't have to be any contradiction in this.
AP is not dependant on any sort of "natural law" argument.  It doesn't really matter where you got the opinion of your rights that you have.  "Natural law," or "gift of God," or anything else.  Most of the time things will work out just fine.  True, if you start believing that you have a right to a dozen free doughnuts per day from the shop down the street, and the owner of that shop disagrees, there may be a dispute.  However, I suggest that disputes of this kind will be rare and short-lived, for reasons which should be obvious: You may have wanted a dozen doughnuts, but you'll end up with a dozen holes!
It's odd that you would say this.  Most societies operate today against crime by putting people in jails, which would (absent a crime to justify this) be a violation of THEIR rights.  As for whether this is "disproportionate"...   Let's see, a person can easily get a few years in jail for doing a bank robbery where he gets a thousand dollars or so.  Yet, there were a number of bankers in the 1980's in the US who got no greater sentences for stealing tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars.  You find the "proportionality" in this and send me a My solution is to allow the victims of a crime to purchase the punishment of the criminal, which I claim will be a fair fairer solution, and one that will accomplish far more deterrence than the status quo.
Some of us seem to disagree.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-19 14:02:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: is there no end to Murder Politics & Creative Wiretap Arguments? 
After 4 years of killing?  I wouldn't be surprised, although what you say sounds like an exaggeration.  But that's four years of NON-AP conditions.  Don't blame AP for problems caused by NON-AP practice.
Actually, I think I did, although I'll spell it out in more detail since it's so easy.  If looked at on a "per-dollar-stolen" basis, an individual would have no more reason to kill a given politician than a criminal.  However, since politicians are typically responsible for thousands of times more theft than common criminal,  this will result in a vastly greater motivation.  For example, in the US, 535 Federal legislators preside over $1 trillion in thefts, or about $2 billion per legislator.  If only 1/1000 of that money were spent to eliminate the problem, that would be $2 million per-legislator bounty, which should be far more than enough.
That doesn't bother me at all.  It is the contribution system which will decide who the likely targets will be, not the killers themselves.  If anything, an ex-KKK person would have far less desire to lynch a random black, for example, if instead he can make thousands of dollars killing genuine bad-guys.    Except that the current political system is far worse.  The system has been hijacked by a small subset of the population, who manipulate it for their own benefit.  Once in control, it became in their interest to vastly increase the power and influence of government, which they did in America over the last 80+ years.  AP provides the prospect of making control of government useless and even potentially fatal, eliminating much of the corruption that is normally seen.  I think people will reject AP only to the extent that they misunderstand it.
In addition, one of the benefits of living in a world with many different countries is that each may try out a different system, with the successful ones tending to prosper, and the less successful ones dying off.  (Witness 1989 and Communism, for example.)    I contend that the first society to adopt AP will be so dramatically successful, it'll spread inexorably.  That's why the people in control of the current political systems will want to resist AP so strenuously.
All you're saying is that the people who are currently in power will resist.  I know that.  But they will fail.
No, not nearly enough politicians have been killed in Columbia to result in a society that could best be described as an "anarchy."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-21 14:35:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
We should carefully note the use of the word "fraud" in this message, and presumably it's how the news story will describe the situation.   Notice that the authors of the idea, "Binding Cryptography," repeatedly like to use the term "fraud" to describe sending bits with other than the prescribed pattern which shows that the key has been appropriately GAK'd.
Further recall that the so-called "Bit Tax" idea, the one most recently proposed by that Belgian (?) Luc Soete, would apparently require that any data transmitter keep account of any data it sends, in order to collect some sort of tax, and thus any mistake in the count (either as a result of misinterpretation of the rules, or a disk crash, or a power surge, etc) would presumably turn a minor error into "tax fraud," or maybe they'll call it "bit fraud."
My opinion was and is that one of the worst aspects of that bit tax idea was that it would automatically result in essentially everybody becoming unavoidably guilty of this "bit fraud", which from the name would presumably be criminalized.   Further, unlike taxing the profits of the ISP or a gross tax on revenue which was analogous to a sales tax (neither of which had anything to do with the actual data being transmitted) a "bit fraud" situation would presumably be used to justify wiretapping, ostensibly just to count bits, but in reality  would allow content monitoring as well.  And since the ISP would be under the gun for such a charge, presumably the government could extort cooperation from him, particularly encouraging him to violate the terms of the agreement he may have previously signed with his customers and divulge information without a warrant.
Isn't it interesting, however, that the term "fraud" can be misused to make what was previously not a crime into a crime?  Don't you wonder why the authors of that "Binding Cryptography" idea don't explain why a person would agree to some kind of GAK'd encryption standard which would (given the repeated use of the word "fraud") leave him open to what could become criminal charges some day?  After all, the term fraud implies that somebody is being misled, and seriously misled at that.  However, most owners of equipment which is used to carry data on the Internet have only limited and marginal interest in the content of that data, and certainly would have no reason (absent some arm-twisting by government) to monitor and check the keys of the data it transmits.  If I owned equipment which transmitted Internet data, I wouldn't consider myself "defrauded" if some data went over that circuit which didn't have the correct-GAK data included.  Against whom, then, is this "fraud" There's an old saying:  "When the only tool you have is a hammer, you treat all problems as though they are nails."  Well, governments and its apologists and minions seem to think that the main tool they have is being able to declare something to be "fraud" and punish it accordingly, and naturally they're anxious to convert all problems to "fraud" problems.    That's why Luc Soete wants a bit tax, and I think that's why our Dutch friends keep talking about fraud in their government-friendly GAK system.  And I won't be surprised if Avi Shamir is yet another victim of the "fraudification" of cryptography.
I wonder if Professor Shamir will now be receptive to a cryptographic solution to a political/governmental problem?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-21 15:46:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Question: OTP 
I think that there may be at least one potential application for a sorta-OTP system to be overlaid on a reasonably-secure public-key system:  I think there might be an use for a system that allows the recipient of a message to prove to his own satisfaction that the sender of the message is who he says he is, but does NOT allow him to prove this to anyone else's satisfaction.  The goal would be to prevent one party to the commucation from being strongarmed into not only revealing the data, but also providing trustworthy evidence against the other person.  I haven't thought about this in enough detail to know if this is practical.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-21 19:52:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Usenet and Re: extortion via digital cash 
What's needed is a method for an individual to read all of Usenet, and more, without anybody else knowing what each individual is reading.  It's been mentioned before that on the back of those DSS boxes there's a connector which is supposed to eventually be able to provide computer data.  Somebody mentioned that the data rate of Usenet is 100 megabytes per day.  That works out to just about 9300 bits per second, continuous.  That's probably only about 1/1000th of the data required to represent a NTSC video picture, and so it's about 1/100,000th of the data rate of the dish.  I don't know the economics of this service in any detail, but if we assume 2 million such dishes generating about $1 of revenue per day,  1/100,000 of this revenue is about $20 per day.    Obviously, the cost of this bandwidth is miniscule compared with the number of people who might want to use it.  Sure, they're not just going to carry Usetnet, of course; they'd probably carry email and other services as well.  However, many of the higher-bandwidth-consuming uses of the Internet will involve one-to-many broadcasting, which could be more easily provided by a dedicated satellite connection. Further, the company selling the dishes has a powerful motivation to make its product as useful as possible, since many people currently served by cable systems may have little reason to switch over absent a new feature. Given the low cost of this, there should always be enough bandwidth to implement some sort of blacknet-type system.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-21 21:25:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
One of the other items on my wish-list (short of a more, uh, "permanent" solution to politics) is a system to actually enforce the anonymity of political donations.  What I mean is this:  As bad as a large political contribution is, what's worse is that the candidate who receives it knows who it is from, and how large it is, etc.  Given the recent flap over the Indonesian donations to the DNC, it seems to me that it would actually clean up politics if there were a mechanism to collect donations, blind them and send them to the proper candidate, but hide the actual source of that money.  Hide it from the candidates, not necessarily the anyone else. This may sound difficult.  After all, it will be argued that a given contributor will want to take credit for a donation and tell those who receive it; one way to help avoid this is the assess huge penalities (say, 10 times the value of the contribution claimed) to the party or candidate who is told of the source of a contribution but does not report the breach of security.  The system could be set up to actually encourage people to test it and report fraud, and perhaps be awarded anonymously for providing evidence of misbehavior; and people should be able to (falsely) claim credit for donations, at least to the candidates themselves.  Any donation reported to a candidate must be declared by the candidate and is then lost; their motivation for reporting it is that it'll be lost 10x if they don't.  The result should be that the candidates should have no idea where the money is actually coming from, only that they are getting it.  The contributors should be able to verify (via some sort of encrypted-open-books system) that the money they donate is actually being credited to the candidates, but they should not be able to use this system to prove to the candidate they made the contribution.
I really wish those people who are developing that "binding cryptography" proposal would change their minds and decide to work on a proposal such as this, one that might actually help fix the political money problem.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-22 10:30:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
That's certainly one of my points.  There is a concept in data theory called "Hamming distance," which is basically the number of steps it takes to go from "here" to "there."  If we're excessively generous and call the countries we live in "free," the question is how much effort is required to move that country to a totalitarian system.  If everyone uses encrypted telephones whose codes can't be broken, with no GAK-misfeature, the government can't easily force everyone to change to a situation where everyone fears being wiretapped.  Assume a typical GAK system however, and there's apparently nothing to prevent things from going from free to unfree literally overnight.  I've asked Koops to explain how he can help prevent fraud _by_ the government; he's silent on this point.  I have to conclude that he doesn't consider that to be an issue.  I think it's a big issue.
One of the things that Koops has repeated failed to do is to show how his invention would actually be desired by the users, enough to implement it.  Why, exactly, would a person adopt a system like it?  To whatever extent his system is a "solution in search of a problem," he needs to show what kind of problems would need that solution, and would it work?  Why would a person participate in any sort of cooperative effort that might, hypothetically, make him guilty of "fraud"?  Only because he's getting some benefit.  I don't totally reject the possibility that a group of people might willingly set up some sort of shadow-Internet network possibly with better performance, agreeing among themselves to restrict encrypted communications to some type of GAK system, but it's necessary to ask what the benefit would be in doing this.  Or, more particularly, why couldn't they set up the same network without any such agreement?  Proposals like those of Mr. Koops will always fail if people can get benefits without agreeing to the costs, and it's clear that there are no strong reasons to adopt a mutually-agreed GAK-type system without some sort of external coercion. (Either bribing such an organization with money based on funds stolen from taxpayers, or punishing everyone who doesn't agree with higher taxes, or both.)  This means that Koops' proposal is inextricably linked to government extortion, which is why we challenge it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-22 12:38:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
[much good stuff deleted]
Thanks for helping to demolish Koops' argument, what little there is of it.  It's particularly inappropriate that he would try to use a "game" analogy to defend his idea, because games are generally considered voluntary and it's obvious that his invention would not be used in a purely voluntary basis.  Even if the only interference is the taxation of people who don't "play" and the subsidy of people who do, that can't be consider a voluntary arrangement.
I look at it this way:  Koops is building only one piece in a jigsaw puzzle of tyranny.  He doesn't want to talk about the complete picture, but it's there and it's not pretty.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-22 22:14:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
As there is with political donation restrictions generally.  I suppose the fig leaf they wrap around this is to buy the cooperation of the candidates by matching funds for those candidates who agree to restrictions.  Do the laws really prohibit the giving of more than a certain amount of money, or just the act of receiving it?  Sure, you can't keep people from talking.  However, one way to sabotage the usefulness of telling is to allow everybody else as well to make the same claim, with essentially no way for the candidates to tell who is REALLY giving the money.  Make the lie just as credible as the truth, and the value of knowing the truth is destroyed.  If nobody can trust anyone else's word, then no candidate could know who REALLY ought to be rewarded for a campaign contribution, breaking the circle of quid-pro-quo.  The candidate still gets the money, of course, and the contributor is still free to both donate and speak...separately.  The thing that's been cut off is the association between the money and the speech...which is exactly what the problem is, isn't it?
I haven't thought this through well enough to know just how possible such a system might be, but this is exactly the kind of goal that cryptography and data-blinding functions can accomplish.  Frankly, I'd prefer a more effective (and more lethal) solution, but for all those who object to AP, here's my alternative plan.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-22 22:29:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PIS_son 
What about making it easier to interconvert the domestic and exportable versions of the program?  Okay, I understand that given your position you might not want to come out on the record on this issue, but it seems to me that it would serve your interests to make it as easy as possible for a foreign buyer to convert a legally-exported copy of Netscape into an export-restricted one.
The default way for foreign buyers:  Buy Netscape from your Co., put it on the shelf, download illegally-exported version and use it.  Doable, obviously.  However, a more subtle way would be to add (or, for that matter, subtract) a portion of the program that controls whether or not export-quality encryption would "go."  True, the "erase a file to enable good crypto" might not fly, but the opposite might.  I'm not talking about conventional "crypto with a hole," but simply a program which always contains crypto whose functioning is limited by an external program.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-23 22:55:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
value While I have worked through essentially none of the details, if the system can be implemented well enough, all this kind of information will be blinded into oblivion.  Donations won't be tallied individually, and news of their arrival will be disguised, possibly by limiting the size that is credited to the candidate per day and thus in effect splitting up a donation to make it "arrive" over a period of a week or two.  Only overall totals will be reported, possibly rounded to only two significant figures, and even then possibly only on a weekly basis.   Try again.  Rather than trying to prove that a system won't work, why not help develop one that will?
But "vote delivery" can't be proven, or even demonstrated with a strong degree of assurance.  I'd LOVE to "get rid of the career politician."  And every other kind of politician, as well!
What I consider wrong is that government affects way too large a fraction of our lives, without apparent Constitutional justification.  If the government at all levels were only, say, 1/10th of its current size, there would be much less motivation for corruption.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-24 10:13:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
blinded to No, I didn't say I was "cutting off all prediction of money appearing."   But it would be a long shot from having particular donor's names associated with particular dollar figures.  And, the system would simply have to adjust.  Campaigns would have to adjust their spending to match the current realities, and donors would have to recognize that they're going to have to donate a bit earlier to accomodate the delay.
still off what I'd prefer doing something far more...uh...permanent than to merely REPLACE "Firefighter's voting records"?  I _thought_ we had a secret ballot in this country.  Maybe you're from some  town that I don't know about!
Besides, what you're saying can be considered a bit of self-fulfilling prophecy.  Some cities ALWAYS vote one way, or another.  Over time, public employees simply adjust their politics to match their wallets, etc.  Remember, these are PUBLIC employees after all, which really just means the employeees of the thugs who get into office.  It does not serve their interests to go against the winning candidate.  If, one year, the party normally out of office appears to be winning, the Firefighters will simply adjust their politics accordingly.  Simple.
Whichever candidate wins, "has sufficient numbers to win."  Tell me something else I don't know.
of government Size of government is evidence of the size of the corruption.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-24 17:10:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
"My last reply"?  Sorta the rhetorical equivalent of "I think I heard my mommy calling," huh?
Except that "sizeable" donations won't appear.  If you don't understand this, you haven't been reading the descriptions of how the system would work.  Individual donations won't be identified either by name of amount; they'll be accumulated and only approximately reported.
I wonder how many people will still be donating if they can't get their name associated with the donation...
And it'll be even less when this system is adopted.
Who needs "national defense"?  As for "information infrastructure, are you under the illusion that private industry couldn't do it?  Hell, it DOES it!  The Internet is essentially fully privatized, NOW.
And "physical infrastructure"?  Sure they'll be physical infrastructure.  It'll just be _privately_ owned.
The difference between private and public corruption is that in private corruption, individuals presumably have the right to fight that corruption where it impacts on their rights and assets.  In PUBLIC corruption, the taxpayer is rarely given the opportunity to fight the loss of his assets.
It appears that you've convinced yourself that ESP exists and works.  Given that, it isn't surprising that you would believe that donations to candidates can't be "blinded" sufficiently to help dramatically reduce political quid pro quo.
How do you know this?  The winning margin is ALSO clearly less than the number of many different identifiable groups.  You seem to be making assumptions in support of your ESP again, I see...
Except that plenty of voting blocks exist.  And there's plenty of unknowns that you can't figure out with any certainty:  How certain are you that "Block Y" ALL voted for Z?  How do you know some other group didn't?  Etc.
It's pretty close, even if not entirely the "root of all evil."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-25 13:12:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
If you think the applications for the use of cryptographic blinding techniques is "crypto-irrelevant" then you're even more clueless than I'd previously surmised.  See Chaum's article of August 1992 if you doubt this.
The money will eventually be spendable.  But information as to the number and timing and size of the donations will be disguised using blinding techniques.  Re-read my comments.
Nobody said politics had to be easy.  They'll adjust to the new reality; they always do.
Since you obviously don't understand it, and you also don't understand cryptographic blinding, why should anybody pay attention to your opinion?
Always overstating your case, I see.  For the application I described, it isn't necessary to have "complete anonymity."  What's needed is a healthy dose of fog and uncertainty, making sure that the candidates can't trust any claim that a donor has made a donation of any particular size.
Since today's campaign contribution limits seem to be inherently a violation of freedom of speech, why not embrace my solution, which doesn't do this?
"Constitutionalist"?  Hell no!  I subscribe to the idea inherent in the joke, "The Constitution may be bad government, but it's better than what we have now."  I think there's no doubt that a government based scrupulously on the US Constitution would be a vast improvement.  However, we've never had such a thing.
name Such "proof" will be easily faked, BTW, which is part of the reason this system will work so well.  I could go to some candidate and claim that I'd made a $10,000 contribution to his campaign.  Let's say I'd show him a (forged) cancelled check.  What could he do about it?  Would he risk pissing off a valuable contributor?
Which is exactly why the faking process will be so easily accomplished.
And, obviously, they'll claim they gave far more than the really did.  This is okay, it'll destroy the credibility of anyone who claims to have made a Sure about that?  Let me provide some contrary evidence.  Every once in a while, you'll see on the TV networks a report about corporate (and labor, BTW) campaign giving, and they will occasionally point out that a given corporation (or PAC, etc.) gives money BOTH to the Republicans and the Democrats.  They have no reason to do this, except that they think they will get some benefit in the future from the "access" that contribution produces.  This is particularly true, since the identities of all contributors are currently public knowledge.  If an organization expected no direct return benefit from making contributions (for example, if the donations were adequately blinded), it would make them ONLY to the side they considered would best help them, and not the opponents.  If they thought it necessary, they would lie about making a contribution to the other candidate.
I don't think there's necessarily anything wrong with this AS LONG AS the system makes it difficult or impossible to identifiably reward contributors.
it!  I stand by my original statement.  True, the origins of the Internet were primarily government-sponsored and financed, but by now the vast majority of the traffic goes through privatized connections (Sprint, MCI, AT+T), and most of the users access the web through private (not government owned or controlled) ISP's:  Compuserve, AOL, Prodigy, and hundreds if not thousands of "Mom+Pop" ISP's around the country.
I should also point out that given the fact that the Internet is at least doubling and probably tripling in size (packets and/or users) every year, if you go back to the last year that the backbone was government-financed) you'll probably discover that the Internet was far less than 1/10th of its current size.  Why should I mind the particular characteristics ("XXX-rated transfers") of the traffic jams?  What are you, some kind of Born-again christian or something?   And while I don't like the spam, either, I am under no illusion that this would be particularly avoidable, and certainly not EASILY or perfectly avoidable.  Spam is, at most, a minor inconvenience most of the time.
It sounds like you're making a contradition.  Previously, you suggested that a privatized system wouldn't work, but at the end of the last paragraph you seem to be saying that the blame falls on "the legislature"'s doing something wrong.
See the problem with that position?  Please get your story straight.
The main victims of the "S&L fiasco" were the taxpayers who had to pay hundreds of billions of dollars in claims due to the government simultaneously maintaining the S&L insurance but chancing the laws to allow the fraud that trashed that industry.  In other words, the problems were CAUSED BY GOVERNMENT.  And like I suggested, no the average taxpayer didn't have any ability to fight this rape of his wallet:  He didn't find out about it until it was mostly all over.
And if you object to being rooked in a company's bankruptcy, complain to the government who makes itself a preferred creditor  in almost all circumstances.
If it's "perfectly legal" yet "inherently unfair," it sounds like much of the blame lies with the legislature, since it is the legislature that is responsible for the laws.  Huh?
In the example _you_ mentioned, the S&L bailout, no "heads rolled."  Was any government employee punished at all?  I don't recall it!
The goal is not, specifically, to "stop the flow of money."  The goal is to ensure that candidates know as little as possible about where the money comes from.
You still haven't proven your case.
You are coming to conclusions without support.  As I said before, you've convinced yourself that you KNOW that a particular election went a particular way precisely because of "public employees."  Sigh!  You STILL aren't supporting your claims!
How much longer do you intend to waste my time?  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-02 14:16:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FLT 800: From the Rumor Mill...But It Makes Sense.. (fwd) 
Isn't there just the tiniest bit of a double-standard here?  If the ship was supposedly "justified" in firing on an airplane just because it _could_become_ a threat, and _could_ fire a missile at any moment, then why can't we turn this logic around and claim that an Iranian aircraft could view an Aegis as a ship which "could become a threat" and "could fire a missile at any moment."
Generally, I'm not sympathetic to the Iranians; far from it.  But I can smell hypocrisy a mile away and the US military's "logic" in this area is Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-03 09:31:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "Bit Tax" article in EET 
August 26, 1996, Electronics Engineering Times, Page 4
"Europe wary of bit tax"
By Peter Clarke
Maastrict, Netherlands
Since it surfaced in a report prepared for the European Commission earlier this year (see April 29, page 1) the idea of a "bit tax" on data communications has received a mixed response in Europe.  Feedback has ranged from calls for adoption and implementation from within the Belgian government, to a qualified rejection by one vice president of the European Commission (EC), to disjust and disbelief amonst individual Interenet users, particularly in Italy.
The bit tax idea, only a very minor part of an interim report, has received a great deal of publicity from private individuals, who seem to be the most upset, fearing state interference as an attempt to tax freedom of speech.  Luc Soete, director of the Maastrict Economics Research Institute on Innovation and Technology, has been heavily flamed via e-mail since the report's publication.  As chairman of the so-called High Level Experts Group (HLEG) which authorited the report, it was he who included just one clause in about 100 pages of text, calling for an investigation of the taxing of data transmission over networks, and particularly over the internet.
[JB:  I can't resist adding a comment here.  One of the most threatening aspects of this "bit tax" idea (even far more important than the value of the money paid) is the fact that it would make all ISP's and Internet users automatically subject to "tax evasion" charges which would just be a smokescreen for content investigation, and would automatically "justify" wiretaps where content-based investigation would be impossible.  It is very likely that threatening an ISP with such charges would cause him to become more cooperative, and the difficulty in calculating and verifying the accuracy of the taxes paid would make everyone an inadvertent criminal, which would give the government enormous leverage it wouldn't otherwise have.  The way I see it, anyone who values freedom who would otherwise support a bit-tax-type proposal should run into a brick wall with this problem, and join the opposition to it right here.]
Speaking at a conference on telecommuting, the Belgian Minister for Telecommunications, Elio Di Ruppo, came out as a supporter of the bit tax.  But the Flemish government, which is responsible for half of Belgium, claims a bit tax would undermine its efforts in promoting information technology within its territory.
The report was prepared for DG-V, the department of the EC responsible for social affairs, but Martin Bangemann, the EC vice president who heads up DG-XIII and is responsible for information technology and telecommunications, has expressed concern over the impact of a bit tax.  Issues include economic growth and roll out of next-generation information and communications technologies and how a bit tax could be implemented.  The EC's official position on the bit tax is that it has no position.  "This is only an interim report at the moment," said a spokesman for the DG-V.  "The bit tax idea may not even be present in the final report."
Not Possible?
"The big problem is that it's a nice idea, but implementation may not be possible at the European level," the spokesman continued.  It may have to be set at the world level.  At the moment, we are waiting for the final report."
Officials responses to the interim report, from government and industry bodies, have been generally favorable but often don't mention the bit tax, Soete said.  "The bit tax responses have been much more individual.  It just goes to show that people don't read reports, but they do read newspapers."
Soete continued: "E-mail responses have been very offensive, very negative."  Reluctant to give examples, Soete admitted that many e-mail messages had attacked him personally but that the gist was "keep your hands off the Those responses, as well as more cogent arguments put forward, have prompted Soete to publish a second paper, titled: "The bit tax:  the case for further research."  In this, Soete has recast the bit tax as a replacement for the value-added tax (VAT) on information-technology goods and services, rather than as an additional tax.  "There was an issue of double taxation there, which it is hard to justify," he said.
VAT is a European-wide system of taxation on consumption roughly equivalent to the US sales-tax system:  It is typically set at 17.5 percent of the untaxed value.   Soete argued that VAT is heavily based on ideas of material inputs at different states through a chain of manufacture and is not well-suited to "intangible" services.
He pointed out that a telephone call is currently priced and taxed in relation to the distance and time.  Instead, Soete proposes the bit or byte--rather than the second--as the fundamental unit of measure.  Taxation on that basis might save small-scale users money while increasing the tax burden on large-scale users.
"This is a new system of communications, and the assumption that we should be able to use it without any taxation is ridiculous," Soete said.
As planned, the HLEG will rewrite its report in light of responses and further research by the end of 1996 before submitting it to DG-V, which is then expected to call for some of the particular recommendations to be investigated in 1997.
[end of article]
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-03 12:25:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: FLT 800: From the Rumor Mill...But It Makes Sense.. (fwd) 
Suggestion for future improvement...
C:>DEL AIRLINER.COM   Are you sure? (Y/N) _
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-03 13:06:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics Question 
To a first approximation, they could split the reward among the correct guessers. This is an issue that I considered in some detail a year ago, but which (surprisingly enough) hasn't been raised by others.  As I pointed out in AP part 1, it is necessary to reduce  "shotgun guesses" among people who simply guess a date (or many dates) and make a bet.  That's why I included the system of requiring the predictor to include a payment with the prediction, in such a way that the prediction remains anonymous while the included money is always paid to the AP organization.  This might initially appear to be a burden to the potential "guesser"/killer, but in fact if he understands the reason for it he'll want the system in place:  It's one of the main ways to avoid the situation where multiple people make guesses for a particular person and date, and thus it would tend to ensure that the successful "guessor" is the only one to make that guess.
Some of my analysis in AP part 1 was superficial and not really accurate, because  in the example it gave, it suggested that the amount of money that would have to be included might be as little as 1/1000th of the reward money.    However, chances are it'll usually be somewhat higher for this reason:  Let's say a person does something REALLY AWFUL, such as Jeffrey Dahmer or another multiple murderer.  Suddenly, he goes from completely anonymous to Public Enemy   One would suppose that if AP was operating "efficiently," he'd be dead in a week.  However, if indeed he's dead in a week, and you only have to pay 1/1000th per day to place your bet on his demise, you could (hypothetically) make your bet for all seven days, paying a total of 7/1000th of the prize, and assuming the death occurred any day that week you'd be guaranteed to share in that prize.
But that's the problem:  You'd only _share_ in that prize, because many other people would get the same idea and they'd make similar bets, and the thing would simply turn into a Lotto-type game.  The potential killer out there, aware of this problem, would hesitate to make his bet under those circumstances, because it is almost certain he'd lose at least part of the prize to others.  The result would be a great deal of suspense, because nobody would know when somebody is actually going to place a prediction and carry out a killing.  The AP organization would rake in the money from all those bets, but the killing would be delayed and the betting public would become unhappy.  At some point the "prediction" donations would slow down, and perhaps a killer would take this as a cue to actually make his prediction.
One way to avoid this is to carefully adjust the amount of payment that's required with the "prediction," raising it _just_enough_ to deter all but "informed guessing" among people who know what's going to happen. Or, at least, to reduce "uninformed guessing" to a level which doesn't dramatically affect the fulfillment of the donations.  The problem with this is that this price-setting would be a lot of work, and is not likely to produce the "right" price.  It would be somewhat akin to the kind of central planning that the communists never did very well.  The problem with trying to set a price like this is that to do it right, requires WAY too much knowledge, knowledge that will often only be known by a small number of people that you can't identify.
Perhaps the most obvious solution is to allow the free market to decide how much a given prediction is worth.  In other words, the Invisible Hand of Adam Smith.  Instead of asking for some specific amount of money along with any given prediction, simply announce that along with a prediction the predictor ought to include some portion of digital cash, although there would be no minimum amount required.  Assuming the associated prediction turns out to be true, the reward fund will be distributed on a pro-rated basis, divided up based on the amount of prediction.  For example, if you're the killer and you include a dollar with your prediction, and I'm a random, guessing predictor and I include a dime, you get 1/1.1 of the reward and I get 0.1/1.1.  Had you included $10 with your prediction, you'd have won 10.00/10.10, and I'd get 0.1/10.10.  Sure, the amount a predictor included might be as little as a dime, and if that's the only correct prediction he'll get the entire amount of the reward.  But a killer would be stupid to ONLY include a dime, because somebody else could, likewise, include a dime per day for a prediction for a given person, and then he'd get half of the reward if nobody else did the same thing.  And since it would only cost him $0.10 per day or $36.50 per year for a given person, he'd be dollars ahead to do this.
It should be clear that a person who really KNEW that the target would die on a particular day would want to include enough digital cash to help ensure that he's the beneficiary of a good fraction of the reward, ideally most or all of it.  On the other hand, he won't want to include so much that it's "too much" a proportion of the reward itself, since the payment is non-refundable and it reduces his net reward.  The random guesser likewise wants to maximize his share, but unlike the killer does not have the specific knowledge that the death will occur on that particular day.  With this system, the market is responsible for finding its own equilibrium point.  The AP organization need not decide how likely a given death is, and how much money to ask for.  Its job is made substantially simpler.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-03 16:01:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
At the risk of sounding like a broken record (a phrase that will get ever more obscure now that we're in the CD era...) that's why I pushing AP (Assassination Politics.)  While anonymous remailers and chains are great for security, there ought to be some final bulwark against violations of our security and anonymity that doesn't depend on legal arguments, or even technical refinements of encryption.  When organizations such as CoS can seek Penet data with impunity, and when courts in Finland can let them, we're not safe.  Remember the saying, "The best defense is a good offense."  Playing as we do now, it's like saying, "We'll try our best to maintain our security, but if it fails too bad."   I propose changing it to, "We'll try our best to maintain our security, but if you manage to violate it anyway you're dead."  As rude as it may sound, one of the best advantages is that this defense is free while it's not needed, and is pretty cheap when called upon.
In case anybody has any residual doubts as to whether we should enforce our rights in this way, consider this: if we've decided that we have the right to anonymity and security (through remailers and encryption) EVEN IF some people might misuse those tools to cause crime and potentially even death (which, of course, would be an exceedingly rare outcome) then I suggest we've already accepted the principle that our rights to use these tools daily are more important than the possibility of a rare negative outcome. (in the same sense that occasional fatal car accidents don't justify taking away all cars.)   And if that's the case, we should also be willing to DELIVER a rare negative outcome to anyone who acts to take these rights away, particularly if such a person is adequately forewarned of our intentions.   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-03 17:02:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Modem tax again? 
Yes, isn't it interesting how they managed to turn this issue into their desire to "end a subsidy," when you know they would be terrified of REALLY ending the various telephone subsidies that are operating.  For years, businesses have paid more for telephone service than residences.  While this might have made sense in the era before digital switches, it does no longer.
Also,  the claim that "Internet users are overtaxing phone networks and ought to pay more for monthly service" isn't believable.  In my experience, the time between 9:30 pm and 11:00 pm is the only time which usually produces busy signals to my ISP, a time which is when, traditionally, telephone traffic is quite light as compared to peak hours.  I'd be happy to compare the "usage-factor versus time" of ISP's versus regular voice calls if I had the numbers, but I suspect that calls to local ISP's complement voice traffic rather than add to its peaks.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-03 18:09:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: POT_hot 
Am I being unreasonable to expect at least a certain degreee of logic in the world?    Why is it that this guy (Laqueur) seems to believe that the future is filled with "greater panic than anything the world has yet experienced."  I believe that, while there may be panic, it'll be panic on the part of the politicians, not ordinary citizens.  I suppose a certain amount of bias is to be expected, seeing as how it's Foreign Affairs magazine.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-04 05:48:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Esther Dyson Flap 
Indeed, I support the elimination of concepts such as "slander" and "libel" precisely because they cause more harm than good.  Currently, there is an illusion among ordinary citizens that "if that was untrue, you could sue him for libel!" despite the fact that this is rarely practical.  In that way, the law actually adds credibility to what should be an incredible claim.  Eliminate libel suits, and you've eliminated any presumption that because it's been spoken or is in print, it's likely to be correct.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-04 11:54:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
"Addressed", maybe, but that doesn't necessarily mean, "solved."  For many decades, people have been able to walk up to a pay telephone at 3:00 AM and make a harassing phone call to somebody, a "problem" which still exists and no solution is being implemented for.
I think it's reasonable to come to the conclusion that there is no solution to the anonymity "problem" that isn't worse than the underlying anonymity.  And, BTW, I don't consider a pro-anonymity position to be an extremist one.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-04 15:49:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
The Leahy crypto bill introduced early this year made (paraphrasing) "the use of encryption to thwart a law-enforcement investigation illegal."  I immediately pointed out that while this wouldn't make _encrypted_ remailers illegal, per se,  effectively it would because the moment an investigation (even a phony or trumped-up one) is started and is "thwarted" by the encryption used, the remailer operator became guilty of a crime.  True, the USG isn't quite a "global entity" (even though it has a nasty habit of behaving like it!), but along with Europe (which would presumably treaty with USG any such restrictions) it's the next closest thing.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-04 16:09:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Be careful, Leahy's bill sucked. I don't classify it as "pro-crypto" at all, although if you believed those organizations that initially supported it you'd come to that conclusion.  So somebody following your analysis (blindly) might have inadvertently embraced a clunker, concluding that supporting SOMETHING was important for the reasons you listed.  And while this may appear to be paranoia, I suspected that that the whole reason for the Leahy bill was to get the "criminalization of the use of encryption" section on the books, the one truly awful part of the bill.  The funny thing is, it almost worked!  Didn't it, EFF?!?
 Burns' bill seems to be at least moderately acceptable, in that it appears to remove most restrictions on crypto export.  Further, I don't necessarily share your pessimism that these bills won't pass.  Not this year, of course, but possibly next year. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-05 04:46:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Moreover, this "spreading the responsibility" philosophy ties in with the recent practices (both in the civil and criminal areas) of passing blame around.  In civil areas, it's called "deep pockets."  In the criminal area, you occasionally see news items about laws making parents criminally liable for the actions of their children.
Why WOULDN'T the police want to shut down anonymous remailers?  The Leahy bill clearly didn't distinguish between remailer operators and users, so it is no leap to conclude that they would be treated similarly.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-05 10:03:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Race Bit: C 
Perhaps the most ominous part of making "use of encryption to thwart an investigation" illegal is _not_ that remailer operators might be prosecuted, but that they might NOT be prosecuted in a deal where (in exchange for not being prosecuted) they continue to operate the remailer, "cracked" or sabotaged so that they share all the info with the cops.  While even that won't make chained remailers totally useless, eventually suspicions of such a crack will surface, which will help sabotage the credibility of all remailers, not just the ones that have been "stung."  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-05 10:49:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Browne and foreign tyrants 
And this was a real shame.  Over 30 million people died in WWII, directly or indirectly.  We knew that Hitler was going to be a problem well before 1936.  Think how many could have been saved...
If anything, WWII is excellent proof that AP is a good idea.  Stauffenberg was the German who bombed Hitler's meeting in 1944 but failed to kill him.  Stauffenberg knew as early as 1942 that Hitler needed to be killed, and a recent "60 Minutes" episode related how hundreds of people knew about this The reason he failed was that while he was preparing the two bombs in a bathroom, he was interrupted. (The bomb's delay mechamism was acid dissolving a metal.)  Rather than being caught, he left one of the briefcases in the bathroom and went to the meeting with only one bomb.  Furthermore, he left the bomb at the meeting, but it was pushed behind the heavy table after he left, which shielded Hitler from much of the force of the explosion.
If AP (or at least, some anonymous reward mechanism for Stauffenberg's family) had been available, he would have done "the honorable thing," and walked up to Hitler with the bomb and instantly detonated it right there, resulting in both Hitler's and Stauffenberg's certain death.  At least hundreds of thousands or perhaps over a million people would have SURVIVED.  As it happened, Stauffenberg's reticence caused not only his death after torture, but also the deaths of well over a hundred coup-plotters, but also the thousands that were yet to die in the last 6+ months of WWII.
Question:  Would you kill yourself to save a million lives?  Even if you wouldn't, would you change your mind if your heirs would be anonymously paid an extra $10 million dollars or so?  I'd say that's a pretty substantial motivation, wouldn't you?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-05 16:14:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
"Hey, man, whatever you'se been smoking, could'ja give me a joint or two?"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:01:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Herr Schmidt 
"Once all the Germans were warlike and mean
But that couldn't happen again.
We taught them a lesson in 1918...
And they've hardly bothered us since then!"
Tom Lehrer, "MLF Lullaby"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-06 20:52:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Race Bit: C 
I think Mr. Anonymous displays a mental crutch that you'll occasionally see:  A person who, while he'll not quite admit defending the status quo, criticizes alternatives to it yet doesn't have a solution of his own.  He says he wants to be left "in peace," forgetting that most people in the world today are NOT left in peace.
The way I see it, the status quo doesn't come "pre-justified":  It needs just as much a defense as any other proposal.  Its main advantage is that it tends to be more understood that most hypotheticals, because it's been tested. Sadly, people tend to ignore its disadvantages, to to excess Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 03:28:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Anonymous phone calls (was: What is the EFF doing exactly?) 
Don't be too sure about the "anonymity" of these cards.  You don't have to give your name when you buy or use them, but assuming a large number of phone calls (to, from different locations) can be associated together after the fact, your name can probably be fairly easily obtained.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 04:05:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Conservation Laws, Money, Engines, and Ontology (fwd) 
Assuming we all agree that we're moving from a paper-based mail system to email, it is logical that "junk mail" will move as well.  As I recall, statistics show that the average cost of a piece of junk mail is about $1 or so, including postage, printing, etc.  It occurred to me a while back (and this proposal appears to be at least approximated by other proposals around here) that since companies are already saving a dollar, they should use some of those savings to "bribe" Internet-users into reading those (commercial) messages. Don't bother with all the details on how to verify this, just include digital cash along with the message, to be credited automatically to the Assuming the average Internet user already pays about $15 per month for access, he would only have to receive 2 emails a day which pay him 25 cents per, to pay for this service.  At that point, his Internet access would be free, at least somewhat analogous to free TV which is paid for by commercials.
Everybody's ahead, except for the postman, the printer, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 05:22:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Race Bit: C 
Since red liquid running in the streets is generally so reviled, one of the things which mystifies me is why there aren't more simulation-type programs used to test out hypotheticals, for example a "SimEconomy."   For example, you'll occasionally hear about a media news organization gathering a dozen or so volunteers in a room, and asking them to solve a problem like "The Budget Deficit" or some such.   The result of their interplay is generally used to explain why these problems are hard to solve.
I, for one, would love to be able to program in an immediate 25%+ reduction in military spending (added to that a 5%/year cumulative cut after that for 10+ years), a 5% cut then a cap on Socialist Insecurity, 5% per year (cumulative,for 10 years) of reduction in welfare, along with similarly substantial cuts/caps in Medicare and a few other features.  Obviously, a computer-based simulation wouldn't just blindly do the cuts, but would also estimate the secondary and tertiary effects of such cuts, for example spending in areas whose economies are traditionally dependant on defense programs, etc.  I'm not saying that I think these changes would be _easy_, politically, but if the average citizen were made aware of how simple the changes were, he'd be less tolerant of special-interest politics.
I hope you don't expect me to argue with this  B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 08:10:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Subject: Re: Race Bit: C 
No argument here...
Life generally doesn't come equipped with any guarantees.  Some people object to private ownership of guns, on a similar theory that "there is no guarantee they won't be used against innocent people."  Others (most of us?), particularly libertarians challenge this, pointing out that it is the abuse of a right which should be punished, rather than curtailing a right simply because a small minority abuse it.  To the extent we believe the latter argument, we are accepting the idea that a "guarantee" is not necessary.
AP, ultimately, is a tool that can be used well or used badly.  I advocate using it well.
Check out what I wrote at the end of AP part 7:
"Terror, too, because this system may just change almost EVERYTHING how we think about our current society, and even more for myself personally, the knowledge that there may some day be a large body of wealthy people who are thrown off their current positions of control of the world's governments, and the very-real possibility that they may look for a "villain" to blame for their downfall.  They will find one, in me, and at that time they will have the money and (thanks to me, at least partially) the means to see their revenge.  But I would not have published this essay if I had been unwilling to accept the risk."
Long before I started publicizing AP, I had made my decision.
In a quote attributed to Al Capone, he said something like, "You can get more with a kind word and a gun, than you can with a kind word alone."  Capone was probably talking about offense, but the principle is even more applicable to _defense_:  If you have a gun, you can prevent somebody else from coercing you, and ensure that they have to CONVINCE you!   AP is like a gun which can be aimed at the agents of the majority, to prevent them from violating the rights of the minority.
First, AP only "initiates"  if it is used against people who have not,
 themselves, initiated force or fraud.  I contend that while this is not impossible, it is improbable.  If you choose a target that "everyone" else agrees has initiated force, you'll only have to cough up a dollar, or a quarter, or even a dime and you'll all get your wish.  Randomly select a guiltless individual and you'll be the only one paying, not to mention the fact that you might  have trouble finding an AP organization that'll take your malicious donation. This translates into:  "They'll exist, but due to lack of competition they'll be able to insist on taking a healthy cut of their own."
In addition, if you attempt to use AP against somebody who already knows it's probably you (say, an ex business partner you just ripped off?), its anonymity won't be much use.
Revolutions are
The whole point of crypto-anarchy is that revolutions are CHANGING.   Think of a revolution like an earthquake:  It's the sudden release of stress built up over years or decades.  In an earthquake, if that release could be spread out from the seconds or minute it normally takes, to hours or even days (or better yet, continuously) the amplitude would be far smaller and you probably wouldn't even notice it.  Likewise, politically, the only reason you get revolutions is because political leadership gets entrenched and resists change.  Even in democracy, which is supposed to facilitate changes, eventually the politicians learn to play one group off another, leading to the same kind of social stratification problems that even dictatorships have.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 09:57:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Doing away with govt. people 
You've probably heard of the "RICO statute," or "Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt Organizations" law.  It's both criminal and civil:  You're supposed to be able to bring a RICO lawsuit against an organization and get triple damages.  Maybe somebody should try it and name the federal government as defendant...There's certainly plenty of evidence.
"Dead,"  preferably.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 12:08:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cellular phone tracing 
You should DEFINITELY start worrying when the FexX operator says something like, "I see you're the guy in the red shirt and brown pants."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-07 15:11:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Race Bit: C 
A few months ago, somebody posted onto CP a phony story, which claimed that "somebody" had developed an artificially-intelligent program which would take the place of the judge and (?) jury in the (so-called) justice system.  It was an obvious phony, but I thought it was even more obvious, even if we assumed the existence of a program which is smart enough to interpret evidence and laws.  The problem is, the "legal system" is practically saturated with unwritten biases which favor the rich over the poor, the strong over the weak, and the government over everybody else.  Any program which read the Constituion  and the laws wouldn't see those biases, and would start writing decisions...respecting the Constitution!  It would presumably view the violation of someone's Constitutional rights as a criminal act, and it would be hard for the cops to stay out of jail.  The standard for conviction, "beyond a reasonable doubt," when religiously  adhered-to would make convictions difficult to obtain.  The program would look for Constitutional justification for anti-drug laws, and finding none, would ignore such violations but would convict anyone trying to enforce them.  Likewise, it would read the second amendment (and the lack of authority for regulating guns in the rest of the Constitution) and conclude that guns were un-regulatable.  The program would see that nothing in the Constitution requires people to testify for the prosecution.  The program wouldn't see any justification for the judge-written concept of judicial civil immunity, or government-employee immunity in most cases.  The program would notice that double-jeopardy is prohibited, and would prohibit any retrials in which there are "hung juries" or government errors.  In other words, the government would actually have to start OBEYING THE CONSTITUTION! Ask most lawyers, and they'll say, 'No, that's not the way we do things.'  In a sense, they're right!  That's NOT the way they do things.  And that's the problem!
   This would be considered unacceptable; the program would be declared "broken" and "useless."  Sure, it could be fixed, but they'd have to qualify and quantify all of the biases currently present in the system, and write them into the program in the form of subroutines.  The problem is, nobody who actually supports these biases would want to acknowledge what they are and why they're there, and nobody who opposes these biases would agree to keep them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-08 03:10:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: What the NSA is patenting 
Just remember that an AC-driven bulk eraser will be far more effective than a permanent magnet at erasing data securely.  An oscillating magnet field re-magnetizes the floppy 120 times per second, as opposed to the single magnetization done by  the permanent magnet.  Each pass through the hysteresis curve brings down residual signals somewhat, maybe 10 db.  With the AC field, it's hard NOT to have a good erase.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-08 06:05:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
Wouldn't it be more realistic if instead of representing individual characters, you created composites which had a "weight" based on how many of them exist in the country/world?  For example, the character "buggy-whip maker" in 1900 would be weighted in the thousands, while his number would be drastically reduced a few decades later.
This would avoid the "going in with guns blazing" scenario, or at least it would put it into perspective:  the number of assassins would drop by "1" (or some proportion) if that happened, although correspondingly the number of targets would also drop. With this system, a character would never die, but his number would simply drop to an insignificant quantity. ("Government-thugs" comes to mind...)   And that's not the only reason the number of characters would drop:  If it suddenly became "unhealthy" to accept a public paycheck, and thus the risk wasn't matched by the rewards, presumably people would shift professions.  Again, this would all be part of the simulation. Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-10 16:31:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [WAS xs4all.nl] Terrorists 
I think the analysis is even more attractive than these numbers would imply.   Probably the victims of government were, on average, no more "worthy of death" than that of the average citizen.  They were the soldiers killed in wars (many or most of whom were drafted), civilians bombed, the victims of oppression and holocaust, etc.  More or less ordinary people, a cross-section of society.
While it's harder to generalize about victims of private killing, probably a far higher probability were either the bad guys killed off by other bad guys, or the bad guys killed legitimately by the good guys.  Even when they were "good guys killed by bad guys," in many cases it's due to fallout from drug laws, or people prevented from carrying guns for their own protection.  Normally efforts to reduce terrorism would be welcomed by the government.  Wouldn't it be interesting to see their reaction to an organization which announces that there are too many innocent citizens who are becoming victims of terrorism, and publicly calls on these terrorists to direct their attacks to non-private individuals, possibly researching the matter and giving I think the public would understand, after a little education, that the average terrorist doesn't really have any reason to want to kill a private citizen if a better alternative were presented.  I don't suppose you'd ever see a conventional polling organization ask the public questions like, "would you prefer to see 200+ randomly-selected citizens die in an airplane bombing, or the deaths of 50 government employees most responsible for the Waco and Ruby Ridge incidents."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:05:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: China joins Singapore, Germany, .... 
"Drop those bits!  We've got you delimited!"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-11 12:47:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Guns Don't Kill People, IP Does 
That's the RIGHT answer!  Historically, governments have wanted to deny dissident-type people the freedom to spread word of their opposition to the rest of the population.  This just made the problem worse, ensuring that they'd have to use violence to get the word out.   The problem fed on itself until these people became "terrorists."  The best way to stop this cycle is to allow these people to talk to us, and the web page is the modern form of Be _very_ suspicious of anybody who wants to continue to isolate people he calls "terrorists."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-11 15:58:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Crypto Anachy MUD 
Jon Leonard made it clear to me that he was planning a human-assisted game/MUD, rather than a computer simulation.  His explanation is that it is difficult to implement an unbiased simulation, because it is difficult to "simulate" a human.  But putting people controlling characters into the equation restores the "human element" which arguably will make the results more realistic.  Makes sense to me.
The one item I suggested was that instead of people controlling individual characters in this MUD, they control a "weighted character" whose weight depends on the number of people of that type in the society.  After all, in the path towards a crypto anarchy-type situation, people will naturally have to migrade away from government-oriented solutions, and towards other jobs.  Some will be killed, some will retire, some will switch jobs, etc.  Turning such a group into a weighted character would allow their number to reflect societal changes a more quantitatively than individual characters.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-12 09:12:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ALERT: Call the Commerce committee!  1-800-962-3524 
checking my files and verifying the number this morning, I find that there is an active 1-800 number to call Congress.  (Don't know who'se it is, but it reaches the Congressional switchboard...)
The Capitol Switchboard can be reached at 1-800-962-3524.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-12 13:19:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hacking Mobil Telephone System ? 
Sorry to add more complication, but "northern or southern latitude?"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-12 14:59:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: (Fnord) Edupage, 10 September 1996 
24 years from now?  He thinks it'll take that long?!?   24 years _ago_  the 4004 microprocessor barely existed.  And if anything, change is accelerating very rapidly.
Organizations which exist only because of the existence of government...
I'd sure like to be able to corner this guy and point out that there are people who believe that _regulating_ the Internet should either be considered an "act of trespass" or an "act of war."  And does he want to be punished, or merely stopped?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-13 16:54:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fed appellate judge remarks re anonymity, free speech on the  net 
I wish somebody would go up to these guys and point out that since the Internet is, more or less, a huge, worldwide, VOLUNTARY association of people, _we_ don't think these judges have any sort of "right" to regulate its content.  Furthermore, it isn't clear that the proper regulators of the Internet shouldn't be an entirely different set of people selected by Internet users, RATHER than the same old government system that's managed to screw up the rest of the world so far.
And if you're looking for "menacing," I'd say that describes the government's behavior towards the Internet over the last year or two.
Which child?  Does he understand what "computer-generated" means?
What about the "ongoing trauma" to the adults?  I smell hypocrisy.
Which means that he'll last just a little longer "when the cyber-revolution Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-14 04:48:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Jury Nullification = Voting One's Conscience 
I have to disagree with that...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-14 05:36:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 260_0it 
"Open the garage door, HAL."
"I'm sorry, Dave, but those sirloin steaks in the refrigerator are too valuable for me to allow you to eat them.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-16 08:40:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
If the phoneco was realistic about ISDN value, they'd decide that since anybody can buy a 31k modem  for $100 or so, the "value" of a 128K connection is about $400, and then they'd charge based on the actuarial value of this hypothetical one-time fee, at perhaps an interest rate of 5% or so:  In other words, about a $20 per year charge, or around $2 per month.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-16 14:37:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Living and the Dead 
ObAP comment:  A few weeks ago, the tv show "60 Minutes" ran an item about a group of Jews who, after the end of WWII, vowed revenge on the Nazis, down to German soldiers, plotting to kill as many as they could.  In their biggest coup, they killed hundreds of Germans in a POW camp by poisoning their bread.
My reaction?  As you might expect, I think that the main thing they did wrong was to not kill enough of them, but more particularly to not target the higher-ups.  The way I see it, the fundamental reason that people will continue to participate in holocausts, even today, is that they see no real prospect of being punished for their crimes.
Unfortunately, society has been conditioned if not to "forgive and forget," at least to not punish where it has an opportunity to punish.  I suggest that this is no accident:  It is in the interest of tyrants everywhere to let the other guy off easy, lest he be in the same position someday.  This is why numerous African and South American dictators were allowed to "retire" in peace, rather than being killed.
How would an AP-type system treat Robert McNamara?  He'd be dead in a second.  To those who say, "What good would this do?" I respond: Anyone in the American government today who is considering an adventure which MIGHT turn into another Vietnam should be deterred by the knowledge that sometime, in 30 minutes or 30 years, he could be killed for what he did.   Robert McNamara, presumably, did what he did because he thought he'd never be punished.  The best way to deter future governmental abuse is to remind these people that they _will_ be punished.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-16 15:02:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ComLaw> Down South 
Cross-post from commonlaw at teleport.com
group, I'm particularly pleased with them.  This is exactly the kind of alternative that we need to the stereotypical, "kill lotsa innocent citizens" attacks which are often associated with the term terrorism.  They make it clear that they specifically target soldiers, police, and other government employees.
After reading a couple of articles, it is obvious what they need:  A method to prevent spoofing of their communiques, a function that PGP could do quite easily.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-17 10:27:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
A friend of mine (who can be just as coarse as I) calls them "Welfare-powered bastard factories."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-17 10:52:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Living and the Dead 
Okay, it was just an expression...   It would probably take a couple weeks.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-17 10:55:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Actually, less:  It's mostly hydrogen.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-17 11:19:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Kiddie porn on the Internet 
Yet another obligatory AP (Assassination Politics) reference:  If a person is really interested in helping out "starving children" he may be able to do far more good by purchasing the death of the local tyrant(s), rather than (just) buying more food.  After all, if the donor really believes that this starvation isn't endemic to the country, he has to conclude that it's a condition which is forced on the victims. In addition, you almost always find that these starving countries have well-supplied militaries, defending the local warlords against each other as in Somalia.  Indeed, in Somalia the incoming food was actually used to buoy up one group against another, because access to it is controlled directly or indirectly by the factions.
Some might argue that the death of a single leader doesn't normally fix the problem.  While that's often true, it's normally because there isn't an automatic guarantee that the next 20+ leaders will ALSO be killed if they display the same problems as the first.  Provide that guarantee, and (somewhat paradoxically) not only do you not need to kill the 20+, you probably won't have to kill the first one!
(wondering when the world will see the light...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 03:00:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Free RSA chip 
I don't want the chip, but I'd like to know a few things.
1.  How much of a secure telephone does it contain?
a.  voice A/D/A?
b.  modem A/D/A DSP?
c.  Keyboard multiplex?
d.  control microprocessor?
e.  Encryption section?
2.  Is there any indication that NT+T has worked with any other manufacturers to design some sort of inter-telephone negotiation standard, one that would allow the kind of inter-compatibility that modems have today?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 03:05:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: IBM_gak 
So, the "Little Tramp" and the "Great Dictator" turn out to be one and the same...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 03:19:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Kiddie porn on the Internet 
There is an enormous difference in significance between the following two 1.  Tyrant A, speaking outside, gets struck by a meteorite and is instantly killed.  He is immediately replaced by his second-in-command.
2.  Tyrant B is told that he has been threatened with a meteorite strike by an opponent in an hour if he goes on with his speech, he ignores the "unbelievable" warning, and dies on schedule, just as he was warned, struck by a meteorite.  What should his vice-thug do in THIS case?!?
 Physically, the same thing happened:  Big boom.  But the implications are vastly different.   Incident 1 looks like a freak of nature that's unlikely to be repeated. It leads to very few policy changes or changes in precautions. It was a fluke.   Incident 2 looks like somebody has developed a new weapon of practically supernatural capabilities. This difference is why I scoff at your attempts to equate political assassination in the past with what will be accomplished in the future.  (other people have made this mistake as well; it's a common misunderstanding.)   In the past, assassinations have often led to worse replacements, but that is because there is no likely prospect that the assassination will be repeated, as many times as needed, until the job is done.  Partly that's because assassinations were often seen to be the work of "lone nuts" (who don't come around all that often), or because they were done by the very people who take over.  In either case, the prospects of a repeat are rather low.
As anyone who really understands my AP theory recognizes, getting rid of an unwanted leader will become so easy and cheap (on a per-citizen basis) that nobody would dare take the job who angered more than a tiny fraction of the population.  A "worse" government would simply never be formed, unless they were suicidal.
The _truth_, however, is that the alternative was worse...for the US government.  It's really very simple: Let me draw an analogy.  Modern organophosphate pesticides were initially developed by German chemists in the 1930's.  These materials are closely related to Sarin, the well-known nerve agent that killed people in the Tokyo subway attack over a year ago. It turns out that Sarin is a rather simple molecule.  Why not use it to kill bugs?  Well, it kills bugs just fine.  The problem, of course, is that it kills farmers just as well.
Since you presumably don't want to do that, you have to go to all the trouble to find compounds that kill bugs, but are as non-toxic as possible to farmers.  And if you look at the description of the contents of modern organophosphate pesticides on the bottles, you see names that only a chemist could possibly pronounce, names so long (because their molecules were so complex) that you often have to take a breath in the middle to recite.  These compounds were found by individually synthesizing thousands, or even tens of thousands of compounds, and testing each one.  Individually.  Eventually, they found compounds which were as toxic to bugs as Sarin is to humans, but were far less toxic to humans.  They found the needle in the Likewise, as I've discovered through AP, it will be easy to get rid of tyrants.  The exquisitely difficult task is to get rid of ONLY SOME of the tyrants, for example Saddam Hussein, Moammar Khadafi, etc, and leaving most of the rest behind.  _THAT'S_ the tricky part.   I have the easy task:  describing a system to get rid of them all, with no exceptions.  But that's the system that nobody in the leadership of any current country wants to see. That is why you won't see Clinton announcing that he's going to use my idea to get rid of Saddam Hussein, and instead will waste hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars in a failed bid to eject the thug.
Doesn't that make you feel a lot safer?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 09:29:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Kiddie porn on the Internet 
It depends entirely on what you mean by "intimidated."
AP would make them pretty damn useless, because instead of the typical Palestiniation having to depend on a few corrupt self-chosen leaders, they could get their revenge on an individual basis.  Who needs PLO or Hamas under such circumstances?   Besides, the Israelis (as well as resentful Palestinians) could get rid of abusive PLO or Hamas leadership using AP.
No, because the leadership in the US who would either choose such a system (or not) well understand that people who live in glass palaces shouldn't start throwing rocks against the enemy leadership.
Assassination can easily fail if you don't give the proper people the motivation to accomplish the task. The key to having it work out is to ensure that the few people who have access to the target are sufficiently motivated to collect the reward. Who, exactly, was given a motivation to kill Castro?  A few clowns in Miami?  A few crooks in Jersey?
Give _everybody_ who meets Castro during the day a $10 million motivation to kill him, and he'll be dead before sunset.
Since it's never been tried before, how do you know?
I don't doubt that there will be many people who misunderstand AP.  You're obviously one of them.
I would naturally consider it permissable to engage the support of Pardon me, but what's wrong with this?    Follow the news more closely, and you'll hear of a group which is operating in southern Mexico, the "EPR," which is killing off government employees, politicians, and police.  True, they're not implementing the mathematical, digital-cash basis behind AP, but they see to be making good progress against the corruption which is Mexico.  Increase their productivity by a factor of 10, and the Mexican government would be terrified.  Increase it by 100, and the Mexican government would fall within a few months.
Does that make YOU responsible if, by calling for people to NOT kill their oppressors, they continue to suffer oppression?
Then you obviously don't understand the meaning of the word, "censorship."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 09:29:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Assassination Politics, was Kiddie porn on the Internet 
As you understand, I really have to question anybody who would take an extraordinarily contrived work of fiction like LOTF and exrtrapolate from it as some sort of "answer" to AP.  However, Unicorn is sufficiently confused that it's not surprising that this would come from him.
While it's been well over two decades since I read it, LOTF engages in the artifice of separating out a handful of near-pre-adolescent boys, who don't seem to get along particularly well while stuck on an island after being shot down during a war.  (Presumably, WWII.)  It's hard to understand what kind of lesson we could learn from this, particularly since one person's opinion of what might happen should such an extraordinary and unlikely event occur can't be all that more significant or valuable than another.  Or, what if such an event actually happened, and the outcome was quite different?  What would that say about Golding's opinions?   Or, suppose a similar event occurred, but instead of a dozen boys it was a co-ed college's students, or a few geriatrics, or a family, or a few middle-aged women, or...what?    What, exactly, are we learning from one specific speculation that Golding happened to want to commit to paper?
Unfortunately (or, perhaps _fortunately_?) I don't think we're going to hear from Unicorn why he thinks one particular dime novel is any more revelational about human behavior than any other.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 09:57:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
At the risk of being a devil's advocate, let me suggest that you are conceding too much even with the preceding paragraph.  The 1st amendment says nothing about preventing speech  which (even admittedly) would result in "direct, immediate, and irreparable damage to our nation or its people."
Indeed, if you follow the news over the last 5-10 years, you see numerous examples of news items getting publicized (sometimes 30-40 years late) which might arguably have cause "irreparable damage."  That recent revelation about the POWs being left in Korea would have been one such example.  The intentional detonation of that H-bomb in 1954, knowing that prevailing winds would shower thousands of people with fallout was another.  The US military's experimentation with chemical weapons on our own people after WWII is another.  The fraud of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution is another.  The Pentagon Papers incident is another.  The Tuskeegee syphillis experiments on blacks which ended in 1972 was another.  The massive pollution at decomissioned military bases.  The Iran/Contra arms smuggling deals, along with the cocaine smuggling stories which are more recently being pursued, are yet another.
I could list many more, but won't because of lack of space.  But notice that, presumably, each and every one of these incidents was AT ONE TIME kept secret, arguably because it would be better for the country to do so.  Thus, presumably it was thought or at least asserted that to reveal them would cause "damage to our nation or its people."
The way you've written the paragraph I've quoted above, it appears that you are somehow acknowleding that there  are certain circumstances where certain types of speech are controllable because they are "harmful," but you fail to explain how even this constitutional restiction is tolerable.    Frankly, I don't see it!  What you need to do is to be far more specific about such speech and exactly where it can be controlled.
I should point out, also, that this is the second time I've mentioned this.  You're doing us a disservice if you concede too much in this area.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 11:45:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
But as usual, you ignore the obvious solution to the problem.  Let's suppose the amount of the fine is set at $1000 per day.  Actuarially, this works out to be the interest (at 5% per year) on $7.3 million dollars in principle.  In other words, if you can eliminate the fine for less than $7.3 million, you're better off doing it.
Naturally, you won't even consider the possibility of going outside the system to solve a problem.  The rest of us notice that there are probably thousands of terminally-ill people who would gladly act as a human kamikaze and get rid of any judge inclined to impose such a fine, for a payment of 1% of this principle amount to a family member or loved one, leaving 99% available for the few other judges foolish enough to basically commit suicide by taking up a futile gesture.
This kind of operation is best arranged by what might be described as an "insurance company," which will divide the risk among client companies until everyone learns what the score really is.   It wouldn't take long before no such fines are ever imposed.
But nah, this is much too complex for you.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 14:17:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: USA_exe 
This article is so wonderfully appropriate to the discussion that I can't resist re-posting it here.
I think the part about only discovering the problem in 1992 after 10 years is particularly precious.  In addition, I notice that a listing of the appropriate targets these army people were supposed to "neutralize" are listed as:
   The manual on "Terrorism and the Urban Guerrilla" says that
   "another function of the CI agents is recommending CI
   targets for neutralizing. The CI targets can include
   personalities, installations, organizations, documents and
   materials ... the personality targets prove to be valuable
   sources of intelligence. Some examples of these targets are
   governmental officials, political leaders, and members of
   the infrastructure."
full article posted below:
   The Washington Post, September 21, 1996, pp. A1, A9.
   Army Instructed Latins On Executions, Torture
      Manuals Used 1982-91, Pentagon Reveals
   By Dana Priest
   U.S. Army intelligence manuals used to train Latin American
   military officers at an Army school from 1982 to 1991
   advocated executions, torture, blackmail and other forms of
   coercion against insurgents, Pentagon documents released
   yesterday show.
   Used in courses at the U.S. Army's School of the Americas,
   the manual says that to recruit and control informants,
   counterintelliigence agents could use "fear, payment of
   bounties for enemy dead, beatings, false imprisonment,
   executions and the use of truth serum," according to a
   secret Defense Department summary of the manuals compiled
   during a 1992 investigation of the instructional material
   and also released yesterday.
   A summary of the investigation and four pages of brief,
   translated excerpts from the seven Spanish-language manuals
   were released last night by the Defense Department, which
   recently has taken to making controversial information
   available in the evenings, after the deadlines of the
   prime-time network television news programs.
   The Army School of the Americas, long located in Panama but
   moved in 1984 to Fort Benning, Ga, has trained nearly
   60,000 military and police officers from Latin America and
   the United States since 1946.
   Its graduates have included some of the region's most
   notorious human rights abusers, among them Roberto
   D'Aubuisson, the leader of El Salvador's right-wing death
   squads; 19 Salvadoran soldiers linked to the 1989
   assassination of six Jesuit priests; Gen. Manuel Antonio
   Noriega, the deposed Panamanian strongman; six Peruvian
   officers linked to killings of students and a professor;
   and Col. Julio Roberto Alpirez, a Guatemalan officer
   implicated in the death of an American innkeeper living in
   Guatemala and to the death of a leftist guerrilla married
   to an American lawyer.
   The Defense Department said the school's curriculum now
   includes mandatory human rights training and it is an
   effective way to help promote military professionalism in
   a region where that concept is still nascent.
   "The problem was discovered in 1992, properly reported and
   fixed," said Lt. Col. Arne Owens, a Pentagon spokesman.
   "There have been a lot of great changes at the School of
   the Americas."
   When reports of the 1992 investigation surfaced this year
   during a congressional inquiry into the CIA's activities in
   Guatemala, spokesmen for the school denied the manuals
   advocated such extreme methods of operation, which were in
   violation of Army policy and law at the time they were in
   use.
   The 1992 investigation concluded the inclusion of the
   methods was the result of bureaucratic oversight. "It is
   incredible that the use ... since 1982 ... evaded the
   established system of doctrinal controls," said the report
   of the investigation, conducted by the office of the
   assistant to the secretary of defense for intelligence
   oversight. "Nevertheless, we could find no evidence that
   this was a deliberate and orchestrated attempt to violate
   DoD or Army policies."
   The manuals were complied by Army intelligence officials
   using "outdated instructional material without the required
   doctrinal approval" from the Army Intelligence School, the
   investigation report said.
   The material was based, in part, on training instructions
   used in the 1960s by the Army's Foreign Intelligence
   Assistance Program, entitled "Project X." The 1992
   investigation also found the manual was distributed to
   thousands of military officers from 11 South and Central
   American countries, including Guatemala, El Salvador,
   Honduras and Panama, where the U.S. military was heavily
   involved in counterinsurgency.
   One manual, entitled "Handling of Sources," also "discloses
   classified [informant] methodology that could compromise
   Army clandestine intelligence modus operandi," the 1992
   investigation found. Another manual, entitled
   "Counterintelligence," contained "sensitive Army
   counterintelligence tactics, techniques and procedures."
   The Defense Department yesterday said the 1992
   investigators found two dozen objectionable passages among
   the 1,169 pages of instruction. For instance, the manual
   entitled "Handling of Sources" says, "The CI
   [counterintelligence] agent could cause the arrest of the
   employees [informants] parents, imprison the employee or
   give him a beating" to coerce cooperation.
   On several occasions it uses the words "neutralization" or
   "neutralizing," which was commonly used at the time as a
   euphemism for execution or destruction, a Pentagon official
   said.
   The manual on "Terrorism and the Urban Guerrilla" says that
   "another function of the CI agents is recommending CI
   targets for neutralizing. The CI targets can include
   personalities, installations, organizations, documents and
   materials ... the personality targets prove to be valuable
   sources of intelligence. Some examples of these targets are
   governmental officials, political leaders, and members of
   the infrastructure."
   The Defense Department continues to try to collect the
   manuals but, as the 1992 investigation noted, "due to
   incomplete records, retrieval of all copies is doubtful."
   Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy II (D-Mass.), an advocate of closing
   the school, said in a statement last night that the manuals
   "show what we have suspected all along, that taxpayers'
   money has been used for physical abuse." Kennedy said, "The
   School of the Americas, a Cold War relic, should be shut
   down."
   [End]
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-22 15:38:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
I can't think of what portion of the Constitution you're referring to.  But chances are, somebody else will see this reference and comment.
...and it's one of the most abused concepts there is.
kept Thus, Yes!  I, of course, agree with the latter interpretation as well.   It is precisely this distinction which, I believe, makes it so vital that lawsuits such as this Bernstein one NOT "concede" what doesn't need to be conceded.  All they should say is that even if there are secrets which the law should protect, they cannot include information known by civilians in peacetime.
certain to The few examples that exist, as you've selected them above, seem to be almost entirely based on military secrets in time of war.  It is not clear whether a non-security clearance civilian is restricted in any way, nor should he be.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-23 03:04:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: timmy waxes a widdle on AP 
That's generally correct.  The "they'll just hire replacements" argument is given by people who don't understand that under full operation of AP, THINGS WILL CHANGE!    And once things start changing, they will change very rapidly.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-23 03:25:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Kill 'em and let God sort it out, was Re: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
Don't assume that means anything definitive, however.  _SOME_ sane people are simply WRONG!  Indeed, I'm fond of pointing out that 95% of the things people say are wrong about AP are, themselves, wrong. (Even by the standards of people who'd agree with their general conclusion.)
Suppose I could convince you that an AP-dominated world would be, in general, far safer, better, more just, than the status quo.  At that point, would you STILL say "any sane person would reject" it?  Probably not.  I suggest, therefore, that your statement above is based on a misunderstanding of AP.  Other people, people who have thought about the matter far longer than you, agree with me.  Moreover, after discussing AP with as many people as I have, it's quite predictable that a person would come to a conclusion based on a false belief.
 However, if governemnts (especially ours) continue
Here's the big problem:  Let's suppose you think like this.  "Someday we _may_ have to rebel.  Not today."  Gradually, over time, the circumstances get worse.  However, as surprising as it may seem, we get used to the problems, and morever a new generation of people are born who've never seen freedom.  The line we draw in the sand today just appears to get further and further away.  We never cross it, and thus we never rebel, no matter how bad the circumstances get.
The most realistic position to take, I think, is to conclude that the line in the sand has ALREADY been crossed, long ago, and that it is high time to act.  The beauty of AP is that it will allow "little revolutions" to occur daily, until they are no longer needed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-23 03:38:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
You're thinking like a statist.  If Saddam's death leaves "a power vacuum," then simply kill the leadership of Iran, and any other nearby state with designs on the middle east.  Gee, whats the problem?  This "kill the leadership" system gets mighty addictive!  Where will it end? Which is why it isn't started in the first place.  The people who might start it are the ones with the most to lose if it spreads.  That's why Saddam is alive today.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-23 11:49:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
But they're not doing it.  They know about it, but they're NOT using it.  This should tell you something.    This really is no surprise to me; before I started publicizing AP, I tried to carefully consider whether letting the cat out of the bag was going to assist the government in stopping it.  My conclusion was that they didn't stand a chance.  If anything, they're afraid of publicizing the idea, because their opposition to it can look only Don't try to tar me with that brush.  I made it clear long ago that I'm opposed to truly random attacks on ordinary citizens.  However, I hasten to add that I'd very much prefer that these attacks be re-targeted against the people who deserve them.  However, I usually find that the people who make the biggest deal about disliking random citizen attacks are the ones who recommend replacing them with...nothing...and have no plan to solve the problems with any other method, violent or otherwise.  [doctrinaire BS deleted]
Somehow, I doubt it.  Anybody who thinks an AP-like system would be effective for bringing in his pet communist (or fascist, or monarchist, or anything other than pure-anarchic) government is an idiot.  AP is fundamentally anti-heirarchical in its leanings and effects.
Who said companies need "leaders"?  Remember, I said AP is anti-heirarchical.  Any heirarchies, particularly those forced on people, are strongly deterred.  This includes social and religious heirarchies, BTW.  Even corporate heirarchies would only exist if approved-of by the vast majority of the shareholders, most of whom will be the workers as well.
Under a set of circumstances similar to the status quo, that is not surprising.  But that can change.  That WILL change.  People occupy positions of authority when they feel, personally, they are better off doing so than not.  Give the average member of the public (not merely crazed "terrorists") the opportunity to remove those people, and you won't be able to keep them around.  I mean, presumably they do their job for a salary and benefits, right?  How many bombs or bullets will they tolerate, rather than resigning and taking a safer job?
If anything, I think the advantage of AP is that it REDUCES the amount of damage that any given person has to cause, per citizen, to achieve his anti-government political ends.  I've pointed out that it would only take a penny or two from each citizen, on average, to remove one of even the highest-level US officeholders.  Far less than that if you include resignations.  What I'm advocating is a system that makes it impossible for agents of the status quo to resist the opposition of the public, which is unlike the current system.  Rather than have to build a bomb, or wait for somebody else to do so, the ordinary citizen only needs to make a modest contribution to the "revolution fund."   And today, an officeholder can claim to resist "terrorism" based on the fact that he opposes the extreme action of a handful of people.  What happens when they have to admit that a million people paid for that gun to be fired or that bomb to be planted?
Don't blame me for them.
What, exactly, is the MEANING of "being opposed to government"?  If you pay taxes to support that government (even if that support is not voluntary) those taxes mean that you are indeed acting to strengthen that government and assist its efforts.  I suggest that you can't realistically claim "opposition to government" (other than rhetorical) under these circumstances.
You've already made it clear you don't consider yourself a libertarian.  Why go on with this stuff?
public mind I think the stereotypical "terrorist" doesn't really claim to "act in their [the public's] name."  The one recent counter-example that I've heard of, that of the EPR in Mexico, is a very welcome exception.  If anything, I think the governments of the world are truly frightened that "terrorism" as commonly practiced will change from the "blow up random airliner" mode, passing through the "blow up nearby government building" mode, to "find and kill a particular official" mode.  Far less collateral damage, far harder to whip up public opposition to in the press, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-23 16:53:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
Under the circumstances, I think it would be wise to actually EXPAND our protections.  A lot has happened in the last 25 years.  If a reasonably extensive list were made of situations and circumstances where the wool was pulled over the eyes of Americans by government...and how subsequent developments showed that these things were best revealed THEN and not later...it could be reasonably argued that there is no or almost no area where the "direct, immediate, and irreparable damage" exception is likely to realistically exist.
You should point out that the Pentagon Papers case was decided notwithstanding an extraordinarily generous set of assumptions common in Cold-War America about the power and authority of government, many if not most of which would be no longer considered valid.  Put the opposition on the spot:  Insist that they provide a substantial number of examples where speech was expected, was attempted to be restricted by gov't under such an exception, where that speech actually occurred (either by refusal of the court to intervene or by refusal of a party to the case to restrict his speech), and show how this actually caused any "direct, immediate, and irreparable damage."
In the absense of such examples, it is reasonable to presume that, generally, they don't exist or are so rare as to be ignorable.  (For example, in the Progressive case from the middle 70's, the gov't dropped its case.  What harm occurred?)
I am _not_ suggesting that case law be "ignored."  Rather, point out that the case law, even though it goes in your favor, was still decided in a thoroughly biased atmosphere and therefore further reductions in government authority are appropriate.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:06:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: USA_exe 
I don't suppose we need ask the question about whether such manuals were classified to keep their contents away from the enemy...or the American people.   Ooops, same thing I guess.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-24 15:46:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
And he, along with others, failed to solve the problems as well.  Is this progress?
For the record, if an AP-type system were to operate it would:
1.  Make it impossible for the British to continue to station troops in Northern Ireland, an eventuality that I suppose Phill resists.
However, it would also:
2.  Make it impossible and unnecessary for the British to have any troops anywhere, because it would eliminate  its government and military.  It would no longer be a country, merely an island with people living there.
3.  Make it unnecessary in Northern Ireland to protect the Catholics from the Protestants, or the Protestants from the Catholics,  because the trouble-makers from both (all?) sides would be quickly erased from the scene.  Nobody would rule anybody. Nobody COULD rule anybody.  All factions would either be peaceful or dead, their choice.  No political advantage could be gained by violence, because all politics would have ceased.
4.  Make it unnecessary and pointless for Northern Ireland to re-unify with Ireland, because likewise the government and military of Ireland would dissolve, as well as all political structure in that land as well.
In short, the only reasons that the current problems are maintained in Northern Ireland and Britain would be eliminated by the advent of AP.
So who is the "kook," really?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-24 17:21:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: crypto anarchy vs AP 
I think you're under a mis-impression here.  At least in the libertarian circles where I do most of my political discussion, it is generally suspected that corporations grow large and powerful primarily BECAUSE OF assistance by and due to the policies of government.  (heavy regulation favors large companies by keeping down small competitors, etc)  Of course, that cause/effect relationship is intentionally hidden, and most of the public sees the show put on which appears to have the opposite effect:  Anti-trust lawsuits, etc.  Over time, the public is gulled into the false belief that if you get rid of the government, you get rid of the "only think that stands between us and the multi-national corporations."  They believe this because the only government actions they see and recognize are anti-corporation.  If they were aware of the truth, they'd realize that these large corporations are actually afraid of a free market, and that the companies consider big government to be their friends..
Just look at an excellent example:  Intel versus IBM.  Intel used to be this tiny upstart chip company from the Bay area and IBM was smokestack America.  Now, Intel is the biggest (by dollar volume, anyway) chip company in the world and IBM is, well, considerably cut back from its heyday.  At least in hindsight, IBM would have been "smart" to squash Intel, or buy it up, or have the government over-regulate it.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-24 17:34:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP  [NOISE] 
Quite the contrary.  I want to reduce, as much as possible, the ability of people to impose their will on others by force.  Read my essay.  Eventually you might figure it out.  The difference is, I recognize that if you set up a government to try to minimize non-government violence and coercion, you'll get just that:  A minimization of NON-GOVERNMENT violence and coercion, at the expense of vastly increasing the GOVERNMENT kind.  And I don't consider that progress at all.
I suppose it didn't occur to you that this is EXACTLY why this dispute has gone on so long?  What if instead of being "unsuccessful," these attempts suddenly became 100% successful.  Easy, even.  Just push a button and the top guy on the other side dies.  And you could do this as often as, say, once an hour, with all of his replacements.  And the other side can do the same to your leadership.  How long do you think it would be before people decide that maybe, they DON'T want to "step up to the plate" and get killed for the sake of their cause?
Which means that you clearly don't understand the motivating factor of a large, totally anonymous e-cash payment.  And why should a handful of "terrorists" be successful?  The "AP gang" will consist of 5 BILLION people who want to collect the reward, including anyone close to the target.  It'll put an entirely new, ominous meaning into the phrase, "Friends and Family"!    B^)
Hell, the whole reason for this dispute is heirarchical social systems, in this case governments and religions!  And adding the European Union merely increases the problem by adding to the heirarchy.  My solution eliminates the heirarchy, totally.  Why, then, should EU's failure imply a failure by AP?  It's the diametrically opposite tactic.
No, it's probably because they think, nervously, that I might just be right.  Even that won't necessarily want to make them want to associate their names with my ideas.  If they truly understand them, they'll recognize that it'll happen regardless of the amount of approval it gets from polite society. A doubt whether most people feel themselves obligated to repudiate a proposal, particularly if they don't know that it won't constitute an improvement over the status quo.  On the other hand, if the world engineers a good, permanent solution to the Northern Ireland problem in the next six months, as well as the Middle East problem, the India/Pakistan problem, the Chechnya problem, the North/South Korea problem and a few other heretofore intractable problems, you can start feeling confident that my "extreme" solution will be avoidable.  Until then, don't get your hopes up.
Time will be the best judge of this, I think.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-25 16:31:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SAY WHAT? [Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write!] 
You're wrong on at least three counts:  I absolutely do claim to be a libertarian, for one.  Secondly, while I advocate a system which I call AP, I do not "advocate" the MISUSE of that system for the act of attacking people who have no initiated force or fraud.  On the other hand, to be intellectually honest I can't exclude the possibility that this will happen, any more than a libertarian who advocates a free society  deny that somebody might abuse the freedoms of that society by initiating force.  There is no contradiction here, except in the mind of a person who believes that people can't be given any freedoms it is possible for them to misuse. It's clear you haven't read AP part 7.  Here it is; maybe you'll learn something from it.
1.  I defend AP from a classical liberal/libertarian position.
2.  I don't advocate arbitrary applications of violence and coercion without restriction.
3.  I only _advocate_ responding to force/fraud with force.
"Assassination Politics" Part 7, by Jim Bell
Dear libertarian Friend,
I very much understand the concerns you voiced about my idea which I call, "Assassination Politics," because this essay is nothing if it is not radical and extreme.  I wrote it, in the middle of last year, partly because I think libertarianism and libertarians in particular need to address what is, if not a "contradiction," is at least an intolerable reality:  On the one hand, we are told not to initiate agression, but on the other we are agressed against by the government every time it collects a tax.  I much appreciate the way some people I know have "dropped out" of the system, and the guts that such a tactic requires.  But that's the problem, I think:  Only those with the "guts" do it, which gives the government fewer targets so that it can spend more time attacking the few who oppose it.  The reality is that the government STILL collects taxes, and it STILL uses that money to violate our rights.  We all know that's wrong.
My position is quite simple:  If tax collection constitutes agression, then anyone doing it or assisting in the effort or benefitting from the proceeds thereof is a criminal.  This is quite analogous to current law which prosecutes co-conspirators.  While I am not holding out "current law" as some sort of gold-standard of reasonableness that we must always accept, on the other hand I think it's plausible to use it to show that once we have come to the conclusion that taxation is theft, the prescription follows directly by a form of reasoning allegedly acceptable to society: It is reasonable to "attack the attackers" and their co-conspirators, and everyone who is employed by the government is thus a co-conspirator, even if he is not directly involved in the collection of those taxes.  That's because he IS involved in _benefitting_ from the proceeds of these taxes, and he presumably provides a certain level of "backup" to the young thugs that governmental organizations often hire.
I realize, and you should too, that the "non-agression principle" says nothing about the EXTENT of the self-defense/retaliation that one might reasonably employ in defending one's own rights:  In a sense, that sounds like an omission because it at least suggests that a person might "unreasonably" defend himself with lethal force when far less drastic means might normally be called for.  For what it's worth, I think most people will behave responsibly.   But I think it is pretty straightforward to argue that whatever means are necessary to stop the attack, are reasonable given the terms of the non-agression principle:  If a given means are known to be inadequate to actually stop the attack, then further and more serious means are reasonable and called-for.
To set up a reasonable analogy, if I'm walking down the canonical "dark alley" and am accosted by a man wielding a knife threatening me with it, it is presumably reasonable for me to pull a gun and threaten back, or possibly take the encounter to the final conclusion of gunfire.  Even if I should choose to hold my fire and test to determine whether my actions deterred him, I can't see that this possibility binds me morally.  And should he advance, despite the gun, as if to attack, I should feel no remorse in shooting him and taking myself out of danger.  If you accept the premises so far, you apparently accept the principle that escalation of the self-defense/retaliation is reasonable as long as if the current level of returned counter-threat is inadequate to stop the agression initiated by the other party.  To believe otherwise is to believe that ultimately,  you are obligated to accept a certain high level of agression simply because you do not have the resources (yet) to resist it.  I totally reject this concept, as I hope you would.
So if, hypothetically, I could have an anonymous conversation with a hard-nosed government employee, and asked him, "If I killed one of your agents, would you stop trying to collect that tax from me," his predictable reaction would be, "no, we would continue to try to collect that tax."  In fact, he would probably hasten to add that he would try to have me prosecuted for murder, as well!  If I were to ask if killing ten agents would stop them, again they would presumably say that this would not change their actions.
The conclusion is, to me, obvious:  Clearly, there is no practical limit to the amount of self-defense that I would need to protect my assets from the government tax collector, and to actually stop the theft, so I suggest that logic requires that I be morally and ethically allowed (under libertarian principles) to use whatever level of self-defense I choose.
You raised another objection, that quite frankly I believe is invalid.  I believe you implied that until a specific level of escalation is reached ( such as the Feds showing up on your doorstep, etc) then it is not legitimate to defend oneself.  Delicately, I must disagree.  As we all well know, government ultimately operates primarily not on actual, applied force, but simply the threat of future force if you do not comply.  True, there are people who have decided to call the government's bluff and simply drop out, but the reality is that this is not practical for most individuals today. This is no accident:  The government makes it difficult to drop out, because they extort the cooperation of banks and potential employers and others with which you would otherwise be able to freely contract.   In any case, I fail to see how not "dropping out" makes one somehow morally obligated to pay a tax (or tolerate the collection of one).   I trust you did not inadvertently mean to suggest this.
The reason, morally, we are entitled to shoot the mugger if he waves the knife in our face is that he has threatened us with harm, in this case to our lives, but the threat the government represents to the average citizen (loss of one's entire assets) is just as real, albeit somewhat different.  Since government is a past reality, and a present reality, and has the immediate prospects of being a future reality as well, I sincerely believe that the average citizen can legitimately consider himself CONTINUOUSLY threatened.  The agression has already occurred, in continuously occurring, and has every prospect of continuing to occur.  If anything would justify fighting back, this would.
To continue the analogy, if you've been repeatedly mugged by the same guy down the same dark alley for each day of last month, that DOES NOT mean that you've somehow consented to the situation, or that your rights to your assets have somehow been waived.  With my "Assassination Politics" essay, I simply proposed tht we (as libertarians as well as being ordinary citizens) begin to treat agression by government as being essentially equivalent to agression by muggers, rapists, robbers, and murderers, and view their acts as a continuing series of agressions.  Seen this way, it should not be necessary to wait for their NEXT agression; they will have always have been agressing and they will always BE agressing, again and again, until they are stopped for good.
At that point, the question shifted to one of practicality:  Sure, theoretically we might morally have the "right" to protect ourselves with lethal force, but if they have any reputation at all, government agents have a habit of showing up in large numbers when they actually apply direct force.  To take a position that you can only defend yourself when _they've_  chosen the "where" and "when" of the confrontration is downright suicidal, and I hope you understand that I would consider any such restriction to be highly unfair and totally impractical.  Understand, too, that the reason we're still stuck under the thumb of the government is that to the extent it's true, "we've" been playing by THEIR rules, not by our own.  By our own rules, THEY are the agressors and we should be able to treat them accordingly, on our own terms, at our own convenience, whenever we choose, especially when we feel the odds are on our side.
I understand, obviously, that the "no initiation of agression" principle is still valid, but please recognize that I simply don't consider it to be a valid counter-argument to "Assassination Politics," at least as applied to targets who happen to be government agents.  They've "pre-agressed," and I don't see any limit to the defenses I should be able to muster to stop that agression completely and permanently.  Not that I don't see a difference between different levels of guilt:  I fully recognize that some of them are far worse than others, and I would certainly not treat a lowly Forest Service grunt in the same fashion as an ATF sniper.
Now, there is one more thing that I would hope we could get straight:  As I originally "invented" this system, it occurred to me that there could be certain arguments that it needed to be "regulated" somehow;  "unworthy" targets shouldn't be killed, etc.  The "problem" is, what I've "invented" may (as I now believe it to be) actually a "discovery," in a sense:  I now believe this kind of system was always inevitable, merely waiting for the triad of the Internet, digital cash, and good encryption in order to provide the technical underpinnings for the entire system.  If that is genuinely the case, then there is no real way to control it, except by free-market principles.  It would be impossible, for example, to set up some sort of "Assassination Politics Dictator," who decides who will live and who will die, because competition in the system will always rise to supply every demand, albeit at possibly a very high price.  And if you believe the maxim that "absolute power corrupts absolutely," you wouldn't want to accept any form of centralized control (even, perhaps, that of your own!), because any such control would eventually be corrupted.  Most rational people recognize this, and I do too.  I would not have invented a system where "Jim Bell" gets to make "all the decisions."  Quite the contrary, the system I've described absolutely prevents such centralization.  That, quite frankly, is the novelty and dare I say it, the beauty of this idea.  I believe that it simply cannot be hijacked by centralized political control.
As I pointed out in the essay, if _I_ were running one of the organizations accepting those donations and offering those prizes, I would selectively list only those targets who I am genuinely satisfied are guilty of the violation of the "non-agression principle."  But as a practical matter, there is no way that I could stop a DIFFERENT organization from being set up and operating under DIFFERENT moral and ethical principles, especially if it operated anonymously, as I antipate the "Assassination Politics"-type  systems will be.   Thus, I'm forced to accept the reality that I can't dictate a "strongly limited" system that would "guarantee" no "unjustified" deaths:  I can merely control my little piece of the earth and not assist in the abuse of others.  I genuinely believe, however, that the operation of this system would be a vast improvement over the status quo.
This, I argue, is somewhat analogous to an argument that we should be entitled to own firearms, despite the fact that SOME people will use them wrongly/immorally/illegally.  The ownership is a right even though it may ultimately allow or enable an abuse that you consider wrong and punishable.  I consider the truth of such an argument to be obvious and correct, and I know you would too.
I realize that this lacks the crisp certitude of safety which would be reassuring to the average, "pre-libertarian" individual.  But you are not the "average individual" and I trust that as long-time libertarians  you will recognize rights must exist even given the hypothetical possibility that somebody may eventually abuse them. I do not know whether I "invented" or "discovered" this system; perhaps it's a little of both. I do genuinely believe that this system, or one like it, is as close to being technologically inevitable as was the invention of firearms once the material we now know as "gunpowder" was invented.  I think it's on the way, regardless of what we do to stop it.  Perhaps more than anyone else on the face of this planet, this notion has filled me, sequentially and then simultaneously, with awe, astonishment, joy, terror, and finally, relief.
Awe, that a system could be produced by a handful of people that would rid the world of the scourge of war, nuclear weapons, governments, and taxes.  Astonishment, at my realization that once started, it would cover the entire globe inexorably, erasing dictatorships both fascistic and communistic, monarchies, and even so-called "democracies," which as a general rule today are really just the facade of government by the special interests.  Joy, that it would eliminate all war, and force the dismantling not only of all nuclear weapons, but also all militaries, making them not merely redundant but also considered universally dangerous, leaving their "owners" no choice but to dismantle them, and in fact no reason to KEEP them!
Terror, too, because this system may just change almost EVERYTHING how we think about our current society, and even more for myself personally, the knowledge that there may some day be a large body of wealthy people who are thrown off their current positions of control of the world's governments, and the very-real possibility that they may look for a "villain" to blame for their downfall.  They will find one, in me, and at that time they will have the money and (thanks to me, at least partially) the means to see their revenge.  But I would not have published this essay if I had been unwilling to accept the risk.
Finally, relief.  Maybe I'm a bit premature to say it, but I'm satisfied we _will_ be free.  I'm convinced there is no alternative.  It may feel like a roller-coaster ride on the way there, but as of today I think our destination is certain.  Please understand, we _will_ be free.
Your libertarian friend,
Jim Bell
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-25 19:53:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
I don't doubt that there will be harassment.  (you can't deny that charges would be brought even if it is tacitly agreed that no crime has been committed; "the harassment-value" of such a prosecution would be desired even if there is ultimately an acquittal.)  AP will resemble, more than anything, gambling.  While gambling is illegal in some areas, it is quite legal in others and there is no reason to believe that locales can't be found in which an AP system could operate legally.
Make American laws apply everywhere?  That'll be hard to justify, unless you want to unleash a world where an all people can be subject simultaneously to the laws of EVERY country, should they choose to enforce them!  Would you like to be arrested in Red China for something you said years earlier in America about their leadership?  And are you ignoring the fact that the intentional isolation of one participant from the knowledge of the actions and even the identity of the others makes opportunities for prosecution on "conspiracy" charges mighty slim.  And since AP can operate across traditional jurisdictional boundaries, you're going to have to explain how you can prosecute Person A in Country B for giving a donation to an organization in Country C, to be paid to a person D in country E for correctly predicting the death of person F in country G, particularly when none of the identities of these people or countries can be easily known given a well-crafted cryptographic and message-routing system.    Further, as you probably know as well as any, in order (at least, supposedly!) to get a conviction you need to prove "mens rea," or "guilty mind," and I suggest that none of the more passive participants in the AP system have that.  (The ones who DON'T pick up a gun, knife, bomb, poison, etc.)  Sure, they are aware that somewhere, sometime, somebody _may_ commit a crime in order to collect a lottery, but they don't know who, what, when, where, or how this will occur, if at all. (either before or after the fact!)   In fact, since it is possible for a target to collect the reward himself (to be directed toward his designee, obviously) by committing suicide and "predicting" it, it isn't certain to the other participants that there has even been any sort of crime committed!
Based on the mens rea requirement, I propose that there is plenty of room for most of the participants to reasonably claim that they are guilty of no crime.  They have carefully shielded themselves and others from any guilty knowledge, and presumably they are entitled to protect themselves in this way.  Morally, you could argue that these people are countenancing something nasty, in the same sense that somebody could equally well argue that if you buy a cheap shirt in Walmart you're partly responsible for sweatshop labor in El Salvador.  True, I suppose, but moral guilt does not always translate into legal guilt.
I suggest that there is a greater likelihood that the "powers that be" will just abandon all pretense of legality, and attempt to strike at the participants if they can find them without benefit of any sort of trial. This is a more plausible conclusion, because it cuts through all of the legal difficulties which would hinder prosecution.  In effect, a low-level undeclared war.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-26 08:12:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: SAY WHAT? [Assassination NOISE] 
Funny that Simon didn't see that...
That's a too-superficial interpretation.  If AP were operating, it would be unnecessary to "get the country into misguided but popular wars" because anybody who wanted to war with some external enemy need merely kill him via AP, by individual donation.  There would be no legislature to make the war decision, and no need for any such decision.  War as we have known it (a collective decision that is binding on all citizens, whether or not they approve) would simply not exist.   There would be no mechanism to force other people into a war on your side, other than rhetorical arguments.   Attempting to do so by force would merely make more enemies.  As for "judges who have refused to convict innocent but wrong-colored defendants"?  I think that's an unfair and misleading "problem."  Much of the problem of bias and discrimination in this country is caused by the fact that these factors have been institutionalized BY GOVERNMENT.  Trace it back just a little, and you'll discover that the "innocent but wrong-colored defendants" were arrested and charged BY GOVERNMENT in a display of bias.  At best, that courageous judge is merely ceasing, in one particular incident and too late, an episode of bias which shouldn't even have been started in the first place.  Is this "good"?  Not really. It's just "not quite as bad."   There's still the underlying problem which will repeat ad infinitum.  Why depend on a judge to do this?  Why not fix the bias before the defendant gets to court?
I look at it this way:  Why shouldn't the black community (and any outraged whites, as well...) have been able to purchase the deaths of all of the LAPD officers who beat Rodney King, INCLUDING the ones who stood around and watched it happen?  I claim that in a society where they could do this, such a beating simply would never have happened, because no cop would have dared to take the risk that a camera would be nearby.  In other words, the problem would have been solved before it started. The quickest response to this is that "pretty soon, you won't have any more cops."  But no, that's not true.  It _is_ true that the thugs will no longer want to become/stay as cops, so that'll be a loss for the good.  More likely, cops will simply stop doing those things that will end up offending a substantial fraction of the population, like beating a carload illegal immigrants that they have stopped after a car chase.   The de-facto drug war won't end instantly after the adoption of AP, but it will be pretty quick.  Instead of today, when every citizen is forced through taxation to support the Drug War, this will probably drop to 25% voluntary contributions or less post AP.  It's pretty hard to get enthused about a victimless crime, and likewise it's hard to enforce such rules, so people's donations won't match the pre-AP funding.  Classic drug-warriors won't dare spread any of their propaganda; people's memories will still be fresh on the pre-AP abuses, so the Bennetts and the Rangels will either be silent or dead, or effusive with apology for their prior behavior.
Further, the dramatic drop in the prices of currently-illegal drugs will translate into a similarly large drop in crimes to pay for those drugs, an improvement that everybody will notice.  "Your bet has been duly recorded, sir."  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-26 12:30:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
That's about it.  I long ago noticed the similarity between AP and the fictional Gort.  Problem is, Gort would have to be programmed. How would you write such a program?  Governments would want their hand in it.  They'd insist on "government exceptions" to rules, like:   "All violence is forbiddden!  (except for violence by duly authorized government employees!)"
Not very practical.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-26 15:45:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Mitsubishi MISTY LSI 
There's not nearly enough information provided to know for sure.  However, I'd think that any company which went to the trouble to build such a chip (custom, 0.5 micron process, etc) would go to the little extra effort to verify the algorithm is secure.
Generally, hardware is held to a higher standard because the difficulty of repair is higher:  Usually, you have to replace a chip.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-27 04:50:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
I think you totally missed Jean-Francois' point:  Turn your last statement around, and that's how _I_ look at the operation of governments:  "Government supporters shouldn't complain about especially draconian measures taken against them by AP, given their modus operandi."
I for one would welcome a debate on just such an issue.  Remember, to justify the status quo you need to defend not only the comparatively-free governments of a handful of western nations, but in fact each and every government on the face of the earth.
Don't think you can just say, "This government is sorta okay," because what I am proposing fixes all the other governments on earth.  You can't support the maintenance of an oppressive system most everywhere else, simply because (arguendo) they "sorta" got it right, here.  (And I'd argue against that last claim!)
Besides, I've long ago given up the idea that the leadership of the US will really, truly attempt to promote freedom around the world.  No, they won't.  They will continue to support the thugs.  The problem they have with overthrowing the thugs is that "what goes around comes around," and they're well aware that they're gonna get kicked off their throne once the precedent is set with a few dozen foreign governments getting replaced.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-27 07:32:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
Uh, okay, I didn't mean to suggest that attacks would be entirely eliminated.  (The term "deterred" really needed to be quantified there, even for a native English speaker.)
But my main point was that (as evidenced by Brian Davis' unwillingness to acknowledge that the people who run the system will engage in illegality to stop AP) there is a certain hesitancy on the part of the "ruling class" to abandon at least the facade of legality that they often promote.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-27 13:32:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
While we should continue resist such developments, I (like many others) tend to believe that the government is going to have a great deal of difficulty implementing such restrictions, for reasons which have been discussed here ad nauseum.  I happen to believe that the really crucial reason Clipper was proposed is so that it would exclude non-escrowed encryption using market forces, because they understood that banning encryption or non-escrowed encryption would be essentially impossible.
Remember the VHS/Beta VCR wars?  With a fairly equal market in about 1978, Beta died 10 years later because the market couldn't support two incompatible standards.  It wasn't that one was dramatically better than the other, it was simply that having two standards forced the market to duplicate stocks, for the machines as well as tapes, particularly pre-recorded tapes.  Notice, however, that VCR's are relatively "isolated":  It doesn't really matter if you have one format and your neighbor has another, unless you want to swap tapes.  But crypto telephones inherently require (in the long term) full intercompability.  If you didn't have that, there'd be half a world of people you couldn't call!
(This kind of situation is remeniscent of a recollection my mother has of a small town she grew up in, in which there were two competing telephone companies serving the same area, but customers of company "A" couldn't call company "B."  The most popular girl in town was the daughter of a doctor, who as a consequence of his profession had telephones from both companies.  That girl was constantly being called to relay information between people on opposite telephone companies!)
The government understood this, and realized that the best way to derail the advent of a good crypto telephone standard was to produce one of their own, which they figured would pre-empt and kill off any competing system.  It turns out that an essential element to this killing-off process  is to ensure that the telephones aren't compatible, so I was a bit surprised to have to wait a long time to hear that one of the requirements for Clipper-phone approval is that they NOT co-operate with non-escrowed telephones.  (I was surprised to have to WAIT to hear this, NOT that they said it eventually...)
I think they realize that Clipper was their last opportunity to implement a de-facto market ban on good encryption, but it isn't working.  As for a ban on anonymity I don't think that'll fly either.  There are too many interactions we do today (off the 'net as well as on) which are already anonymous, even if we don't normally think of it that way.  Visit a theater, pay cash, and nobody records your name, for instance.   Buy groceries, pay cash.  Throw coins in toll booth.  Put coins in Coke machine, ride on bus, etc.   It would be very hard to prohibit non-anonymous interactions on the net, with so many opportunities for unrestricted anonymity.  There's even less reason to ID non-economic transactions too.  Since most interactions on the 'net are not a financial transaction, there is even less reason to identify the people So at the risk of being overly optimistic, I think the government isn't going to be able to pull off the kind of anti-crypto/anti-anonymity coup you describe.   But nevertheless, I think that if they "progress" towards that goal against the odds, that could easily be an excellent justification for actions which you know they'll describe as "terrorism."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-27 14:49:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
Exactly correct.  The current system is intended to present the illusion that it is the product of the voters, where it is really defined by the political establishment.
Bill Stewart pointed out (correctly) that what I'm proposing is "mechanism without a built-in policy."  While this may appear to be a bit reckless, the reason I'm confident it will work is that the status quo has a _throughly_corrupt_ policy, a policy which is actively hostile to the interests and rights of the average citizen.  Replacing that system with one that is merely neutral is a great improvement, particularly if there is no way for that policy to be hijacked by a tiny minority of the public.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-27 15:01:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: AP Protocol Failures [NOISE] 
I had intended to respond to Bill Stewart's comment before this.  I was surprised that he would suggest that AP would (necessarily?) cause "more violence."  To me, it's obvious that it will cause _different_ violence, and I strongly suspect it'll actually reduce the total violence level, and certainly will do so in the long term.  But far more than reducing violence, it'll reduce coercion that doesn't rise to the level of violence as well.  When people AREN'T put in jail or prison for a victimless crime, I consider that a drastic reduction in coercion, and that's progress.  Put fewer people in jail, and you anger fewer people, and you rob fewer people by taxation to pay for that jail, etc.
Not only that, you could use AP to kill somebody who killed SOMEBODY ELSE with AP!  (which is, to me, a rather obvious fact, but one that escapes an unusually large number of people.  'course, you'd have to figure out who did it... a non-trivial task under the circumstances.)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-28 09:41:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Internet plug pulled on Colombia's guerrillas 
I couldn't resist smiling when I read this.  Not that I want their access cut; quite the opposite.  But it is REALLY reassuring to see the authorities behave in exactly the fashion you expect them to!  Attempting to cut off dissenting political voices IRL is de rigeur; now, this shows that they believe "threat" to the government posed by allowing others to voice contrary opinions on the 'net is real.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-29 03:53:56
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: crypto anarchy vs AP 
Yes, that "they'll cut off the Internet!" talk doesn't seem to be very practical.  Society very quickly develops dependency on inventions.  Try to take away their computers and they'd scream; take away their telephone and it'd be worse!  Give Internet another couple of years and 50% of big business would be severely impacted should it be cut off.  Wait five years and the world would practically stop rotating without Internet.
On a related issue, GPS (global-positioning system) contains a de-accurizing mis-feature called S/A, which adds a little error to the location as detected by a receiver.  Ostensibly, it was added so that this could be turned on in wartime, to deny the enemy the ability to make 10-meter fixes.  Turns out that it was kept on all the time, probably because if it WASN'T it would become politically impossible to de-accurize the system even in wartime.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-29 17:15:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Technical difficulties with AP [AP NOISE] 
OTOH, if it's going to work, the earlier you're satisfied about that the better, huh?
All of whom could play multiple roles in difference circumstances, incidentally, at different times.  The public should be particularly interested in this process, BTW, because they realize that someday they may want to participate as donors, bettors, or they may have no choice but to participate as...victims.
There are a number of advantages to the gambling scenario.  The first, obviously, is that it is, technically, gambling, and gambling is legal in many locales and "accepted" (morally) in most.  The second is that being gambling, no participant other than an assassin knows, for sure, that the person collecting the payoff is actually guilty of any crime.  A third is that to many people, gambling is fun, which means that they are already primed to partipate.
The way I've envisioned it, the bettor must commit to his prediction, but he then encrypts it so that nobody else knows what he's predicted, either the date or the target, and he must "buy" his prediction by including digital cash.  One advantage of this system is that the victim isn't warned (although the victim is already aware of how much money has been donated to fund the prize), but a potential disadvantage is that there might be a collision between the predictions of two or more people.  This probably can't be entirely avoided, but it can be minimized by forcing the bettors to compete with their bets.  It is impractical for a person who just guesses to make such a bet, against somebody who knows the date.
The bettor doesn't reveal the decrypt key to the particular prediction involved unless he chooses to do so; when he does presumably, it's because the prediction has come true.  A failed prediction isn't disclosed, so it doesn't alert anyone else, including the  "escrow agent" AP organization.   The amount of digital cash included with the prediction will be revealed publicly, the moment it is received by the organization, as well as the (still encrypted) prediction.  Saving these predictions allows anyone to verify (after the decrypt key has been released) that the prediction actually identified a particular person.  This allows the public and the other players to verify that the game is being played honestly.
This, of course, is only true if the specifics of the predictions are revealed, which is not the scenario I envision.  Obviously, revealing the predictions allows the victim to lay low whever he's likely to be hit, which is why I think that's a bad idea.
It is at least conceivable that an assassin won't know the exact date he'll be successful.  If he sends a letter-bomb, for instance, he won't know for sure when that letter will be delivered, or the day it will be opened.  However, he need merely make two or three predictions, and he won't have to make the last one or two unless the prediction didn't come true on the first day.  Multiple predictions does raise his cost, but it will still be economical to do given the probabilities.
Originally, I had anticipated that the AP organization would require specific payments included with a prediction based on the value of the reward and the estimated probability of the death on any particular day.  I was never comfortable with this system, because it would involve a great deal of calculation based on numbers that no particular people know.  I don't know whether you saw my idea a couple weeks ago in which I pointed out that it should merely be necessary to allow all predictors to include whatever amount of money they want with their prediction, with the reward split up and paid to all successful predictors, pro-rated based on the size of their contribution.  This shifts the burden to the public to estimate the amount they should include, which should be okay since a predictor is probably a fairly good judge of the probabilities associated with his target.
At least hypothetically, it means that an assassin might have a portion of his reward "stolen" by another lucky  predictor, but this is unlikely and in any case, the fact that this loss was genuine can be verified by all participates after the fact.  And a predictor need merely increase the value included with the prediction to increase his pro-rata share of the reward.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-30 03:05:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: crypto anarchy vs AP 
Yes, because of lack of enough S/A-capable military receivers... They were stuck with using the commercial, off-the-shelf kind.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-30 05:25:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Petaflops Boondoggle Computer (was PET_ard) 
Uh, wasn't that the name of the bald captain on Star Trek Next Generation?  You know, "Jean-Luc Petard"?
Check out an article in about the September issue of Scientific American, 1966, on the subject of the Illiac IV, which was one of the first attempts at a multiprocessor machine.  Originally it was conceived as a 256-processor unit, at 4 million (floating point?) operations per second per processor which would have been 1 giga ops per second, but it was eventually built as a 64-processor unit and turned on in about 1972 or so.  The succeeding factor-of-1000 improvement appears (if the item above is accurate) to have taken  24 years to accomplish, so it's hard to imagine that the next factor of 1000 will arrive appreciably sooner than year 2020.
Oddly enough, however, we're getting somewhat of an echo of the "big single processor" phenomenon with the micros.  We all know that in supercomputers, multiprocessors won out over single processors, and mainframes were just about defeated by microcomputers. Yet a look at Intel's pricing for Pentiums shows that they sell a 120-MHz chip for about $135, while they sell a 200-megahertz version for around $550 or so.   Arithmetic suggests that a person would be far better off with a 4-120-MHz-processor Pentium (cumulative clock rate 480 MHz) than a single, 200-megahertz version.  (admittedly, peripheral logic costs will adjust this a little.)   Of course, this would also leave Intel flat on its ass attempting to compete with AMD, Cyrix, etc, because a somewhat higher speed per cpu is just about the only advantage they have.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-30 05:35:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: GPS and other Dual-use technologies 
The data standard for differential corrections is called "RTCM-104", and it's the signal you input into differential-capable GPS receivers.  Boxes to generate RTCM-104 are probably relatively cheap, primarily needing a multi-channel GPS receiver and another processor for coding.  Differential corrections can, of course, be transmitted on any frequency you'd like, including frequency-hopping if you're really concerned about intercept.  (which you won't be...)
Incidentally, GPS receivers are getting REALLY small these days, particularly for just the module-level products.  A size like about 1 inch by 2-inches is pretty close to state-of-the-art.  Power consumption is about 3/4 watt.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-09-30 10:40:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Petaflops Boondoggle Computer (was PET_ard) 
I forgot the smiley  B^)
(Actually, it was a factor of 4000 since it was only 64 processors, but who's counting?)
Anyway, this reminds me:  What was Moore's law?  Performance doubling every 18 months as I recall?  How does this stack up?  Well, 24 years is 16 times 18 months, so the increase in performance should have been 2**16, or 64K.   Off by a factor of 16, which is fairly close, as exponential expansions go.  If I were inclined to make the numbers fit the theory, I would argue that the design for the Illiac IV was probably based on SSI IC technology that was defined in 1966 or so, which would provide the extra 6 years (four doubling periods) which account for the "error."  One of the advantages of modern CAD technology is that chips can go from foundry to a working computer far faster.
A few months ago, there was an item about how IBM had demonstrated its ability to produce 0.08 um silicon chips, with a gate delay (don't recall how loaded this was...) of about 24 picoseconds.  Such a process could probably be used to produce a single chip that can do about 1 giga operations per second, assuming it was pipelined adequately.  But even that's "only" a teraflop with 1000 such chips...It makes me wonder what kind of a rabbit they're gonna pull out of the hat to produce a petaflop.
I think it was turned off in about 1982 or 1983.  I did a web-search on its history a few months ago.
True, but the world would be FAR better off if the architecture for the commonly-used PC could be extended to allow multiple processors.  Yes, I'm aware of the inefficiency issues associated with multiple processors, but I think the dramatic cost reductions associated with the use of larger numbers of cheaper CPU's would much more than compensate for them.
As I see it, there are inefficiencies associated with both making a single CPU do multiple tasks, as well as making multiple CPU's do a single task.  The former is one of the reasons that PC's have pretty much mopped the floor with mainframes, because the PC's were not "unfairly" hobbled with having to implement complicated time-sharing software.  The latter is the classic problem which kept prople from going to massively parallel machines from scalars.  However, I don't think that most of the problems a typical PC accomplishes are those "hard to divide" problems that resist parallel implementation.  Rather, a multiprocessor PC would assign larger tasks (programs) to individual CPU's and not try to break up a program.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-01 13:27:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Internet plug pulled on Colombia's guerrillas 
For now, it is!
Yes, if anything we should want these people to be able to communicate whenever they want.  It would probably deter inappropriate violence, and further it would put pressure on the government to fix whatever problems legitimately need fixing.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-01 13:38:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: active practice in America 
As usual, I have a solution to this problem!   (AP, for the relatively unitiated out there.)
If people really believe OJ is guilty, just pool your shekels and see him dead.   Or, if you believe the cops planted evidence, buy THEIR deaths via donation. (No cop would have dared risk AP to jump the wall...particularly if by doing so he risked having the evidence thrown out due to illegality.  Nor would they have risked trying to frame an innocent person, or at least one believed innocent by a few million citizens.)  Or do both.  And so on...
Notice, however, that if AP were operational, a lot might have turned out differently.  First, if you assume that OJ is guilty, he would have KNOWN that he would be the first person suspected if Nicole were murdered.  This would have been an enormous deterrent, because he would have known that he'd be a potential target even if he managed to commit the "perfect crime" and leave no evidence.
However, it's even a bit more complicated that this.  Anyone considering an AP donation against OJ would have to realize that he KNEW all this, and might have been appropriately deterred, and if Nicole was killed anyway it's quite possible it WASN'T OJ.
Sure, thinking about this can give anyone a headache.  That's because AP can't answer the question, "Is OJ guilty," but it could dramatically change the circumstances in which such questions are answered.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-10-01 14:08:30
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: [NEWS] More internet-tax proposals 
Obligatory AP solution:
If Netcom and every other telecommunications company doing business in Massachusetts were to pool their money, say a half a year of their normal payments, they could (in effect) buy an "AP Insurance Policy" which would guarantee that they wouldn't have to pay the tax...forever.
Since Netcom is a known entity, all they'd have to do is to announce publicly that they are not going to pay the tax because they don't believe they owe it, but that they are going to allocate a certain proportion of its gross receipts into a fund to disable the tax collection...by "other means"...if it was ever tried.  This would have to be a rather powerful deterrent to any state attorney considering opening up this can of worms.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-12 11:40:22
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Jim Bell raid 
like a
For the record, I was never arrested and so far haven't been charged with
anything.  They're mightily pissed, however, and who knows what'll happen in
the future.  However, the local news was pretty embarrassing to them, and
they've unintentionally alerted the media that there is actually a story to
be covered, although it wasn't the one they wanted!
The local newspaper is putting the essay on their website, or so I hear, so
the public is going to be able to bypass all of the government hype and get
to the real issue.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-12 12:24:21
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Jim Bell raid 
My _correct_ phone number is 1-360-696-3911.  Sorry that I didn't notice the
error until now.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-13 15:45:23
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: APRIL BAY AREA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING 
While I couldn't make it this time, I'd be interested in showing up for the
next Bay area meeting if somebody could provide transportation to/from the
airport/train-station/bus-station.  A place to crash for a night would be a
big plus.
Anyone volunteering to help will get "Jim Bell" autographs.  Might be worth
something some day...   ("Get them while I can still give them"!)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-20 13:15:59
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
I'd be proud to do it.  Even after everything that's happened so far.  Strike that; ESPECIALLY after everything that's happened so far!
The way I see it, they're going to have to deal with this issue eventually,
and it's possible that it won't be obvious to them that libertarianism and
AP mix.  Indeed, I think they MUST mix; we have no choice in the matter.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-20 17:52:31
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
Sure, they can BELIEVE in those things without seeing the need, etc, but
then again they can believe in the tooth fairy and Santa Claus.  Their
position would be overly optimistic, in my opinion.  I think a more realistic way to phrase it is this:  "If a society is
sufficiently defective so as to contain those flaws (ones which could have
been corrected using AP), that society will also contain flaws which make it
impossible to be called libertarian."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-20 23:07:51
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
I disagree with the implications of that last sentence.
For as long as I can recall, there has been an ongoing debate in libertarian
circles between "minarchists" (those that believe in a minimal government)
and "anarchists" (those who believe in no government.)  I was once a
"minarchist," simply because I couldn't figure out a logical way to totally
obsolete government functions.  Then, I did, so I became an anarchist.  It
sounds like you are still a minarchist.  Now, I could just say, "go ahead, be that way", but the thing to acknowledge
is that there is, at least, a DEBATE on this issue.  I didn't deny it back
when I was a minarchist; I don't deny it today, as an anarchist.  Neither
should you.
AP is, implicitly I believe, an anarchy-producing system.  That is (or at
least, may be) a libertarian position, particularly for an
anarchist-libertarian.   _Minarchists_ may be bothered by it, but that
doesn't (necessarily) make it non-libertarian.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-25 18:54:22
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Crypto moves forward: Commerce Dept panel and SAFE markup 
I think you misunderstand the situation.  The government is in somewhat of a
disadvantage by virtue of the fact that there is relatively little
pro-censorship and anti-encryption legislation.  Absent such legislation,
the status-quo moves in a relatively free fashion, which is why the Internet
is mostly unregulated today.   That's precisely what they want us to allow, and that's exactly why we
shouldn't accept it.  As Tim May has repeatedly pointed out, we are probably
better off with NO legislation than bad legislation, and all we've been
offerred so far this year is bad legislation.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-04-25 19:55:12
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: New Crypto Panel 
Notice how the not-so-subtle biases sneak in.  "Balanced representation"?
What about the representation of the citizenry of this country?
And identifying something called "the exporting community" is also biased:
Implicitly, it means those firms which _do_ export crypto, which by
definition means those companies which are COMPLYING with the current crypto
export rules.  Naturally, that is a biased segment of the total potential
membership of that group, and will tend to skew the product of that group to
reinforcing the status quo as defined by government.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-01 10:29:47
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
I've proposed what I consider to be a very efficient and effective "pruning
mechanism."  However, I've also suggested that it would continue pruning
until the size of government reached zero.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-01 10:53:27
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
Well, you're entitled to be wrong!  B^)
I have always been willing to defend my assertion, and since it hasn't been
discussed recently I think it's not too soon to rehash, as weary as you may be.
Assuming AP works in particular, and crypto-anarchy works in general, both
will work to  reduce and minimize the "height" and size of government
entities everywhere. Looked at from a cost/benefit standpoint, since nuclear
weapons are generally of a certain minimum size and cost, they only "work"
if the enemy is sufficiently numerous and segregated from the non-enemy
populace to make attack with a large bomb effective.  Reduce the size of the
largest government unit, and it's harder to find a useful target, thus
reducing the benefit of owning nukes.   Also, if an AP system were available
to an individual or group that previously owned nukes, it would be a far
more economical (and specific) tool to defend itself from enemies of a
certain limited size.  (you can't nuke a terrorist cell, for instance, at
least not without making far more enemies than you originally had.)
At some point, nukes will become far "larger" a weapon than any owner can
reasonably use, and at that point he will disassemble it due to sheer
uselessness.   (if you don't believe that the average size of the potential
nuke-owners will get smaller, then you obviously don't believe in AP and/or
AP dramatically increases the "cost" of owning nukes as well:   If I were
free to do so, I'd be happy to donate money to help force the few
nuke-owners to dismantle their bombs.  Assuming more than a small fraction
of the population is sympathetic to this use of AP (and even if they
generally would oppose other uses) this will work.  Nukes won't be useful to
"fight back" against AP and/or crypto-anarchy, and in fact threatening their
use will do nothing except strength the argument in favor of the development
and use of AP as an anti-nuke tool.
Generally, in order to claim that a fully-functioning AP system WON'T
dismantle all nukes, you've got to be able to postulate the kind of
nuke-owning organization that could survive in a post-AP world, and further
suggest what reason that organization would have to own them.
You'd be surprised.  Since having had at least my second "15 minutes of
fame" locally, I've had many discussions of the AP concept with average
citizens.  Admittedly, many of them were no more familiar with the
cryptographic details than you might expect, so they pretty much accepted
that part of the proposal as a given.  However, every one of them seemed to
accept the idea that if my system would do, generally, what it appears to do
from first principles, the conclusion that it would shut down militaries and
dismantle nukes follows directly.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-01 11:40:58
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Disaster--"Use a cipher, go to prison" 
I agree with everything you've said, here.  SAFE is truly awful if it
attempts to make use of encryption illegal.  Prosecuting the underlying
crime, if a crime was done, should be considered more than enough.
The thugs are afraid of getting whacked.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-01 11:42:51
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
I disagree that a "strong argument" could be made for item   Sure, some
people would strenuously ATTEMPT to make that argument, but they would fail
miserably.  I feel confident that a statistical analysis of various countries'
governments would reveal a wide scatter in the relationship between
population and government size.  One of the main factors in this scatter is
simply the amount that government has decided to butt into activities that
could (and should) be privatized.   Another is the amount that the
government steals from one group in order to reliably receive the votes of
some other group.
Population size would end up being a very poor determinant of government size.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 10:33:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I'm still waiting for you to explain what you believe to be the "problem" for which we are searching a solution.  Is the problem that there is slavery?  Or do you think the only problem is that the slaves are unhappy?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 10:55:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Who says?  What if the public doesn't agree?  Might it not be better to sacrifice a few children to keep other children alive?
How much would this cost?  Who would pay?  Where would the money come from?  Is this "solution" practical for everybody, or just the top guy?
Suppose that didn't work.  Who would kill the kids if the tyrant died?  Who would risk death himself to do this?  Etc.
Hint:  Unfortunately, you don't seem to be pursuing the implications of what you are hypothesizing.  This is typical.  Go back and do what I originally suggested:  Look at the motivations of EACH person in the "play" and decide why he will play along with the game.    This includes not merely the people you want to focus on, but also anyone else.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 10:55:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I'm still waiting for you to explain what you believe to be the "problem" for which we are searching a solution.  Is the problem that there is slavery?  Or do you think the only problem is that the slaves are unhappy?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 11:41:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Who says?  What if the public doesn't agree?  Might it not be better to sacrifice a few children to keep other children alive?
How much would this cost?  Who would pay?  Where would the money come from?  Is this "solution" practical for everybody, or just the top guy?
Suppose that didn't work.  Who would kill the kids if the tyrant died?  Who would risk death himself to do this?  Etc.
Hint:  Unfortunately, you don't seem to be pursuing the implications of what you are hypothesizing.  This is typical.  Go back and do what I originally suggested:  Look at the motivations of EACH person in the "play" and decide why he will play along with the game.    This includes not merely the people you want to focus on, but also anyone else.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 17:56:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
To quiet him from political dissent, presumably.  I think the term coined a few years ago was "SLAPP", something akin to "Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Policy," or similar.  For example, "Company A" wants to build a mine or factory or something similar at a location.  Citizens object, causing political problems.  Company sues the individuals for damages, which costs the individuals a great deal of money to defend against even if they never lose the suit.
The real problem is actually a series of mistakes:
1.  Individual should not be able to cause political problems for company.
2.  "Government" should not be able to impact company activities short of actual harm.
3.  Company should not be able to impact individual by suing except for actual harm done by that individual.
Naturally, the source of these problems is that by each of their existence, lawyers make more money.
As usual, I have a solution to that problem.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:29:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
To quiet him from political dissent, presumably.  I think the term coined a few years ago was "SLAPP", something akin to "Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Policy," or similar.  For example, "Company A" wants to build a mine or factory or something similar at a location.  Citizens object, causing political problems.  Company sues the individuals for damages, which costs the individuals a great deal of money to defend against even if they never lose the suit.
The real problem is actually a series of mistakes:
1.  Individual should not be able to cause political problems for company.
2.  "Government" should not be able to impact company activities short of actual harm.
3.  Company should not be able to impact individual by suing except for actual harm done by that individual.
Naturally, the source of these problems is that by each of their existence, lawyers make more money.
As usual, I have a solution to that problem.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 19:14:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Libel, Times v. Sullivan 
Your last paragraph looks like an exercise of the silly game the TV show "60 minutes" producers often play when they read the letters from the audience about a previous report on a controversial subject.  They first read a letter from an outraged viewer who claims that the TV show's producers must have been biased in one direction, and then they read another letter from a different viewer who alleges they showed a bias in the opposite direction.  The show is trying to leave you with the impression that they MUST have been unbiased, because they are being accused of diametrically opposite leanings.
All they are really showing is that given the hundreds and probably thousands of letters they receive on each show weekly (which are, by definition, written by self-motivated people) they can get at least one on each end of the spectrum for whatever subject they've just covered.   Not surprising.   (If anything, I'd be surprised if they ever DON'T recieve at least two such letters which could be misused in this way...)
So before you "wander away," perhaps you ought to explain why we NEED defamation laws?  The sun would still rise tomorrow morning absent them.  A few feelings might be hurt, that's true, but on the other hand the implied endorsement of The State ("If that statement wasn't true, he couldn't print it!") has a, cumulatively, far greater impact on all of us.
A clue is present in the likely fact that the origins of defamation laws were primarily to keep the king and the upper-crust free of printed and verbal attack directed by the lower-classes, even given the presence of whatever nominal "free-speech" guarantees were present.  Explain, for example, that while it is now universally recognized by the truth is a defense for libel accusations, it was NOT true when William Penn went on trial for libel in the late 1600's.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 19:40:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Libel, Times v. Sullivan 
Your last paragraph looks like an exercise of the silly game the TV show "60 minutes" producers often play when they read the letters from the audience about a previous report on a controversial subject.  They first read a letter from an outraged viewer who claims that the TV show's producers must have been biased in one direction, and then they read another letter from a different viewer who alleges they showed a bias in the opposite direction.  The show is trying to leave you with the impression that they MUST have been unbiased, because they are being accused of diametrically opposite leanings.
All they are really showing is that given the hundreds and probably thousands of letters they receive on each show weekly (which are, by definition, written by self-motivated people) they can get at least one on each end of the spectrum for whatever subject they've just covered.   Not surprising.   (If anything, I'd be surprised if they ever DON'T recieve at least two such letters which could be misused in this way...)
So before you "wander away," perhaps you ought to explain why we NEED defamation laws?  The sun would still rise tomorrow morning absent them.  A few feelings might be hurt, that's true, but on the other hand the implied endorsement of The State ("If that statement wasn't true, he couldn't print it!") has a, cumulatively, far greater impact on all of us.
A clue is present in the likely fact that the origins of defamation laws were primarily to keep the king and the upper-crust free of printed and verbal attack directed by the lower-classes, even given the presence of whatever nominal "free-speech" guarantees were present.  Explain, for example, that while it is now universally recognized by the truth is a defense for libel accusations, it was NOT true when William Penn went on trial for libel in the late 1600's.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-01 20:36:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
It's odd that you would say this.  I get that impression ("nobodies") about practically EVERY subject discussed here.  Why name this particular one, as if it were somehow special?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-02 10:48:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
Better yet, set up a system to encourage the public to USE those guns (and other weapons) to get rid of the people who pass such laws, and the problem is solved.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-02 14:25:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
Better yet, set up a system to encourage the public to USE those guns (and other weapons) to get rid of the people who pass such laws, and the problem is solved.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-02 20:26:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: VOICE STRESS ANALYSIS 
Awhile back we were discussing voice-stress analysis; just got this item on the subject; he said it's okay to post it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-02 22:26:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: VOICE STRESS ANALYSIS 
Awhile back we were discussing voice-stress analysis; just got this item on the subject; he said it's okay to post it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 00:38:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
Simple.  Even if a lendor dies (whether by murder or some other cause, perhaps undetermined) you (the debtor) presumably will still be obligated to pay back the debt, to his estate if nowhere else.  If you WEREN'T responsible for the killing, you should still make the payments. If you do, then you had no reason to kill him in the first place.
Even in the hypothetical scenario that the lendor is single, has no family or other likely heirs, it would be in his interest to declare that his estate goes to charity, including debts to it such as yours.  After all, we can assume that he doesn't want to get murdered, and the best way of avoiding that fate is to remove whatever incentive might otherwise exist for anyone else to kill him.  Making sure that all of his debtors are revealed would make it difficult for any of them to get away with murder.  Or, at least, prevent the fact of such a murder from eliminating the need to repay the debt.
If the fact of the loan were revealed, perhaps only after the lendor's death, and ALSO the fact that you (alone among his other debtors) refused to pay it back, everyone else in that society might reasonably come to the conclusion (absent proof or a good explanation to the contrary) that you were probably responsible for the death.  At the very least, they wouldn't want to deal with you for fear of a similar outcome (non-payment or death), and some of the public would be likely to punish you by donating money to see you dead.  They would do this, even if they had no particular link to the dead lendor, precisely because the publicity from such an outcome would deter other people who might be contemplating a similar thing.
The logic is essentially the same as the situation where a person would donate small amounts money to see car thieves dead, even if his car hadn't (yet) been stolen:  If it is essentially certain that such a penalty will always exist, it will tend to deter future incidents.  All car owners have a motivation to maintain that system.
As he could, you.  Remember, if your bad actions were publicized, your reputation would suffer.  If he's satisfied that you are guilty, and can prove it to others, you'll be in trouble to have the information published.
(On the other hand, if nobody knows it was you who were responsible, you won't suffer, but that's no worse than the status quo.)
A "suit" implies that he needs assistance to get the fact of the obligation enforced.  Assuming he has enough proof to win a lawsuit, he has more than enough proof to sour everyone else on dealing with you in the future, and possibly get them to donate to see you dead.  Do you risk it?
I predict that agreements will simply change to avoid (or anticipate) such disappointments, in order to ensure that neither party feels "taken" if things don't work out as planned.  Or, if there is an innocent-and-unavoidable breach of the agreement that harms one person, the other will be motivated to make it up to the first.  In effect, they'll have to find a mutually-agreeable middle ground.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 00:39:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Free & Open Society & toleration (fwd) 
Maybe this will appear to you to be too-subtle a distinction, but I don't share the misimpression of equating what "society" (the citizenry?) accepts and what government-types accept.  For instance, as I understand it the public uniformly rejects the concept of wiretaps as a method of law-enforcement, yet they are done anyway.  In effect, it would be correct both to say:
a.   Society will never accept wiretapping.  (where "society" is defined as the collection of individuals)
   as well as saying...
b.   Wiretapping is a "recognized legal concept now."  (because the implication is that "recognized" refers to a tiny subset of society, the thugs who run the "justice system.")
Now, it's my own personal opinion that wiretapping is unconstitutional, but is done anyway for the same reason other unconstitutional things are regularly done by government:  Despite public disapproval, the public is never actually given the opportunity to make the decision.
The fact is, libel lawsuits are apparently a rather rare "tool" that we don't even need.  Perhaps a REAL LAWYER  who is aware of the statistics can tell us how often they actually occur.  I argue that something that rare is, almost by definition, not really needed.   Yes, I'd like to "remove a few lawyers," as well.  Not quite the way you would, however.
Why not a full "loser pays" system?  And I mean NOT ONLY for civil cases, but also criminal cases!  Perhaps the government would be a bit less enthusiastic about harassing drug defendants if it was forced to pay for their acquittals after a FIJA loss!   Consider, for example, that if the government had to pay after a loss, it would become very difficult for the government to harrass a person like Phil Zimmermann, unlike today where charges can be brought even if it is recognized they won't stick, secure in the knowledge that he'd be out a great deal of money in his defense.  How much sweeter would the victory be if all costs were compensated?  Do you always produce such opaque commentary?     Perhaps you could re-write the above statement in ordinary English.
The reality is, the guarantees supposedly provided by the US Constitution are guarantees in name only.  The system is thoroughly corrupted and biased.  It's hard to know how you come to this conclusion.  If anything, what I'm trying to do is to permanently destroy a system which has allowed a tiny fraction of society to control things for the rest of us for centuries, and longer.  If anything, it is the system I'm trying to destroy which has taken the position that, in reality, people are not equal.
On the other hand, I'm NOT a proponent for "egalitarianism," or enforced equality, at all!  I'm confident that once the system is dismantled that enforces inequality on us, we can live with the result.
It's interesting that I keep seeing the same misinterpretations of the AP system.  AP is not simply about killing people.  And no, it hasn't been tried before.    The occasional assassination is no more like AP than a random shot in the dark is like a well-aimed round.  The first may, rarely, do the same thing as the second, but there is no prospect of a likely _SOME_ people seem to "get" this, why not you?  The _absolutely_essential_ element that distinguishes AP is the system that allows people's individual desires to be denominated in terms of money, and accumulated until an anonymous person satisfies that desire and collects the reward.  And, moreover, that this system remains in place forever.  I keep telling you that "AP has never been tried before."  AP is NOT the same thing as mere assassination.  Period.  If anything, there are excellent reasons why ordinary assassination can, indeed, increase corruption while the AP system would reduce it.  The most obvious difference is this:  The motivations are vastly different.  Heretofore, assassinations have occurred based on the desires of only a tiny fraction of the population.  Often one person, or only a few.  In other words, the assassinations which DO occur are NOT the ones that "the rest of us" would choose.  The latter type DO NOT occur!  It isn't necessary that any system be "democratic."    "Democracy" assumes that certain questions need to be answered by VOTE, as opposed to simply allowing individuals to answer those questions for themselves.  We don't all get together and vote on what religion we'll all be forced to observe, do we?  No.  That's because it is accepted that certain areas are off-limits for even a "democratic" system to decide.  We don't have a national vote to decide what color to paint ALL of our houses.   We don't have a vote to decide what meal to eat next Thursday.  Well, in my opinion there are few if any proper functions for a so-called "democratic" system.  That's because I believe that most if not all decisions currently made in any "democratic" system shouldn't be made at that level at all!
You clearly don't understand it!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 07:11:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Free & Open Society & toleration (fwd) 
Maybe this will appear to you to be too-subtle a distinction, but I don't share the misimpression of equating what "society" (the citizenry?) accepts and what government-types accept.  For instance, as I understand it the public uniformly rejects the concept of wiretaps as a method of law-enforcement, yet they are done anyway.  In effect, it would be correct both to say:
a.   Society will never accept wiretapping.  (where "society" is defined as the collection of individuals)
   as well as saying...
b.   Wiretapping is a "recognized legal concept now."  (because the implication is that "recognized" refers to a tiny subset of society, the thugs who run the "justice system.")
Now, it's my own personal opinion that wiretapping is unconstitutional, but is done anyway for the same reason other unconstitutional things are regularly done by government:  Despite public disapproval, the public is never actually given the opportunity to make the decision.
The fact is, libel lawsuits are apparently a rather rare "tool" that we don't even need.  Perhaps a REAL LAWYER  who is aware of the statistics can tell us how often they actually occur.  I argue that something that rare is, almost by definition, not really needed.   Yes, I'd like to "remove a few lawyers," as well.  Not quite the way you would, however.
Why not a full "loser pays" system?  And I mean NOT ONLY for civil cases, but also criminal cases!  Perhaps the government would be a bit less enthusiastic about harassing drug defendants if it was forced to pay for their acquittals after a FIJA loss!   Consider, for example, that if the government had to pay after a loss, it would become very difficult for the government to harrass a person like Phil Zimmermann, unlike today where charges can be brought even if it is recognized they won't stick, secure in the knowledge that he'd be out a great deal of money in his defense.  How much sweeter would the victory be if all costs were compensated?  Do you always produce such opaque commentary?     Perhaps you could re-write the above statement in ordinary English.
The reality is, the guarantees supposedly provided by the US Constitution are guarantees in name only.  The system is thoroughly corrupted and biased.  It's hard to know how you come to this conclusion.  If anything, what I'm trying to do is to permanently destroy a system which has allowed a tiny fraction of society to control things for the rest of us for centuries, and longer.  If anything, it is the system I'm trying to destroy which has taken the position that, in reality, people are not equal.
On the other hand, I'm NOT a proponent for "egalitarianism," or enforced equality, at all!  I'm confident that once the system is dismantled that enforces inequality on us, we can live with the result.
It's interesting that I keep seeing the same misinterpretations of the AP system.  AP is not simply about killing people.  And no, it hasn't been tried before.    The occasional assassination is no more like AP than a random shot in the dark is like a well-aimed round.  The first may, rarely, do the same thing as the second, but there is no prospect of a likely _SOME_ people seem to "get" this, why not you?  The _absolutely_essential_ element that distinguishes AP is the system that allows people's individual desires to be denominated in terms of money, and accumulated until an anonymous person satisfies that desire and collects the reward.  And, moreover, that this system remains in place forever.  I keep telling you that "AP has never been tried before."  AP is NOT the same thing as mere assassination.  Period.  If anything, there are excellent reasons why ordinary assassination can, indeed, increase corruption while the AP system would reduce it.  The most obvious difference is this:  The motivations are vastly different.  Heretofore, assassinations have occurred based on the desires of only a tiny fraction of the population.  Often one person, or only a few.  In other words, the assassinations which DO occur are NOT the ones that "the rest of us" would choose.  The latter type DO NOT occur!  It isn't necessary that any system be "democratic."    "Democracy" assumes that certain questions need to be answered by VOTE, as opposed to simply allowing individuals to answer those questions for themselves.  We don't all get together and vote on what religion we'll all be forced to observe, do we?  No.  That's because it is accepted that certain areas are off-limits for even a "democratic" system to decide.  We don't have a national vote to decide what color to paint ALL of our houses.   We don't have a vote to decide what meal to eat next Thursday.  Well, in my opinion there are few if any proper functions for a so-called "democratic" system.  That's because I believe that most if not all decisions currently made in any "democratic" system shouldn't be made at that level at all!
You clearly don't understand it!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 07:12:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
Simple.  Even if a lendor dies (whether by murder or some other cause, perhaps undetermined) you (the debtor) presumably will still be obligated to pay back the debt, to his estate if nowhere else.  If you WEREN'T responsible for the killing, you should still make the payments. If you do, then you had no reason to kill him in the first place.
Even in the hypothetical scenario that the lendor is single, has no family or other likely heirs, it would be in his interest to declare that his estate goes to charity, including debts to it such as yours.  After all, we can assume that he doesn't want to get murdered, and the best way of avoiding that fate is to remove whatever incentive might otherwise exist for anyone else to kill him.  Making sure that all of his debtors are revealed would make it difficult for any of them to get away with murder.  Or, at least, prevent the fact of such a murder from eliminating the need to repay the debt.
If the fact of the loan were revealed, perhaps only after the lendor's death, and ALSO the fact that you (alone among his other debtors) refused to pay it back, everyone else in that society might reasonably come to the conclusion (absent proof or a good explanation to the contrary) that you were probably responsible for the death.  At the very least, they wouldn't want to deal with you for fear of a similar outcome (non-payment or death), and some of the public would be likely to punish you by donating money to see you dead.  They would do this, even if they had no particular link to the dead lendor, precisely because the publicity from such an outcome would deter other people who might be contemplating a similar thing.
The logic is essentially the same as the situation where a person would donate small amounts money to see car thieves dead, even if his car hadn't (yet) been stolen:  If it is essentially certain that such a penalty will always exist, it will tend to deter future incidents.  All car owners have a motivation to maintain that system.
As he could, you.  Remember, if your bad actions were publicized, your reputation would suffer.  If he's satisfied that you are guilty, and can prove it to others, you'll be in trouble to have the information published.
(On the other hand, if nobody knows it was you who were responsible, you won't suffer, but that's no worse than the status quo.)
A "suit" implies that he needs assistance to get the fact of the obligation enforced.  Assuming he has enough proof to win a lawsuit, he has more than enough proof to sour everyone else on dealing with you in the future, and possibly get them to donate to see you dead.  Do you risk it?
I predict that agreements will simply change to avoid (or anticipate) such disappointments, in order to ensure that neither party feels "taken" if things don't work out as planned.  Or, if there is an innocent-and-unavoidable breach of the agreement that harms one person, the other will be motivated to make it up to the first.  In effect, they'll have to find a mutually-agreeable middle ground.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 19:45:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Embarrass a Marylander, Go to Jail 
I would find any email "annoying" that supported such a bill.  Maybe we ought to send emails to Rosenberg, stating that we find his entire proposal "annoying," and ask him when he's going to turn himself in for his misdeeds.
Another good argument for AP.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 19:45:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: GAK cracking? 
This ought to be challengeable.  (equal-protection violation?)  And while the government's actions are normally phrased in this way, another way to describe them is to argue that the government is:
1.   Wanting a product or service to be developed.
2.   Wants private companies to do this.
3.   Wants to do so without Congress appropriating the money.  (And they're doing it by, in effect, "paying" for it by allowing certain companies to export freely, with the requirement that the company does the work "gratis".)
4.   Wants to do so without any sort of competitive bidding process.  (The terms of the contract have not gone through any of the normal procedures.)
I assume there are laws and/or rules which prohibit exactly this kind of behavior. Would it be possible to file a lawsuit, and then file for an injunction to prevent this de-facto deal from going through?   Might this constitute an anti-trust violation, because multiple companies are acting in concert to restrict access to the foreign crypto market by agreeing to develop ONLY A CERTAIN KIND OF ENCRYPTION, namely GAKked encryption?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 20:11:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Embarrass a Marylander, Go to Jail 
I would find any email "annoying" that supported such a bill.  Maybe we ought to send emails to Rosenberg, stating that we find his entire proposal "annoying," and ask him when he's going to turn himself in for his misdeeds.
Another good argument for AP.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-03 20:13:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: GAK cracking? 
This ought to be challengeable.  (equal-protection violation?)  And while the government's actions are normally phrased in this way, another way to describe them is to argue that the government is:
1.   Wanting a product or service to be developed.
2.   Wants private companies to do this.
3.   Wants to do so without Congress appropriating the money.  (And they're doing it by, in effect, "paying" for it by allowing certain companies to export freely, with the requirement that the company does the work "gratis".)
4.   Wants to do so without any sort of competitive bidding process.  (The terms of the contract have not gone through any of the normal procedures.)
I assume there are laws and/or rules which prohibit exactly this kind of behavior. Would it be possible to file a lawsuit, and then file for an injunction to prevent this de-facto deal from going through?   Might this constitute an anti-trust violation, because multiple companies are acting in concert to restrict access to the foreign crypto market by agreeing to develop ONLY A CERTAIN KIND OF ENCRYPTION, namely GAKked encryption?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 18:14:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
Erland van Lidth de Jeude is a MIT grad.  He played the big badass in "Stir Crazy."  Computer science major, BTW.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 19:04:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
That might not be quite true, or at least not complete.  Another effect is that the new structure of the list may deter some of the flamers from posting, when they don't think their notes will be seen on the moderated list.
In any case, however, I agree that spam and trash are easy to filter out.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 20:58:31
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on Cellular Encryption Docs 
Given that high-density inkjet printers can do 600x600 dpi resolution, it should be possible to achieve the equivalent of 100x100 bpi of easily-recoverable data on ordinary paper.  That's about 800 kilobits, or 100 kilobytes.   What does ITAR say about this?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 21:10:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
In practice, we can't hold out much hope that donations to an AP system from "rich and powerful" people can be identified as such.  After all, with the appropriate software I could just as easily make 100, $10 donations as a single $1000 donation.  Assuming anonymity held, nobody but the donor knows from where the money came.
However, fortunately I don't think it would make any difference in the overall effects.    While AP would eliminate the taxation which is commonly thought of as the main way a "rich person" loses assets, in practice it would also shut down the well-hidden systems that allow some people to get rich (or, merely live off somebody else) "unfairly."   Government agents come to mind, of course.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:26:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
That might not be quite true, or at least not complete.  Another effect is that the new structure of the list may deter some of the flamers from posting, when they don't think their notes will be seen on the moderated list.
In any case, however, I agree that spam and trash are easy to filter out.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:28:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
Erland van Lidth de Jeude is a MIT grad.  He played the big badass in "Stir Crazy."  Computer science major, BTW.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:41:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on Cellular Encryption Docs 
Given that high-density inkjet printers can do 600x600 dpi resolution, it should be possible to achieve the equivalent of 100x100 bpi of easily-recoverable data on ordinary paper.  That's about 800 kilobits, or 100 kilobytes.   What does ITAR say about this?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:41:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
In practice, we can't hold out much hope that donations to an AP system from "rich and powerful" people can be identified as such.  After all, with the appropriate software I could just as easily make 100, $10 donations as a single $1000 donation.  Assuming anonymity held, nobody but the donor knows from where the money came.
However, fortunately I don't think it would make any difference in the overall effects.    While AP would eliminate the taxation which is commonly thought of as the main way a "rich person" loses assets, in practice it would also shut down the well-hidden systems that allow some people to get rich (or, merely live off somebody else) "unfairly."   Government agents come to mind, of course.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:44:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: New X-Ray Imager 
Wouldn't it be nice if, in a new poll, they asked the following question:
"Do you believe that the people who ask you, in other polls, whether or not 'you'd be willing to give up a little freedom to thwart terrorism' have any proof it's possible to, in the long run, 'thwart terrorism' by sacrificing Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:44:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John's: In anarchy -everyone responsible 
Actually, it is quite possible that an "anarchic community" is _more_ efficient in the use of resources than some sort of organized community.    It is explained, for example, that the reason there are so many different kinds of life on earth is that there are so many ecological niches to fill.  I guess I don't understand the distinction you are trying to make, between a "popular anarchy" and an "anarchy."    Maybe you were trying to distinguish between "dictatorship of the few (or one)" and "dictatorship of the many (perhaps a majority)" but it didn't come out very understandably.
Put simply, "anarchy is not the lack of order.  It is the lack of _orders_."
No, that's traditional thinking and that's wrong.  See AP part 8.  Freud believed (as "everyone" else believed, even myself, before AP) that anarchy was inherently unstable.  But it ISN'T, if the tools of AP are used to stabilize it.  And no, no altruism is necessary for AP to work as well; no individuals are being asked to sacrifice themselves for the common good.   Rather, they are given the opportunity to work to achieve a reward offered, cumulatively, by a number of citizens.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 07:26:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: New X-Ray Imager 
Wouldn't it be nice if, in a new poll, they asked the following question:
"Do you believe that the people who ask you, in other polls, whether or not 'you'd be willing to give up a little freedom to thwart terrorism' have any proof it's possible to, in the long run, 'thwart terrorism' by sacrificing Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 07:26:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John's: In anarchy -everyone responsible 
Actually, it is quite possible that an "anarchic community" is _more_ efficient in the use of resources than some sort of organized community.    It is explained, for example, that the reason there are so many different kinds of life on earth is that there are so many ecological niches to fill.  I guess I don't understand the distinction you are trying to make, between a "popular anarchy" and an "anarchy."    Maybe you were trying to distinguish between "dictatorship of the few (or one)" and "dictatorship of the many (perhaps a majority)" but it didn't come out very understandably.
Put simply, "anarchy is not the lack of order.  It is the lack of _orders_."
No, that's traditional thinking and that's wrong.  See AP part 8.  Freud believed (as "everyone" else believed, even myself, before AP) that anarchy was inherently unstable.  But it ISN'T, if the tools of AP are used to stabilize it.  And no, no altruism is necessary for AP to work as well; no individuals are being asked to sacrifice themselves for the common good.   Rather, they are given the opportunity to work to achieve a reward offered, cumulatively, by a number of citizens.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 18:03:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
He was on the fourth floor of the west parallel of East Campus, in about 1977 as I recall.  I was on the third floor.  He was a wrestler; I heard he didn't have to work all that hard, he could just sit on the opponent and he'd win.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 18:23:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Letter Re: Kahn Supporting GAK 
But which "criminals," exactly, are "increasingly using encryption to conceal their plans and activities"?  Let's not concede this unless it's really true.
It would be far more accurate to say that it's likely that many people who are politically hostile to their government are using encryption in anticipation of persecution by the government, persecution that could easily come in the form of criminal charges.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 19:40:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
He was on the fourth floor of the west parallel of East Campus, in about 1977 as I recall.  I was on the third floor.  He was a wrestler; I heard he didn't have to work all that hard, he could just sit on the opponent and he'd win.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 19:57:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Letter Re: Kahn Supporting GAK 
But which "criminals," exactly, are "increasingly using encryption to conceal their plans and activities"?  Let's not concede this unless it's really true.
It would be far more accurate to say that it's likely that many people who are politically hostile to their government are using encryption in anticipation of persecution by the government, persecution that could easily come in the form of criminal charges.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 20:00:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
The kind of effects I'm thinking of are primarily the "military spending" situations, where:
1.  Large numbers of potentially competent and useful people get put into useless jobs:  "Army, Navy, and Marines, and Air Force" spring to mind.   (Those people who still think military spending is really necessary obviously haven't read AP.)
2.  Large amounts of money are spent on military hardware, money which goes to fund  people who would otherwise develop useful products in the non-government private sector.
3.  The patent system decreases competition, increases profits and prices in the marketplace due to government actions to allow and enforce monopolies.
4.  Government employees are paid more for their activities than they would receive in the private sector.  Ironically, in this case an "apples-to-apples" comparison is misleading:  It would be wrong to compare a middle level government manager to his counterpart in private industry, because to postulate there is such a government-job assumes that the private-sector would do it post-AP.  Yes, the main effect of AP is the elimination of the ability to tax.  Now, nothing would prevents individuals from continuing to fund an organization called a "government" so that it could do those (non-coercive) things that individual wants to see done.  But I think it'll be amazing how many of those heretofore-funded-by-govt projects (previously promoted as being wanted by a large fraction of the citizenry) that evaporate when the public is given the option to continue to fund them voluntarily.
Let's suppose, hypothetically and for vast simplification, the government engages in two activities, "A" and "B."   Further suppose government taxes from two groups, let's call them "Alphas" and "Betas."  It is traditionally thought that Alphas like spending on "A",  but hate spending on "B".   Likewise, it is figured that Betas like spending on "B", don't like spending on "A".    Post-AP, one might innocently suspect that maybe the "Alphas" would simply fund only "A",  while Betas" would donate money for activity "B".   Assuming the amount of funding for those activities was equal, you might think that things could go on as they already do.  But no.   The reality is that "Alphas" merely like spending on "A" _more_ than they do "B", and they will tolerate their own money being used for both only because the "Betas" are similarly forced.  Add volunteerism to the whole mix, and not only would these two groups only fund just what they really wanted, they would soon discover they don't even want the level of spending they previously argued for, pre-AP.
In practice, those services people like will continue, but it is highly unlikely that they will be supply by organizations which evolve from those currently called "governments."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 20:00:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John's: In anarchy -everyone responsible 
Why, exactly, is it "necessary" to "keep society moving"?   Isn't that somewhat of a contradiction in terms?  (particularly when you are discussing the subject, "anarchy."  It seems you don't really understand what the word "anarchy" means.   Sigh.
Are you saying that for  a world that has ALREADY achieved anarchy, and we presume "perfect responsibility," AP is not necessary to maintain this state?   Well, that's a rather limited assertion; some would argue it's practically meaningless.  Isn't that somewhat like saying, "A perfectly-balanced inverted pendulum needs no mechanism to keep it pointing straight up."?  True, perhaps, but how do you get that "perfectly-balanced" part right?
Actually, it's quite the opposite:  AP is the absolute prohibition on and/or destruction of any "instrument of political control."
Now, to a person who thinks that the natural state of the world is a condition of political control (and it wouldn't be hard to understand why a person could come to this conclusion, given the bulk of history), the ABSENSE of political control "looks like" political control.
This is, obviously, akin to the optical illusion where you stare intently at a pattern of color on a page (the American flag is often used) for a minute or two, and then you suddenly glance towards a white sheet of paper on which, as I recall, immediately appears a complementary flag of green and black stripes, and black stars on a yellow field.
AP destroys the mechanisms that societies use for much political control.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 21:25:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
The kind of effects I'm thinking of are primarily the "military spending" situations, where:
1.  Large numbers of potentially competent and useful people get put into useless jobs:  "Army, Navy, and Marines, and Air Force" spring to mind.   (Those people who still think military spending is really necessary obviously haven't read AP.)
2.  Large amounts of money are spent on military hardware, money which goes to fund  people who would otherwise develop useful products in the non-government private sector.
3.  The patent system decreases competition, increases profits and prices in the marketplace due to government actions to allow and enforce monopolies.
4.  Government employees are paid more for their activities than they would receive in the private sector.  Ironically, in this case an "apples-to-apples" comparison is misleading:  It would be wrong to compare a middle level government manager to his counterpart in private industry, because to postulate there is such a government-job assumes that the private-sector would do it post-AP.  Yes, the main effect of AP is the elimination of the ability to tax.  Now, nothing would prevents individuals from continuing to fund an organization called a "government" so that it could do those (non-coercive) things that individual wants to see done.  But I think it'll be amazing how many of those heretofore-funded-by-govt projects (previously promoted as being wanted by a large fraction of the citizenry) that evaporate when the public is given the option to continue to fund them voluntarily.
Let's suppose, hypothetically and for vast simplification, the government engages in two activities, "A" and "B."   Further suppose government taxes from two groups, let's call them "Alphas" and "Betas."  It is traditionally thought that Alphas like spending on "A",  but hate spending on "B".   Likewise, it is figured that Betas like spending on "B", don't like spending on "A".    Post-AP, one might innocently suspect that maybe the "Alphas" would simply fund only "A",  while Betas" would donate money for activity "B".   Assuming the amount of funding for those activities was equal, you might think that things could go on as they already do.  But no.   The reality is that "Alphas" merely like spending on "A" _more_ than they do "B", and they will tolerate their own money being used for both only because the "Betas" are similarly forced.  Add volunteerism to the whole mix, and not only would these two groups only fund just what they really wanted, they would soon discover they don't even want the level of spending they previously argued for, pre-AP.
In practice, those services people like will continue, but it is highly unlikely that they will be supply by organizations which evolve from those currently called "governments."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 21:41:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John's: In anarchy -everyone responsible 
Why, exactly, is it "necessary" to "keep society moving"?   Isn't that somewhat of a contradiction in terms?  (particularly when you are discussing the subject, "anarchy."  It seems you don't really understand what the word "anarchy" means.   Sigh.
Are you saying that for  a world that has ALREADY achieved anarchy, and we presume "perfect responsibility," AP is not necessary to maintain this state?   Well, that's a rather limited assertion; some would argue it's practically meaningless.  Isn't that somewhat like saying, "A perfectly-balanced inverted pendulum needs no mechanism to keep it pointing straight up."?  True, perhaps, but how do you get that "perfectly-balanced" part right?
Actually, it's quite the opposite:  AP is the absolute prohibition on and/or destruction of any "instrument of political control."
Now, to a person who thinks that the natural state of the world is a condition of political control (and it wouldn't be hard to understand why a person could come to this conclusion, given the bulk of history), the ABSENSE of political control "looks like" political control.
This is, obviously, akin to the optical illusion where you stare intently at a pattern of color on a page (the American flag is often used) for a minute or two, and then you suddenly glance towards a white sheet of paper on which, as I recall, immediately appears a complementary flag of green and black stripes, and black stars on a yellow field.
AP destroys the mechanisms that societies use for much political control.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 22:04:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ITAR and Paper ROM 
It seems to me that the main impediment to doing this in the middle 1980's was the lack of inexpensive scanners.  But the utility of a system like this has, unfortunately (?) or perhaps fortunately, probably been killed by the Internet.  Today, a magazine or newspaper can merely post a short pointer to a website including an FTP, or something similar.  True, that doesn't guarantee the availability of the data years later, but...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-05 22:10:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ITAR and Paper ROM 
It seems to me that the main impediment to doing this in the middle 1980's was the lack of inexpensive scanners.  But the utility of a system like this has, unfortunately (?) or perhaps fortunately, probably been killed by the Internet.  Today, a magazine or newspaper can merely post a short pointer to a website including an FTP, or something similar.  True, that doesn't guarantee the availability of the data years later, but...
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-06 18:38:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blessing in Disguise? (H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet Privacy Protection Act of 1997") 
Now, is that a helium or a HYDROGEN dirigible?!?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-06 19:41:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blessing in Disguise? (H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet Privacy Protection Act of 1997") 
Now, is that a helium or a HYDROGEN dirigible?!?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-06 23:42:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blessing in Disguise? (H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet Privacy Protection Act of 1997") 
Gee, this sounds great!  Sounds like it would become illegal for ISPs to "cooperate" (aka:  getting strongarmed) by the local thugs (cops) to reveal information about subscribers.   Except, as is so often the case, they seem to always figure out ways to explain that cooperation with cops was somehow not covered in the law above.
One of the non-obvious dangers of having laws such as this apply to ISPs is that they increase the likelihood that legal force could be applied to them in order to get them to sell-out their customers.   And, obviously, the average citizen isn't going to have a lot of luck getting these laws ENFORCED unless he has friends in the prosecutor's office.
One of the numerous advantages of an AP-type system is that a person will be able to make a violation of his privacy a crime regardless of whether the powers-that-be agree.  Also, he can enforce that "law" on anyone, including government agents, without the cooperation of the prosecutor.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-07 06:56:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Blessing in Disguise? (H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet Privacy Protection Act of 1997") 
Gee, this sounds great!  Sounds like it would become illegal for ISPs to "cooperate" (aka:  getting strongarmed) by the local thugs (cops) to reveal information about subscribers.   Except, as is so often the case, they seem to always figure out ways to explain that cooperation with cops was somehow not covered in the law above.
One of the non-obvious dangers of having laws such as this apply to ISPs is that they increase the likelihood that legal force could be applied to them in order to get them to sell-out their customers.   And, obviously, the average citizen isn't going to have a lot of luck getting these laws ENFORCED unless he has friends in the prosecutor's office.
One of the numerous advantages of an AP-type system is that a person will be able to make a violation of his privacy a crime regardless of whether the powers-that-be agree.  Also, he can enforce that "law" on anyone, including government agents, without the cooperation of the prosecutor.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-08 14:43:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Enlightened commentary on Netizen. 
Ironically, we (the good guys) are going to be the beneficiaries of an ignorant public, for a change!  We all know that difficulty is not linear with bit-size, but hearing that "40 bits is crackable in four hours!"  will be interpreted by non-technical people as a strong level of suspicion directed at DES as well.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-08 20:47:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ISPs vs Bells - Email FCC 
This is an "excellent" example of lying with statistics.  Contrary to the implication above, telephone switches aren't designed to handle a certain amount of telephone traffic per day; Rather, they are designed to handle a certain peak amount of traffic.  This, and the knowledge about the typical usage patterns that communities generally see in their telephones allows a statistician to estimate how much traffic that switch will actually see per day, in the real world.
However, change the pattern of usage, perhaps by adding usage to previously-underused time periods, and you could dramatically increase the daily traffic statistics for a given telephone switch.  If, say, 2% of the population were to suddenly decide to make 6-hour phone calls daily between 12 midnight and 6am, a time of very low usage, you might increase the average daily usage by 50%, but with absolutely no increase in the peak usage during the daytime hours nor need for new switches.
While that's a fanciful example, a similar effect occurs, I think.  I've seen a set of graphs showing the typical usage level for the Teleport ISP, and it appears that while usage reaches a level of about 70% between about 8 am and 4 PM, it continues to increase after 4pm, solidly peaking between 8 pm and 11 pm at about 98% usage.  This is long past the time that most humans make voice phone calls.  The implication is that easily 3/5 of Teleport's traffic occurs after 4 pm and 6 am next morning, a time frame which is definitely post-peak hours.   (Traditionally, pre-Internet, telephone usages peaks at about 11 am and 3 pm.)
Since modern telephone switches don't wear out, unused call capacity is simply wasted.  It makes no sense to charge people more for services which cost the supplier no more to provide.
Even that is unacceptable.  If an average ISP's phone line was busy 50% of the time, with "only" an extra charge of 1 cent per minute, that would be an average charge of $7.20 per day, or $216 per month, as compared to a typical business line which might cost, say, $40 per month.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-08 20:47:46
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John's: In anarchy -everyone responsible 
fill.  Since the definition of "good" above wasn't specified, I substituted (assuming Let me suggest, however, that in addition to the "choke point" problem, it is also impossible, maybe even theoretically so, for a similar reason "Maxwell's Demon" is.
Maxwell's Demon, for those unfamiliar with thermodynamics, was a gate which was postulated to allow the passage of molecules of energy greater than average, and stop the passage of molecules of energy less than average.  The net result would have been, theoretically, a separation of a gas into two halves of dramatically different temperatures.
However, given such a heat separation, it should be possible through some heat engine to extract energy from this difference, and return the  gas to its prior statistical distribution of energies.  Was this "something from Obviously this appeared to be a serious contradiction, given the various laws of thermodynamics, and it was.  It turns out that the source of the contradiction is the false presumption, implied above, that it is possible to identify and thus separate molecules without using appreciable amounts of energy.  Perhaps not surprisingly, the amount of energy needed to do the separation is at least as great as whatever amount of energy you could theoretically extract from the system, almost magically balancing the books.
I suggest that centrally-planned economic theory may fail for a very similar reason:  Implicit in that analysis it is assume that it is possible to do a "cost-free" plan, where in reality costs do occur.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-09 09:13:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Notice, however, that "pre-AP-theory," there was never any "good" way to theorize getting rid of the military:  It always appeared that OUR military was needed to protect us against THEIR military.  AP fixes that problem.
"War is good business...Invest your son!"
There's no doubt that militaries look like a good deal to at least some fraction of the population.  However, as is usually true, the amount of money that could be saved if we didn't have to buy military junk would do just as well applied to other products or services.
I think that's a somewhat distorted way to look at it.  War drastically changes the economics associated with technical developments:  In WWII, millions of dollars became available for development of computers due to their ability to decrypt codes.  It is by no means surprising that suddenly making it 10x more affordable to buy computers (not by reducing their costs, but by raising the amount of money provided) would make computers appear to be the product of war.  You may recall estimates (which are frequently re-quoted, BTW)that proposed that there would only be a market for (say) 5-10 computers in the world.  That estimate is frequently cited as an example of how wrong they were, but in reality that estimate assumed pricing based on then-current costs, and they were probably accurate!  It is the _subsequent_ development of transistors which made those original estimates "wrong."
Nuclear power, similarly, was born in a flood of money for the same war.  Expensive government installations, such as Los Alamos, NM, Hanford Washington, and Oak Ridge Tennessee were built for that purpose. Activities which would have been highly uneconomical during peacetime were suddenly worth doing.
If war makes technical development happen, it is only because of how supremely wasteful it is.  Useful things still get done, but they get done in a highly uneconomical fashion and _before_ they would normally be done in a non-war world.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-09 15:55:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ComLaw> URGENT!!  SET UP IN PROGRESS!! (fwd) 
I'm forwarding this from the commonlaw list because of the usage of the name, "cypherpunks."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:11:37
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Enlightened commentary on Netizen. 
Ironically, we (the good guys) are going to be the beneficiaries of an ignorant public, for a change!  We all know that difficulty is not linear with bit-size, but hearing that "40 bits is crackable in four hours!"  will be interpreted by non-technical people as a strong level of suspicion directed at DES as well.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:12:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: John's: In anarchy -everyone responsible 
fill.  Since the definition of "good" above wasn't specified, I substituted (assuming Let me suggest, however, that in addition to the "choke point" problem, it is also impossible, maybe even theoretically so, for a similar reason "Maxwell's Demon" is.
Maxwell's Demon, for those unfamiliar with thermodynamics, was a gate which was postulated to allow the passage of molecules of energy greater than average, and stop the passage of molecules of energy less than average.  The net result would have been, theoretically, a separation of a gas into two halves of dramatically different temperatures.
However, given such a heat separation, it should be possible through some heat engine to extract energy from this difference, and return the  gas to its prior statistical distribution of energies.  Was this "something from Obviously this appeared to be a serious contradiction, given the various laws of thermodynamics, and it was.  It turns out that the source of the contradiction is the false presumption, implied above, that it is possible to identify and thus separate molecules without using appreciable amounts of energy.  Perhaps not surprisingly, the amount of energy needed to do the separation is at least as great as whatever amount of energy you could theoretically extract from the system, almost magically balancing the books.
I suggest that centrally-planned economic theory may fail for a very similar reason:  Implicit in that analysis it is assume that it is possible to do a "cost-free" plan, where in reality costs do occur.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:12:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ISPs vs Bells - Email FCC 
This is an "excellent" example of lying with statistics.  Contrary to the implication above, telephone switches aren't designed to handle a certain amount of telephone traffic per day; Rather, they are designed to handle a certain peak amount of traffic.  This, and the knowledge about the typical usage patterns that communities generally see in their telephones allows a statistician to estimate how much traffic that switch will actually see per day, in the real world.
However, change the pattern of usage, perhaps by adding usage to previously-underused time periods, and you could dramatically increase the daily traffic statistics for a given telephone switch.  If, say, 2% of the population were to suddenly decide to make 6-hour phone calls daily between 12 midnight and 6am, a time of very low usage, you might increase the average daily usage by 50%, but with absolutely no increase in the peak usage during the daytime hours nor need for new switches.
While that's a fanciful example, a similar effect occurs, I think.  I've seen a set of graphs showing the typical usage level for the Teleport ISP, and it appears that while usage reaches a level of about 70% between about 8 am and 4 PM, it continues to increase after 4pm, solidly peaking between 8 pm and 11 pm at about 98% usage.  This is long past the time that most humans make voice phone calls.  The implication is that easily 3/5 of Teleport's traffic occurs after 4 pm and 6 am next morning, a time frame which is definitely post-peak hours.   (Traditionally, pre-Internet, telephone usages peaks at about 11 am and 3 pm.)
Since modern telephone switches don't wear out, unused call capacity is simply wasted.  It makes no sense to charge people more for services which cost the supplier no more to provide.
Even that is unacceptable.  If an average ISP's phone line was busy 50% of the time, with "only" an extra charge of 1 cent per minute, that would be an average charge of $7.20 per day, or $216 per month, as compared to a typical business line which might cost, say, $40 per month.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:27:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ComLaw> URGENT!! SET UP IN PROGRESS!! (fwd) 
I'm forwarding this from the commonlaw list because of the usage of the name, "cypherpunks."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:27:23
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Notice, however, that "pre-AP-theory," there was never any "good" way to theorize getting rid of the military:  It always appeared that OUR military was needed to protect us against THEIR military.  AP fixes that problem.
"War is good business...Invest your son!"
There's no doubt that militaries look like a good deal to at least some fraction of the population.  However, as is usually true, the amount of money that could be saved if we didn't have to buy military junk would do just as well applied to other products or services.
I think that's a somewhat distorted way to look at it.  War drastically changes the economics associated with technical developments:  In WWII, millions of dollars became available for development of computers due to their ability to decrypt codes.  It is by no means surprising that suddenly making it 10x more affordable to buy computers (not by reducing their costs, but by raising the amount of money provided) would make computers appear to be the product of war.  You may recall estimates (which are frequently re-quoted, BTW)that proposed that there would only be a market for (say) 5-10 computers in the world.  That estimate is frequently cited as an example of how wrong they were, but in reality that estimate assumed pricing based on then-current costs, and they were probably accurate!  It is the _subsequent_ development of transistors which made those original estimates "wrong."
Nuclear power, similarly, was born in a flood of money for the same war.  Expensive government installations, such as Los Alamos, NM, Hanford Washington, and Oak Ridge Tennessee were built for that purpose. Activities which would have been highly uneconomical during peacetime were suddenly worth doing.
If war makes technical development happen, it is only because of how supremely wasteful it is.  Useful things still get done, but they get done in a highly uneconomical fashion and _before_ they would normally be done in a non-war world.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 21:26:21
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
I decided long ago (okay, well, many months ago) that the "solution" is to invent a mechanism to allow spammers/advertisers to include a small amount of ecash as a gift with every spam.  I figure that if USnail junk-mailers are willing to pay $0.32 for postage and probably $0.50 for production, printing, and labelling costs, all for no guarantees of results, they should even more happy to pay, say, 10 cents to each recipient.  At that rate, an average person would probably receive enough "spam" to  pay for his Internet account, quite analogous to the way advertiser-supported TV is presented to the public for no explicit charge.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-12 22:29:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
I decided long ago (okay, well, many months ago) that the "solution" is to invent a mechanism to allow spammers/advertisers to include a small amount of ecash as a gift with every spam.  I figure that if USnail junk-mailers are willing to pay $0.32 for postage and probably $0.50 for production, printing, and labelling costs, all for no guarantees of results, they should even more happy to pay, say, 10 cents to each recipient.  At that rate, an average person would probably receive enough "spam" to  pay for his Internet account, quite analogous to the way advertiser-supported TV is presented to the public for no explicit charge.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 20:40:03
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
However, you connect that fax machine to a phone line, when you know full well that should it be enabled to do so, it will automatically pick up the phone when it "hears" a ring, and will print out a fax based on information provided.  It isn't clear why sending a fax is any "wronger" than mailing junk mail, or making a (voice) phone call to somebody.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 20:40:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
What, exactly, is your definition of "O.K."?    I didn't say that would make it "O.K."   Rather, the inclusion of the money makes the spam somewhat more tolerable of an intrusion than it would otherwise be.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 20:40:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
That's fine...that's EXACTLY the way the system would work!  Intentionally so!  The purpose of the payment is not because the sender feels some sort of legal obligation to pay; rather it's analogous to a tip to a waiter.
The sender makes the payment based on however much he _wants_ you to pay attention to his message, but fully aware that there is no guarantee that you'll do so.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-14 21:47:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Letter Re: Kahn Supporting GAK 
I think it would be appropriate to insist that these guys (the LEAs) document their need for decryption, by providing "us" (the public) with an encrypted version of the data that they have accessed but cannot understand, as well as its source and what case it's associated with.  The LEAs would encrypt it and publicize it (not openly identifying the details) but with the promise that the key to unlock the information would be released within, say, a year or even earlier once a case is brought.  Included within the encrypted identification would be references sufficient to identify the case If they have any doubts as to why they should do this, we should point out that we see no reason to believe their claims, but we want to give them the maximum opportunity to prove them without requiring that they spill the beans, completely, now.   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:41:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
What, exactly, is your definition of "O.K."?    I didn't say that would make it "O.K."   Rather, the inclusion of the money makes the spam somewhat more tolerable of an intrusion than it would otherwise be.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:41:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
However, you connect that fax machine to a phone line, when you know full well that should it be enabled to do so, it will automatically pick up the phone when it "hears" a ring, and will print out a fax based on information provided.  It isn't clear why sending a fax is any "wronger" than mailing junk mail, or making a (voice) phone call to somebody.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:41:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
That's fine...that's EXACTLY the way the system would work!  Intentionally so!  The purpose of the payment is not because the sender feels some sort of legal obligation to pay; rather it's analogous to a tip to a waiter.
The sender makes the payment based on however much he _wants_ you to pay attention to his message, but fully aware that there is no guarantee that you'll do so.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:41:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Letter Re: Kahn Supporting GAK 
I think it would be appropriate to insist that these guys (the LEAs) document their need for decryption, by providing "us" (the public) with an encrypted version of the data that they have accessed but cannot understand, as well as its source and what case it's associated with.  The LEAs would encrypt it and publicize it (not openly identifying the details) but with the promise that the key to unlock the information would be released within, say, a year or even earlier once a case is brought.  Included within the encrypted identification would be references sufficient to identify the case If they have any doubts as to why they should do this, we should point out that we see no reason to believe their claims, but we want to give them the maximum opportunity to prove them without requiring that they spill the beans, completely, now.   Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 10:04:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
No, you're taking the issue to ridiculous extremes.    That's why we have doors, and locks, etc.  And, for that matter, "No trespassing" signs.  But having an address, and a walkway, and a doorbell is generally considered if not explicit permission, but at least toleration of the idea that somebody can walk up and knock on the door, etc.  Having a telephone with a number that anyone can dial is going to result in some level of intrusion.  Having a fax machine is a similar issue, unless technology provides a way to block unwanted faxes.
I certainly don't claim that we shouldn't try to do anything about these limitations!  Quite the opposite, technology should be employed to protect privacy.  But faxes are not fundamentally different than telephones, doorbells, and walkways:  They facilitate interaction, even potentially undesirable interaction.
"Legal" is an arbirary concept; the opposite, "illegal," is merely what some bunch of brainless legislators get together and disapprove.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 11:11:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
No, you're taking the issue to ridiculous extremes.    That's why we have doors, and locks, etc.  And, for that matter, "No trespassing" signs.  But having an address, and a walkway, and a doorbell is generally considered if not explicit permission, but at least toleration of the idea that somebody can walk up and knock on the door, etc.  Having a telephone with a number that anyone can dial is going to result in some level of intrusion.  Having a fax machine is a similar issue, unless technology provides a way to block unwanted faxes.
I certainly don't claim that we shouldn't try to do anything about these limitations!  Quite the opposite, technology should be employed to protect privacy.  But faxes are not fundamentally different than telephones, doorbells, and walkways:  They facilitate interaction, even potentially undesirable interaction.
"Legal" is an arbirary concept; the opposite, "illegal," is merely what some bunch of brainless legislators get together and disapprove.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 18:34:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
That's a technlogical problem, and deserves a technological solution.
Well, I've proposed such a system before...
Which is why my first choice is, uh, and alternative method of "justice."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-15 22:44:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
That's a technlogical problem, and deserves a technological solution.
Well, I've proposed such a system before...
Which is why my first choice is, uh, and alternative method of "justice."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-17 18:57:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Science Generations, II 
Yes, those nosy shopkeepers should really keep it to themselves!  I remember at about age 14 being pissed because I'd been sold _10%_ nitric acid, when I was expecting the 70% stuff!  Within a few weeks I was buying direct from his supplier!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-17 20:02:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Science Generations, II 
Yes, those nosy shopkeepers should really keep it to themselves!  I remember at about age 14 being pissed because I'd been sold _10%_ nitric acid, when I was expecting the 70% stuff!  Within a few weeks I was buying direct from his supplier!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-18 19:38:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks.ebonics 
Quite to the contrary, AP is NOT "oh so clearly way off-topic."   First AP, as I've sketched it uses many of the encryption/digital-signature/verification techniques which are often discussed here and are essentially universally agreed as being on-topic.  Secondly, the _PROSPECT_ of AP (or, if you'd like, more generally, the whole field of cryptoanarchy, which disables the State by making it unnecessary and powerless) would be and probably is most of the motivation for the various "let's control encryption" proposals that the US government and others have pushed over the last few years.
On the other hand, it is equally clear that while AP is "on-topic," nevertheless it is quite distinctly distasteful to a few people around here who seem to believe that the _political_ and _technical" implications of good encryption can be kept safely separated.  It is obvious that you are one of those people.  It is equally obvious that you are not honest enough to admit that.  So rather than say merely "I don't like it" you try to embellish your claims with "oh so clearly way off-topic."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-18 20:26:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks.ebonics 
Quite to the contrary, AP is NOT "oh so clearly way off-topic."   First AP, as I've sketched it uses many of the encryption/digital-signature/verification techniques which are often discussed here and are essentially universally agreed as being on-topic.  Secondly, the _PROSPECT_ of AP (or, if you'd like, more generally, the whole field of cryptoanarchy, which disables the State by making it unnecessary and powerless) would be and probably is most of the motivation for the various "let's control encryption" proposals that the US government and others have pushed over the last few years.
On the other hand, it is equally clear that while AP is "on-topic," nevertheless it is quite distinctly distasteful to a few people around here who seem to believe that the _political_ and _technical" implications of good encryption can be kept safely separated.  It is obvious that you are one of those people.  It is equally obvious that you are not honest enough to admit that.  So rather than say merely "I don't like it" you try to embellish your claims with "oh so clearly way off-topic."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-18 21:38:09
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
There we must disagree.  Not that "top-down" imposed solutions won't generally work, I agree with that.  Rather, I suggest that there are valid and logical market-driven reasons that people, both buyers and sellers, would want to adopt the system I've proposed.
The benefits for the recipient of the payment-containing spam/advertising are obvious. He gets money.   Admittedly it is less obvious why a seller would want to pay for what he seemed to previously got for free, but that's more-or-less the case.   More in a moment.
Yes, the charge will be "enforced"...by the market!  Here's how.  "Spam" in other media is termed "advertising" or "junk mail."  And advertisers pay good money for it, precisely because that it will drum up enough business to not only pay for the ad rates, but also make some profit as well.  They're apparently correct, because those companies stay in business for years or decades.   Now, you'd probably imagine that businessmen would like to see the cost of their advertising drop.  Superficially, you'd be right, but in reality if the cost of advertising on TV or radio or newspapers is an essential element of the system. To understand why, imagine that the price of such advertising dropped by a factor of 100.  Suddenly, anybody doing ads could do ten times as many, for a tenth the total cost, or any such similar ratio.  Or thousands of companies whose products didn't previously profit enough for such ads would now be able to do them, as well.  The airwaves would be flooded. There wouldn't be enough time for entertainment, or news, or much of anything other than ads.  Worse, since total advertising revenue would probably be down by at least a factor of 25, even assuming "only" a 4x increase in ad volume, there would be far less money available for producing good shows.  With fewer, worse shows, and many more ads, the average viewers would stay away in droves.   Pretty soon, the VALUE of that advertising to the advertiser would drop...to 1/100 of what it was before.
The newspapers would, likewise, be flooded with ads.  Even local newspapers would look like the Sunday New York Times.  And the current newspaper reader might as well stay away, because it would be a rare page that actually contained an article, and was not filled with ads.
Junk mail, if the TOTAL cost (paper, printing, labelling, mailing, etc) dropped by a factor of 100, our mailboxes would be filled with paper three times a day, maybe more often.
Well, actually this is not true.  There are other effects which would limit this progression.  For example, as ad space went up, people would watch/read less, so advertisers won't be motived to place ads even if they are free.  If junk mail was free, nobody would have the time to read most of it, and it would go into the trash even faster than it does today.  In effect, if nothing else limited this advertising, our patience (or lack of it) would do so.  The _value_ of that advertising would drop to zero, along with its cost.  The end result, I argue, would be occasional low-value, sporadic advertising that "nobody" reads and everybody hates.
Sound familiar?  On the Internet, it's called, "spam."
Classic Internet-type spam is, essentially, a "zero-cost" ad.  Not _exactly_ zero cost, but pretty close, at least in terms of bare cash outlay.  What limits Internet-spam is that if it's overdone (or, some would argue, done at all!) an advertiser ends up pissing off the reader, making him even less likely to purchase the goods or services the spammer/advertiser was offering.   At that point, in effect the cost of that advertising is "infinite," because the outlay of zero money caused a _reduction_ in sales.  An advertiser can't force a customer to buy, and he knows it.  But what he wants is the customer's time and attention, even if there's no guarantee of a sale.  Really, what he wants is to buy the attention of a potential customer, maybe only few a few seconds or a minute or so.  That's what advertising does.  But like an ad in a newspaper or a commercial on TV (which the target customer can ignore, mute, or walk away from) there is no guarantee of contact.  So how, you'll ask, can the "free money with spam" deal be "enforced"?  Well, it can't, if your definition of "enforced" includes merely the idea of some higher legal authority like a government or a trade organization or something.  But if you include the idea of the participants in the market, themselves, "enforcing" such a payment, it can.
Let's suppose, for simplicity's sake, that we are considering two types of advertisers.  One has a product that few people want.  Not NONE, just few.  It's either poor quality, or too expensive (compared to its perceived value), or just not particularly interesting to the majority of the public.  The other has a product that far more people want.  It's good, or is seen to be inexpensive, or is interesting.    Now, the former advertiser must put out far more ads to make a given buck than the latter.   The latter advertiser wants and needs the attention of any given potential customer more than the former, because the latter is far more likely to satisfy the customer's curiosity and desires and  be able to do business with him.  In short, the purveyor of products that more people want (products which are more likely to interest the average potential advertisement reader...) can AFFORD to pay a larger amount of money to a given ad-recipient than can the other advertiser, the seller of junk.  Logic suggests that in the competition for "share of mind," the good-product seller would choose to give a larger amount of money to any given ad-recipient, in order to attract his attention and distinguish him from the other guy, if nothing else.  After all, that's the one thing HE CAN DO that the other guy, statistically, cannot.  He can say, in effect, "My ad is more important and intersting to look at, and I can prove it by paying you more!"  He is also saying that he values you, as a customer, more than the guy who can only pay less.
Moreover, if I were a potential ad-reader, faced with the prospect of reading "N" ads where "N" is a larger number than I really want to see, presumably I would like to be able to pre-separate the ads into two groups, the ones I'm more likely to want to read and the other pile.  Even if I were to totally ignore the fact that I'm more enriched by ads which contain a larger payment (for example if that payment were to go (hypothetically) to a charity of my choice) I should STILL recognize that it is more likely that an interesting, useful ad would be able to afford a larger payment to potential recipients.  Therefore, logic suggests that absent any other guide, I should spend my limited time reading preferentially reading the ads where the advertiser was willing (and able) to make a larger payment.
Were a mail-reader program equipped with the ability to collect such payments and change the ranking of ads, it seems logical to believe that one of the most frequently-chosen options would be one which presented the highest-paying ads FIRST, then the others in decending order of value.
There are multiple levels of self-interest at work here, reinforcing themselves.  First, in the short term, advertisers who pay more make you, the customer, richer.  But more importantly, if the customer preferentially reads high-payment ads, over the medium-term  the advertisers will tend to get the idea and will raise their payments to whatever they feel they must to get your attention.  Further, in the long term giving more business to advertisers who pay customers more will tend to strengthen those advertisers, leading to their dominance in the industry.
In short, like Darwin's natural-selection concept, the idea of including payments with unsolicited ads will simply take over.  In fact, at some point the concept of sending unsolicited product or service advertising (at least on the Internet) WITHOUT including a gratuity will become as gauche as exiting a restaurant without leaving a tip.   At that point, the behavior of millions of potential customers will, in effort, ENFORCE the practice, because the vast majority of the public will simply ignore advertising by rude, un-generous people.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-18 21:57:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Excerpt on SPAM from Edupage, 11 February 1997 
There we must disagree.  Not that "top-down" imposed solutions won't generally work, I agree with that.  Rather, I suggest that there are valid and logical market-driven reasons that people, both buyers and sellers, would want to adopt the system I've proposed.
The benefits for the recipient of the payment-containing spam/advertising are obvious. He gets money.   Admittedly it is less obvious why a seller would want to pay for what he seemed to previously got for free, but that's more-or-less the case.   More in a moment.
Yes, the charge will be "enforced"...by the market!  Here's how.  "Spam" in other media is termed "advertising" or "junk mail."  And advertisers pay good money for it, precisely because that it will drum up enough business to not only pay for the ad rates, but also make some profit as well.  They're apparently correct, because those companies stay in business for years or decades.   Now, you'd probably imagine that businessmen would like to see the cost of their advertising drop.  Superficially, you'd be right, but in reality if the cost of advertising on TV or radio or newspapers is an essential element of the system. To understand why, imagine that the price of such advertising dropped by a factor of 100.  Suddenly, anybody doing ads could do ten times as many, for a tenth the total cost, or any such similar ratio.  Or thousands of companies whose products didn't previously profit enough for such ads would now be able to do them, as well.  The airwaves would be flooded. There wouldn't be enough time for entertainment, or news, or much of anything other than ads.  Worse, since total advertising revenue would probably be down by at least a factor of 25, even assuming "only" a 4x increase in ad volume, there would be far less money available for producing good shows.  With fewer, worse shows, and many more ads, the average viewers would stay away in droves.   Pretty soon, the VALUE of that advertising to the advertiser would drop...to 1/100 of what it was before.
The newspapers would, likewise, be flooded with ads.  Even local newspapers would look like the Sunday New York Times.  And the current newspaper reader might as well stay away, because it would be a rare page that actually contained an article, and was not filled with ads.
Junk mail, if the TOTAL cost (paper, printing, labelling, mailing, etc) dropped by a factor of 100, our mailboxes would be filled with paper three times a day, maybe more often.
Well, actually this is not true.  There are other effects which would limit this progression.  For example, as ad space went up, people would watch/read less, so advertisers won't be motived to place ads even if they are free.  If junk mail was free, nobody would have the time to read most of it, and it would go into the trash even faster than it does today.  In effect, if nothing else limited this advertising, our patience (or lack of it) would do so.  The _value_ of that advertising would drop to zero, along with its cost.  The end result, I argue, would be occasional low-value, sporadic advertising that "nobody" reads and everybody hates.
Sound familiar?  On the Internet, it's called, "spam."
Classic Internet-type spam is, essentially, a "zero-cost" ad.  Not _exactly_ zero cost, but pretty close, at least in terms of bare cash outlay.  What limits Internet-spam is that if it's overdone (or, some would argue, done at all!) an advertiser ends up pissing off the reader, making him even less likely to purchase the goods or services the spammer/advertiser was offering.   At that point, in effect the cost of that advertising is "infinite," because the outlay of zero money caused a _reduction_ in sales.  An advertiser can't force a customer to buy, and he knows it.  But what he wants is the customer's time and attention, even if there's no guarantee of a sale.  Really, what he wants is to buy the attention of a potential customer, maybe only few a few seconds or a minute or so.  That's what advertising does.  But like an ad in a newspaper or a commercial on TV (which the target customer can ignore, mute, or walk away from) there is no guarantee of contact.  So how, you'll ask, can the "free money with spam" deal be "enforced"?  Well, it can't, if your definition of "enforced" includes merely the idea of some higher legal authority like a government or a trade organization or something.  But if you include the idea of the participants in the market, themselves, "enforcing" such a payment, it can.
Let's suppose, for simplicity's sake, that we are considering two types of advertisers.  One has a product that few people want.  Not NONE, just few.  It's either poor quality, or too expensive (compared to its perceived value), or just not particularly interesting to the majority of the public.  The other has a product that far more people want.  It's good, or is seen to be inexpensive, or is interesting.    Now, the former advertiser must put out far more ads to make a given buck than the latter.   The latter advertiser wants and needs the attention of any given potential customer more than the former, because the latter is far more likely to satisfy the customer's curiosity and desires and  be able to do business with him.  In short, the purveyor of products that more people want (products which are more likely to interest the average potential advertisement reader...) can AFFORD to pay a larger amount of money to a given ad-recipient than can the other advertiser, the seller of junk.  Logic suggests that in the competition for "share of mind," the good-product seller would choose to give a larger amount of money to any given ad-recipient, in order to attract his attention and distinguish him from the other guy, if nothing else.  After all, that's the one thing HE CAN DO that the other guy, statistically, cannot.  He can say, in effect, "My ad is more important and intersting to look at, and I can prove it by paying you more!"  He is also saying that he values you, as a customer, more than the guy who can only pay less.
Moreover, if I were a potential ad-reader, faced with the prospect of reading "N" ads where "N" is a larger number than I really want to see, presumably I would like to be able to pre-separate the ads into two groups, the ones I'm more likely to want to read and the other pile.  Even if I were to totally ignore the fact that I'm more enriched by ads which contain a larger payment (for example if that payment were to go (hypothetically) to a charity of my choice) I should STILL recognize that it is more likely that an interesting, useful ad would be able to afford a larger payment to potential recipients.  Therefore, logic suggests that absent any other guide, I should spend my limited time reading preferentially reading the ads where the advertiser was willing (and able) to make a larger payment.
Were a mail-reader program equipped with the ability to collect such payments and change the ranking of ads, it seems logical to believe that one of the most frequently-chosen options would be one which presented the highest-paying ads FIRST, then the others in decending order of value.
There are multiple levels of self-interest at work here, reinforcing themselves.  First, in the short term, advertisers who pay more make you, the customer, richer.  But more importantly, if the customer preferentially reads high-payment ads, over the medium-term  the advertisers will tend to get the idea and will raise their payments to whatever they feel they must to get your attention.  Further, in the long term giving more business to advertisers who pay customers more will tend to strengthen those advertisers, leading to their dominance in the industry.
In short, like Darwin's natural-selection concept, the idea of including payments with unsolicited ads will simply take over.  In fact, at some point the concept of sending unsolicited product or service advertising (at least on the Internet) WITHOUT including a gratuity will become as gauche as exiting a restaurant without leaving a tip.   At that point, the behavior of millions of potential customers will, in effort, ENFORCE the practice, because the vast majority of the public will simply ignore advertising by rude, un-generous people.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-23 14:48:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Dark Times Ahead 
I'd sure like to know how they figure out what "society" really wants to do!  In April of 1993, which the original Clipper chip/system was proposed, not all that many people had even heard of the Internet, and far fewer were aware of the details of encryption.  Surely they didn't mean to suggest that "society" was in favor of Clipper?  Blissfully ignorant, perhaps, but not in favor!  (B^)
Obviously, with their "If you only knew what we know" they'll claim that the public would have favored Clipper if it knew the real problems, but the way I see it, if they REALLY believed that there was a serious threat to anything other than merely their jobs, they would have done a better job convincing the public.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-23 17:08:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CIA Lie 
You could have said to them, "If you can't find anything, maybe you could make something up, okay?"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-23 18:23:12
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: It is time to break Authenticode 
I can think of an easier way.  If the goal is simply to demonstrate that the system can be broken, how about offering a not-insignificant amount of money to anonymous person who manages to successfully get code signed?  No exposure is necessary, just the signature done once.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-02-27 22:49:41
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: DNSSEC Encryption for DNS registration and ITAR Nonsense 
When Clipper was a new proposal, a reporter stated that Clipper-equipped telephones were going to be exportable...to anywhere except terrorist-supporting countries like Libya and Iraq.  My first reaction was, if those chips had their keys escrowed within reach of the US government, WHAT DID IT MATTER that the phones get exported to Libya?!?  In fact, they'd presumably want to airdrop them there, right?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-04 17:10:29
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Timmy's Lost It: [Was Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice] 
I don't fault you for being "elitist."  However, Rich Graves was right: I think that  cryptoanarchy, while obviously eliminating taxation and income redistribution sounds cozy for economic elites, actually also eliminates the basis for those elites to be formed in the first place.  To cite just one example that will hit close to home for you, without copyrights or patents (which are, obviously, monopolies enforced by governments) it would be far harder for companies such as Intel to maintain a near-monopoly on the DOS-compatible microprocessor market.
And it has long been observed in libertarian discussion circles that far from hating regulation, most large (American; and others) corporations actually receive a net benefit from it as compared with smaller companies:  The cost of complying with regulations doesn't increase linearly with the size of company, which means that those same regulations are a way of fighting competition if they are played right.  Bring in crypto-anarchy and this effect is no longer operating.
Despite all this, I still see nothing inconsistent in even an "elitist" pushing for crypto-anarchy:  The current political system has become so dramatically inefficient and keeps so many people (through welfare, Socialist Insecurity, and government employment) well-fed through income redistribution, that I think finally even an "elitist" would be happy to chuck the whole system and adopt a crypto-anarchy-equalized system.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-04 22:49:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
You figured it out, too, huh?!?   Take the word "devil," remove the vowels and you get dvl.  Rearrange slightly, and it's "dlv."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-05 14:40:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
The devil you say!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-07 00:57:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: High-tech tracking by police raises legal outcry 
This wouldn't do a great deal of good.  The systems were already described as frequency-hopping.  The hops are probably fast enough to outwit a scanner's receiver.
However,  it turns out that there is a comparatively simple way to detect such transmitters:  An old-fashioned diode detector using modern components.  Take a loop of wire (about a foot in diameter), add a microwave-capable signal diode to rectify the signal and send it to a small capacitor and then go to a DVM.  (digital voltmeter.)   (Sensitivity can be dramatically increased by also inserting a blocking capacitor in the loop and adding enough DC voltage to barely forward-bias the diode.)   A momentary (or continuous) increase in output voltage indicates that the diode is rectifying AC, which indicates a transmitter.  Buffering the DC-level signal and sending it to a set of earphones will indicate a pulsed transmitter.
Interestingly, this is probably more or less the circuit that was originally used in 1970's Fuzzbuster-type radar receivers before the heterodyne systems were developed.  The "disadvantages" of that circuit, in microwave-radar detection, are either not disadvantages or are in fact advantages in hidden-transmitter hunting.  The first "disadvantage" was that this receiver was EXTREMELY broadband, practically "DC-to-daylight," or at least up to the rectification capability of the diode chosen.   (I've implemented systems that will do 20 gigahertz easy, and I was using old diodes!)   False triggers were a common result, due to hard-to-avoid rectification of CB and ham radio transmissions for example.   In the case of transmitter hunting, that disadvantage is a solid advantage, because you don't need to know what frequency the transmitter is at.
The second disadvantage, comparatively low sensitivity, was a problem if you're trying to detect a 100 milliwatt radar transmitter 300 meters away, but if you know you only have to search a car from a meter away, the inverse-square law indicates that you're going to see a signal with around 100,000 times the power level all other things being equal.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-07 23:05:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Upcoming DES Challenge 
This was exactly my concern months ago.  PC's are remarkably _inefficient_ systems for attempting to crack codes.  I recall estimating, quite approximately, that it might take somewhere about $500,000 of electricity cost alone to check all 2**56 possible decrypts, most of which is going to power unnecessary components.  (monitors, hard drives, sound cards, modem cards, etc, etc, etc.)   By doing the decrypts on PCs (term used generically; it applies just as well to Mac's, PowerPC's, DEC Alpha's, etc)  we make it look like DES is better than it really is.
But I'm under no illusion.  As the saying went, "When the only tool you have is a hammer, you treat every problem as if it were a nail.)  People have PC's, and will use them.  Let me suggest, however, that somebody familiar with the details of DES and FPGA's (or other kinds of high-density programmable logic) figure out a ballpark estimate of how much it would cost to implement a minimalist DES-cracker in hardware.  Don't do it, just estimate it.  Then, when somebody has finally cracked that DES message and someone the news media is trying to suggest that this was an expensive effort, a more economical figure will be quotable.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-11 21:53:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Private Idaho source code now available 
The "enables cryptography" thing just doesn't cut it.  A computer "enables cryptography" to a person without a computer.  The MSDOS operating system "enables cryptography" to a person with a computer but without an OS.  A hard disk with a filesystem "enables cryptography" by providing an intermediate data storage location (and format) for encrypted and unencrypted data, as well as the encryption program.  Even a modem program or mail program "enables cryptography", or at least enables the transmission of encrypted data, etc.
Apparently, the phrase "enable cryptography" is either just about meaningless, or is so broad as to be not usable to determine which items are exportable and which aren't.  How about narrowing it down a bit?  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-14 19:27:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
It's called duplex echo.  Whenever you convert 2-wire audio to 4-wire (two pair) you're going to get a reflection.  The cell-phone company can't perfectly match the impedances connecting to the local  phonecos, and so a little signal gets reflected.  Actually, this is desireable locally because it acts as feedback to the speaker, as long as the reflection is kept within reason.   The result is that both sides of the communication are hearable in the radio signals.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-14 20:28:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
I disagree.  Not that cellphone eavesdropping is illegal, it is; I disagree that the REASON it is illegal is some sort of expectation of privacy.  And I also disagree that there is any expectation of privacy.  If anything, the opposite should be true:  Unless a person was (falsely) under the impression that the radio signals were encrypted (which, in itself, requires that a person be technologically-literate enough to be aware of the technical possibility that radio CAN BE encrypted, but also implies knowing that they might not be...) then the very fact that the signals go by radio would imply the possibility of reception by others with reasonably simple radios.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-14 20:28:20
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
"Pecularities"?  If anything, the peculiarities would have been within _US_ law, and not international law. As I understand it, most people cite the requirement that an invention patent must be applied-for BEFORE disclosure as a requirement for most international patents, which explained by RSA wasn't patented outside of the US.  Alone, that would have denied non-US patents to RSA.   However, such an explanation grandly ignores the fact that computer software (let alone mathematics in general) was not considered patentable ANYWHERE (?) before public-key systems made their appearance in 1976.
It also ignores the strong likelihood that the reason for the Patent-Office policy change (done, apparently, without benefit of a corresponding law change) was because with public-key/RSA there was finally an example of software the government wished to deny to the average citizen, and the only mechanism (short of secrecy, which was broken) to do so was to patent it.  I'm still waiting for an "innocent" explanation for the US patent office beginning to issue software patents.  I don't think there is one.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-16 21:14:22
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Debunking rumors -- Re: ARKANSAS BANS PHONE SCRAMBLERS 
The strangest part of this story is that I haven't even heard of the product they've described above.  The number given sounds like a serial number, NOT a product number.  Somehow, I think that it would have been covered around here by now if it were real.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-20 22:32:15
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
So what year was that?
No, it's not JUST politics.  It's also (im)practicality.  Even if, arguably, software OUGHT TO be patentable, going from a time in which software wasn't patentable to software patentability is essentially impossible.  First, it requires (or, at least, ought to require, if they were to do it right...which they didn't) a searchable compilation of all previously existing software ideas and constructs to ensure that obvious or previously-existing ideas were not given patents.  Since prior to about 1976 there was no motivation on anyone's part to collect such a database (secrecy being the most useful protection) then it was practically guaranteed that the Patent Office would be unable (or unwilling???) to refuse to grant patents on old ideas.
Further, unlike a lot of big-ticket engineering, programming can be done by individuals with a relatively low-cost computer.  Many if not most of the software constructs that were later called "patentable" were probably actually invented by people who had no interest in patenting them...and the few greedy ones who did were given the rewards.  That's not fair, particularly when they may have been invented during a time in which software patents were known to be impossible to get.
Also, since unlike other areas of engineering current programmers didn't have to pay for previous software constructs ("do-loops were free") there should have been distinct limits on the royalties that anybody could ask for in software-patent cases.  Another problem is that much of the costs of most software companies are personnel and advertising.  Any realistic royalty system (even assuming all other problems were solved) would have to determine what portion of a program's functionality was attributable to a patented concept, which I assert is essentially impossible.  Do you charge for execution time? (the guy who patents the "wait loop" would make a fortune!)  Length of code?   Number of times called? Royalties must, presumably, be limited to a reasonable and practical level, and also (obviously) they may also have to be divided among a number of potential claimants, in the same way that (for instance) a car manufacturer may have to pay royalties on potentially hundreds or even thousands of patents to sell a single car.  If no mechanism currently exists to arrive at a fair division of such royalties (about 20 years after the patents for the various encryption systems were filed) , I think it may be presumed that nobody seriously believes that this is possible.
In short, I think it's absolutely foolish to believe that any sort of workable system could ever have been arranged to patent software, even if all of the issues above had been addressed fairly.  And the reason I asked for an "innocent" explanation is to give people the benefit of the doubt so that they could show that the system was working.  It isn't, and you know it. It's not surprising that no REAL LAWYERS (tm) around here were willing to tackle this issue.  They know it's all a fraud.
Actually, I don't think they REALLY "have the power."   What I mean by this is simple:  Since American patents are supposedly grantable for applications filed  up to one year prior, there is no guarantee that they will even see a patent application to grant until  long after the cat is out of the bag.    For instance, there was
Why should they have to publish in FOREIGN journals?    Like I said before, since up to one year can elapse after disclosure (and, apparently, even longer in the case of the DHM patent, submission to ANY journal, not merely domestic ones, should do to prevent NSA's tricks.  (and today, publishing on the Internet should achieve exactly the same results.)  Richard Schoeppel commented this way:
"Roger Schlafly has made a reasonable case that the DHM patent is
invalid because the invention was "published" more than a year before
the patent was filed.  (He dug up a copy of a preprint they were
circulating with a stamped received-date of ?May 1976?.)"
What are we to conclude?  These sleazebags can't even follow their own rules!  Look, I asked for an INNOCENT explanation of software patents.  INNOCENT explanations don't include the obvious kind of scams pulled like this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-21 06:57:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
So what year was that?
No, it's not JUST politics.  It's also (im)practicality.  Even if, arguably, software OUGHT TO be patentable, going from a time in which software wasn't patentable to software patentability is essentially impossible.  First, it requires (or, at least, ought to require, if they were to do it right...which they didn't) a searchable compilation of all previously existing software ideas and constructs to ensure that obvious or previously-existing ideas were not given patents.  Since prior to about 1976 there was no motivation on anyone's part to collect such a database (secrecy being the most useful protection) then it was practically guaranteed that the Patent Office would be unable (or unwilling???) to refuse to grant patents on old ideas.
Further, unlike a lot of big-ticket engineering, programming can be done by individuals with a relatively low-cost computer.  Many if not most of the software constructs that were later called "patentable" were probably actually invented by people who had no interest in patenting them...and the few greedy ones who did were given the rewards.  That's not fair, particularly when they may have been invented during a time in which software patents were known to be impossible to get.
Also, since unlike other areas of engineering current programmers didn't have to pay for previous software constructs ("do-loops were free") there should have been distinct limits on the royalties that anybody could ask for in software-patent cases.  Another problem is that much of the costs of most software companies are personnel and advertising.  Any realistic royalty system (even assuming all other problems were solved) would have to determine what portion of a program's functionality was attributable to a patented concept, which I assert is essentially impossible.  Do you charge for execution time? (the guy who patents the "wait loop" would make a fortune!)  Length of code?   Number of times called? Royalties must, presumably, be limited to a reasonable and practical level, and also (obviously) they may also have to be divided among a number of potential claimants, in the same way that (for instance) a car manufacturer may have to pay royalties on potentially hundreds or even thousands of patents to sell a single car.  If no mechanism currently exists to arrive at a fair division of such royalties (about 20 years after the patents for the various encryption systems were filed) , I think it may be presumed that nobody seriously believes that this is possible.
In short, I think it's absolutely foolish to believe that any sort of workable system could ever have been arranged to patent software, even if all of the issues above had been addressed fairly.  And the reason I asked for an "innocent" explanation is to give people the benefit of the doubt so that they could show that the system was working.  It isn't, and you know it. It's not surprising that no REAL LAWYERS (tm) around here were willing to tackle this issue.  They know it's all a fraud.
Actually, I don't think they REALLY "have the power."   What I mean by this is simple:  Since American patents are supposedly grantable for applications filed  up to one year prior, there is no guarantee that they will even see a patent application to grant until  long after the cat is out of the bag.    For instance, there was
Why should they have to publish in FOREIGN journals?    Like I said before, since up to one year can elapse after disclosure (and, apparently, even longer in the case of the DHM patent, submission to ANY journal, not merely domestic ones, should do to prevent NSA's tricks.  (and today, publishing on the Internet should achieve exactly the same results.)  Richard Schoeppel commented this way:
"Roger Schlafly has made a reasonable case that the DHM patent is
invalid because the invention was "published" more than a year before
the patent was filed.  (He dug up a copy of a preprint they were
circulating with a stamped received-date of ?May 1976?.)"
What are we to conclude?  These sleazebags can't even follow their own rules!  Look, I asked for an INNOCENT explanation of software patents.  INNOCENT explanations don't include the obvious kind of scams pulled like this.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:07:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Scandinavian Goverments provide PGP to postal customers... 
I suppose this is good news.  I just hope they implement a system, like Chaum's low-knowledge/zero-knowledge systems, which make it difficult or impossible for snoops or tampered hardware to leak useful information.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:55:58
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Scandinavian Goverments provide PGP to postal customers... 
I suppose this is good news.  I just hope they implement a system, like Chaum's low-knowledge/zero-knowledge systems, which make it difficult or impossible for snoops or tampered hardware to leak useful information.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 16:41:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cellular location... 
It would only be marginally reliable.  GPS signals are so weak (coming from satellites in 11,000 mile orbits) that reception outdoors is sometimes iffy if the signals have to go through foliage.  Reception indoors is probably only rarely do-able.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:00:49
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
"I have a solution to that problem."
Seriously!  Look, I've proposed what I consider to be a remarkably consistent method to prevent the kind of political tyranny that you criticize, and I don't see any recognition of this fact.  For the benefit of the masses, the AP ("Assassination Politics") solution to, for example, the Iraq problem would be to allow anyone and everyone in the world to donate money towards the death of Saddam Hussein, and any leadership which survives him, until that leadership satisfies the public that they won't be following in Hussein's footsteps.  Simple.  Economical.  And, dare I say it, fair.
I believe that the Coalition spent $60 BILLION dollars doing the Iraq war, and they didn't even get rid of Saddam.  I'm sure AP would have done the task for under $100 million, and possibly far less. (and that money would have been collected by donation, not stolen in taxes.  Much of that money would have come from the Iraqi people themselves, BTW.)
 There would be few if any civilian casualities, no hunger or poverty caused among the people.  Even their soldiers would be relatively unaffected, except that their militaries (as well as ours) would be disbanded.
Reminds me of the punchline to that joke.
"He sent two boats and a helicopter!  What more did you want?!?"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:10:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cellular location... 
It would only be marginally reliable.  GPS signals are so weak (coming from satellites in 11,000 mile orbits) that reception outdoors is sometimes iffy if the signals have to go through foliage.  Reception indoors is probably only rarely do-able.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 17:52:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: David Kahn advocates GAK 
It's odd that I can't seem to find the original message here.  Contrary to the original claim, encryption over radio is generally legal.   (One noted exception to this is ham radio...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:27:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
"I have a solution to that problem."
Seriously!  Look, I've proposed what I consider to be a remarkably consistent method to prevent the kind of political tyranny that you criticize, and I don't see any recognition of this fact.  For the benefit of the masses, the AP ("Assassination Politics") solution to, for example, the Iraq problem would be to allow anyone and everyone in the world to donate money towards the death of Saddam Hussein, and any leadership which survives him, until that leadership satisfies the public that they won't be following in Hussein's footsteps.  Simple.  Economical.  And, dare I say it, fair.
I believe that the Coalition spent $60 BILLION dollars doing the Iraq war, and they didn't even get rid of Saddam.  I'm sure AP would have done the task for under $100 million, and possibly far less. (and that money would have been collected by donation, not stolen in taxes.  Much of that money would have come from the Iraqi people themselves, BTW.)
 There would be few if any civilian casualities, no hunger or poverty caused among the people.  Even their soldiers would be relatively unaffected, except that their militaries (as well as ours) would be disbanded.
Reminds me of the punchline to that joke.
"He sent two boats and a helicopter!  What more did you want?!?"
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:28:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: David Kahn advocates GAK 
It's odd that I can't seem to find the original message here.  Contrary to the original claim, encryption over radio is generally legal.   (One noted exception to this is ham radio...)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 14:17:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
On the contrary, in some jurisdictions libel is indeed a crime. However, that doesn't mean that prosecutions happen anymore, but the laws are (in some places) still  on the books.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 14:52:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
On the contrary, in some jurisdictions libel is indeed a crime. However, that doesn't mean that prosecutions happen anymore, but the laws are (in some places) still  on the books.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 14:52:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
On the contrary, in some jurisdictions libel is indeed a crime. However, that doesn't mean that prosecutions happen anymore, but the laws are (in some places) still  on the books.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 22:48:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Because it's on-topic, that's why.  Because it's not merely a list concerning METHODS of encryption, it's also about the _reasons_ for using encryption, as well as the _effects_ (both small-scale and large-scale) of using encryption.  If we were satisfied to protect ourselves from, say, 99.999% of the ordinary population of this country who might want to read our messages, we'd all be satisfied with DES and we'd be happy with GAK.  But the fact is, most of us recognize that the REAL reason for good encryption is to keep our messages away from a tyrannical government with far more assets than individuals or small organizations.
You need to be a little more specific about who you are referring to when you say "the Iraquis."  Presumably, you aren't referring to the "Iraqui on the street"?  Perhaps you're talking about the politicians and government officials there, right?
Well, if that's the case then the answer should be obvious.  AP is, fundamentally, a system that will take down all governments everywhere after it starts up anywhere.  The leadership of Iraq may be the leaders of a third-rate, third-world country, but as comedian Mel Brooks said in the movie, "History of the World, Part I," "It's good to be the king!"   And it is.
These official-types have far more in common with the leadership of the other countries than they do with their own citizens.  If anything, they're probably actually even MORE rewarded by their position than the leadership of westernized countries.  After all, Clinton makes about $250K per year and it's pretty risky for him to receive direct bribes.  Kick him out and he only loses a cushy job with lots of prestige.   Saddam Hussein and his family, on the other hand, probably was able to rake in hundreds of millions of dollars a year in baksheesh.  What makes you think that the leadership of Iraq would want to craft a weapon (AP) which is guaranteed to drop them to the level of their citizenry, or maybe even get themselves killed?  As for why the ordinary Iraquis didn't think of it...  Or the ordinary people of any or every country, as well.  Why didn't THEY think of it?  Maybe this is just another case of "not invented here" syndrome:  You're pissed off that you didn't think of it, and I did.  Sorry, can't help that. That's just it!  The Mafia DOESN'T use AP or anything like it.  (Admittedly I can't really claim personal knowledge of the operation of the Mafia, you understand...!)  In fact, apparently, they function diametrically opposed to the AP system.  A complete AP-like system is structured (via encryption, etc) to totally avoid anybody having to trust anyone else. Each participant is kept honest mathematically.  Nobody can inform on anyone else, because nobody knows anyone else's identity. In fact, a fully-implemented AP-type system not merely hides the identities of the participants from each other, but it also hides the existence of crimes committed by any of the other participants (if any) from each other.  A donor to the AP system, for instance, can't know for sure that his donation money was paid to a person who killed a target.  At most, he knows that the money was paid to somebody who, he's satisfied, had enough confidence that the death would occur on a particular date in the future to, in effect, bet money on the outcome.
And AP allows anyone to participate in the system, regardless of whether he's trusted by the others.
On the contrary, the Mafia, or at least what I've managed to pick up from decades of melodramatic movies and newspaper and magazine articles, depends intimately on people trusting each other.  That's why it's so devastating to them when one of their own (Joseph Valachi, for instance) turns on them and rats.  To be sure, that trust is backed up by threat of death for turncoats, which is why such defections are rare, but they do indeed occur.
Also, AP (quite unlike the Mafia) encourages literally anyone to do jobs for it.  The Mafia, quite the contrary, must trust people, so I assume they won't farm out their work to just anyone.
(I should point out that your clear misinterpretation of AP, claiming that it is the way the Mafia does things, is just another example of such confusion among critics of AP.  I attribute this to such a burning desire to discredit AP that you'll use practically any argument, however specious, to "prove" it to be incorrect or unworkable.  You're not alone.)
Remember "power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely"?  The problem with all existing political systems (and particularly those fallen ones from the past) is that they put power in the hands of people who subsequently abuse it, destroying the checks and balances that were put in place.  You misunderstand AP, yet again.  AP doesn't really take votes, it merely totals donations.  It is an essential element of the AP system that even a tiny minority should be able to kill individuals who are seen as threats, as long as this capability is universal.  True, the smaller the minority the more uneconomical such an action would be for them, but it would be well within the ability of 1% of the population to avoid a another Holocaust by getting rid of those pushing for it.
In the current political system, in the US for instance, 51% of the population is able to screw the remaining 49%, just as long as they can maintain the majority.  Or, perhaps even more accurately and ominously, a tiny fraction of the population (the current leadership class) is able to screw the 49%, as long as they have the un-thinking backing of the remaining and relatively uninvolved 51%.
AP disables this system.  AP turns government into the moral equivalent of a pick-up football game:  Nobody is being forced to play, and everybody and anybody can simply "get up and leave" whenever he wants to.  The moment the "rules of the game" to make an individual's continued participation unsatisfying, he can leave.
I don't think so.  Let's suppose you could purchase the death of Saddam for $5 million.  The next guy gets killed for another $5 million, and then the next, etc.  Who would want to be the next leader?  While $5 million dollars is certainly not pocket change for an individual, it is well within the capacity of the entire world to fund without any difficulty.   Anybody considering taking over Saddam's job, aware of such an easy system to kill him, would have no motivation to piss off the world.  Sooner or later, Saddam's place would have to be taken by a person who makes it absolutely clear to the rest of the world that he's no Saddam.  In fact, he'll point out that he would be foolish to take the job if he had ulterior motives.  Unless you believe that it's physically impossible for Iraq to have an honest government (at which point you're displaying what I believe was called jingoism?) you'll acknowledge that their system would be fixed rapidly.
That's why AP will be so economical:  The absolute certainty that enough money could be raised to get rid of anyone who poses a threat will make it simply unnecessary to do so, the vast majority of the time.  It's called "deterrence," and is one of the reasons that 99.99% of the population doesn't rob banks, commit mass murder, or do any other anti-social things.  Dictatorships will be impossible under AP because dictators simply won't be able to survive.  By being ready at all times to pay to have a dictator killed, society will never have any dictators.  Strange but true.
Saddam is still in power because as long as the collective leadership of the countries of the world fear to set an example that will cost them their jobs and possibly their lives, they will gladly choose the $60 BILLION dollar "solution" to the Iraq problem, as opposed to my solution, AP, which would not only fix Iraq but every other country on the face of the globe.  That's why the leadership will never choose it.  The fact is, George Bush and his cronies kept Saddam in power by intentional acts, although he would never admit it.
  It was the same with Hitler and I assert AP does this quite well.   AP makes it quite impossible to maintain a government which pisses off even a small fraction of the population.  Anyone who feels abused in the citizen/government relationship will be able to opt out when he wants.  "Abused", by my definition, is getting less benefit out of the arrangement than that person wants in relation to the assets he put in.   "Governments" may still exist after AP, but in name only.  They will not have the ability to force taxation, and they will primarily be a way to coordinate volunteer action, and will be dramatically shrunk from today's behemoths.  Such a government can't be corrupted:  To whatever extent that corruption makes that government a less-attractive as a project to an honest citizen, he will leave it and it will shrink, making it even less able to support that corruption.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-27 23:10:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Because it's on-topic, that's why.  Because it's not merely a list concerning METHODS of encryption, it's also about the _reasons_ for using encryption, as well as the _effects_ (both small-scale and large-scale) of using encryption.  If we were satisfied to protect ourselves from, say, 99.999% of the ordinary population of this country who might want to read our messages, we'd all be satisfied with DES and we'd be happy with GAK.  But the fact is, most of us recognize that the REAL reason for good encryption is to keep our messages away from a tyrannical government with far more assets than individuals or small organizations.
You need to be a little more specific about who you are referring to when you say "the Iraquis."  Presumably, you aren't referring to the "Iraqui on the street"?  Perhaps you're talking about the politicians and government officials there, right?
Well, if that's the case then the answer should be obvious.  AP is, fundamentally, a system that will take down all governments everywhere after it starts up anywhere.  The leadership of Iraq may be the leaders of a third-rate, third-world country, but as comedian Mel Brooks said in the movie, "History of the World, Part I," "It's good to be the king!"   And it is.
These official-types have far more in common with the leadership of the other countries than they do with their own citizens.  If anything, they're probably actually even MORE rewarded by their position than the leadership of westernized countries.  After all, Clinton makes about $250K per year and it's pretty risky for him to receive direct bribes.  Kick him out and he only loses a cushy job with lots of prestige.   Saddam Hussein and his family, on the other hand, probably was able to rake in hundreds of millions of dollars a year in baksheesh.  What makes you think that the leadership of Iraq would want to craft a weapon (AP) which is guaranteed to drop them to the level of their citizenry, or maybe even get themselves killed?  As for why the ordinary Iraquis didn't think of it...  Or the ordinary people of any or every country, as well.  Why didn't THEY think of it?  Maybe this is just another case of "not invented here" syndrome:  You're pissed off that you didn't think of it, and I did.  Sorry, can't help that. That's just it!  The Mafia DOESN'T use AP or anything like it.  (Admittedly I can't really claim personal knowledge of the operation of the Mafia, you understand...!)  In fact, apparently, they function diametrically opposed to the AP system.  A complete AP-like system is structured (via encryption, etc) to totally avoid anybody having to trust anyone else. Each participant is kept honest mathematically.  Nobody can inform on anyone else, because nobody knows anyone else's identity. In fact, a fully-implemented AP-type system not merely hides the identities of the participants from each other, but it also hides the existence of crimes committed by any of the other participants (if any) from each other.  A donor to the AP system, for instance, can't know for sure that his donation money was paid to a person who killed a target.  At most, he knows that the money was paid to somebody who, he's satisfied, had enough confidence that the death would occur on a particular date in the future to, in effect, bet money on the outcome.
And AP allows anyone to participate in the system, regardless of whether he's trusted by the others.
On the contrary, the Mafia, or at least what I've managed to pick up from decades of melodramatic movies and newspaper and magazine articles, depends intimately on people trusting each other.  That's why it's so devastating to them when one of their own (Joseph Valachi, for instance) turns on them and rats.  To be sure, that trust is backed up by threat of death for turncoats, which is why such defections are rare, but they do indeed occur.
Also, AP (quite unlike the Mafia) encourages literally anyone to do jobs for it.  The Mafia, quite the contrary, must trust people, so I assume they won't farm out their work to just anyone.
(I should point out that your clear misinterpretation of AP, claiming that it is the way the Mafia does things, is just another example of such confusion among critics of AP.  I attribute this to such a burning desire to discredit AP that you'll use practically any argument, however specious, to "prove" it to be incorrect or unworkable.  You're not alone.)
Remember "power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely"?  The problem with all existing political systems (and particularly those fallen ones from the past) is that they put power in the hands of people who subsequently abuse it, destroying the checks and balances that were put in place.  You misunderstand AP, yet again.  AP doesn't really take votes, it merely totals donations.  It is an essential element of the AP system that even a tiny minority should be able to kill individuals who are seen as threats, as long as this capability is universal.  True, the smaller the minority the more uneconomical such an action would be for them, but it would be well within the ability of 1% of the population to avoid a another Holocaust by getting rid of those pushing for it.
In the current political system, in the US for instance, 51% of the population is able to screw the remaining 49%, just as long as they can maintain the majority.  Or, perhaps even more accurately and ominously, a tiny fraction of the population (the current leadership class) is able to screw the 49%, as long as they have the un-thinking backing of the remaining and relatively uninvolved 51%.
AP disables this system.  AP turns government into the moral equivalent of a pick-up football game:  Nobody is being forced to play, and everybody and anybody can simply "get up and leave" whenever he wants to.  The moment the "rules of the game" to make an individual's continued participation unsatisfying, he can leave.
I don't think so.  Let's suppose you could purchase the death of Saddam for $5 million.  The next guy gets killed for another $5 million, and then the next, etc.  Who would want to be the next leader?  While $5 million dollars is certainly not pocket change for an individual, it is well within the capacity of the entire world to fund without any difficulty.   Anybody considering taking over Saddam's job, aware of such an easy system to kill him, would have no motivation to piss off the world.  Sooner or later, Saddam's place would have to be taken by a person who makes it absolutely clear to the rest of the world that he's no Saddam.  In fact, he'll point out that he would be foolish to take the job if he had ulterior motives.  Unless you believe that it's physically impossible for Iraq to have an honest government (at which point you're displaying what I believe was called jingoism?) you'll acknowledge that their system would be fixed rapidly.
That's why AP will be so economical:  The absolute certainty that enough money could be raised to get rid of anyone who poses a threat will make it simply unnecessary to do so, the vast majority of the time.  It's called "deterrence," and is one of the reasons that 99.99% of the population doesn't rob banks, commit mass murder, or do any other anti-social things.  Dictatorships will be impossible under AP because dictators simply won't be able to survive.  By being ready at all times to pay to have a dictator killed, society will never have any dictators.  Strange but true.
Saddam is still in power because as long as the collective leadership of the countries of the world fear to set an example that will cost them their jobs and possibly their lives, they will gladly choose the $60 BILLION dollar "solution" to the Iraq problem, as opposed to my solution, AP, which would not only fix Iraq but every other country on the face of the globe.  That's why the leadership will never choose it.  The fact is, George Bush and his cronies kept Saddam in power by intentional acts, although he would never admit it.
  It was the same with Hitler and I assert AP does this quite well.   AP makes it quite impossible to maintain a government which pisses off even a small fraction of the population.  Anyone who feels abused in the citizen/government relationship will be able to opt out when he wants.  "Abused", by my definition, is getting less benefit out of the arrangement than that person wants in relation to the assets he put in.   "Governments" may still exist after AP, but in name only.  They will not have the ability to force taxation, and they will primarily be a way to coordinate volunteer action, and will be dramatically shrunk from today's behemoths.  Such a government can't be corrupted:  To whatever extent that corruption makes that government a less-attractive as a project to an honest citizen, he will leave it and it will shrink, making it even less able to support that corruption.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 19:44:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
You'd think that, wouldn't you?  Yes, I agree that those laws are unconstitutional, but so is about 90+% of what the Federal government does today.  Sigh.
Criminal libel statutes are apparently (in the US, at least) a holdover from an earlier era in which government took the place of King George, and wanted the power to punish people who were too outspoken.  The fact that they are "never" (?) used anymore is presumably a reflection of their unconstitutionality.  Criminal libel statues should also be considered unconstitutional because they give way too much leeway to the prosecutor to decide whom to prosecute.  His friends will never be charged, but his enemies will.
One obvious problem with the LACK of a criminal libel statute, from the standpoint of the "government-controlling-class," or "the bigshots," is that it's impossible to sue (and collect from) a (comparatively) poor person for defaming him...but it's still possible to put him in jail.  Civil libel is, therefore, essentially useless to a government agent as a means of keeping the masses in line.  Myself, I believe that libel should be eliminated as a cause of action in civil cases as well as it has, de facto, in the criminal area.  If anything, the ability to sue for libel makes things worse:  There is an illusion that this is easy and straightforward, if not economical.  It is neither.  The result is that people are actually MORE likely to believe a printed falsehood because they incorrectly assume that if it wasn't true, it couldn't be printed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-28 20:11:02
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
You'd think that, wouldn't you?  Yes, I agree that those laws are unconstitutional, but so is about 90+% of what the Federal government does today.  Sigh.
Criminal libel statutes are apparently (in the US, at least) a holdover from an earlier era in which government took the place of King George, and wanted the power to punish people who were too outspoken.  The fact that they are "never" (?) used anymore is presumably a reflection of their unconstitutionality.  Criminal libel statues should also be considered unconstitutional because they give way too much leeway to the prosecutor to decide whom to prosecute.  His friends will never be charged, but his enemies will.
One obvious problem with the LACK of a criminal libel statute, from the standpoint of the "government-controlling-class," or "the bigshots," is that it's impossible to sue (and collect from) a (comparatively) poor person for defaming him...but it's still possible to put him in jail.  Civil libel is, therefore, essentially useless to a government agent as a means of keeping the masses in line.  Myself, I believe that libel should be eliminated as a cause of action in civil cases as well as it has, de facto, in the criminal area.  If anything, the ability to sue for libel makes things worse:  There is an illusion that this is easy and straightforward, if not economical.  It is neither.  The result is that people are actually MORE likely to believe a printed falsehood because they incorrectly assume that if it wasn't true, it couldn't be printed.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 18:33:04
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
<5ch9f2$cuu at life.ai.mit.edu>...
"I love you too!  B^)
Question:  What is a "whacko solution"?  Why do you believe AP qualifies?   Can you list any other "solutions" which are, indeed, "solutions" which are NOT "whacko" by your definition?  (I'm trying to determine whether or not you even agree that there is a problem!)
Let me pose an issue here by counterexample:  Suppose there was a plantation, containing a master and his slaves.  You are told that the slaves are "unhappy". (They're unhappy because they're slaves!!!)  That's a "problem."  Okay, let me propose that there are at least two broad "solutions" to this "problem":  First, change the working conditions just enough to make the slaves acceptably happy.  Or, second, eliminate the slavery altogether.
Both are "solutions".  The first, obviously, is only a "solution" from the stanpoint of the master.  The second appears to be only a "solution" from the standpoint of the slaves, since the master obviously doesn't want to lose his slaves!  Could you legitimately call the second solution a "whacko solution"? (It would be, from the limited standpoint of the master.) How about the first?
That's the problem with using such a poorly-defined term as "whacko" to describe anything, particularly when many people don't agree.  And here's a question:  What do you mean by "credibility"?  I've explained it in enough detail to convince a rather substantial number of intelligent people that it is likely to be possible, and to some it sounds like it is desireable.  A claim which doesn't disprove the functionality of AP one whit.  In fact, quite the opposite:  If AP was, indeed, non-functional, then nobody would bother with me at all.  The fact that you think they would shows that you believe AP threatens SOMEBODY.
This means that your arguments, as minimal as they are, are internally contradictory.  They simply don't hold together.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:28:38
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
<5ch9f2$cuu at life.ai.mit.edu>...
"I love you too!  B^)
Question:  What is a "whacko solution"?  Why do you believe AP qualifies?   Can you list any other "solutions" which are, indeed, "solutions" which are NOT "whacko" by your definition?  (I'm trying to determine whether or not you even agree that there is a problem!)
Let me pose an issue here by counterexample:  Suppose there was a plantation, containing a master and his slaves.  You are told that the slaves are "unhappy". (They're unhappy because they're slaves!!!)  That's a "problem."  Okay, let me propose that there are at least two broad "solutions" to this "problem":  First, change the working conditions just enough to make the slaves acceptably happy.  Or, second, eliminate the slavery altogether.
Both are "solutions".  The first, obviously, is only a "solution" from the stanpoint of the master.  The second appears to be only a "solution" from the standpoint of the slaves, since the master obviously doesn't want to lose his slaves!  Could you legitimately call the second solution a "whacko solution"? (It would be, from the limited standpoint of the master.) How about the first?
That's the problem with using such a poorly-defined term as "whacko" to describe anything, particularly when many people don't agree.  And here's a question:  What do you mean by "credibility"?  I've explained it in enough detail to convince a rather substantial number of intelligent people that it is likely to be possible, and to some it sounds like it is desireable.  A claim which doesn't disprove the functionality of AP one whit.  In fact, quite the opposite:  If AP was, indeed, non-functional, then nobody would bother with me at all.  The fact that you think they would shows that you believe AP threatens SOMEBODY.
This means that your arguments, as minimal as they are, are internally contradictory.  They simply don't hold together.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:42:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
that anything, Sure about that?!?
While admittedly it has been a long time since I've read the entire US Constitution, I am not under the impression that it does what you claim.  Could you be more specific about the particular section which does this?
For the LAWYERS, who are paid regardless of the outcome, that certainly appears to be the case.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:42:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Exactly correct.   I will be killed by AP, my own invention. (however, I will be killed for merely DESCRIBING it, not only if I started the first instance of it.)   Before I'd published the first part of AP, I knew and accepted what was going to happen.  See AP part 7, at the end, quoted here:
"Awe, that a system could be produced by a handful of people that would rid the world of the scourge of war, nuclear weapons, governments, and taxes.  Astonishment, at my realization that once started, it would cover the entire globe inexorably, erasing dictatorships both fascistic and communistic, monarchies, and even so-called "democracies," which as a general rule today are really just the facade of government by the special interests.  Joy, that it would eliminate all war, and force the dismantling not only of all nuclear weapons, but also all militaries, making them not merely redundant but also considered universally dangerous, leaving their "owners" no choice but to dismantle them, and in fact no reason to KEEP them!"
"Terror, too, because this system may just change almost EVERYTHING how we think about our current society, and even more for myself personally, the knowledge that there may some day be a large body of wealthy people who are thrown off their current positions of control of the world's governments, and the very-real possibility that they may look for a "villain" to blame for their downfall.  They will find one, in me, and at that time they will have the money and (thanks to me, at least partially) the means to see their revenge.  But I would not have published this essay if I had been unwilling to accept the risk."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:43:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RC5-12/32/5 contest solved 
This, as I pointed out long ago, is why I didn't think a "crack the DES key" contest is necessarily a good idea, at least if it's ordinary Von-Neumann-type computers doing the searching.  It makes DES look artificially good.
Assuming it's possible to build a chip which tests solutions in a massively-pipelined mode, the 400,000 or so solutions per second tried (for what is probably a $2000 machine) would probably increase to 100 million per second per chip (at a cost of maybe $100 per chip, if implemented in parallel).    That's 5000 times more economical,  which would translate to a find in 2-3 days if the same dollars in hardware were invested.
_THAT_ is the break we should hope the media publicizes, not the one that will eventually happen when accomplished by PCs or Suns, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:56:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: libsln.htm -- Is Libel a Crime? 
that anything, Sure about that?!?
While admittedly it has been a long time since I've read the entire US Constitution, I am not under the impression that it does what you claim.  Could you be more specific about the particular section which does this?
For the LAWYERS, who are paid regardless of the outcome, that certainly appears to be the case.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 20:57:53
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Exactly correct.   I will be killed by AP, my own invention. (however, I will be killed for merely DESCRIBING it, not only if I started the first instance of it.)   Before I'd published the first part of AP, I knew and accepted what was going to happen.  See AP part 7, at the end, quoted here:
"Awe, that a system could be produced by a handful of people that would rid the world of the scourge of war, nuclear weapons, governments, and taxes.  Astonishment, at my realization that once started, it would cover the entire globe inexorably, erasing dictatorships both fascistic and communistic, monarchies, and even so-called "democracies," which as a general rule today are really just the facade of government by the special interests.  Joy, that it would eliminate all war, and force the dismantling not only of all nuclear weapons, but also all militaries, making them not merely redundant but also considered universally dangerous, leaving their "owners" no choice but to dismantle them, and in fact no reason to KEEP them!"
"Terror, too, because this system may just change almost EVERYTHING how we think about our current society, and even more for myself personally, the knowledge that there may some day be a large body of wealthy people who are thrown off their current positions of control of the world's governments, and the very-real possibility that they may look for a "villain" to blame for their downfall.  They will find one, in me, and at that time they will have the money and (thanks to me, at least partially) the means to see their revenge.  But I would not have published this essay if I had been unwilling to accept the risk."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 21:11:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: RC5-12/32/5 contest solved 
This, as I pointed out long ago, is why I didn't think a "crack the DES key" contest is necessarily a good idea, at least if it's ordinary Von-Neumann-type computers doing the searching.  It makes DES look artificially good.
Assuming it's possible to build a chip which tests solutions in a massively-pipelined mode, the 400,000 or so solutions per second tried (for what is probably a $2000 machine) would probably increase to 100 million per second per chip (at a cost of maybe $100 per chip, if implemented in parallel).    That's 5000 times more economical,  which would translate to a find in 2-3 days if the same dollars in hardware were invested.
_THAT_ is the break we should hope the media publicizes, not the one that will eventually happen when accomplished by PCs or Suns, etc.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 22:55:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sovreign Right of Lawful Access 
I think that terminology is odd. They're getting desperate.  "Soverign Right of Lawful Access" doesn't state HOW DIFFICULT that "access" is to be.  Interpreted broadly, that would outlaw any encryption even if it only impeded that access a tiny bit!
Or under an alternative interpretation, the mere fact that it is hypothetically possible to decrypt a message means that nothing (other than mathematical improbability) stands in the way of doing the decrypt.
Also, it didn't say SECRET ACCESS, although experience tells us that they (the thugs) probably assume this.  I've long pointed out that ordinary search warrants require informing people who are being searched, even if they're not home and assuming the thugs didn't trash the place the way they frequently like to.  I see no reason to believe that the advent of telephone technology in the late 1800's should have retroactively re-written the US Constitution to make secret searches okay.  Technically, the Bill of Rights prohibits "unreasonable searches and siezures," and doesn't specifically mention the secrecy issue, but since (am I correct in this, Real Lawyers ?) the practice up until that time required people searched to be informed of searches, a change in policy that wiretaps could be secret sounds more like taking advantage of a technological windfall, not "discovering" that the Constitution allowed something that had always before been prohibited.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-29 23:10:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Sovreign Right of Lawful Access 
I think that terminology is odd. They're getting desperate.  "Soverign Right of Lawful Access" doesn't state HOW DIFFICULT that "access" is to be.  Interpreted broadly, that would outlaw any encryption even if it only impeded that access a tiny bit!
Or under an alternative interpretation, the mere fact that it is hypothetically possible to decrypt a message means that nothing (other than mathematical improbability) stands in the way of doing the decrypt.
Also, it didn't say SECRET ACCESS, although experience tells us that they (the thugs) probably assume this.  I've long pointed out that ordinary search warrants require informing people who are being searched, even if they're not home and assuming the thugs didn't trash the place the way they frequently like to.  I see no reason to believe that the advent of telephone technology in the late 1800's should have retroactively re-written the US Constitution to make secret searches okay.  Technically, the Bill of Rights prohibits "unreasonable searches and siezures," and doesn't specifically mention the secrecy issue, but since (am I correct in this, Real Lawyers ?) the practice up until that time required people searched to be informed of searches, a change in policy that wiretaps could be secret sounds more like taking advantage of a technological windfall, not "discovering" that the Constitution allowed something that had always before been prohibited.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 10:38:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
No, that doesn't work.  AP does involve money, that's true, but what "the poor" lack in individual assets they make up for in numbers.   And AP implements a sort of "mutual disarmament," by not only preventing that 10% from screwing the 90%, but also prevents the 90% from screwing the 10%.   Question:  Where does he get the money for the reward?  If he gets it through taxation, he'll anger the people who were taxed and they'll pay to see him die.  If he got in through taxation in the past, enough people will STILL be angry enough with him to see him dead.  His employees (the ones who probably have the most opportunity to kill him) would be made just about as wealthy by killing him as taking him up on his odd offer.  Worse, for him, is that he'd lose money paying off those people if they showed they could have "succeeded."  Even if they were not motivated to actually kill him, they'd be motived to SHOW they could kill him, and notice that they'll become just about as rich for KILLING him as merely showing they can!  Notice that your idea also assumes that an employee has to become willing to, in effect, plot against his employer in such a way that he can be assured that his actions won't be incorrectly interpretated as a genuine assassination attempt. How can you (or anyone else?) tell the difference until the plan either succeeds or fails?)  Moreover, how can the employee trust that his boss will actually honor his promise?
I think you're also (falsely) assuming that a deliberately-unsuccessful assassination demonstration immunizes the tyrant from a repeat performance.  True, it's often useful to know what kinds of attacks are possible, but that doesn't mean that the system can be fixed to prevent future repetitions...
The tyrant, then, either loses his life or a lot of money, and he still can't trust anybody.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 10:38:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Your comparison with the fictional Gort, in the movie "The day the earth stood still" is of course apt.  It was only after I'd written most of the essay that I realized that an AP-type system would function much as Gort did.  Occasionally we (CP) see a spoof where somebody claims to have developed a software program to "replace the judicial system" or something like that.  Well, the problem with such a claim (aside from the obvious and enormous AI-type difficulties) is that the current system contains numerous biases.  Writing a program to replace the legal system would presumably require that these biases be measured (and admitted-to!) and implemented into a well-defined system.  What we'd discover is that the current system only barely resembles the guarantees in the US Constitution. At that point, there would be an argument between those who will insist that the Constitution be followed, and those who believe that the current de-facto system, however biased, be maintained as-is.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 10:39:47
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
What you ought to explain to us laymen is that the terminology "actual malice" dates from the case New York Times vs. Sullivan, and it used a definition of "malice" that was not in any dictionary at the time.  My recollection:
Sullivan was a local hero in a particular area in the south in the last 50's (?), gave a speech to a crowd of (?) people who were probably in sympathy with segregation.  They proceeded to march.   Later, the New York Times claimed (as I vaguely recall it, although it's been years since I read a description) that he had instigated a riot.  Sullivan sued, claiming his reputation had been damaged.  Arguably, it had, although it's probably equally arguable that Sullivan had done something that would have been looked upon somewhat unsympathetically by non-Southerners.  The local (southern, of course) jury found NYT guilty of libel, and awarded Sullivan some huge judgment.    (Had the jury been made up of northern people, presumably Sullivan would have lost.)
The problem here is that two long-honored principles collided:  One, the "free speech" issue, generally tries to guarantee organizations like NY Times the right to print the news and the leeway to do so.  The second  principle that people should be able to sue for libel in a local court, and be awarded whatever amount of money the jury declares.  The problem with this was obvious, after the verdict:  It, in effect, allowed essentially any burg in the country, no matter how backwards, potentially to bankrupt any targeted organ of the national news media.  Something had to give.
Unfortunately, the SC screwed up, as usual.  The proper thing for them to do would have been to abandon libel law entirely, recognizing that it did more harm than good.  But they blew it:  They invented the "actual malice" standard out of whole cloth, raising the standard for libel suits by "public figures," which is really a rather arbitrary standard.  Don't go to any ordinary English dictionary for this "malice" definition; it didn't exist before the Sullivan decision, not even in lawbooks.  It was really just a rabbit pulled from a hat to try to avoid the collision I mentioned above.  Side note:  I think that the SC should be unable to re-define ordinary English words.  But they try anyway.
Basically, it became harder to sue well-known persons.  However, what really happened is that they SC had merely put off the problem for another day, because the DEFINITION of a "public figure" was at least as malleable as Jell-O.   And oddly, it was eventually revealed that you could be a "public figure" with respect to one subject, but NOT a "public figure" on another.  Ironically, now that Richard Jewell (incorrectly identified as Atlanta bombing suspect) has sued some newspapers (and his former employer) for libel, it seems likely that at least some of those defendants will try to argue that merely being named by the government as a criminal suspect makes him "a public figure."
BTW, I think that pressing the Richard Jewell incident would be an excellent way to derail any sort of claim that the government can obey the law.  Apparently, they got a number of search warrants based on, essentially, nothing, and to rub this in the government's nose would show that the so-called "probable-cause" standard for warrants is not followed in practice.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:13:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Your comparison with the fictional Gort, in the movie "The day the earth stood still" is of course apt.  It was only after I'd written most of the essay that I realized that an AP-type system would function much as Gort did.  Occasionally we (CP) see a spoof where somebody claims to have developed a software program to "replace the judicial system" or something like that.  Well, the problem with such a claim (aside from the obvious and enormous AI-type difficulties) is that the current system contains numerous biases.  Writing a program to replace the legal system would presumably require that these biases be measured (and admitted-to!) and implemented into a well-defined system.  What we'd discover is that the current system only barely resembles the guarantees in the US Constitution. At that point, there would be an argument between those who will insist that the Constitution be followed, and those who believe that the current de-facto system, however biased, be maintained as-is.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:13:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
No, that doesn't work.  AP does involve money, that's true, but what "the poor" lack in individual assets they make up for in numbers.   And AP implements a sort of "mutual disarmament," by not only preventing that 10% from screwing the 90%, but also prevents the 90% from screwing the 10%.   Question:  Where does he get the money for the reward?  If he gets it through taxation, he'll anger the people who were taxed and they'll pay to see him die.  If he got in through taxation in the past, enough people will STILL be angry enough with him to see him dead.  His employees (the ones who probably have the most opportunity to kill him) would be made just about as wealthy by killing him as taking him up on his odd offer.  Worse, for him, is that he'd lose money paying off those people if they showed they could have "succeeded."  Even if they were not motivated to actually kill him, they'd be motived to SHOW they could kill him, and notice that they'll become just about as rich for KILLING him as merely showing they can!  Notice that your idea also assumes that an employee has to become willing to, in effect, plot against his employer in such a way that he can be assured that his actions won't be incorrectly interpretated as a genuine assassination attempt. How can you (or anyone else?) tell the difference until the plan either succeeds or fails?)  Moreover, how can the employee trust that his boss will actually honor his promise?
I think you're also (falsely) assuming that a deliberately-unsuccessful assassination demonstration immunizes the tyrant from a repeat performance.  True, it's often useful to know what kinds of attacks are possible, but that doesn't mean that the system can be fixed to prevent future repetitions...
The tyrant, then, either loses his life or a lot of money, and he still can't trust anybody.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:13:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
What you ought to explain to us laymen is that the terminology "actual malice" dates from the case New York Times vs. Sullivan, and it used a definition of "malice" that was not in any dictionary at the time.  My recollection:
Sullivan was a local hero in a particular area in the south in the last 50's (?), gave a speech to a crowd of (?) people who were probably in sympathy with segregation.  They proceeded to march.   Later, the New York Times claimed (as I vaguely recall it, although it's been years since I read a description) that he had instigated a riot.  Sullivan sued, claiming his reputation had been damaged.  Arguably, it had, although it's probably equally arguable that Sullivan had done something that would have been looked upon somewhat unsympathetically by non-Southerners.  The local (southern, of course) jury found NYT guilty of libel, and awarded Sullivan some huge judgment.    (Had the jury been made up of northern people, presumably Sullivan would have lost.)
The problem here is that two long-honored principles collided:  One, the "free speech" issue, generally tries to guarantee organizations like NY Times the right to print the news and the leeway to do so.  The second  principle that people should be able to sue for libel in a local court, and be awarded whatever amount of money the jury declares.  The problem with this was obvious, after the verdict:  It, in effect, allowed essentially any burg in the country, no matter how backwards, potentially to bankrupt any targeted organ of the national news media.  Something had to give.
Unfortunately, the SC screwed up, as usual.  The proper thing for them to do would have been to abandon libel law entirely, recognizing that it did more harm than good.  But they blew it:  They invented the "actual malice" standard out of whole cloth, raising the standard for libel suits by "public figures," which is really a rather arbitrary standard.  Don't go to any ordinary English dictionary for this "malice" definition; it didn't exist before the Sullivan decision, not even in lawbooks.  It was really just a rabbit pulled from a hat to try to avoid the collision I mentioned above.  Side note:  I think that the SC should be unable to re-define ordinary English words.  But they try anyway.
Basically, it became harder to sue well-known persons.  However, what really happened is that they SC had merely put off the problem for another day, because the DEFINITION of a "public figure" was at least as malleable as Jell-O.   And oddly, it was eventually revealed that you could be a "public figure" with respect to one subject, but NOT a "public figure" on another.  Ironically, now that Richard Jewell (incorrectly identified as Atlanta bombing suspect) has sued some newspapers (and his former employer) for libel, it seems likely that at least some of those defendants will try to argue that merely being named by the government as a criminal suspect makes him "a public figure."
BTW, I think that pressing the Richard Jewell incident would be an excellent way to derail any sort of claim that the government can obey the law.  Apparently, they got a number of search warrants based on, essentially, nothing, and to rub this in the government's nose would show that the so-called "probable-cause" standard for warrants is not followed in practice.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:15:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
What you're presented (included in its entirety below) is what I've come to call an "AP story problem."   I've worked through many of those myself; their main problem is that they don't carefully describe why _each_ person in the "play" you've described would be motivated to do what it's claim he does, and why he DOES NOT do other things to fix the situation he's in.  Remember, I'm not merely talking about the main character, but also the ones who are (apparently?) incidental.  For just one example, you said:    "conventional bodyguards could be included, ones with no real pay but with the fore knowledgethat they will be buried with the tyrant."
What motivates these people?  Are they hostages?  If they're hostages, then presumably that means they're motivated to seek the death of anyone who is holding them.  What about their relatives; don't they have any sympathy for those who are taken?  Why don't they donate to AP to see the lead guy dead?
Etc. Etc.    Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:48:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: uae_1.html 
I wonder what these people will think when organizations like Teledesic and Iridium start operating (low-earth-orbit satellites) to allow totally-wireless connectivity.  It seems to me that there will be a market for services that allow anonymous browsing, perhaps with encrypted requests that return otherwise-unidentified data on a publicly-accessible airwaves.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:48:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Desire?  Yes.  Ability?  Maybe.  Time? No.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 12:11:35
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: uae_1.html 
I wonder what these people will think when organizations like Teledesic and Iridium start operating (low-earth-orbit satellites) to allow totally-wireless connectivity.  It seems to me that there will be a market for services that allow anonymous browsing, perhaps with encrypted requests that return otherwise-unidentified data on a publicly-accessible airwaves.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 12:13:16
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Desire?  Yes.  Ability?  Maybe.  Time? No.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-01-30 12:15:51
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
What you're presented (included in its entirety below) is what I've come to call an "AP story problem."   I've worked through many of those myself; their main problem is that they don't carefully describe why _each_ person in the "play" you've described would be motivated to do what it's claim he does, and why he DOES NOT do other things to fix the situation he's in.  Remember, I'm not merely talking about the main character, but also the ones who are (apparently?) incidental.  For just one example, you said:    "conventional bodyguards could be included, ones with no real pay but with the fore knowledgethat they will be buried with the tyrant."
What motivates these people?  Are they hostages?  If they're hostages, then presumably that means they're motivated to seek the death of anyone who is holding them.  What about their relatives; don't they have any sympathy for those who are taken?  Why don't they donate to AP to see the lead guy dead?
Etc. Etc.    Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-05 17:45:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: ECPA/1997: the other shoe? 
Which is somewhat illogical, because if we assume that things are legal until made illegal, and there is no illegal cryptosystem, that means that no bill can "make the use of any cryptosystem legal."
(I understand, of course, that you may simply be saying that the bill pretends to do it...)
Again, somewhat of a non-issue, wouldn't you say?  What with the 1st amendment, the government would have an enormous uphill battle to make key escrow mandatory anyway.
Key escrow agents (to the extent they currently exist and will exist in the future) are presumably entitled to contract with their customers whatever conditions and terms their customers desire.  If that DOESN'T include sharing the key with the government, as far as I know that's entirely legitimate.  ("impairment of contracts.") Also, I see no reason to believe that those agents will necessarily have copies of the keys in unencrypted form, useable by the government.  Which, as Tim May points out, could imply practically any useage of crypto with the "appropriate" misinterpretation on the part of government, particularly encrypted remailers.  Just what the Leahy bill last year appeared to be intended to do.
Again, that's unnecessary and redundant.
What we should be particularly suspicious of is any differnces between last year's bill and this year's.  Somehow I doubt we'll see any desireable change; all the changes will be bad.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-11 00:07:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: The Pro-CODE Bill could make things worse! 
Nah, it wasn't me, but it might as well have been.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-22 09:09:57
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks & Ecash in WSJ, Chaum,and Amazing Revelation by NSA 
ty 1 queries for a reasonable fee, like $FV10.
It was Oregon... unless you are thinking of an incident that I didn't hear of.
I have the Oregon DMV database on CDROM.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-22 10:01:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PGP Security 
I don't doubt that remailers need to be strengthened to support a "classic AP" system.  However, complicating (or, perhaps, simplifying; depending on your point of view...) the issue is the fact that an AP-type system is going to be inherently self-protecting:  Even if I wasn't inclined to donate to see the death of anybody else, I'd want to protect the underlying system to ensure its continued existence.
I (and some others) are convinced that an AP-system would totally eliminate the series of tyrannies that governments have been throughout history.  That, if true, is a _very_ valuable accomplishment to most of us, one for which we'd be wise to pay to achieve.  And generally, where there is a demand, a free market supplies that desire with a product.  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-23 21:29:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: "why privacy" revisited 
Which is yet another of the many reasons I can espouse an "extreme" solution to the problem, but one that I can honestly claim to not consider "extreme" at all!  The way I see it, the lives of these thugs are not sufficiently valuable to lose sleep over their loss, when to keep them around means the kinds of abuse society has suffered for many generations.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-24 20:52:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: UK to ban free use of crypto? 
Allowing government to "license" such services is a truly awful eventuality.  If such organizations merely had to comply with limited number of laws, getting around those laws would be relatively easy.  And the burden of proof (in many/most jurisdictions) is on the government to prove "guilt."  But the moment you start "licensing" those organizations, the licensing terms may allow refusal or revocation of license for little or no reason, or hidden reasons:  Perhaps the organization wouldn't "play footsie" with the government, giving up some information secretly and without a warrant.  Potentially a large business goes down the drain.  Licensing is, therefore, an invitation to an essentially unlimited amount of coercion and manipulation.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-24 21:54:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: INFO: Pro-CODE testimony available now online at democracy.net! 
I, and maybe a lot of other people, are still waiting for somebody to do a side-by-side comparison of "Pro-Code 1997" with last year's version, the What has changed?  For the worse?  Why?  Who wanted it changed?  Who changed it?  Are they embarrassed?
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-03-30 10:35:36
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: PSYOPS/infowar 
I'm PISSED!  Ya forgot me!!!  B^)
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-01 23:17:46
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Disaster--"Use a cipher, go to prison" 
There's your error.  No, you don't "have to work with" it.  Simply make your
public support absolutely and completely conditional on the removal of the
bad part.  That's quite easy, isn't it?!?
Why?  Tim May said it quite well:  SAFE gives us no rights that we don't
already have, and what it does claim to give us has so many "legitimate
needs of law-enforcement"-type loopholes that it would be almost totally
It is certainly not "vitally important."  There are some components of SAFE
which would be good to have, IF they can be obtained without the disastrous
component of SAFE which we all know must be removed.
Let's not have any backsliding, then!  Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-02 16:16:43
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Good Thing--"Crypto For The Masses" 
Ditto cubed.  It's so easy to say, "We oppose it with the criminal
provision.  We support it without the criminal provision."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-02 16:21:24
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
The only reason "it is not important" is that this scatter is what
demolishes your view of the world.
But probably not even close to the largest determinant.
But NONE of this is truly needed.  I have a solution to that problem.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-02 16:26:18
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: SAFE Bill discussion 
Then you are thinking FAR too simplistically and your logic is poor.   The
Administration thugs realized long ago that they were (correctly) viewed as
a "reverse barometer": Freedom and privacy-loving people saw, generally,
that if something was good the thugs would often oppose it, and if it was
bad the thugs would often support it.  However, the Maladministration is getting desperate, because they have no
toehold in the regulation of domestic encryption, and they've decided that
it's vitally important to develop such a system.  They know, however, that
their opponents are going to be watching for exactly such a development, and
they know that it isn't going to come cheap.  Perhaps they realize that the
only way to try to sneak it through Congress is to pretend to oppose it for
"plausible" reasons, hoping that it will collect a little non-thinking
support from the people who blindly still view the thugs as a reverse
barometer 100% of the time.  Eventually, if the bill passes, they can sign
it, concealing their glee at their ability to sneak in an atrocious
provision despite the watchful eye of many of us.
Further poor "logic."  There are obviously going to be incorrect reasons for
opposing SAFE, but there may also be correct reasons.  The fact that the
thugs claim to oppose SAFE, although for the incorrect reasons simply shows
how wrong they are.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-03 02:42:53
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: TWO Letters on SAFE 
You obviously meant, "ignore our concerns" rather than "take up our
concerns," right?!?
Because that is, more accurately, what they did and will do.
I see a issue that's not being addressed.  Presumably, in legislative
negotiations the theory behind including such a provision (the criminal
provision) is that there are people "out there" who would support it with
that provision present, but who would oppose it with that provision removed.
(Moreover, the theory would suggest that somebody believes that this bill
would be MORE likely to pass with the provision present than absent.)
Who, exactly, are these people?  Aside from a few government thugs, I really
don't see the groundswell.  Numerically, I think I'm safe in concluding that
there are in the citizenry, by far, more people who would support the SAFE
bill only with the provision removed than those who'd support it only with
the provision present.  We should insist on a bill which reflects the
desires of the public, NOT the government.
One more thing.  That idiot Clinton can easily veto this bill if he chooses
to do so.  The only way this bill is going to turn into law, I think, is if
he _doesn't_ veto it, and that will mean that he prefers getting its
"positives" (positive to him, at least), the criminal provision, and all
those "legitimate needs of law enforcement", and tolerating its "negatives"
(again, to him, at least.)
He may publicly oppose it, but I think that position is a fraud.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-04 04:24:40
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: FC: Responses to Tim May's criticism of SAFE, and a rebuttal 
Then let's force them to take that step, which (BTW) they haven't done
already.  They are well aware of the highly questionable constitutional
nature of such a system, and I'm sure they're worrying that not only would
such an executive order galvanize opposition to such a plan, it would also
delay for a year or two the perceived "need" for the legislation they
currently (and secretly) seek.  By the time the executive order is
overturned by the SC, it'll be too late to restore it as Congressional
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-06 00:11:54
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
You seem to be taken with making all sorts of bare, unsupported claims,
obviously with the intention of explaining (for example) away what was
apparently an INTENTIONAL increase in the size of Federal government between
(say) 1932 and today.   To read your paragraph above, its increase in size was simply the
unavoidable consequence of nature's laws or something akin to it.  Maybe a
product of number theory, or the Fibbonacci sequence, exponential increase,
or something like that.  Which would, if true, remove just about all the
blame from those who were in control of the situation.
Chances are good that at least 75% of the size of the US Federal government
today is due to spending that wasn't considered the proper Constitutional
function of the government before 1930, and certainly not before 1900 or so.
(Large peacetime military, Socialist Insecurity, Welfare, Medicare,
Medicaid, interest on national debt caused by deficit spending that occurred
due to funding these previous atrocities, etc.)
Other people have blown this claim away, so I don't think I need bounce the
rubble further.  However, I wonder why you think that people will not resent
the theft of their property simply because they've reached "a certain level
of economic security."?
Frankly, it sounds like yet another of your "let's justify the government
through specious arguments" exercises.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-07 10:12:27
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Jim Bell in the Oregonian 
Given that the article was, more or less, limited to 800 words (it actually
runs about 40 over this informal limit) it is by no means surprising that it
"does not address the problems [sic] with AP."
Why would you think it would?!?
And I've already posted it, but it probably hadn't appeared to most CP
subscribers, certainly not by the time you posted your note, and maybe not
even when I post this note.
I didn't seen any substantial changes to the body of the article, although
my preferred title wasn't used.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-07 22:42:02
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: My editorial in Oregonian newspaper published today. 
The following editorial appears in the Tuesday, May 6 issue of the
(Portland) Oregonian newspaper, on the editorial page.
Fishing Expedition Swims Against Tide
According to the maxim, if you invent a better mouse-trap the world will
beat a path to your door.  Maybe the truth is that, instead, you'll get
assaulted by angry cats who are afraid of losing their jobs.
Suppose the government discovered a method to make itself obsolete.  Or
suppose the military learned how to make us all even more secure, for a
thousandth as much defense spending.   We'd never hear about it because
they'd be out of a job, and job security, not national security, is their
highest priority.
Two years ago I had a revolutionary  idea.   I was tired of hearing the
usual stories about how much harder society's problems have gotten in the
last few decades.    It's not that the problems are harder, it's just that
large constituencies have been built which depend on these "problems"  for
their income.  For example, when the Cold War ended,  there was no military reason we
couldn't have reduced our military budget by a factor of two or three.
"But no!,"  said the politicians, let's continue buying those expensive
Stealth bombers, submarines, tilt-wing airplanes, and other toys. We weren't
afraid of getting attacked, the spending continued because of the threat of
unemployment on the part of the defense-industry workers. Legalize drugs and turn a vast legal problem into a far cheaper and more
manageable health problem?  No, because with 70% or more of the prison
population there due to drug laws, you'd have to fire most of the jailers,
the prosecutors, the police, the judges, and the lawyers, all of whom have
come to depend on the involuntary "generosity" of the taxpayer.
Two years ago I realized that the whole corrupt system could be stopped.  It
would be necessary to not only halt pork-barrel politics at all levels, but
also to provide a very few necessary services for people, such as defense
and justice, although financed inexpensively and voluntarily.   You'd have
to shut down all militaries and governments, simultaneously, all around the
world, while at the same time protecting our security.  Impossible?
In the summer of 1995 I began to write an essay, half-jokingly titled
"Assassination Politics".    It occurred to me that if people could defend
themselves by anonymously donating money to anonymous people who act to
protect us, you wouldn't need militaries or governments anymore.   Nuclear
bombs would be obsolete, and in fact they will be hopelessly  dangerous to
anyone who owns them, because the rest of us will be able to donate money to
ensure their owners have no choice but to dismantle them.  Conventional
militaries will be useless,  because threats to people's security will be
dealt with far more cheaply by large numbers of tiny individual
contributions buying the part-time services of a few semi-professional
trouble-shooters.   Murderous dictators of the past and present,  such as Hitler, Stalin, Mao,
Pol Pot, Saddam Hussein, Khadafi, Idi Amin,  and so many others simply
couldn't operate in such a world, because they (and their replacements, if
anyone dared follow them) could be removed for the collective pocket change
of a few million angry citizens.
There'd be no conventional wars, because anyone who would make war would be
a threat not only to his enemy, but also to anyone on "his" side who would
be forced to help pay for that war, or even third parties who wouldn't want
to see aggression win, for fear they'd be the next target.  There would be
no draft, because forcing someone else to fight for you makes YOU his enemy,
as well: On the other hand, if your cause is just, he will contribute
voluntarily, just as you do, to see the bad guy stopped. There would be little crime, because crime will be treated as an attack, and
people will be able to donate money to find and stop the criminals.  But
unlike today, there will be no large constituency (police, jailers, judges,
prosecutors, lawyers) who have a vested interest in keeping the crime rate
high, thus terrorizing the public into supporting "anti-crime spending"
which really just lines their pockets.
I've been openly debating the idea on the Internet since then with anyone
who will listen.  My essay  surprises many and shocks more than a few, but
I am pleased that such a truly revolutionary concept has been so well
received.   Even the Columbian newspaper ( has decided to
add a pointer to the essay.
The only "threat" in the essay is to the jobs of the people who have been
parasites on the rest of us for decades, as well as to the future of
tyrannies around the world.  But that's why,  on April 1, twenty Federal
agents burst in and took my computer,  told the news media I was "armed and
dangerous," and began engaging in a fishing expedition including harassing
people simply for knowing me.  (No arrest or charges so far.)  They may
claim that they were looking for something else, but what they are really,
desperately hoping to find is...job security.  If I'm right, they have none.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-07 23:10:50
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: My editorial in Oregonian newspaper published today. 
My editorial appeared in the Tuesday, May 6 issue of the
(Portland) Oregonian newspaper, on the editorial page.
Fishing Expedition Swims Against Tide
According to the maxim, if you invent a better mouse-trap the world will
beat a path to your door.  Maybe the truth is that, instead, you'll get
assaulted by angry cats who are afraid of losing their jobs.
Suppose the government discovered a method to make itself obsolete.  Or
suppose the military learned how to make us all even more secure, for a
thousandth as much defense spending.   We'd never hear about it because
they'd be out of a job, and job security, not national security, is their
highest priority.
Two years ago I had a revolutionary  idea.   I was tired of hearing the
usual stories about how much harder society's problems have gotten in the
last few decades.    It's not that the problems are harder, it's just that
large constituencies have been built which depend on these "problems"  for
their income.  For example, when the Cold War ended,  there was no military reason we
couldn't have reduced our military budget by a factor of two or three.
"But no!,"  said the politicians, let's continue buying those expensive
Stealth bombers, submarines, tilt-wing airplanes, and other toys. We weren't
afraid of getting attacked, the spending continued because of the threat of
unemployment on the part of the defense-industry workers. Legalize drugs and turn a vast legal problem into a far cheaper and more
manageable health problem?  No, because with 70% or more of the prison
population there due to drug laws, you'd have to fire most of the jailers,
the prosecutors, the police, the judges, and the lawyers, all of whom have
come to depend on the involuntary "generosity" of the taxpayer.
Two years ago I realized that the whole corrupt system could be stopped.  It
would be necessary to not only halt pork-barrel politics at all levels, but
also to provide a very few necessary services for people, such as defense
and justice, although financed inexpensively and voluntarily.   You'd have
to shut down all militaries and governments, simultaneously, all around the
world, while at the same time protecting our security.  Impossible?
In the summer of 1995 I began to write an essay, half-jokingly titled
"Assassination Politics".    It occurred to me that if people could defend
themselves by anonymously donating money to anonymous people who act to
protect us, you wouldn't need militaries or governments anymore.   Nuclear
bombs would be obsolete, and in fact they will be hopelessly  dangerous to
anyone who owns them, because the rest of us will be able to donate money to
ensure their owners have no choice but to dismantle them.  Conventional
militaries will be useless,  because threats to people's security will be
dealt with far more cheaply by large numbers of tiny individual
contributions buying the part-time services of a few semi-professional
trouble-shooters.   Murderous dictators of the past and present,  such as Hitler, Stalin, Mao,
Pol Pot, Saddam Hussein, Khadafi, Idi Amin,  and so many others simply
couldn't operate in such a world, because they (and their replacements, if
anyone dared follow them) could be removed for the collective pocket change
of a few million angry citizens.
There'd be no conventional wars, because anyone who would make war would be
a threat not only to his enemy, but also to anyone on "his" side who would
be forced to help pay for that war, or even third parties who wouldn't want
to see aggression win, for fear they'd be the next target.  There would be
no draft, because forcing someone else to fight for you makes YOU his enemy,
as well: On the other hand, if your cause is just, he will contribute
voluntarily, just as you do, to see the bad guy stopped. There would be little crime, because crime will be treated as an attack, and
people will be able to donate money to find and stop the criminals.  But
unlike today, there will be no large constituency (police, jailers, judges,
prosecutors, lawyers) who have a vested interest in keeping the crime rate
high, thus terrorizing the public into supporting "anti-crime spending"
which really just lines their pockets.
I've been openly debating the idea on the Internet since then with anyone
who will listen.  My essay  surprises many and shocks more than a few, but
I am pleased that such a truly revolutionary concept has been so well
received.   Even the Columbian newspaper ( has decided to
add a pointer to the essay.
The only "threat" in the essay is to the jobs of the people who have been
parasites on the rest of us for decades, as well as to the future of
tyrannies around the world.  But that's why,  on April 1, twenty Federal
agents burst in and took my computer,  told the news media I was "armed and
dangerous," and began engaging in a fishing expedition including harassing
people simply for knowing me.  (No arrest or charges so far.)  They may
claim that they were looking for something else, but what they are really,
desperately hoping to find is...job security.  If I'm right, they have none.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-08 16:43:25
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: FC: Responses to Tim May's criticism of SAFE, and a rebuttal 
As if on cue!
If the NRA had any guts, they would announce that they have concluded after
years of observation and study that there are enormous costs to having the
RTKBA continue to be poorly respected, costs which translate into (at least)
potentially hundreds or maybe even thousands of innocent deaths per year,
not to mention the continuing degradation of respect for various other
constitutional rights.  It would then observe that if we come to the
reasonably egalitarian conclusion that the life of a Supreme Court justice
or Senator or Representative is no more valuable than the life of an
ordinary citizen, the solution to the 2nd amendment problem is clear.  (Some (many?) courts seem to recognize the "lesser evil" defense, the idea
that if a person has to choose between tolerating a greater evil or
committing a crime ("lesser evil") to prevent it, he is entitled to do the
latter.  I'm not suggesting that they would view this philosophy as
applicable in this particular case; merely that it is appropriate to do so.)
The NRA is a fairly large organization.  At any one time, there are probably
over a hundred members with terminal illnesses, or others who would be
willing to give their lives in the performance of a task to punish somebody
for violating citizens' rights by official actions.  A public announcement
by the NRA that they will gladly pay upwards of a million dollars in "life
insurance benefits" to to the heirs of any member who dies in this type of
supreme service (or a million dollars in legal defense, etc) would put the
"fear of God" into the thugs.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-08 23:20:01
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: My editorial in Oregonian newspaper published today. 
Hey, doofus, the article was 840 words long, 40 words longer than the length
recommended by the newspaper.  It ALSO avoids any mention of cryptography,
or digital cash, both of which would have not only just confused the average
newspaper reader, but  would have ballooned the article far past the length
that the newspaper could reasonably consider publishing.
Repeat same point above about length and detail.
They certainly had access to it.  The guy I talked to at the newspaper
claimed he had read it.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-13 01:32:19
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Money orders, debit cards, ... 
That argument is bullshit, however.  Getting technical about it, you
"disclose" your voice to the phone company so that it can digitize it and
send it to its destination.  If that argument were valid, voice would be
unprotected as well.
Chances are excellent that this odd position is a holdover from a time
(1920's) when many if not most telephone calls were manually switched, and
you had to tell the (human) operator the number you wanted to call.  That
act of telling was probably considered "disclosure."   However, logically
the adoption of a system of automatic switching (which doesn't require
recording the number called; for many decades such recording wasn't even
done because it was economically impractical except for charged LD) would
eliminate the presumption that the number was already "disclosed."
Since phone company operations subsequent to call takedown do not require
the recording of destination numbers, any more than they need to record
voice, the constitutional treatment of these two pieces of information
should be identical.
In any case, constitutional rights should not depend on (or be limited by)
the state of technology 70 years ago.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-13 10:08:22
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
Hey, there's always 1997!
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 10:35:37
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: RSA, PGP IN LEGAL FLAP OVER ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY 
intellectual property,
However, I've been waiting many years for some patent-law-knowledgeable
person to explain why mathematics, which was widely seen as being absolutely
unpatentable prior to the invention of public-key cryptography, suddenly
became patentable just in time for RSA, etc.  Until I hear such an explanation, I _DO_ begrudge RSA and others that "right."
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 12:19:34
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: RSA, PGP IN LEGAL FLAP OVER ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY 
Sit down until the feeling goes away.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-14 13:11:13
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: The Inducement of Rapid Oxidation of Certain Materials in or Near Government Buildings 
This isn't the first time you've called information that is detrimental to
your position words equivalent to "meaningless."  I suppose that's easier
than disproving the other person's claim, or proving your own.  Your position is laughable.  Statistics on murder rates are knowable for
many countries.  Studying the murder rate for those countries will at least
provide a range against which deaths due to government-caused wars can be
compared.  That's precisely what the governments and their agents want us to believe.
Minarchism is certainly possible, and at the risk of appearing to blow my
own AP-horn, it is indeed plausible that the public can take down all
governments in a reasonably straightforward fashion.  The fact that
governments will strongly dislike this option is no reason to not consider
the possibility.
By eliminating them, of course.
"Aye vas joost vollowink orderz!"
Sorry, we're still laughing at you.
No, quite the contrary.  Considered from the perspective of the cumulative
interests of society, wars are not beneficial or "profitable."  Only from
the very limited viewpoint of the military-industrial complex and government
employees does war appear to be a net benefit, and that's true only because
the interests of most of the population (on whom the effect of war is a net
negative) is ignored.  The reason war occurs is that the decision to have a
war is made not by society as a whole, but by that tiny fraction which profits.
Put the decision to have the war back into the hands of the population as a
whole, and war will decrease.  Give the public the option to make war upon
the government parasites infesting their own land, and war will end forever.
For the purposes of most of the arguments we make, the identity of the
actual bomber is irrelevant.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-15 11:47:41
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: Rwanda and "anarchy" 
I think it's at least a little tacky for you to ignore recent work which may
have already shown your claim to be false.  For the rest of you out there, I suggest that you check out AP part 9.
There are excellent reasons that people considered true anarchy to be
unattainable, because it was considered fundamentally unstable.  Even I
believed that, before 1995.  Now, I've changed my opinion, and for good
reason.    Anarchy becomes stable if the population can anonymously target
those who threaten danger to the rest.  AP will do exactly this, so anarchy
will become stable.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1997-05-15 12:08:22
@_author: Jim Bell 
@_subject: The Inducement of Rapid Oxidation of Certain Materials.... 
A definition which it included because of years of misuse.  It is said that
language is a living thing, which it is, which means that if an error is
made frequently enough it becomes the truth.  Most of us understand this concept.
Jim Bell
jimbell at pacifier.com
