
@_date: 2000-11-01 12:29:11
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
What I'd like to see is for a state, any state, to apply some sort of "100%
State Income Tax for People engaged in violating  the right of citizens to
make and use pot [for medicinal reasons, etc]."
In other words, any Fed participating in such a case would lose his yearly
salary, guaranteed.    I'm wondering if there are any legal impediments to
this.  Feds don't normally claim immunity from local and state laws, or
taxes, etc.  The tax isn't on the enforcement of Federal laws:  It would
simply be a separate income tax on people who happen to do this.  Obviously,
a Fed must pay state income tax on income from his (Fed) job; the only issue
is how high those taxes are.   Change that number from, say, 10% to 100% and
that solves the problem.   It would be unusual for the tax rate to be
determined by source of income, but there should be plenty of precedent for
things like tax credits conditional on a person's behavior.  Assuming the
state Constitution doesn't explicitly prohibit setting a discriminatory tax
rate this should "fly" if the state had the guts to do this.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-04 01:01:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Doesn't seem to be in the Bend telephone directory, but that woulda been a
bit too obvious, huh?
This address is a house in a rather new subdivision in the northern portion
of Bend, Oregon.  Mapquest actually cannot find this address, and when I
look at the actual location (Found with a Pittmon map) the road in question
is not even shown yet.  Below is a URL which can be fed into Mapquest to
retrieve the appropriate (although, admittedly, incomplete) map, pointing to
the approximate, correct address of the house..
Two vehicles, Oregon Plates VCV976 and 902ALL are in the driveway.
This is probably the previous address for the Mueller's.
Hypothetically, these may be the current owners of 20830 Dione,  Bend, but I
am not yet able to confirm this.  I wouldn't be surprised to hear that the
John Ashe and Mr. Mueller share an employer.
Which may be here.  This is actually in a place called "Sunriver", a rather
high-class community of (mostly?) 2nd homes.  Perhaps Ashe used to live
here:  Maybe he was transferred in from whereever, until Mueller moved,
leaving room at the Dione address for Ashe.  Just a thought.
I'm curious about who really owns these properties.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-04 15:15:48
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Enter and Win at ABCNEWS.com 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2000 19:17 PM
First prize is two days in Washington.  Second prize is three days is Washington.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-04 21:04:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: RE: FW: BLOCK: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
But it does, in fact.  It costs you the effort to look at it (and
distinguish it from desired mail) and that might mean you have to physically
open it up.  Then, you have to dispose of it, and that involves not merely
tossing it into the trash, but setting it out to be picked up once a week.
(Of course, those who burn their own trash may actually see "Uncle Spam" as
BTU's  (excuse me, calories or joules.))
A few years ago I proposed that email senders should be given the option of
including a small amount of digital cash along with that email, as
compensation for the inconvenience.  Email programs could be programmed to
sort the email in order of "tribute" sent:  I could very easily ignore an
email that gave me 1 penny, but I'd be intrigued by an email that included
"Spammers" who actually had an offer that a large fraction of the recipients
would be interested in could easily afford $1 per email, or more.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-04 21:45:40
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [IFWP] Re: Ken Stubbs @ core deletes vote-auction.com 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2000 7:31 AM
But that's not the whole problem, here.  ICANN may be, arguably, subject to
"those laws," but it isn't clear that those laws (per se) were responsible
for the disconnection.  Is there a law, somewhere, that said "anybody who we
determine appears to be violating the law in America, we 'unaddress' them
before they get a trial."   That certainly isn't normal procedure:  There
are probably over a thousand Internet Casinos who are (the thugs would
argue) in violation of some American law, yet they are still accessible to
(It's very unlikely that "the law" anticipates "the need" (cough, choke,
ptooey!) the government thugs found themselves with.    ICANN might be
considered the publisher of a large "telephone directory" that happens to be
accessed by electronic means, rather than printed on a big lump of dead
tree.  Suddenly, one of the listees angers the govt:  Govt. demands
immediate "delisting."    Notice that this is impossible with "dead-tree"
directories.  Current law doesn't even anticipate the possibility of
de-listing, at least not before the next directory is published.)
No, I presume what's happening in those "votes-for-sale" cases is that ICANN
is responding NOT to any black-letter laws, but in fact to the simple
desires of various authorities explicitly beyond (and prematurely, at that!)
what their legal authority grants them.  An extremely bad precedent.
ICANN needs to be taught a very painful lesson:  "Even if you feel that you
must obey a specific law, you must not do it without initiating a legal
process and continuing it through any valid appeal.  Given that the election
was only a few days away, it is obvious that no such process would be
completed before the point becomes moot.  You screwed up."
Then, Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-05 12:15:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [IFWP] Re: Ken Stubbs @ core deletes vote-auction.com 
Sent: Sunday, November 05, 2000 4:23 AM
I think that's a slight verbal distortion.  It has an obligation
to -not-violate- those laws.  (Most laws can't be "obeyed", per se, because
they don't order you to do anything.)  I haven't seen any explanation as to
why any law would require ICANN to "de-list" some vote-selling website even
if  everybody agreed that the violation of law was occurring.  (And it's
hard for me to imagine that either the US Congress or the California
legislature would have been so net-savvy as to even anticipate the
possibility of "de-listing" any site or the "need" for such an action, by
going on and passing the laws to authorize this.)    ICANN could easily take
the position that until it is legally informed that a site was violating US
or California law by the result of an actual trial, __AND___ the law
actually required ICANN to de-list such violators, it would continue to list
the site.
Unfortunately (well, maybe just in this case) CP is not generally populated
by people who are inclined to believe that the US and California actually do
have such authority currently in law, so  we're not likely to hear an
attempt at a contrary opinion.
ICANN is clearly obeying the illegal (non-legal? Not authorized by law, etc)
wishes of pissed-off politicians who have no other remedy.
Other entities, like churches for example, exist within California but
aren't especially controlled by California law.  ICANN  probably "needs" no
greater regulation than a church does:  The building it's in will probably
follow California building codes, and the people who work there will pay US
and California taxes.  But other than this, it is unclear why ICANN should
even be controllable by California law?
I think the telephone-directory analogy is appropriate.  Competing telephone
directories exist in many areas.  If a company that publishes such a
directory is told that one of the listees in that directory is currently
violating the law, is that directory company obligated to remove that
listing?  I think the answer  is obviously no.
The current problem is far more egregious than merely being "subject to US
and California law."    I agree that once the problem of ICANN boot-licking
the government officials is solved, there will still be the underlying
problem of current and future claimed US and California jurisdiction.  It
will be necessary, for example, to prevent any legislature from passing laws
which make the recent vote-buying-site de-listing possible under actual law.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-05 16:23:10
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Applying California law to ICANN 
The SPLC satisfies the description of "hate group" at least as much, and
probably more so, than any of the groups that it catalogs and denigrates.
Which suggests that ICANN should be contacted, with a demand that they
de-list SPLC for the appropriate reasons.  Naturally, they'll come back with
all sorts of 1st-amendment reasons they shouldn't, all of which should have
been applied to the vote-swap issue.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-05 20:14:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: FW: BLOCK: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
I've got a solution to that....oh, never mind.
If "spammers" attached a digi-nickel to each spam, you'd only have to get
300 such pieces per month (10 per day) to pay for the typical ISP account
monthly cost.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-11-05 21:23:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Here's an interesting twist on gun control ... 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Sunday, November 05, 2000 17:18 PM
And anyone who says the list can't be prioritized needs killing    B^)
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-04 17:39:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Is Judge Jackson backing away from Microsoft breakup? 
Quote from article above:
Trying to undo his reputation as a ferocious supporter of high-tech
regulation, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson on Thursday revealed the real
reason for his ruling against Microsoft. It didn't have anything to do with
Microsoft's market share or Jackson's apparent disdain for Bill Gates. The
reason, according to Jackson, was "Microsoft's intransigence." Huh --
Microsoft gets slammed in the stomach by the long arm of the law for being
stubborn? Since when were judges supposed to take things personally? At
least Jackson admitted that his decision may be far from reasonable.
"Virtually everything I did may be vulnerable on appeal," he told a
conference. Thank goodness for checks and balances.
This case stank to high heaven:  The "fast-tracking" it was put on made that
obvious.  IBM's '69 case took 13+ years before it was killed. Interestingly,
the subsequent 10 years proved that far from being an
unassailable monopoly, IBM's hold on the market was fleeting.   I think
we'll discover that the only purpose of the MS case was to twist a few arms
in order to get government leverage on the computer market.  Didn't work.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-05 13:12:26
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
Sent: Thursday, October 05, 2000 9:11 AM
I can see an excellent application for all of our old long-out-of-print
LP's:  Digitize them (assuming we still have an operational turntable!) and
the noise level will be comfortably high.  And, there is no digital
"reference" for this audio anywhere, so comparisons will be virtually
impossible.  (Just re-digitize the same LP for an dramatically-different
dataset, at least in the 6-7 LSB's.)

@_date: 2000-10-08 14:05:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Comments on and about e-privacy in Canada 
Sent: Saturday, October 07, 2000 22:55 PM
And there's the fact that laws against such things usually either explicitly
except government ("legitimate law-enforcement needs", ) actions,
or are basically ignored when a cop (term used generically) violates them.
Such laws lead to a false sense of security among the sheeple who aren't
aware that the biggest fox around has a gate-key.  It also deters
manufacturers of secure hardware and software because their target audience
is falsely placated.
Why, for example, do secure, encrypted telephones not yet exist in an EASILY
useable form?   ("Go to Radio Snack, buy the box, take it home, plug it
in.")  Technically, it's quite possible:  1 Gigaflop DSP's are available and
should be far more than necessary, 28K bidirectional modems are dirt-cheap,
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-11 04:26:34
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Burglar Politics, Tempesting PC's that watch TV and DVD regions 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
As to the video cards...
Sorry, Lucky, but you're going to have to support this a little better.
Emissions are a function of  the signal voltage in a conductor, and the
extent that this conductor is free to emit.  The latter is strongly related
to (among other things) the wavelength of the signal versus the conductor
length:  To emit "well" requires an "antenna"  length a significant fraction
of 1/4 wave, and that would be about 40 cm for 150 MHz video signals. (I am
assuming a signal velocity of 0.8C, since it's PC-board insulated.)   These
days it's hard to find a video card as long as 10 cm, and the path length
from the D/A to the output connector is probably 3 cm or so.  (And that is a
pc board trace which is on a 4 (or more) layer PC board, not exactly
conducive to unintended radiation.   Besides, the voltage on that signal is
probably around 1 volt, quite low.  And, remember that this video card is,
itself, stuck inside an enclosure which is at least intended to shield the
outside world from the signals, at least  more than it already is..
Compare this to the monitor:  Those low-level video signals are amplified a
few times to drive the electron guns, and they modulate the passage of
electrons over a 24,000-volt circuit, in a not-particularly-well-shielded
(and huge) vacuum tube.  The length of that tube is close to 50 cm, just
right to emit ca. 150 MHz.  The two ends of the tube must be insulated from
each other, of course.  Naturally, the case of that monitor is...plastic.
As for the laptops:  I am unfamiliar with the way laptops drive their LCD
displays, but if they don't possess a SVGA-type  (X/Y scanned) signal
internally, perhaps they can avoid emitting a useful signal.  CRT's "write"
with an electron beam and must time-multiplex their video information.
LCD's (particularly TFT's)COULD be implemented so that the actual display is
scanned on only one axis, making it virtually impossible to "read."  The
data being sent to that LCD driver would have to be some sort of parallel
digital, I suppose.
Jim Bell, N7IJS

@_date: 2000-10-11 17:36:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Burglar Politics, Tempesting PC's that watch TV and DVD regions 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Which is a good reason to use a shielded cable, of the lowest practical
length..  (check the resistance from one cable-end-housing  to the other.
If it's open it's NOT properly shielded.  If it's shorted it MAY be properly
shielded.)   Further, whether or not the cable is shielded, putting one of
those snap-on ferrite core filters at each end of the video cable, plus one
each foot or so, does an excellent job preventing RF from propagating along
the cable shield and radiating.
Jim Bell, N7IJS.

@_date: 2000-10-13 11:53:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  Two items, of varying relevance to the list 
Maybe they've decided they need more "sprechenraum".
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-14 14:51:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: Rijndael & Hitachi 
The solution is obvious, to a chemist.  Make the glass door double-glazed,
sealed at the edges, and filled with hydrogen cyanide (prussic acid). (with
a smidgen of phosphoric acid added to prevent long-term polymerization.)
Jim Bell
BS Chem MIT '80

@_date: 2000-10-17 12:00:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
It may not be exactly what you had in mind, but I personally _observed_ the
"leak" (to the public) of RSA, but I simply didn't recognize what it was at
the time!  I believe it was late January/early February 1977 (but I could be
off a couple of months) and it was the beginning of my second semester of my
freshman year at MIT.  Due to the location of my dorm, "East Campus," I
frequently walked by the mathematics department and its bulletin boards on
the main floor.  Usually bulletin boards like that are filled with grades,
test results, problem set answers, and things like that.  But at this point,
they had something that wasn't identifiably of any of these categories.
"Exponentiation", "modulo arithmetic," "prime numbers", etc.
I wish I could see the thing again.  I didn't spend a lot of time on it, at
the time, but I would have if I'd known what it was.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-18 12:22:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
[deletia uber alles]
I'll stake my claim right here.  Very shortly after Algore called the
Internet the "Information Superhighway", I called FIDOnet "the Information
I ask this, what I believe would be an excellent idea for an article: Why
didn't the Internet develop even faster than it actually did?  9600 bps
modems existed in 1986, not all that far in performance behind 28Kbps units.
By 1986, numerous clones of the IBM PC and AT existed.
Compare this with the breakout of the fax machines in the 1985-86 timeframe.
I wish I had the numbers, but it seemed like at the beginning of 1985 few
companies had faxes, while by the end of that year "every" company did.  By
the end of 1986 that had spread to individuals, as well.
I'm not suggesting some sort of vast conspiracy to keep the Internet small.
But I think it could be found that 3-4 years were effectively wasted.  I
really want to know what the impediments to the Internet were in the
1986-1993 time frame.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-18 15:05:07
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
I seem to recall a news item which indicated that the arguments for this
case have already been made.  The claim was made by the cops that it was to
protect the fetus' health, to which one SC Justice  (female; don't recall
which one) responded by. in effect, saying that by the time the test was
made (presumably, shortly before birth) the damage, if any, had already been
I think this practice will fail, for the predictable reasons.

@_date: 2000-10-18 15:07:00
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
That sounds fast to the non-computer-literate public.  But I expect it was
nothing compared to the (business) market penetration of fax machines in
1985 and 86. That, and the thousands (tens of thousands?) of computer
bulletin-boards during that timeframe showed clearly that people wanted to
communicate using computers, in whatever ways were made available.
Well, I didn't say that it would look as beautiful as it does today, with
fancy graphics and all that,  but a lot of what the internet does today
(email, program transfer, some buying and selling) could still have been
done then, albeit a bit slower.   And it was; the problem is that 99+% of
the population couldn't get it, and certainly not for a reasonable price.
Imagine how many cars Detroit would sell if only 1% of the population had
access to the roads.
Other people have answered, and it sounds to me like the NSF (Insufficient
Funds?) simply kept the Internet bottled up by limiting access to it to
universities and government contractors.  Only when they let go of the
controls did things really take off.   Typical government bureaucracy.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-19 13:47:13
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) cpunk 
Maybe that problem is solved elsewhere.  To the extent that rising CO2
levels lead to that problem, that could be solved by getting rid of the
politicians who pass anti-hemp (burning hemp products merely re-cycles CO2
that was taken out of the atmosphere weeks/months ago, not millions of years
ago) laws and the cops (term used generically) who enforce them.  Naturally,
with a functioning AP system, of course!
And if you've been following science issues over the last few years, it is
now shown that dumping iron ions (at nanomolar levels) in the south Pacific
ocean greatly assists the growing of biota which sequester CO2 from the
atmosphere.  Sure, as easy as this may end up being, that's going to require
SOME effort and thus some cost, but perhaps it's a cost that would be
happily borne by the fossil-fuel users (being a tiny fraction of the cost of
the fuel itself) if they want to avoid some of their number being
occasionally and randomly bumped off by some Tuvalu-financed (Not to mention
Venice!) death-squads.
I think you'll find that what may start out by looking like "uncomfortable
contortions" look less and less uncomfortable as we abandon unstated
assumptions and dearly (or even subconsciously) held beliefs.

@_date: 2000-10-19 20:48:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: judges needing killing... 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sorta depends on your definition of fun, doesn't it?   B^)
True:  These days most or all  industrial uses are banned.
I beg to differ.  Check the material I downloaded below.  Acquiring PCB's
requires little more than the will to do it.  Believe me, I _know_.
The following comes from the site:
(found by using altavista, searching for     "polychlorinated biph*" AND
Where are PCBs found?
PCBs were used mainly in electrical transformers and capacitors, heat
transfer systems, and hydraulic systems. They were also used in inks and
carbonless copy paper and for a variety of other purposes, but the EPA ban
now prohibits almost all of these other uses. Nowadays, PCBs are found
mostly in transformers and capacitors. These may be contained in industrial
equipment (such as welding equipment), medical equipment (such as X-ray
machines), and household appliances (such as refrigerators and microwave
The ballasts of some fluorescent light fixtures contain PCBs. During normal
operation of a fluorescent light, the PCBs are entirely enclosed, and you
cannot be exposed to them. However, when the capacitor wears out, sometimes
it may burn or break and leak PCBs.
How can I tell whether a piece of equipment contains PCBs?
Check for a manufacturer's label, which may give the date of manufacture and
the trade name of the fluid. Some trade names that may refer to PCBs include
Aroclor, Askarel, Eucarel, Pyranol, Dykanol, Clorphen, Clorinol, Chlorextol,
Diaclor, Hyvol, Asbestol, Inerteen, Elemex, Saf-T-Kuhl, No-Flanol, Nepolin,
EEC-18, and others. Equipment manufactured after 1979 usually does not
contain PCBs. Most pre-1979 capacitors do contain PCBs, while many pre-1979
transformers do not. Transformers within buildings or vaults are more likely
to contain PCBs. New equipment should be labeled "No PCBs." PCBs are clear,
amber-colored, or dark oily liquids. They may have a faint smell like motor
oil, and some contain chlorobenzenes which make them smell like mothballs.
Fluorescent light ballasts may contain about an ounce of PCBs; a utility
pole capacitor or transformer may contain much more. Usually what leaks from
a burned-out light ballast is not PCBs but a black tarry material that is
used to muffle noise from the capacitor. However, it is safest to assume
that anything that leaks from a transformer, capacitor, or light ballast
contains PCBs, unless there is a "No PCBs" label on the equipment.

@_date: 2000-10-20 03:44:59
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Revolutionary toll: (was: "judges needing killing...") 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
The population of Revolutionary France (1793) was about 25 million.  The
death toll from The Terror, as I vaguely recall from reading it years ago,
was about 19,000.  Or, about 0.075% of the population, which is actually
quite small when you think about it.  The population of the US today is
about 260 million.  An equivalent per-capita death rate today would be
200,000 people:  This is, as I recall, substantially less than the number of
people who die early each year due to either alcoholism or tobacco-related
It's probably not coincidence that the selective removal of 200,000 today
would likely "do the job", despite the vast difference in today's society
and 18th century France.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-20 15:33:27
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Word. 
Sent: Friday, October 20, 2000 13:29 PM
Naturally, statists always run to the government for backup (gun-wielding
thugs) when they are in trouble.
So why is this even called "a political dirty trick?"   Don't they call this
"opposition research"?
Obviously a 1st-amendment violation.
[deletia flagrante]
"Plausible deniability is maintained!"
It seems there's a real problem with this.  Even if we assume the "legality"
of the anti-anonymous-attack law mentioned above, it seems to me that the
police would have no probable cause to investigate an incident when they had
no evidence that a crime had actually yet occurred.  This would be
particularly true if there was no other obvious crime being committed:  A
publication of true facts about a political candidate, even anonymously,
would not necessarily trigger the law's $300 limit.
Looks to me like the police were doing a political favor in looking into
this case.
Actually, it probably DIDN'T _really_ give them genuine "probable cause."
It gave them what should be best described as "possible cause":  It
indicated that Gunhus had POSSIBLY violated a (unconstitutional) law.  (Or
someone living with her, etc...)
("Probable cause" is one of the most seriously abused concepts in American
law these days, even more then "beyond a reasonable doubt."  IMNSHO, they
can't possibly have "probable cause" if they can't prove at least a 51%
probability that a crime has been committed and the location of the search
contained evidence of the crime.  They probably rarely have this.)
Seems he deserved it.

@_date: 2000-10-20 16:24:43
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Cost to "break" 1024-bit PGP (RSA) in 1997? 
I need an estimate of the cost to break a 1024-bit PGP key in 1997, given
then-existing algorithms and hardware, etc.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-21 19:16:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Killing Judges 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
My theory is that this kind of thing gets covered up whever the govt. can do
It was a little more than a year ago, but it's about time that I tell the CP
group about an incident that occurred the day after (June 3, 1999)  I was
sentenced at Tacoma Federal Court.  I had just "reamed the judge a new
asshole" with my commentary on June 2, and a fellow Seatac FDC inmate was
taken to court the next day (with the same judge, Franklin Burgess,
interestingly enough) to be sentenced for whatever he did (or didn't do,
dependng...)   (He told me what happened the subsequent day; apparently they
were all still in a bad mood because of what I'd said...)
During his proceedings, there was apparently some bomb, or bomb threat.  (He
overheard a couple of US Marshals talking about what was happening; whether
those Marshals were, themselves, well-informed is unknown.  Everyone else
was evacuated from the courtroom, but he was left behind, locked inside.
Naturally, he was pissed for obvious reasons.  (His public-defender lawyer
was Miriam Schwartz, in case anyone wants to hear more about this from a
different perspective.)  What he heard was that there was an explosion of
some kind:  Whether this was a real bomb or just some idiot Feds blowing up
someone's lunch-bucket with a shotgun shell, he didn't know.
Despite careful searching of the two local newspapers, Seattle Times and the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer (PI), no indication of this incident could be
found.  Likewise, nobody I talked to ever saw a reference to this incident
on any local TV-news programs.
I made a mental note to myself to look into this when I had an opportunity.
A few weeks ago, I was reminded of this when a nearby (Clark County,
Washington) courthouse was bombed (no, it wasn't me!  (B I mean in the US, not elsewhere it's acceptable culling.

@_date: 2000-10-21 21:56:54
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Cost to "break" 1024-bit PGP (RSA) in 1997? 
Sent: Saturday, October 21, 2000 21:09 PM
"For those, there are thumbscrews."
Wouldn't work, at least as stated.  The "secret key" in PGP doesn't contain
the passphrase, which is also necessary.  Besides, "breaking in" would be
illegal, wouldn't it?  Imagine what would (will?) happen when that incident
becomes public?  Because it will.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-22 02:15:18
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Nuclear waste 
Angular momentum.   Putting waste into the Sun requires the removal of
nearly all of the angular momentum associated with the revolution around the
sun, about 66,700 mph.  Since energy is proportional to the square of the
velocity, that's about 6 times greater energy than achieving earth's escape
velocity, or maybe 15 times greater than low-earth-orbit energy.   Extremely
A far better solution, I'd think, would be to drill a 5-mile deep hole
(perhaps on the ocean floor, for good measure) and fill the bottom couple of
miles with waste, and the rest with concrete.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-22 23:22:28
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
If this were an episode on  the original tv series "Star Trek," this would
be the point where SaperRobot notices the contradiction, freezes up, and
Kirk and Spock push him into the Transporter and beam him out to infinity.
Roll credits.  Commercial.  Etc.
Jim Bell
(for a big laugh, try:                   )

@_date: 2000-10-24 02:06:32
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Selective news coverage  (was "Killing judges.") 
her if
I wasn't particularly dinging her for ignoring "some" bomb threats.   I
mentioned this comment to relay what her (the newspaper's) stated position
was.  But "some" pretty quickly turns into "all", and -that- turns into
"let's help
the government cover up embarrassing facts about real bombs."  (In place of
"bombs," insert "any sort of incident that the government would want to call
The World Trade Center bomb, as I vaguely recall from some Internet
revelations a few years back, was actually bought and paid-for by
US-Government money, funnelled through an informant.  (Agent provocateur?
Very embarrassingly, he taped his conversations not merely with the other
bombers, but also the government agents!)   I think the public ought to
learn this kind of thing, but they won't if the government has anything to
say about it.   Maybe the reason that bombers (or, terrorists in general)
ratchet up the severity of their attacks is to ensure that the news media
won't be able to ignore them.
At the time, of course, you wouldn't have known that an inmate had been left
inside the courtroom while everyone else was evacuated.  I emailed the
Post-Intelligencer to find out what I still don't know, after over a year:
What really
happened that day?  And who knew what, and when did they know it?  The PI
assistant editor is unwilling to tell me, nor is she willing to tell me who
she contacted after I sent my inquiry to her.
as a
Yes, the news media legal "terrain" in 2000 is dramatically different than
the 1990 situation.  The blurring of the line between ordinary citizens and
traditional news media  ("the Matt Drudge effect"...uh, sorry, the "Declan
McCullagh effect"  B^) ) has probably made it fairly difficult for the
government to "go after" people who expend effort to expose/embarrass the
government, even if they aren't associated with a traditional news-media
organization.  These days, one of the few things that government can do to
keep the playing field un-level is to deny un-sympathetic  net journalists
access to press conferences, etc.  'course, you know more about this than I
Check out the site,     .   And read the article that
introduces it, at:
 An excerpt from it follows:
------------------begin excerpt-------------
There is nothing unusual about Hillary being booed in New York. It happens
all the time. When Hillary marched in the Saint Patrick's Day parade in
March, she ran a 45-block gauntlet of boos and catcalls. She was also booed
when she marched in the Salute to Israel parade in June.
What was different about last Thursday, though, is that the mass media
actually reported the booing. Usually, they pretend it never happened.
When Eva Peron walked among her subjects, she often planted fake supporters
in the crowds, who would cheer for the cameras. Hillary uses similar
My wife and I watched Hillary march in the Columbus Day parade last week, on
Fifth Avenue. There were plenty of booers and catcallers, as usual. But,
wherever Hillary walked, a mob of about 50 operatives ran, in tight
formation, on either side of the street, brandishing "Hillary" signs and
screaming their support for the First Lady.
Thus, the photographers and TV crews - if they angled their shots right -
could always make it seem as if the First Lady were surrounded by adoring
------------excerpt ends-----------
The appeal of the "slap Hillary" website, I think, comes from the same  gut
level as the usual reaction to my AP system when it's described to people.
I can't imagine having been the first to say it, but long ago (Musta been 20
years ago in "internet years")  I said "you can't appeal a bullet."
(Today, I can't find even a single reference to 'can't appeal a bullet' on
Altavista nor Deja.com.  Haven't checked the CP archives yet.)
No matter how rabid, no Hillary-supporter can possibly "appeal" the website
away, or the inestimable joy of giving our own "Hillarita Peron"  a big one.
"You can't appeal a slap."
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-24 02:53:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Say Goodnight to Joshua, Mr. Anonymous 
Sorry, but I didn't particularly appreciate the musical telephone call.   An
overenthusiastic colleague, perhaps?  Before I was satisfied to look into
people who had, unfortunately, allowed their property to be used against me.
I found out most of what I needed to know about them, months ago,  and they
will be dragged through the (legal) dirt as soon as that's needed to get the
rest of the infromation.   (Have you told them, yet?  I'm think a few of
them caught on already: they're not very good actors.)
So I decided to respond by doing a couple of hours of research, and combine
that with a few hours of field-trip.   Yes, that one.  Just a "show the
flag" circuit.  Intended to be seen.  Mapmaking for a process server?   Just
a reminder.
So say goodnight to Joshua, Mr. Anonymous.  Tell him it's not his fault that
his father is a thug.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-24 16:52:25
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Re: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk?) 
Remember what Beetlejuice said about it:  "I've seen 'The Exorcist' a dozen
(?) times and it keeps getting funnier each time I see it!"

@_date: 2000-10-25 14:01:24
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
Could it be a sophisticated denial-of-service attack?  B^)

@_date: 2000-10-25 14:49:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) cpunk 
My back-of-the-computerized-envelope calculation shows that it would take
5900 metric tons (2200 lbs) to load a volume of 100km by 100km by 100 meters
of water with 100 nanomolar level of iron ion.  (weight counts only that of
iron, not the anion.)  Big supertankers hold approximately 400,000 tons of
oil, which happens to be much less dense than iron oxide.
I haven't read much on the results of the experiment done, but my impression
is that this kind of iron fertilizing is very much worth doing.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-25 16:50:06
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Congress proposes raiding census records. 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
BTW, I wonder if anyone else on this list is aware that the inmate
population of Phoenix Federal Correctional Intitute is about 40% Mexican.
Not "mexican-american."  The average American's illusion is that when an
illegal alien is found he's immediately kicked across the border.  Well, the
first time maybe, but there is now a 2-year sentence for illegal entry for
repeat offenders.  Very convenient, because the majority of prison guards
are probably ex-US Military-types who "need" to be kept in the Federal fold.
For every couple of beaners they keep, they get to hire another guard.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-25 17:35:55
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Sent: Wednesday, October 25, 2000 15:34 PM
Here is a list of all driver's licenses in Oregon in 1996 that contain
"DEFOREST".   Notice the last entry:
"MC CAULEY, DALE DEFOREST","3314 SE
"MC FARLAND, DAVID DEFOREST","36003 E CROWN PT
"MCFARLAND, DANIEL DEFOREST","36003 E CROWN POINT
"MILBURN, DONALD DEFOREST","653 SMITH ROCK
"MUELLER, SCOTT DEFOREST","1823 GARNET PL                 WA","PO BOX
Here is a car for "Scott Deforest Mueller", registered in Oregon but with
the Chelan, Washington, address.
---------- s.txt
,"MUELLER, SCOTT DEFOREST",50,7,10,2005706,"MUELLER, KIM
MARIE",59,11,8,3772314,"1823 GARNET PL                    WA","PO BOX
And here is the data from 1997 license plates.
---------- sal
SAL903 1CHEV VA1GBEG25H5G7185373   9535286527861990916MUELLER, SCOTT
DEFOREST             MUELLER, KIM MARIE                  20830 DIONE WAY
BENDPO BOX 486                          CHELAN            WA9881660
I'll look up the information for "Kim Marie Mueller" later on today.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-26 18:02:52
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Gore's Misleading us   (was: Congress proposes raiding census records.) 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Thursday, October 26, 2000 10:58 AM
It's called illegal entry.  Probably most countries have such laws, although
whether they are quite so actively enforced as southwestern US is a
In the last day or two, Gore promised (in response to Bush's criticism) that
he wouldn't increase the size of the Federal Government.  (Don't know the
exact wording, but I think it was based on the number of employees.)
Sounds reassuring?  No way.  Over the last 10 years the US military has
shrunk due to the end of the Cold War, etc.  As it should, and in fact it
should probably shrink a lot more. ( I wish I had the exact figures with
me.)  But what has happened is that many ex-military-types were simply
shifted to other areas of the Federal Government.  Sure, the overall size of
government is smaller, but not nearly as much as it could have been if the
non-military areas of government were fixed in size and did not help absorb
the overflow.
If anyone has the statistics, I'd like to read the details.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-27 03:07:17
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Denver Judge rules Cops can seize bookstore records 
It's about as "possible" as the "possibility" of the sun coming up over the
horizon tomorrow morning.
We all know that the system really doesn't work the way it is supposed to.
The standard is SUPPOSED to be "probable cause" which should arguably mean
that "the policeman knows that a crime has been committed and that there is
at least a 51% probability that evidence of that  crime is at the place in
question."  But in fact logic is totally ignored.
We already know that the only evidence likely at the book store is that
which points to the identity of the person who bought the book on the
subject of drugs.  Buying that book was not, in itself, a crime.  And, in
fact, the purchase of the book may have occurred before the
drug-lab-manufacturing "crime."   Thus, it is obvious that there is
virtually certain to be no evidence at the book store of the crime for which
the police are investigating.
In fact, what the police are looking for might best be called "non-crime
evidence."  Information tending to prove or disprove acts which were NOT
Iinterestingly enough, as far as I know the "justice system" (yucch!)
doesn't have a separate term for "evidence that is  not the evidence of a
crime."  It's just called "evidence."  There's a problem with this, as I
learned firsthand:  Authorities drop by, take lots of stuff, and then tell
the news media that "evidence was collected and removed."  Problem is,
neither at the time it was taken nor later was it actually "evidence" of
some sort of crime.  What they actually should have said was that
"non-evidence was taken" but expecting them to be that honest is futile.
If anybody is aware of a commonly (or, even, uncommonly) used term for
"non-evidence-evidence" I' like to hear it.
In this case, I'd say the issue is more like "consequenceless book-buying,"
not publishing.  Nobody is talking about charging the book store with any
crime.  I think that businesses (including bookstores) should be entitled to
do business with customers, giving binding promises to not share information
about those transactions with anybody including police and courts, perhaps
unless the transaction itself was criminal.
Anybody ever heard of "impairment of contract"?
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-27 23:47:14
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Fw: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Notice the DOB's:  7/10/1959 for Scott Mueller, 11/8/1959 for Kim Mueller
Sorry about the extra delay.  Very interesting results for year 2000.  Looks
like the Muellers got a new Chevy, from SAL903 to the current VCV976
8,11,"MUELLER, DEFOREST SCOTT",0,0,0,9638546,"",0,0,0,0,"20830 DIONE
WAY","","BEND","OR",97701,9,"",2,1999,2,11,0,0,"","BANK OF THE
CASCADES","","2542 N HIGHWAY 97               RDMD","PO BOX
Here's an interesting addition. I ran a year 2000 license plate search for
all Oregon plates registered to 20830 Dione Way, Bend OR, and this popped up
as well.
10,13,"ASHE, JOHN R",1953,4,2,6699949,"ASHE, ANNA
E",1960,1,14,6699973,"20830 DIONE
Interestingly enough, GO.COM lists a John Ashe at 8 Todd Ln, Bend, OR,
97707, phone number 541-593-2784
More later
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-28 00:44:33
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
[stuff deleted]
[stuff deleted]
Notice the DOB for John is 4/2/1953, Anna's is 1/14/1960.
Turns out that there is no "John Ashe" nor "Anna Ashe" in either the year
2000 nor year 1996 Oregon DMV databases.  They are probably just aliases for
the Muellers.

@_date: 2000-10-29 01:02:42
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mobile phone guns seized 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
on the keypad are among a stockpile of deadly gadgets seized by police after
being smuggled into The Netherlands from Yugoslavia.
Okay, but how many cents per minute, huh?  Do I gotta sign a contract?  Is
the data stream encrypted with GSM?  What's the talk-time?  Roaming charges?
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-10-30 13:21:44
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
Exactly correct.  Under libertarian principles they are fully guilty of
initiating "force and/or fraud".   And there are no "statutes of limitation"
on our response to these people regardless of current law.
Now would be an excellent time for anyone to go to their county voter's
registration office, and order a copy of the voter's registration database
for current and future use.
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-09-15 23:33:50
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Some interesting progress 
Jessica and Darcy:
I've been doing a lot of local research at the Clark County (Washington)
courthouse, and by telephone to the Multnomah County (Oregon) and Clackamas
County (Oregon) , and I've discovered how the government thugs originally
paid off Ryan Thomas Lund.  They did it in two separate ways.
First:  Federal courts do sentencing on a matrix system, combining both
prior criminal history of the defendant and the seriousness of the existing
offense.    (See United States Sentencing Guide).   The government gave Lund
a phony sentence by manipulating both his "criminal history" and the
"offense level."   Lund was sentenced as if he had a criminal history
category of "V", when he should have been sentenced as if he was in column
"VI".  Lund was previously guilty of four felonies, and perhaps over 10
misdemeanors, easily justifying a column "VI" classification. ( Alone, this
would have increased his sentencing range from "27-30" months to "30-37"
But in addition, for the purposes of the sentencing the government also
faked the offense level:  Check Sentencing Guide 2K2.1, and you'll see as a
person previously guilty of two "controlled substances felonies" (one in
Clackamas County Or. and one in Clark County Wash., both in 1994) he should
have gotten a "base offense level" of (24-2=22), rather than the (14-2=12)
he was actually given.  (In either case, 2 points are usually removed for
"acceptance of responsibility.")
But in addition, Lund possessed a gun in connection with his ongoing
business of trafficking methamphetamine and buying and selling illegal
drugs, so he should have gotten an additional 4  points for that.
(28-2=26).     Check the sentencing matrix for the proper sentence for a
"criminal history" of "VI" and an offense level of 26, and you'll see that
his proper sentence should have been 120-150 months (10-12.5 years.)   (the
sentencing included a collusive "stipulation" by the government that he
didn't possess the gun in connection with that illegal activity, but in fact
the contrary was the case and the search warrant served July 2, 1997 was
obtained for the purposes of collecting drug-sales evidence.  (Check with
Portland BATF agent Mike McNall, who was present on the search, despite the
fact that it was not a Federal search warrant.  I suspect it was agent
McNall who did the deal with Lund.)
In short, Lund was saved about 8 years of time for...what???  Well, I know,
and you now already know because I've told you.  He was offered this deal,
probably on November 21, 1997,  for the "job" he agreed to do a few days
later for the government.  That "job" was a crime:  attacking and
intimidating me (which he did on November 25, 1997) to accept a phony,
crooked plea deal that the government never intended to honor.
The second way he was paid off is really interesting:  At the end of 1998,
Lund filed a lawsuit against the Federal government, based on the claim that
he had slipped and fallen while taking a shower while (alone, no witnesses,
etc)  in "the hole" on December 14, 1997.  This date was two days after my
sentencing date on December 12, 1997.  I suspect that my crooked lawyer
Peter Avenia passed the word to various other government people (prosecutor,
etc) that, to Avenia,  I accused Lund (and his handlers in the government)
of coordinating the attack.   I wouldn't be surprised to hear, later, that
the US Marshals actually got a hold of Lund and retaliated (by roughing him
up) against him for "spilling the beans".
In any case, apparently Lund had real injuries, although I don't know the
details.  The last reference in the civil case file was that the government
and Lund had settled the case (for what amount, they did not say) in August
2000.    I now have copies of that civil case file, as well as numerous
other Lund papers.  Wanna see 'em???
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-09-15 23:34:08
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Some interesting progress 
Jessica and Darcy:
I've been doing a lot of local research at the Clark County (Washington)
courthouse, and by telephone to the Multnomah County (Oregon) and Clackamas
County (Oregon) , and I've discovered how the government thugs originally
paid off Ryan Thomas Lund.  They did it in two separate ways.
First:  Federal courts do sentencing on a matrix system, combining both
prior criminal history of the defendant and the seriousness of the existing
offense.    (See United States Sentencing Guide).   The government gave Lund
a phony sentence by manipulating both his "criminal history" and the
"offense level."   Lund was sentenced as if he had a criminal history
category of "V", when he should have been sentenced as if he was in column
"VI".  Lund was previously guilty of four felonies, and perhaps over 10
misdemeanors, easily justifying a column "VI" classification. ( Alone, this
would have increased his sentencing range from "27-30" months to "30-37"
But in addition, for the purposes of the sentencing the government also
faked the offense level:  Check Sentencing Guide 2K2.1, and you'll see as a
person previously guilty of two "controlled substances felonies" (one in
Clackamas County Or. and one in Clark County Wash., both in 1994) he should
have gotten a "base offense level" of (24-2=22), rather than the (14-2=12)
he was actually given.  (In either case, 2 points are usually removed for
"acceptance of responsibility.")
But in addition, Lund possessed a gun in connection with his ongoing
business of trafficking methamphetamine and buying and selling illegal
drugs, so he should have gotten an additional 4  points for that.
(28-2=26).     Check the sentencing matrix for the proper sentence for a
"criminal history" of "VI" and an offense level of 26, and you'll see that
his proper sentence should have been 120-150 months (10-12.5 years.)   (the
sentencing included a collusive "stipulation" by the government that he
didn't possess the gun in connection with that illegal activity, but in fact
the contrary was the case and the search warrant served July 2, 1997 was
obtained for the purposes of collecting drug-sales evidence.  (Check with
Portland BATF agent Mike McNall, who was present on the search, despite the
fact that it was not a Federal search warrant.  I suspect it was agent
McNall who did the deal with Lund.)
In short, Lund was saved about 8 years of time for...what???  Well, I know,
and you now already know because I've told you.  He was offered this deal,
probably on November 21, 1997,  for the "job" he agreed to do a few days
later for the government.  That "job" was a crime:  attacking and
intimidating me (which he did on November 25, 1997) to accept a phony,
crooked plea deal that the government never intended to honor.
The second way he was paid off is really interesting:  At the end of 1998,
Lund filed a lawsuit against the Federal government, based on the claim that
he had slipped and fallen while taking a shower while (alone, no witnesses,
etc)  in "the hole" on December 14, 1997.  This date was two days after my
sentencing date on December 12, 1997.  I suspect that my crooked lawyer
Peter Avenia passed the word to various other government people (prosecutor,
etc) that, to Avenia,  I accused Lund (and his handlers in the government)
of coordinating the attack.   I wouldn't be surprised to hear, later, that
the US Marshals actually got a hold of Lund and retaliated (by roughing him
up) against him for "spilling the beans".
In any case, apparently Lund had real injuries, although I don't know the
details.  The last reference in the civil case file was that the government
and Lund had settled the case (for what amount, they did not say) in August
2000.    I now have copies of that civil case file, as well as numerous
other Lund papers.  Wanna see 'em???
Jim Bell

@_date: 2000-09-19 20:50:45
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Official misbehavior 
I'm working on Item 2 below.
Jim Bell
12 Apr 1999 07:41:10 EDT." <3711DBD6.78EB1609 at shentel.net>
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM
If there is anything to the speculation below, then perhaps
J.G.&Co. are open to be hit where it hurts.  Also Tim May's
complaints about SSN-disclosure and character defamation might
gain legal traction?  And the unsigned, vaguely threatening
messages that have been received by JYA and many other list
members, both recently and immediately after the JB arrest?
There are two possible developments that could yield a really
happy ending here:
1.  CJ's aquittal after a 1st Amendment defense.
2.  Some good evidence of official misbehavior turns up and is
leveraged into a solid criminal case against the loose cannons.

@_date: 2000-09-19 23:38:39
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: RC4 source as a literate program 
I can't fault the accuracy of your comment, Tim.  Interestingly enough,
however, the usual "it's who you know" seems to control what happens.  From
a Guest Editorial published today in the Oregonian newspaper by Elizabeth
Drew, author of the book "The Corruption of American Politics; What went
wrong and why."
"In 1996, Common Cause filed a complaint with the Justice Department.  It
maintained that the soft-money ads themselves violated the law and that
there was a clear pattern of coordination between the candidates campaigns
and the national committees.  Following the usual O.K. Corral scene at the
Justic Department, Attorney General Janet Reno--without investigating the
complaint--ruled that since the Clinton Campaign had consulted its lawyers,
no criminal intent was involved, and closed the case.  (FBI Director Louis
Freeh, Charles LaBella, Reno's chosen chief prosecutor for the campaign
finance task force, and others objected vehembently to this course of
nonaction.)  Reno bucked the issue over to the feckless Federal Elections
Commission, which did what it usually does:  nothing."  But before the FEC
buried the issue, its general counsel, Lawrence Noble, did find that party
ads violated election laws and recommended the campaigns repay millions of
dollars."     [end of quote]
The real  problem with the "I consulted my lawyer so there's no criminal
intent" is that government simply does not follow its own rules.  But I've
got a solution to that problem.
Jim Bell
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, September 19, 2000 15:34 PM

@_date: 2000-09-20 23:53:05
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re; cover your glass 
There is a easily-available kind of architectural glass  called "Azurelite"
(PPG Industries) (read:  "Cheap") which would transmit less than 2% (single
pass) of 900nm infrared in a 45 degree "brewster window" configuration.  For
two passes, that's 0.03% reflection even if the underlying scope optics
reflected 100%.  In other words, vastly less reflection than even a black
piece of paper.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Wednesday, September 20, 2000 21:58 PM

@_date: 2000-09-24 11:51:19
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CRYPTIC SEDUCTION -- CYPHERPUNK SPECIAL 
So what's "Cryptic Seduction"?   Sorry, but I've been, uh, "away."
Jim Bell
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, September 24, 2000 10:37 AM

@_date: 2000-09-27 15:57:01
@_author: jim bell 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Wednesday, September 27, 2000 3:52 AM
You probably don't understand how this IR  technology works. And you almost
certainly don't understand how American police are SUPPOSED to treat such
evidence.  This system merely allows one to measure the temperature of the
outside surface a building without touching it.  (modulo emissivity issues).
Alone, that tells you practically nothing about the contents of the
Now, American police are supposed to work on the standard of "probable
cause."  While, thank heaven, I'm not a lawyer, I have experience with the
high level of dishonesty in various police-type organizations in America.
"Probable cause" OUGHT to mean that the police have determined that, more
likely than not, a crime is being committed as evidenced by a particular
piece of evidence.  But evidence of a warm house is just and only that:
Evidence of a warm house. That warmth may be due to no more than a lack of
insulation, a mis-set thermostat, an invalid who requires higher temperature
to feel comfortable, etc.
No, the problem is that the cops take what would constitute reasonable
evidence of a warm house,  and parlay it into supposed "probable cause" that
a crime is being committed.  Totally bogus concept.  Extreme stretch.  What
the police are REALLY doing is "wowing"  some marginally-intelligent judge
with high-tech, diverting attention from the fact that the evidence doesn't
actually support what it would need to support to obtain the warrant.
