
@_date: 1993-12-02 10:08:35
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Key Escrow a *GAD* thing 
Because the spelling of my last name is fairly uncommon, and someone
used a pseudonym that happens to be a good part of said name, I just
wanted to make it clear that an4914 at anon.penet.fi is not me, and I
have no idea who "Nitch" actually is.
Sorry to waste bandwidth on that... with the heated discussion on
pseudospoofing etc I don't want to get caught in the cross-fire.
- Jim Nitchals
QuickTime team, Apple Computer Inc.

@_date: 1993-12-03 00:08:45
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Nitch (also re: steganography) 
Fired?  Hehe.. I'd sincerely expect more from my employers than to
get upset at something I post to a mailing list.
Thanks for the reply.  Now.. to increase the signal-to-noise ratio a
bit.. (hopefully a few people on the list read this one anyway) there
was a mention of using the LSB of a picture for steganography, and the
ensuing difficulty in hiding the results.
An idea I've had is to hide the data as the exclusive-or of several
LSB's within the image.  There are two problems with using the LSB
of *every* pixel: the obvious distribution of 1's and 0's, and the
resulting loss of compressability of the resulting image.
A 320x200 image can hold 8,000 bytes of data in the LSB, which is
probably more capacity than most messages need.  If instead we use
1 bit of steganographic data for 8 pixel LSB's, the capacity is
still about 1K, and it should be easier to hide the steganographic
signature because only 1 LSB out of 8 needs to be changed if the
parity is wrong.
If using GIF or other lossless encoder, we can tweak LSB's in ways
that actually *reduce* compressed file size.  As long as we're
tossing out the LSB as usable picture information, let's get some
benefit from it.
Assuming matching JPEG encoders and decoders on the sending and
receiving end, a JPEG image could theoretically store steganographic
data by tweaking the quantized DCT coefficients until they matched
the desired steganographic output.  The extra beauty here is that
not all JPEG decoders are built the same, so the output may not
be bit-for-bit the same.  Decoding the steganographic data would
require not only a knowledge of the algorithm, but a matching JPEG
decoder as well.

@_date: 1993-12-09 14:01:02
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: new electronic cash card to be tested in UK 
Ian Turton writes, in part:
[portions of discussion on money cards deleted]> When cash is lost, the value of all remaining money in the system
increases, and everyone holding money benefits from reduced inflation.
When a money card (as proposed) is lost, the backing money eventually
returns to use, profiting the bank that issues the cards, unless some
protections are put in place.
These cash cards are a bank's dream come true in other ways: they get
full use of the float on the money backing the cash cards.  For every
day a money card goes unused, the banks can lend and invest the card
holder's money even as it sits in his wallet.
The idea of an S&L investing my money card's backing money in junk
bonds makes me nervous.  I'd like full disclosure on how each bank
issuing cards invests or uses backing money.
This scheme isn't any worse in theory than Traveller's cheques, but if
their goal is to eliminate all actual cash from the marketplace, the
actual amount of money involved would make even American Express blush
with greedy embarrassment.
Without addressing the privacy issue as well as the inflation and
investing issues I've brought up, they'll never be able to achieve
their goal of widespread consumer acceptance.

@_date: 1994-04-12 13:25:52
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Alias in phone book 
I doubt it's illegal to use an alias for the white pages.  Pac Bell
listed me as "Spaceman Spiff" in the '87 or '88 Palo Alto white
pages.  Only a few people bothered to call and see if there was
"really" a Spaceman Spiff at my number :)
The reasons for the strange name were: I didn't want to pay for an
unlisted number, and Spaceman Spiff was my pseudonym on a BBS that
discouraged use of real names.
Of course the law may have changed; Pac Bell may have let my request
slide by accident; I'm not a lawyer etc.
Just supplying a point of information on the subject,
- Jim Nitchals
(jimn8 at netcom.com)

@_date: 1994-04-15 12:59:57
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Leahy on Supreme Court? 
In an article on clari.news.gov.usa, Sen. Patrick Leahy was mentioned
as a possible candidate for Supreme Court nomination.
critically regarding privacy and commerce issues.  Would it make
sense to encourage his nomination, where we might have an ally on
the Supreme Court, or to discourage it and leave him in charge of
the committees?
Who's likely to succeed Leahy in the telecommunications committee,
and do we know their stance on Clipper?
- Jim Nitchals
(jimn8 at netcom.com)

@_date: 1994-02-01 10:05:28
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
Kirk writes,
Let me argue against Usenet archiving on a different point.  Archiving
violates the poster's implicit right to cancel or provide an expiration
date for his posting.
Do Usenet archivers provide a revised CD-ROM with the cancelled posts
removed on a regular basis, and ensure the original disks are returned?
Without such a guarantee, the owners of those messages aren't able to
exercise reasonable control over the messages.
There's a clear harm done when a cancel message isn't honored in this
situation: a potential employer may see a message written in anger or
the author was in an exceptionally bad state of mind, yet the author
(responsibly) sent out a cancel message just after the CD-ROM happened
to be pressed.
A second-hand copy of such an incriminating message is hearsay, and
should rightfully be considered with suspicion by a potential employer,
but a Usenet CD-ROM carries considerably more weight.
I'm not a lawyer, but it *seems* to me that when you publish a message
from a set of newsgroups containing a 'control' group that allows
retraction of messages, you're agreeing to honor those retractions when
they're issued by the original poster.  If that's not obvious enough,
when a message contains an expiration date, the author CLEARLY has a
reasonable expectation of having it honored.  I'd go further and say
there's a strongly implied agreement that says, "if you want to use
and republish this information, you must honor my expiration date."
Most of us have special words for someone who refuses to honor such
an implied agreement, even if it's made void by the message being
considered "in the public domain."

@_date: 1994-02-01 16:30:45
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
I've already said it.  I own the copyright to my posts, and only permit
them to be distributed by Usenet because I can *cancel* and provide
expiration dates with my posts.  CD-ROMs do not provide these standard
Usenet message control features.
If I issue a cancel message, it's obvious that I'm asserting control
over the further distribution of my content (sites that ignore them
notwithstanding.)  Any time a CD-ROM is published with my message, and
it contains an expiration date or is later cancelled, the publication
violates my right as a copyright holder to retract my message.
[portions deleted]                         >  No providers of usenet news
My expiration dates or cancel messages are perfectly reasonable ways
to communicate the way in which I'm exercising my copyright.  Netcom
and other service providers currently honor those communications, but
CD-ROM publishers of Usenet news do not.

@_date: 1994-02-01 16:40:47
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
[portions deleted]
There is.  Copyright 1994 James Nitchals.  Duplication and redistribution
rights permitted only until the expiration date or issuance of a cancel
message by the author.
CD-ROM publishers cannot honor the request except by reissuing the CD-ROM
without my content.  Anyone who backs up their home directory is safe,
but if they redistribute my article after it's expired or cancelled, they
are in violation of my copyright.

@_date: 1994-02-20 15:01:26
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Key escrow for all encryption? 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
Please gently correct my misinterpretation of the White House
press release.  I read it to state that commercial encryption
must embody key escrow, even if it's not Clipper.
Does this mean we must turn over our one-time pads and our
PGP private keys to a government agency?  I don't like this.
Not one bit.
Perhaps the CPSR request for votes should have read, "I oppose
key escrow," not just "I oppose Clipper."
- Jim Nitchals

@_date: 1994-02-23 18:49:40
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Speaking of disinformation... 
Mike Godwin wrote,
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE.
      This Act may be cited as the "Digital Telephony and Communications
Privacy Improvement Act of 1994."
Amazing!  In consideration of the fact that the proposed Act has
absolutely no provisions for improving privacy whatsoever, one
must wonder if we're a level playing field when we ARE 100% honest
and forthright about our concerns over privacy and Clipper.
The level of dishonesty is rising daily.  The administration's
statement that we're not entitled as a matter of right to unbreakable
encryption of our own choosing (never mind our right to be secure
in our person and effects) got to me.  The press release stating
that alternative forms of encryption *THAT EMBODY KEY ESCROW* will
be permitted went without notice or comment, even here.  And now
a proposed bill whose very title is an outright lie-- does anyone
know of a *better* country to live in?  This one is looking scarier
by the day.
And no, I don't want to live on any floating concrete blocks out
in the Atlantic.  I've written the letters, signed the e-petitions,
and know the math behind public key encryption well enough to write
my own if I had to.  What more can I do?  I value my privacy more
than my safety, but have a hard time getting that concept across
to others.
- Jim

@_date: 1994-07-10 10:04:41
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Faster bit count on 680x0 
A few ways of counting bits without a lookup table were proposed.
Here's a method that should be faster:
; (preamble)
     move.w (source)+,d0
     clr.w  d1
     clr.w  d2   ; bit count
; body of code that counts bits
     repeat 16   ; repeat the following section of code 16 times:
     add.w d0,d0 ; shift most significant bit into carry
     addx.w d1,d2 ; add zero in d1 plus carry bit to bitcount in d2
     rpe         ; end of repeated section
The result in d2 is the number of 1 bits in (source).  The repeated
section of code is 64 bytes long, well under the cache size of an '020,
so it can be repeatedly executed to count multiple source words without
having to reload the instruction cache.
My duties at Apple have constrained how much I can do for speech
compression at modem rates (a project I want to do for secure phone
applications, Cypherpunk style) but if anyone has some 68K code they'd
like optimized, drop me email.  Freeware type efforts preferred-- I
already have a job :)
- Jim Nitchals
QuickTime engineering team
Apple Computer, Inc.

@_date: 1994-07-26 11:19:22
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: Garage Door opener, etc... 
I'm in favor of a one-way transmission system, even though a challenge-
response system is more fun.  The costs are much higher for a remote with
both transmitter and a receiver sensitive enough to work without a decent
The remote and opener could exchange a list of OTP entry codes.  The list
could be sufficiently large that docking would be unnecessary for months.
With a public key system, the remote could transmit its OTP by radio,
eliminating the need for docking hardware.
The opener should not accept codes out of order.  If it accepts code 'n'
from the OTP list, it should ignore codes 1..n thereafter.  That helps to
reduce the risk of having your remote "borrowed" for awhile to acquire
I like the OTP because the message size can be set arbitrarily small
as a tradeoff of transmission time against security level.  With full
message encryption, the minimum message is necessarily bulky.
For example, the minimum DES block size is 64 bits.  With a OTP, though,
a 48 bit number might suffice.  Assume the OTP is 2^7 entries long, and
transmission takes a second.    A hacker can generate abouabout 2^22 tries
in a full month if he's broadcasting continuously.  The odds of succeeding
in finding a 48 bit OTP entry would be about (48-22-7), or 1 in 2^19,
in that time.  Again, transmission speed is an important issue.  The
overall responsiveness and convenience of a system can hinge on trivial
details like the number of bits in a message sent by slow radio.
If you're uncomfortable with a 1 in 500,000 chance of being hacked by
a persistent criminal who'd rather not break into your car or find another
point of entry, by all means bump up the OTP entry size to 64 bits.
I could be wrong about transmission time, but it's my impression that
it's a lot easier to shovel a few dozen bits per second through a cheap
transmitter than a few thousand.  It makes sense not to redesign the
transmitter anyway (FCC approval can be a pain sometimes!)
- Jim Nitchals

@_date: 1994-03-01 00:05:09
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: *Time Magazine* article on Clipper 
(Sorry for the "from" and "to" names; I'm using elm and it just doesn't
format the headers in a way that the Cypherpunks list software's happy with)
America Online goofed, and let a preliminary description of this week's
Time magazine remain online after Time pulled an article on Clipper at
the last minute.
I've got a screen snapshot of the welcome screen containing the promo
text, as well as email from Tom Mandel, who maintains the Time Online
information.  He says it was pulled due to late breaking news.
So, if Time puts out an article favorable to Clipper, and distracting
the public's attention from mandated key escrow, it might make sense
to do a little investigative journalism of our own.
Not that I'd accuse Time of knuckling under to Administration pressure
to pull the article, or making revisions based on NSA "advice."
Are EFF and CPSR doing everything possible to get media attention?
Can't the EFF hold a press conference and hand out a "Big Brother"
award to whichever congresscritter has done the most to hurt the
cause of privacy?  Any of the sponsors of the FBI Wiretap bill would
do.  A little heavy adverse publicity might give pause to other
critters, at least the ones up for re-election anyway.
- Jim Nitchals

@_date: 1994-03-16 21:38:45
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: OTP for remailers? 
I hope this isn't redundant; if this idea has been covered, sorry.
Wouldn't it make sense for remailers to use OTP's for encryption?
Public keys are great, but they can be black-bagged.  I'd imagine
that a copy of the private key to a popular remailer could be
very valuable to anyone who could monitor remailer traffic
A one-time pad on CD-ROM should hold enough pad data to last
for several days' worth of data sent between remailers, even at
high message volumes.  So OTP's could be used practically between
friendly remailers.
Do existing remailers change their public keys often enough to
limit exposure by their users in the event of the key being
compromised?  If so, perhaps I should be less concerned than I am.
Nevertheless, I'd like to be able to talk to a remailer via a
one-time pad.  The OTP could be sold to remailer users as a means
of generating revenue (a OTP CD-ROM could be made for about $20
and sold for a very reasonable price but still be profitable!)
Once the OTP is used, it can (and should) be destroyed.  On the
other hand, data encrypted with a public key is vulnerable to
black bag attacks on that key, as I just said.
The cost of burning CD-ROMs is going down pretty rapidly.  Wholesale
cost of a burning mechanism should be well under $1,000 within the
next year or two, and RNG hardware is coming online too.  Blank media
runs $15-$20, although Kodak sells PhotoCD media cheaper, at a loss,
to developers who promise to use the discs for PhotoCD images ;)
I don't really have anything in principle against the use of public
keys for remailers; it would just make me feel a bit easier about
their security if the private key couldn't be black-bagged with a
using them if my communication to them couldn't be black-bagged with
a simple bug that transmits the private key.
I'd imagine a bus snooper chip could be made easily enough that
could look for instruction and data flow corresponding to keys,
and transmit it over low bandwidth channels to a listening station.
I find it harder to imagine a device that could tap an entire
data stream from a hard drive and transmit the complete contents
undetected (assuming the remailer operator checks for bugs.)
Now for a discussion on how to get a OTP CD from Finland without
having the mail intercepted... nahh, never mind.
- Jim Nitchals

@_date: 1994-03-30 19:51:43
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: LPC10 and CELP implementations 
I'm working on implementing both of the above on Mac platforms, on an
unofficial basis (I work for Apple.)
The CELP decoder ran in realtime on a IIci (030) class Mac by recoding
everything in integer instead of FP, but the encoder was too CPU intensive.
Making the decoder even run was a big chore, involving a lot of rewrite
and some assembly language in the worst parts.  So I've set aside CELP
for the time being, and will later see if it runs well on PowerPC.
The LPC10 algorithm posted on super.org (along with CELP3.2a) is, like
CELP, floating point intensive.  I'm going to get both running on
PowerPC native first, then recode LPC10 in integer and see if it will
run in full-duplex on an '030 or '040 later.  On a IIfx (fast '030),
LPC10 requires about 7x realtime to process prerecorded sample speech.
That's encouraging, because on CELP the changeover to integer sped up
processing by about a factor of 7.
The source code for LPC10 is clearly marked "NSA", which would make
it especially ironic :) if someone happens to use my port in a secure voice
application, subject to what Apple wants to do with my work.
CELP at 4800 bits/second sounds very reasonable, and LPC10 at 2400
is quite passably intelligible although a bit robotic.  I could improve
LPC10's intelligibility with a little redesign but not without blowing
off bitstream compatibility.  If I built an improved speech coder (at
9600 or 14.4k bit/second) I'd have to find volunteers to port it to
DOS & Windows boxes, or keep it proprietary to Apple.
If anyone here is working on a secure voice application, may I suggest
background file transfer capabilities.  LPC10 leaves a lot of unused
bandwidth on a 14.4k baud modem!
Anyone interested in collaborating, or getting a current-status report
at any time is welcome to write to me.  I promise to keep it technical
and avoid ranting & raving about Dorothy Denning :)
Joe Campbell hasn't yet returned my recent message commenting on bugs and asking clarification on commercial use of the source.  If Apple
doesn't get clear rights to use it in system software I'll probably
just post the improved versions to an ftp site somewhere and let it
go at that.

@_date: 1994-03-30 19:56:03
@_author: Jim Nitchals 
@_subject: (help with "To" field?) 
I thought it was elm causing the problem, so I posted the message regarding
LPC10 and CELP using PINE.  Sorry that the from field looks wrong.
Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong (in email, not to the whole
Cypherpunks group please?)
 - Jim Nitchals (jimn8 at netcom.com)
