
@_date: 1994-04-04 14:11:02
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: rights in cyberspace 
"Detweiler" said:
With all the anonymous remailers, etc, how do you expect this
to happen?  You yourself refuse to be identified (as is your
right) yet you promote the right to confront accusors?
How can you have a police force?  Who will be there to see you type
something evil?  I can see you shoot someone and the judge can ask
my testimony to help convict you, but what about computers?  With the
use of modems an act can be committed anonymously since the real world
has no proof that was you who did something... only that it was your
account that was used.   paraphrase:  Suppose someone bought a few thousand accounts and ... Like the "frame" job you did on Tim?  (And not a very good one at that.)
Amazing that a person who has a fairly good grasp of the English language
and a pretty good vocabulary can't seem to find the shift key.

@_date: 1994-04-07 06:24:43
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: your mail 
... digi cash example and comments deleted.
Another good use of this would be to maintain anonymity.  If you used the
same aa382043 address over and over again people will attach an identity
to that and they will remember, "Oh yes, that's the guy that said he works
for a computer company and hates spinach and likes Amy and ...." and soon
(assuming a long term use of the account) you will have an identity and
people will be biased one way or another toward you, even though they do
not know who you are in real life.  A one shot id will allow people to
remain truly anon and not have to go to the trouble of switching accts
and putting a burden on the remailers with 1000's of accounts.

@_date: 1994-04-07 13:32:25
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Letter to the Government 
FYI folks,  I just sent this electronically and would like to urge
you to express your feelings to the government officials as well.
Don't copy my letter, express your own thoughts, but please do let
them know how you feel about it even if you disagree with me :)
Sent electronically to:
 Representative Maria Cantwell, D-Washington - cantwell at eff.org
 Representative Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana      - hamilton at eff.org
      Chair of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs
 The President of the United States          - president at whitehouse.gov
 The Vice President of the United States     - vice.president at whitehouse.gov
 The Cypherpunk mailing list of Internet     - cypherpunks at toad.com
     I wish to express my concerns about a current issue that has drawn a lot of attention from the computing world.  The issue is that of encryption and the Clipper chip.       We Americans pride ourselves with the freedoms guaranteed us
by the Constitution and it is freedom upon which this entire country is  based.  The Clipper chip threatens this freedom in an unprecedented
     I, as a professional computer programmer, am frightened by the
desire of some of our Congress members to eliminate all forms of encryption except special government approved devices such as Clipper.
     Although I do not disapprove of the chip, nor of the ability to
break it with the proper search warants, I do disapprove of what the
success of this chip will bring.  If Clipper succeeds then it will
promote the wholesale outlawing of any encryption method.  This will
be undesirable for four reasons:
        1. Right to privacy will be compromised if the citizens
           of the United States can not take steps to keep information
           such as financial transactions and personal data from prying            eyes.
        2. By requiring ONE and only one means of encryption you
           would be making it easier for those who wish to do
           harm to decypher our information.  A cryptoanalyist
           would have a much easier time if he is guaranteed to
           know the form of encryption used.
        3. The Clipper chip will do nothing to deter crime.  A
           criminal smart enough to use encryption will be smart
           enough to use a safe code and not stupid enough to use
           the Clipper chip that he knows the governent can decode.
           The gangsters of the early to mid 20th century used            nothing that could be called encryption and yet talked            freely about taking packages for delivery and erasing            people.  The same would be true today.  In fact, there            are programs that exist TODAY and are readily available            that will hide an encrypted message in an otherwise            innocent picture.  This method of hiding information is            nearly undetectable.  Considering this, criminals would            still use cyphers if they so desired and only law-abiding            citizens would be forced to make their private information            vulnerable.          4. The only thing worse than having no means of privacy is
           to give the people a device they trust implicitly which
           is, in reality, not secure.  Imagine a classified document
           from the millitary that is encrypted by the Clipper chip
           falling into the hands of an enemy who can decrypt it.
           In answer to those who say breaking the Clipper code is
           not practical I'd ask "Why was Clipper designed for non-
           classified information?"  The answer is, of course, that
           Clipper is not secure enough to trust to protect our most            sacred documents.
     I want to thank those of you who are working to block the "slaughter" of freedom and the elimination of American's rights to use encryption as they see fit and to implore anyone whose eyes fall upon this document to support it as well.  Thank you for your time and consideration.
                                        Respectfully
                                        Jim Sewell
                                        1209 Virginia Street
                                        Key West, Florida  33040

@_date: 1994-04-14 11:26:13
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Another reason for anonymity 
I inadvertently sent this via regular mail to Tim directly instead of
   on the list.  He noted, correctly, that it should have been put to the
   list so I'm copying it there.          	 Jim   Once again, though, if someone is granted anonymity then people can
  not take into account the source unless reputations are attached to
  the pseudonym, as you mention:
  But we are guaranteed the right to face our accusor in legal cases
  which would go away with complete anonymity.     Ok, so it is not just blind anonymity but rather one with some
   degree of responsibility and reputation, thus your psuedonym becomes
   known as a distinct entity that is not tied to you.  Perhaps...
  And a valid point it is.  It seems that in 50 years we could have
  come up with a better example of limiting freedom than this.

@_date: 1994-04-18 07:30:44
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
Slightly reformatted, but the content is faithfully reproduced:
... [warrantless searches of housing project] ...
  Then the cops need to sting/watch these guys until they catch them
  committing these felonies and throw them in jail, not invade the
  privacy of a citizen cuz they think it's right.  If the cops were
  watching that neighborhood then the child couldn't have been sniped
  without the shooter getting bagged.  It is a poorly chosen solution to
  the police force's inability to do their job well due to fear and/or
  underfunding.
   ...
  Ah, but you see, you moved into the dorm (and signed a paper) saying you   would follow the school's rules.  These rules included uncool search and
  seizure and are allowed since you are not in a home... it's similar to a
  hotel's right to do room service when you're out at the pool.
  The people of CHA didn't forfeit the right to being secure in their homes.
  (Apartments count as a home) They moved in with no such waivers.  Therefore   they are afforded the same rights as a person with a house or living in an   apartment owned by, say you.  They may fall under tenant / landlord laws,   but they are very protective of the tenant.  EX:  Unless there is imminent   damage to the place (broken water pipe or such) then the landlord must give   2 days notice to do an inspection or pest control or whatever he thinks he   needs in there for.
  Take care

@_date: 1994-04-18 08:18:02
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: CHA housing mess 
>  > Speaking of landlords, when I was renting I certainly had no
 > expectation that the landlord had any "rights" to invite the police in
 > to inspect my place for guns, drugs, or other such "contraband." Was I
 > mistaken? (I'm not saying a landlord can't enter the premises...it
 > depends on the rental agreement. Most landlords give warning. Some may
 > snoop. But I think letting in the cops, without a warrant, is still an
 > illegal act. I could be wrong.)
   I can speak only for Kentucky law, but of that I speak firsthanded.     If a landlord knows you are dealing drugs, he can call the cops.  	The police have no extra rights and they must treat it as if the
 	tenant owns the place.  They can't say "We're here to look around
 	cuz the owner says we can".  This applies to any crime.
   In KY, rental agreements for apartments (Not for dorms at schools) do
 	not give the landlord any extra "search" rights.  Even if the lease
 	says you can go in at will the laws of the state require 2 days  	written notice unless the property is in imminent danger of being
 	damaged (fire, water leaks, etc...)
   Also, if the cops come to the landlord and say "Jobob is suspected of
 	having drugs, we want to go in... where's the key" without a warrant
 	the landlord is prohibited from letting them in.  Only with the
 	tenant's permission or a warrant is a landlord legally allowed to  	permit access to an apartment.
   Disclaimer: Again, this is KY law and your mileage may vary in other  			  states.  Also, I am not a lawyer (of course) but this
 			  information is taken from VERY close relationship with the
 			  apartment renting business (and not just reading my lease
 			  and assuming from there.)   	For what it's worth ... Jim
 --     Tantalus Inc.        Bringing people together     Jim Sewell-KD4CKQ
 2407 N. Roosevelt Blvd.   to have a little fun.  Internet: jims at mpgn.com
 Key West, FL  33041                               	  CIS: 71061,1027
   (305) 293-8100    "We keep coding and coding and coding..."

@_date: 1994-04-19 06:41:30
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
[... that allows searches and agrees to no-firearms ...]
  ...
  Are there any lawyers that can comment with certainty?  I'm not qualified
  to answer this point.  (I did post since it was my original point that
  is being referred to.  My opinion is that a landlord can not further limit
  that which the state laws protect... but that is opinion)
  This topic may have merit here since it started as (forgive the paraphrase)
  "We want to make cyber laws and here is the stupidity that is happening
   in the real world... we have a lot of work ahead of us."  Anyone care to
   offer an opinion on this discussion's merit here?
  Tantalus Inc.        Bringing people together     Jim Sewell-KD4CKQ
2407 N. Roosevelt Blvd.   to have a little fun.  Internet: jims at mpgn.com
Key West, FL  33041                               	  CIS: 71061,1027
  (305) 293-8100    "We keep coding and coding and coding..."

@_date: 1994-04-19 13:20:05
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Intolerance on the list 
I also agree with Russell.  Although the organization for which you work
  may be unnerving to some, they should be willing to give you a shot at
  being an ok kinda guy as a freethinking individual.
  Besides that, has anyone considered this:
     and Uncle Sam (via the President's efforts) says everything
 	 satisfaction by using PGP.  Clipper is somewhat weak and you
 	 even admit it by not allowing it to secure classified info.
 	 I think it would be great ammo in blowing up the Information
 	 Super-Highway-Patrol.
   Keep asking your questions and thinking freely!
 			Jim

@_date: 1994-04-19 16:18:05
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Privacy and the lack thereof. 
I had this thought earlier today:  What if the infamous "THEY" want
to track your actions.  They have reason to believe you live in Chicago and just bought a gun to take back home.  This being illegal they would
like to nail you.  You, however, have read this list and are a bit on
the "shady" side of the law and bought the gun with cash and a fake name/id.  Safe at last, or are you?  What if "they" analyzed all the
ATM machines in that general area and got a report of everyone who withdrew Gun_Price + 0-to-100 dollars. (Spending money).  They could
narrow it down and eventually, since they suspect you anyway, get your
pix from the ATM video camera.  Take this to the gun man and you're id'd.
My point?  Does everyone do what I do... carry little cash and when you
want to buy something with cash go to a machine and take it out within an
hour of your purchase?  It seems to me if this is typical then we need to
look at changing that habit since it can lead someone to you, albeit with
great difficulty.
   Jim

@_date: 1994-04-20 06:29:39
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Privacy and the lack thereof. 
...
Yes, this is true, but a picture from the ATM machine will place you
as the one who got the bill instead of the thief that took your card
and guessed your PIN.  Proof is hard with current levels of tech since
you can't prove something of this nature with computer files.  Afterall,
it may not even be me typing this right now... You'd have to be here to
"catch" me to prove it in court (assuming a sane jury :).
  Take care
(Graham, sorry I sent you a second copy in mail... I forgot to check
  the header before sending. )

@_date: 1994-04-20 06:48:46
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: BlackNet--the Truth 
...
   ...
Or perhaps they are just going along with the joke as they did with the
"stay away" messages.

@_date: 1994-04-21 11:58:36
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Intolerance on the list 
If there is a group calling itself "Free Thinkers" then I'll revise my
  comments.  I was unaware of any such group and meant only that folks
  should think for themselves and not just blindly follow their "herd
  instincts" (Had to work that side thread in here :).  Sorry if I made
  an unwitting reference to any group.

@_date: 1994-04-23 07:19:26
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: THE FREEDOM DAEMON 
...
    ...
Not only that, but if you access their computer without prior authorization
it is illegal as well.  Wonder if Gary wants to be a test case under the
relatively new "anti-hack" laws?

@_date: 1994-04-23 07:25:41
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: How to explain... 
Hi folks!
   I have something I'm sure someone on the list can help with.  I need
   to explain to someone who is "mostly-illiterate" about computers why
   it is so difficult to break an RSA or DES type code.  This person is
   a good user and a beginning programmer.  I understand intuitively,
   but not well enough to explain it.  His thinking is that if you have
   formula X to go from plain to crypt then just reverse X and you'll    have the decryption algorithm.  He figures that reversing a math
   formula could be difficult, but given a desire and a few weeks that
   nearly any formula can simply be reversed.
   If you can explain it well and simplistically I'd appreciate it.
   (As I said, I intuitively understand, but can't explain it well.)

@_date: 1994-04-24 19:30:04
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Warrantless search -- Let's move it. 
I have replied via private mail and would like to urge others to do so as well.
Sorry for helping to promote an indepth discussion of a topic only marginally
inline with c'punks.  Yo!  Everyone!  Carry this thread on in private, please.
It is a very valid discussion, but not one for all c'punks.
   "Are there any cyphers in the room...

@_date: 1994-04-24 20:10:29
@_author: Jim Sewell - KD4CKQ 
@_subject: Please be patient with me. 
I'm only going to take a small part of the post.  Please don't hurl rocks
at me...
  1. Why are all "inner city" residents black?  In Louisville, KY where I
  2. I'm afraid of any drugged person having a gun.  I'm afraid of any
  3. My philosophy: I'm sorry my great great grand daddy did something
  Uhem, they were armed... just like any group in America, some had
  guns, some had bricks, some had fists, some stayed home.
   Nope, I've had better sense than to dis the cops when I get stopped.
   They are in authority and if you don't recognize that then they
   will help you "see the light".  Sounds like you had a smart attitude
   and the cop decided to show you who had the right end of the gun.
Now, if you haven't already deleted this due to it's inappropriateness
I'd like to say :
   1. I'm sorry to post it here.  It is my hopes that I've stated what
   2. Barring a momentary lapse of reason I will not respond in public    3. Where is the crypto angle and how did it get so off-track?
  Truly folks, I hope this ends and apologize.  As I said, I hope I
  came close enough to J.Random Poster's feelings that he will let it
  die here and not feel a need to reply further.  I can be contacted
  via private email if anyone wishes to pursue this with me further.

@_date: 1994-04-26 13:46:55
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: PGP Question: 
I've looked in the docs for the answer but it is successful in
evading me.  My question:
   I have changed my ID string from my name to my name "-1024"
   and "-512" to differentiate between the different keys I have.
   Of course, using the -ke to do this has added a "Also known
   as" to my key.  Since my name is the same in both and the    mentioned keysizes are all that have changed I'd like to remove
   the AKA.  Can I do this?  If so how?

@_date: 1994-04-27 06:30:58
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
Has the government been covertly working on artificial intelligence
  and such?  I wasn't aware that we were anywhere NEAR the ability to
  incorporate psychic abilities in computer chips!  Will Clipper read
  our minds as well as our data?  Will it plant "You are not a crook"
  thoughts in our heads?  What does the government plan to do with
  such a chip?  Will they prevent crimes before they happen?  Will the
  psychic impressions gathered by the Clipper be admissible in court?
  [Insert smileys to taste, simmer for 15 minutes, then throw the
   whole kettle soup out since it's only a joke.  Obviously they    meant psychological trauma etc.]
ObCrypt: Has anyone heard of work in the area of encrypting all information

@_date: 1994-04-27 06:50:05
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: The un-BBS 
Not entirely true...
  The rules governing amateur radio operators says that you can not
  use any secret codes or ciphers whose intent is to obscure meaning.
  ASCII is a code but it is used in packet and such to convey information
  in an agreed upon format, not to obscure the meaning of the message.
  My contention is that a signature, while encrypted, is not encrypted
  to obscure the meaning.  It says it is a sig, it is a sig, and contains
  no other information that is not readily available (email addresses can
  be included, but it is retrievable with a commonly available program PGP.)
  Oh, and don't let the 2 by 3 format of my callsign mislead you.  It's my
  original callsign... I didn't want to bother with making everyone learn
  a new one.
  [If anyone has specific ham radio questions not relating to crypto,
   please feel free to write email to me.]

@_date: 1994-04-27 07:16:38
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: The un-BBS 
My prior post should have been:
   use any secret codes or ciphers whose intent is to obscure meaning.
                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sorry for the format problem... I hate tabs.

@_date: 1994-04-28 06:31:47
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: NSA snobs. 
[ Stuart Baker's (of the NSA) comments deleted ]
 I agree with Julie that we need some P.R. for this.  I also think we
 should do it by writing and getting the word out.   However, I think we should form a small informal group of people seriously
 interested in putting together a well thought out document that is factual
 and without emotional flair that a member of the press would respect, could
 understand, and might pass on to the public.
 I want to propose that this small group develop a document to the best of
 their abilities, refine it, and when they think it is ready post it to the
 list for a "final lookover".
 I am willing to organize the initial document work if there is interest.
 If you think you'd like to help with the first stages of this "PR Kit"
 please contact me via email.  If there is sufficient interest I will let
 the rest of the list know and we can communicate via email to keep the
 list traffic down at first.  When we have it's first form then everyone
 on the list will have a chance to comment before it is mailed out.  If
 you think this is a good idea and want to help then let me know.  ALSO,
 if you just think this is a good idea but would rather not help build
 the initial document, let me know anyway so I can gauge interest in it.
 While I applaud the efforts of Jeff Davis with his mass mailings I feel
 a newsperson might be tempted to dismiss him offhand since he is one  person.  If this is put together by the group and we let the press know
 we are programmers, lawyers, physicists, real estate salespeople, etc.
 etc. etc. and include the name (email address/pseudonym/etc) of anyone
 on the list who wishes to be named then we will have a better chance of
 being taken seriously.
 Let me know what you think,

@_date: 1994-04-28 07:28:57
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Directory of 'punks 
As another thought, would there be interest in compiling a list
of cypherpunks who agreed to be included, their occupations,
and any notable experiences such as "Served for 3 years on the
Foreign Affairs Committee" or whatever.
With tools like a "press kit" and a directory of members we will
become viewed as a cross-section of America, citizens with a
point of view shared by many, contributors to the general welfare
of society rather than a bunch of fanatical computer geeks that
haven't given anything to society.
   (well, maybe...it's a tough battle.)

@_date: 1994-04-28 08:16:57
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Directory of 'punks 
I was talking about compiling a list of cypherpunk members that agreed to be included in a directory and their occupations so we can show the "world" that we aren't just a bunch of fanatics but rather "real folks".
If we can say... "Here's a list of 200 members of the cypherpunks mailing
list.  As you can see, we have members that are lawyers, salespeople,
commercial pilots, doctors, etc.  As you can see we are not a scattered
bunch of students with nothing better to do, as some would have you believe, but rather a legitimate cross-section of the nation that just happens to be a bit more knowlegable about things like clipper.  "Although not everyone in this directory agrees, the ones listed below have agreed to attach their names to our document regarding XXXX".  ... we will have a much stronger position from which to fight the not-good
things like Clipper, etc.
Alternate:  Do you think we should forget the names and such and just
compile stats as to how many Doctors, etc are on the list and simply
use that? i.e."Our group consists of 5 professors of higher education
level, 18 professional land surveyors, 9 contract laborers, and 1
computer geek from 18 different countries including Australia, India,
...."  I think this would carry much more weight with the press when we have
something to say.  Besides, I'm curious as to the makeup of the group
too.  Of course, this entire thing depends on the willingness of the
members to be included.  If such a list is built it should only have
entries for people who EXPLICITLY agreed to be included and ONLY the
information they wish to have added.
What do you think?
  		Jim

@_date: 1994-04-28 08:47:35
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Directory of 'punks 
Thank you for the preliminary (<2 hrs) response to the posting.  I have
 not gotten a "that's a bad idea" letter yet of the 7 replies so I will
 assume this is a "Good Thing" tm.   In the interest of the mailing list volume I ask that you hold your
 information for now.  I will certainly accept "it's a bad idea" mail.
 I will put together a format for replies and post it to the list and
 anyone interested can fill in the blanks and mail it back to me.  I'm
 going to take my time and try to think of any useful information so
 we only have to do this once (good for you and me).  Look here for the
 survey and email it back if you want to be included in a list of c'punks.
 Also, please let me know if there is anything you DON'T want included
 and I will honor that as well.   Thanks for your comments, I'll keep the list informed of what I know
 when it becomes available.
   Jim

@_date: 1994-04-28 11:12:31
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Apology 
I've said in a previous post and others like it:
I want to apologize to the fine folk on this list that are not Americans
for my self-centered phrasing.  In everyday life you generally don't
think of other countries and as such I've probably offended someone.
I in no way meant to imply that everyone is American, that we are the
most important, or that our political system is the best.
If I offended anyone I apologize and will try to be more cautious with
my wording in the future.

@_date: 1994-04-28 12:19:13
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Directory of 'punks 
...
 Good point, and well taken, but would the directory do much more than  requesting a "whois" from the mailing list robot?  It is a matter of
 one's priorities and it is obvious (and good!) that they vary from
 person to person.

@_date: 1994-04-29 06:26:37
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Clipper Chip 2/ Wired (fwd) 
If you were the director of the NSA would you have your guys looking for
ways to eavesdrop on phone conversations between wives and lovers or guys
like the CIA agent actively selling every secret he can get his hands on
to the "enemy"?

@_date: 1994-04-29 06:32:02
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
I replied to Dave via mail but it may warrant a public clarification.
  My intent is not to form a group to go lobby congress or anything of
  that nature.  My idea was to create a list of "credentials" for the
  group as a whole so that when active folks do go to the press or to
  meetings between CPSR & the NSA then they can have in their hands a
  bit of "proof" that we aren't the computer-student-woodstock-wannabes
  the NSA et al. say we are.
  Remember the E.F. Hutton commercials where a guy is asked for investment
  advice and he says "My broker is EF Hutton and EF Hutton says..." and
  everyone in the room gets quiet and leans over to hear the advice?  That
  is what the Cypherpunks name doesn't have... respect.
  Your comments, either for or against, are appreciated and counted.  They
  will be used to help me see if there is sufficient interest in my opinion
  to warrant trying to organize such a thing.  Right now it's slightly in
  favor but there are too few replies to be fair either way.
  Jim

@_date: 1994-06-21 14:32:35
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Tracking Mobile Nodes 
I've read many comments about cell phone tracking and would
 like to add my own:
   In Louisville, KY where I used to live you could find out
   where a person was by the frequency they were on.  Each    cell site used a different frequency so you could tell at
   least the part of town a person was in.  This made listening
   to conversations frustrating because they kept shifting
   frequencies as they drove around.
   A cell phone is a glorified radio.  Any radio-smart person
   with an active conversation and a directional antenna could
   track a cell phone.  Add in a friend with another antenna
   and you could triangulate (biangulate?) to within blocks
   in a jiffy.  Add in some common sense (he's on the freeway)
   and it's easy to find someone.
   Of course, I never listened to cell phone conversations    because THEY made it illegal to do so.  Forget the fact
   that they are radiating my body with RF radiation and I
   should have a right to hook up a speaker to it!
 	 Sheesh, the government can be so anal sometimes!
 	 Jim

@_date: 1994-06-22 14:21:41
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Cellular Telephone Experimenter's Kit (2600 article) 
Cell providers should be scared of this.  I saw the OKI 900
  the first time on a news clip on either one of those "Educational
  type" shows or a CNN-(like?) news clip.  The typical nerd was there
  with billions of wires coming out of it saying how simple it was
  to hook it up and after it was wired to his computer he could
  simply decode another ID and rewrite his phone with that id and
  Joe Schmoe would get the bill.  Made it sound VERY simple to
  make the world think you were Joe.
  Heck, I'm scared to get an account since I could become a   Joe!  (1/2 :)  )
  Jim

@_date: 1994-05-01 08:48:26
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
As do I, for what it's worth.  My plan was never to speak as a unified
voice representing all Cypherpunks but to rather give evidence that we
are not all the college-computer-nerd-woodstock-missing-hippie-wannabe-
Cipherpunks.  Only that if someone talks to the press and they say, "just
what is Cypherpunks?" they can say "Well, I have a document that explains
who we are (demographics), what we do, and why."
But there are SOME ideas 99% of us agree on... such as we don't want
to see the government self-fullfill George Orwell's prophesy.

@_date: 1994-05-02 07:14:13
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: WSJ article on PGP 
Some comments regarding the WSJ article as reported by an anonymous poster.

@_date: 1994-05-02 08:07:42
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: So, what are we going to do? 
A friend of mine that repaired computers said he ran across an
  old disk drive that was used in WWII.  The thing had a lever on
  the top that was to be pulled should anyone "burst in" unannounced.
  As a failsafe to protect our secrets the lever was the trigger of
  a mounted .38.    Are we "good" American citizens going to have to write failsafe boot   files that require a special combination of keypresses or it erases   the hard disk?  It would be a shame to have to protect our computers   from the "thought police" of not Orwell's future, but our present!
  At least opressed countries have governments that break in and take
  your computer and family because they are lowlife dictators and   admit it.  Here the same lowlife dictator wannabes do it in the name
  of democracy and justice! (Not that I'd like living elsewhere.)
   Jim

@_date: 1994-05-02 09:00:14
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Lobbying/Politics/etc. 
The US Government doesn't speak for me on the "Bosnia thing", but
  they say "America's stance is".  I am a member of America, just as
  we are members of cypherpunks.  You didn't vote for a "lobbyist"
  to represent you, but then again, I didn't vote for Bill Clinton to
  represent me. (Yes, I did vote against him).
   Ditto regarding this reply.  No ill intentions, just expressing
   another point of view.
[Some very good comments about why infomercials won't work deleted...]
    Take care,

@_date: 1994-05-02 09:04:58
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: So, what are we going to do? 
He said "the war", perhaps it was Korean?  To paraphrase McCoy,
"Dammit Jim, I'm a programmer, not a historian!"

@_date: 1994-05-03 07:17:57
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Announcement RE: Lobbying... 
You know, she is right.    I have gotten about equal amounts of mail for and against the idea of
  a list and the idea for a "Guide to Cypherpunks" if you will.  Each were
  fanatically stated with few exceptions.  Each was unmovable on their
  opinions.
  It is with this that I make the following statement:
  I do want to remind those who were afraid of having their names on
  a list that there is a 90% chance that someone in the NSA, FBI, etc
  has done a whois to majordomo and already has your email name which
  is all that I'd suggested in the first place.
  I will continue to do my part to try to influence the running of this
  country.  I am not kicking back with a beer and cigar and saying that
  we can do nothing and I hope it all works out.  We must run our own
  country or our country will run us.
  Good luck to all and no ill will.  (This list is too emotional sometimes
  due to the topics covered.  They are beliefs and not opinions and a
  belief can not be changed by another person like an opinion can.)
  Anyway, take care

@_date: 1994-05-05 04:36:00
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Clipper and Congress 
I wonder if these Representatives (and Senators for that matter) would be
  so supportive of Clipper if they were reminded that for it to be effective
  even THEY would have to have the chip on THEIR HOME PHONES, THEIR OFFICE
  PHONES, THEIR CELLULAR PHONES...
  I doubt many Congressional members are "clean" enough to support a chip
  with such a threat over their lives.
  "Hey, Rep. Joe Smith, did you know that if someone wanted to make a few
   dollars they could get the key from escrow and blackmail you about that
   affair you've been having!?"

@_date: 1994-05-06 15:43:24
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Alleged security hole at penet.fi 
I wonder if there is a security hole in or around penet.fi or if Anonymous
  discovered the identities via email communications.  Certainly worth   investigating if a security hole is likely, but I have my doubts.
   Take care

@_date: 1994-05-11 08:18:26
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Here they come... 
Unfortunately I agree with this statement for the most part.
  This one I do not agree with though.  Who can regulate it, what are
  the penalties for violation, how can you prove I typed this, etc.
  Unfortunately, newsgroups like alt.sex.bestiality and erotica picture
  groups make this point hard to defend against.
  There is a difference between a site kill file that blocks everyone
  who works at AT&T from conversing with people that work at MCI, and
  my personal kill file that says I don't want to hear from Jim Nalbandian
  or Detweiler.    With personal kill files they have the right to speak and I have the
  right not to listen. ;)
  Jim

@_date: 1994-05-11 10:26:02
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Here they come... 
Can't you hear "them" saying, "Well, those heathen pagan computer
   worshiping nerds are looking at pictures of women defiling themselves
   with carnal relations with animals.  Can't you just imagine what they
   do in private with their little computer thingeys."
   It, in a typical person's mind, is a trivial line between child porn
   and animal porn.  To be identified as part of a group of people that
   routinely pass pictures of women having sex with animals makes us    so much more easily identified as part of a group of people that    secretly pass kiddie porn... why else would we be so involved in
   encryption... just look what we send back and forth in public!
   Guilt by association is unfair, but very prevalent especially with
   the news media's influence.
   Jim

@_date: 1994-05-12 05:51:52
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Goals: Bad debate drives out good debate 
Tim,   You are right about the excess fluff on the list, of course.  I also
  think a very good explanation is what you and another poster have
  mentioned about the "masses" being or feeling unable to contribute
  to such a technical matter.  Everyone can respond to a jerk though.
  There are three points I'd like to make:
  1. The technical posters should strive to talk to the masses and not
  2. Many people on the list are time-challenged :)  A short post from
  3. We are human and it is human, or at least societally inborn, to
  Please don't take this as an insult.  It is only meant as MY OPINION of
  what's "wrong" with the list and what could be improved.
  Take care

@_date: 1994-05-12 14:07:20
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: NSA Chief Counsel in Wired, to appear on AOL 
Give this tired, ancient metaphor a break.
   [... the next paragraph starts:]
   Then he says we are overboard on the romanticism.  Sheesh.
[.. the public sector]
   But Clipper NEVER claimed to be good enough for the government's info!
   As far as I know the description was that it was to be used for "sensitive
   but not classified info" and as such it's not good enough for the REAL
   secrets.
  The scary thing is that unless someone were informed by a group such
  as the c'punk list they would buy his babble fairly easily.  Shoot, I
  combed it with such an awareness and it still ALMOST sounds convincing.
  It scares me when they can get on TV and tell the public "Clipper is
  good because..." and spout this or some similar argument and we on
  the other side of the issue can only tell our friends and a few computer
  types via news groups and mailing lists.  In general that American public
  is gullible and would buy this drivel.
  Jim

@_date: 1994-05-26 10:22:54
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Unicorn vs. tmp@netcom 
Not that I would suggest anyone to do this, but I do wonder if the
  information obtained for the court case is public knowlege or is it
  in a 'sealed' file?  Knowing nothing of law I haven't a clue, but if
  it is public information then another cypherpunk might find it an
  equally easy matter to expose the id, work, finances, etc of the
  tmp at netcom.com person.
  Not that I would suggest doing this.
  Jim

@_date: 1994-05-26 14:16:20
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Unicorn vs.... 
The key is falsely attributed to him by tmp at netcom.com.
    The bottom line is that when you play on the net and flame each other
   Who defined the concept?  I think of Usenet as a cooperative anarchy
   on the technological level of how it works, but as far as what people
   say I consider it to be a means of communication no different than
   speaking in public or on the telephone.  If I say terrible things
   about you on a mail list message it should be no different than if I
   say it in a crowded room of your business associates.
   Putting tmp at netcom.com in a kill file will be fine if his influence
   on your world is confined to the screen, but when he starts costing
   you potentially millions of dollars it is an entirely different    situation.  I don't think that kill file of yours will pay Uni's
   house mortgage or food bill!
 I suppose we all could use this as an opportunity to see how well
 our anarchist, freedom of speech, privacy, encryption ideas mesh
 with the 'real world'.   Jim

@_date: 1994-05-31 08:23:51
@_author: Jim Sewell 
@_subject: Lawsuit 
If the context was blurred by each of the people in the chain of friends
  and associates of yours before the 'uptight business associates' saw it
  then aren't they as responsible for you defamation as tmp is?
  Not an attack... I personally agree that lawsuits are acceptable in the
  right circumstance... merely an observation.
  Jim
