
@_date: 1997-11-25 10:01:50
@_author: D'jinnie 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
: Napolean never took Moscow, he was stopped - just like Hitler - at the
: gates. The closest either French or German forces got was to look at the
: spires of the Kremlin. Beyond that similarity there are a wide range of
: differences between the situation. The fact remains that had Stalin *not*
: been able to withdraw troops from the Chinese border he would not have been
: able to keep Stalingrad or Moscow. Further, the *only* reason that Stalin
: could afford to do that was because Sorge indicated that the Japanese were
: interested in other goals at the time. Oh, regarding Napolean, the reason
: that he couldn't take Moscow was because troops, called Cossacks, were moved
: from the east to the west.
I don't feel qualified to argue on any of the points brought up in this
rather long thread, but the fact is, Napoleon DID conquer Moscow. He was
stopped AFTER Moscow was taken. On his way out, he burned as much of it as
he could. Indeed, the taking of Moscow was a rallying point for Russian
troops. Kutuzov, who refused to participate earlier in the war, changed
his mind and took control of the armies.

@_date: 1998-02-10 04:29:04
@_author: D'jinnie 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
How exactly can they require for the DL to be magnetized if only a few
states do that? My NE license is just a piece of photographed paper
encased in plastic. The only thing that "protects" it from forgery is a
"Don't Drink and drive" and "buckle up Nebraska" silvery warnings that can
be seen under certain angles. I don't see them changing it anytime
soon...thank gods for slow ppl ;) So...seems like there can and will be a
lawsuit against such practices.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
jinn at inetnebr.com

@_date: 1998-02-10 04:36:17
@_author: D'jinnie 
@_subject: fingerprinting 
Immigration & Naturalization Department has been fingerprinting ppl for
years. Does anyone have any ideas what agencies that information is shared
with and what they need it for anyway?
And what's with that new thumbprint thing in banks? I haven't had occasion
to refuse it yet but I wonder if they'd open an account without it...
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
jinn at inetnebr.com

@_date: 1998-02-10 15:39:41
@_author: D'jinnie 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
: Here in the Peoples Republik ov NJ, the DL's have no magstrips.  But, : being that it is NJ, they're probably not far away.  An interesting point
: is that, when I moved (intrastate), the MVS sent a decal with the new
: address to stick on the back.  No re-issue necessary, which is good, since
: most bars/liquor stores will not accept licenses marked DUP.  But, they
: will accept passports.
I believe the sticker thing is standard practice...
: : Also interesting is that PA has recently (within the past 2-4 years) been
: issuing DL's with the driver's SSN.
That is standard practice in Missouri which I think is kinda silly but it
got me out of bringing my SSN card to my employers (which by then took
several spins through the washer :)
You have to request for the number to be different and CDL only allows it
on grounds of religious convictions.
I think I'll just form a sect...
Why are religions, no matter how kooky, respected so much??
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
jinn at inetnebr.com

@_date: 1998-02-10 15:53:21
@_author: D'jinnie 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
: : Yup.  It's really annoying to have to give the California DMV lots of
: personal information about myself so they can track down deadbeat dads,
: given that I'm not even a dad, much less a deadbeat dad, and so they
: can track down Mexicans who want to drive without citizenship papers,
: and similar presumptions of potential guilt.
You're not required to be a citizen. You're not even required to be a
permanent resident. All you need is to be here legally for any length of
time. Some places won't check. Some require SSN cards, which can only be
issued to ppl who are here legally, regardless of work authorization
(since we all know SSN go way beyond original purpose ;)
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
jinn at inetnebr.com

@_date: 1998-02-20 02:59:42
@_author: D'jinnie 
@_subject: Mainframe solution (fwd) 
I do not know where this was published but it seems interesting...
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
jinn at inetnebr.com
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Resent-From: intp at jubjub.wizard.com
