
@_date: 1995-12-05 03:40:16
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Getting a copy of the Jim Clark speech 
Hello Frank Stuart , loki at obscura.com,
  and         cypherpunks at toad.com
  and "James A. Donald" Well, if you can run CGI scripts, it's very easy: you simply check
the USER_AGENT field, and then send different versions. For an example, see
You can make the script more or less drastic according to taste.
Can't *anyone* write a simple shell script any more?

@_date: 1995-11-03 15:55:51
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Chaum's cash: backup? 
Hello Marcel van der Peijl,
Sorry about taking so long to reply... I'll quote more than usual
to make up for it.
I was referring to the claim that the system is payer-anonymous.
Thinking of it again now, what's to stop Eve the eavesdropper from spying
on the proto-coins, running crack against it, and then (later) eavesdropping on the bank-signed coins and unblinding/depositing them before Alice/Bob does?
(No, being encrypted by the bank's public key is not enough.)
Yes, but is the bank really interested in protecting privacy?
a) It would be nice if the protocol didn't require this choice.
b) This choice should be made explicit to the user.
c) As I noted above, wouldn't it also strongly reduce security?
See you!

@_date: 1995-10-16 20:17:14
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Elementrix Press Release 
Not really, you can use the raw bitstream as OTP. (Which is probably not
enough to warrant calling it a protocol, maybe protocolette :-)
Well, you could claim that what they are using is not an algorithm since
it won't run on a Turing machine. At that stage you probably toss the
Church-Turing thesis out the window and get yourself a proper definition
of "algorithm".
Gives a new meaning to the phrase "subliminal channels" :-)
Well, wouldn't the bosses give them mind-scans to avoid this possibility?
Sorry, I forgot, Psi Corps doesn't allow that.

@_date: 1995-10-23 23:15:27
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: [reformatted] how secure can privasoft be? 
Hello patrick at Verity.COM (Patrick Horgan)
  and cypherpunks at toad.com, jirib at cs.monash.edu.au
  and futplex at pseudonym.com, privsoft at ix.netcom.com
I meant "what if it's mis-reported and actuall goes up to FFF,FFF,FFF?".
Well, if this is actually what they wanted to say, then the interpretation I was alluding to was that the contents of the message
is [sent in the] clear.
Don't forget that in most cases it'll be obvious that it's the wrong
key - only when it isn't would you submit the thing to a second-level
analyzer to check for edges/characters etc.
What, at the end of a release praising the security of their own thing?
Alternatively their whole *framework* is bogus so NSA isn't concerned
about what encryption you use in the middle. Just another possibility.
Ah well...

@_date: 1995-10-25 19:24:55
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: A secure cryptosystem with a 40-bit key? 
Hello cypherpunks at toad.com
  and Scott Brickner No problem. You just have to be careful when you are generating your
wordlist, that's all.
One would need a great deal of inspiration to make it work. However,
I do think that it is possible.
How about the numerical cmavo? You'd want to encode numbers. And you
don't want people to know they are numbers, because they could
count the digits (to get order of magnitude). Same for spelling cmavo.
How about the tense system? You'd want to encode that because it could
give important hints to locations (and times). Then again you could
probably avoid using the "a little to the north and a long way east" tense
How about the attitudinals?
Like I said, I only glanced at it, but how about NAI and GAI?
I'm not sure I'd agree here. I suspect you are overestimating the regularity
of lojban grammar (then again maybe I'm underestimating...).
Yes (though I'd feel quite confident doing it for Esperanto).
Yup. If it's really a problem - ambiguity in language has been with us
for a long time and nobody minds much. But I guess you wouldn't want
arbitrary ambiguity in your text (you could have an interactive coder
which immediately alerts you to all alternative meanings). Or you could
put marks into your text to separate the word parts (like some beginner
Esperanto books do) thus eliminating the problem.
I'm sure you could easily find wordlists giving the "first X" words of
Esperanto - you could just standardize on one of them.
Mi esperas ke tio cxi sencas...
Adiaux - Jiri

@_date: 1995-09-06 23:03:18
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Scientology and police visit XS4ALL Amsterdam 
Hello Ray Cromwell and all other cypherpunks,
I don't really follow the Co$ saga, but when I last looked it seemed
as though six lines (one of them the title) are sufficient for them
to be unhappy at you. If I remember correctly, those six lines said
to go to the zoo to practice telepathy with animals...
(No they didn't say *how*.)
So I don't know whether the "export-PGP-sig" system will be any use.
master server = single point of pressure
It always was, but do you have the money and the spirit to fight them?

@_date: 1995-09-12 18:59:19
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Scientology and police visit XS4ALL Amsterdam 
Hello starrd   and Ray Cromwell , cg at bofh.lake.de, cypherpunks at toad.com
I feel I should point out that you have no proof that the text you have
attributed to me was in fact posted by me, and in fact you have reason
to believe otherwise since I usually PGP-sign my entire post including
any signature.
Off topic, but I have been publicly accused so I feel I should publicly
respond in the same forum.

@_date: 1995-09-19 19:16:43
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Scientology and police visit XS4ALL Amsterdam 
Hello cypherpunks,
It wasn't taken as one... I quite agree with your description of the text
in question as "drivil" (though I wouldn't have spelled it quite that way).
We probably shouldn't judge without context, but I hear the context is
of the same intelectual quality anyway.
I should have been clearer; that "accused" is not of stupidity, but of
posting a) allegedly trade secret material         b) allegedly copyright material allegedly in excess of fair use.
For which you have no proof and in fact have reason to believe otherwise etc.
By the way, starrd, why don't you sign your posts?
You obviously have PGP...
Hope this is less ambiguous than my previous post :-)

@_date: 1995-09-20 21:23:36
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Exchange random numbers (was: Re: netscape's response) 
Hello cypherpunks at toad.com
  and Christian Wettergren Okay, that doesn't sound so hard...
Have a look at
where you replace RandValue by any text string.
Please do not try to break the implementation, I *know* you can overrun
buffers, use shell metacharacters and generally stuff around.
Just don't, OK? Thanks.
Feel free to try to break the algorithm, though.
Don't know about these...
Well I don't keep track of entropy, so that doesn't apply, does it...
I reveal md5 hash of my seed only.
Well, entropy put in must be greater than entropy used or lost through
cracked connections. (Ie not just "initial", also entropy put in along
the way.)
I fail this point either way.
Yup, I do that (though "quality" would be quite a bit of a euphemism, and
the file is hardly protected at all).
Have fun!

@_date: 1995-09-21 20:14:06
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Exchange random numbers (was: Re: netscape's response) 
Hello stewarts at ix.netcom.com, cypherpunks at toad.com, jsw at netscape.com
  and Christian Wettergren Hmm, I use:
  taking-in:
  giving-out:
(where every giving-out is preceded by a taking-in). Is that OK?
If not, why not and how can I improve it?
Why? I guess to keep track of how much entropy I believe I have...
That's a safe authentication mechanism? I don't think so.
But you need a secrecy mechanism, so I guess that's where you'd
add your auth.
The boot-strap is done only once (at install time) so it's not a big
problem to ask for lots of random text from user.
Good, I thought so.
Sorry, have to go now, rest later...
