
@_date: 1997-12-26 16:57:14
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: actual, on-topic post (tm) 
does a large number of 'bounces' between randomly selected remailers
increase security/untraceability?  what if you made each message go through
ALL remailers, or nearly all?
be gentle...  I'm just a lurker.
The Whispered Rule:
  People will believe anything if you whisper it.

@_date: 1998-08-27 02:54:57
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: LACC: Re: Is hate code speech? 
oh yes, an EXCELLENT justification of your 'PC beliefs'  How exactly does
that answer the challenge to defend your point of view?  Ad hominem attacks
are pretty low, even for list-members, think-ye-not?

@_date: 1998-08-31 14:41:53
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
trust me, it's ok, he was using '32-bit AOL' to post his message, so
EVERYONE but you realized that he was talking about garbage anyway.  maybe
AOL64 will have a clue(tm) built in.
an appeal to listmembers:
listmembers, can't we make this list 'request for access'?  iLoV2HaCk and
his AOL ilk are getting a little too 'elite' and 'k-rad' for me. pipebombs,
posters, spooks, music, what the hell is happening to this list?  I know
that I mainly lurk, but don't you think that having to request to join this
list may filter out the worst of the AOL (et al) newbies?  they obviously
cannot get a clue(tm) and continue to cause a landslide of off-topic
(albeit funny) posts that ridicule them, and keep this list awash in
non-cypherpunkish dialogue.  oh, and I am also sorry for perpetuating this thread.

@_date: 1998-08-31 20:18:31
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Hash: SHA1
ok, sorry to have to drag the list into this AGAIN, but this AOL'er is much too funny for his own good.  Imagine, he is entertaining me (perhaps the list?) for free!
EVERYONE >but you realized that he was talking about garbage anyway.  maybe AOL64 will >have a clue(tm) built in.
iLoV2HaCk and his >AOL ilk are getting a little too 'elite' and 'k-
rad' for me. pipebombs, >posters, spooks, music, what the hell is happening to this list?  I know that >I mainly lurk, but don't you think that having to request to join this list >may filter out the worst of the AOL (et al) newbies?  they obviously cannot >get a clue(tm) and continue to cause a landslide of off-topic (albeit funny) >posts that ridicule them, and keep this list awash in non-
cypherpunkish >dialogue.  ...and I got some AOL mail back from him!  wooho!
the law suit
dude...  please.  take your best shot.  I'm bored of you already and I want to see if you are actually as clueless as you appear to be.  do it.  c'mon! I'll even SIGN this message, Mike!
oh yes, and apologies go out to the list, _again_.

@_date: 1998-07-06 19:06:30
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: Junger et al. 
3:40pm  6.Jul.98.PDT WASHINGTON -- A district court has dismissed a law
professor's challenge to US regulations strictly limiting the export of
computer data-scrambling technology.
Judge James Gwin ruled late Friday that the export limits, which prevented
Case Western Reserve University Law School professor Peter Junger from
posting the text of encryption programs on the Internet, did not violate
the constitutional right to free speech.
The Ohio court's ruling contradicts a California district court ruling last
August that said source code -- the instructions a person writes telling
the computer what actions to perform -- constitutes a form of speech
subject to First Amendment protection.
"Unlike instructions, a manual or a recipe, source code actually performs
the function it describes," Gwin wrote. "While a recipe provides
instructions to a cook, source code is a device, like embedded circuitry in
a telephone, that actually does the function of encryption."
Neither ruling gave speech protection to compiled code, a version of source
code converted into an actual software program that could be run on a
The US government appealed the California decision and the issue may
ultimately be decided by the Supreme Court.
Civil libertarians and high-tech companies had hoped the court would
overturn the export limits on encryption technology, which uses
mathematical formulas to scramble information and render it unreadable
without a password or software "key."
Once the realm of spies and generals, encryption has become an increasingly
critical means of protecting electronic commerce and global communications
over the Internet.
But law enforcement agencies, fearing encryption will be used by terrorists
and international criminals to hide their activities, have instituted
strict controls to limit the export of strong scrambling products.
Lawyers opposed to the export rules said the Ohio court misunderstood the
difference between source code and compiled code.
"The Ohio court clearly doesn't understand the communicative nature of
software," said Shari Steele, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier
Foundation. "It's true that software helps to perform functions, but it
does so by telling computers what to do.... It certainly is speech
deserving of the highest levels of First Amendment protection."

@_date: 1998-06-23 12:13:08
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: PGPdisk for win95/98? 
amazement, they finally have a beta version of PGPdisk for 95.  Too bad it
claims that I need to contact a sales rep, and when I follow their link, I
get nothing that would really point me in the right direction.  Any of you
manage to get your hands on a copy? with this however, As I have never seen a crypto-review of the software,
and their website is not too forthcoming with technical details, or known
attacks.  Does anyone have information (or horror stories) from using
bestcrypt? You can lead a man to slaughter, but you can't make him think.

@_date: 1998-11-07 13:38:35
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: verisign digital id's for outlook <shudder> 
A quick question for all you security-savvy people.  Our IT instructor has
asked the class to sign up for verisigns' 60-day trial of a class 1 digital
id.  pfaugh.  give me a copy of PGP anyday!  at least I can (easily) take my
keys with me!
I also understand that a well (poorly?) written activeX applet can grab my
key basically without my knowledge (to speak nothing of the other myriad
holes in win98/95)
My question is, where the hell is the private key kept on the users box?
How is it protected against attack? I had to voice my displeasure with the
instructor that I could not take the ID with me on a floppy so that the
night class would not have potential access, but got the usual 'it is
secure enough, let it be' attitude.
Thanks in advance for any information!

@_date: 1998-10-27 09:20:04
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: Rendering (flame) 
hey, dude...  how's that 'law suit' coming along?  I've been waiting a long
time for an answer from you, did you manage to get one in my size?

@_date: 1998-09-05 01:18:28
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: (another) reason we need anon servers. 
Itex Sues Over Yahoo! Postings
Friday, September 4, 1998; 12:13 p.m. EDT
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- An investment firm is suing the people who posted
online messages on a Yahoo! bulletin board accusing managers of
incompetence, even though the firm has no idea whom to sue.
Itex Corp. listed 100 ``John Does'' in its lawsuit filed this week in
Multnomah County Circuit Court.
In May, somebody using the name ``Orangemuscat'' declared on the Yahoo!
online message board that Itex's ``current management is blind, stupid and
The lawsuit charges the author of the message with defaming the company and
its president, undermining the confidence of Itex's investors, customers
and barter exchange members.
``Orangemuscat,'' ``Investor727,'' ``colojopa'' and other names are listed
as defendants ``presently unknown to plaintiffs but whose true identities
will be included in amendments hereto when those identities are discovered.''
Donovan Snyder, an Itex lawyer, said it was necessary to sue in order to
find the authors of the message, but he declined further comment.
Itex, a barter exchange brokerage, had engaged in a bitter takeover
struggle with a rival brokerage, and has faced questions from critics who
challenge the way it values its assets. The company previously has turned
to the courts to battle former employees and critics.
Yahoo! disclaims all responsibility for the messages that are posted on its
message boards.
``We have no way of knowing who some of the people are,'' said John Place,
Yahoo's general counsel.
Place said Yahoo's policy is to refuse to surrender any user information
unless a court orders it to do so. But even under a court order, he said
Yahoo! would have a hard time identifying users.
The case is one of many that are pushing courts to define privacy rights on
the Internet.
``I would not want to limit people's ability to post information online,''
said Lois Rosenbaum, a partner at the Portland law firm of Stoel Rives.
``But I would like to see some accountability for what they posted.''
Rosenbaum represented Beaverton-based Epitope in a 1993 case against a man
who posted critical remarks about the company on a public bulletin board on
the Prodigy online service. In that case, the comments turned out to be
from a stockbroker with an interest in driving down the price of Epitope's

@_date: 1998-09-05 16:00:22
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: request for [cdn] export laws. 
greetings, listmembers.
I have been looking for the export restrictions (if any) that regulate
canadian encryption products.  I have tried searching the net for a little
while, and although I have found a few (contradictory) blurbs on it, I have
found no 'official' documents or links to them.  does this information
exist on the web, and if not, who would be the best department to ask so
that I get the least red-tape or 'runaround'?

@_date: 1998-09-17 15:21:10
@_author: jkthomson 
@_subject: No Subject 
makes you wonder what hell they were using for encryption?  DES?
September 17, 1998 Web posted at: 11:16 AM EDT (1516 GMT)
MIAMI (AP) -- The shadowy world of a low-budget Cuban spy ring came to
light in a courtroom, where an FBI agent testified that a suspect's
apartment yielded computer diskettes containing coded references to Fidel
Castro and plans to sabotage an aircraft hangar.
Sounding more and more like a spy novel, details of the group's workings
were revealed in a hearing at which Luis Medina and Manuel Viramontez were
ordered held without bail Wednesday.
Thousands of pages of encrypted computer documents were seized from the
men's apartments.
The men were among 10 rounded up over the weekend and charged Monday with
trying to penetrate U.S. military bases, infiltrate anti-Castro exile
groups and manipulate U.S. media and political organizations. Prosecutors
said it was the biggest Cuban spy ring uncovered in the United States since
Castro took power in 1959.
However, the Pentagon said none of the alleged spies obtained U.S. secrets.
Evidence seized from Viramontez "analyzes the ability to sabotage or cause
damage to airplanes" or a Florida hangar itself," FBI agent Mark de Almeida
But the network was a low-budget affair, with a Cuban military captain who
lived under the alias Viramontez falling behind on his rent.
The Cuban government "indicated they were supposed to suffer like the rest
of the Cuban people," de Almeida testified in explaining their spartan
He said diskettes seized from Viramontez' apartment were sprinkled with the
word "comrade" and coded references to "commandante," taken by
investigators to refer to Castro.
Before Viramontez was caught, he had three sets of false identities and
plans to escape to Mexico, Nicaragua or Canada, prosecutors allege. Medina,
said to be a Cuban intelligence major, was ready to flee with a briefcase
containing Puerto Rican identities, a fake birth certificate and $5,000 in
Eight defendants postponed their bail hearings Wednesday. All 10 were in
solitary confinement at a federal jail.
Viramontez's attorney Paul McKenna said the court, not public opinion, must
decide the case.
"You can't have a lynch mob mentality about this case," said McKenna. "We
have to let our system of justice, our courts, deal with this."
