
@_date: 2007-12-22 11:34:10
@_author: Joe St Sauver 
@_subject: A liitle late but I just saw this... 
I happened to see your recent posting, and since I'm interested in the  cyberwar issue (including having served as co-chair of the DOE "Human  Factors" breakout group charged with considering cyberwar and cyber  terrorism for the DOE Cyber Security Research Needs for Open Science  meeting, see session 4 of  panels/ ). With that for context...
I'm not sure folks fully understand how strategic cyberwar might/will  actually be waged. In my opinion, cyberwar will not rely primarily on  malware-based attacks. :-; That process is too uncertain, too slow,  too-readily thwarted and would have insufficient penetration or  So how might cyberwar happen? Let me give you three examples:
1) We are already experiencing a sort of cyberwar, although because it  began gradually, and has become a chronic phenomenon, no one  acknowledges the negative impact and damage it continually causes to  our economy -- and that is spam. What a perfect attack eh? How much  time is wasted filtering and deleting spam? How many business-critical  messages get blocked or overlooked? How many resources are diverted  from other potentially productive uses? What a great way of promoting  illegal use of controlled substances, too, thereby helping to subvert  the nation's war on drugs.
And yet, because this is an attack of a trillion mosquitos rather than  a frontal attack by a roaring bear, we don't even acknowledge it as an  attack, and there's no way to definitively tie this attack to a  hostile government -- absolute deniability!
2) Tactical cyberwar would certainly include attacks against control  systems; if you're interested you can see my take on this issue at  (or .pdf)
3) Full-blown strategic cyberwar, worst case, would involve things  like high altitude electromagnetic pulse-induced damage to terrestrial  networks and power distribution grids, while simultaneously degrading  or destroying non-radiation-hardened satellites aloft.
If you're interested, please also feel free to see my talk, "Planning  for Certain High Risk Security Incidents,"  (or .pdf) from the fall  2007 Internet2 Member Meeting in San Diego,  where I urge adoption of a program of hardening critical assets to  resist H-EMP.
Feel free to drop me a note if you have any questions,
Joe St Sauver, Ph.D. (joe at oregon.uoregon.edu)
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
