
@_date: 2006-01-28 10:34:55
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: Running a Tor exit node on an academic network? 
these lines as well!
The main reason I didn't want to send my justification document to the
list is that it might expose my strategy (and any deliberation about
it) to the networking people if they monitor this list.  I suppose
that might be the plays-with-lawyers-well side of me.
I could send it if others think it would be helpful (and I guarantee
that I'll write up my struggle next week after they've passed
judgement on my proposal).
I guess I'll just paraphrase the issues and academic stuff:
* They want to make sure that my Tor server is not used to attack
services/computers on the campus network. Proposal: block all exit
traffic to campus IP addresses.
* The Library has electronic subscriptions to certain services that
are based on IP addresses only.  Proposal: block exit connections to
those IP addresses given a list or build a list as needed.  The
eventual list could be thousands of IP addresses long which would have
a undetermined impact on Tor's performance.
* They're not confident that Tor will obey its exit policies.
Proposal: include kernel-level software firewall and possibly a
hardware-based firewall device on the Tor box.
* They're concerned about bandwidth (although this one is not a
biggie).  Proposal: limit to 5% of my departments bandwidth (5MBit/s)
and then explore burst settings and see how this impacts our
As for academic justification, in addition to Dean, Sysadmin. and
multiple Faculty supporters I've noted that:
* We have a postdoc that works on reputation systems in anonymous routing.
* Journalism and Law students need a way to be able to communicate
with clients/sources and do competitive analyses in a private, secure
* Faculty need to be able to do research on student and faculty
candidates without exposing their institutional affiliation.[1]
* Students at our school have expressed interest in using our Tor node
to incorporate onion-routing concepts into client-side privacy
protection tools and research tools (like hidden surveys and such).
* Students in networking, privacy, security and cryptography classes
(such as myself) could tinker with our Tor node and get hands-on
experience with onion-routing, cryptography an anonymity tools.
[1] Neither of these require a Tor node (exit or middleman) on
campus... but I'd like to make a convincing case that we need to be
supporting the network if we're going to be using its services.
I would appreciate any comments on any of this... -Joe
Joseph Lorenzo Hall
PhD Student
UC Berkeley, School of Information (SIMS)
blog: This email is written in [markdown] - an easily-readable and parseable
text format.
[markdown]: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-11 11:56:45
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: Serious vulnerability in Diebold DRE voting machines... 
The public (redacted) report on this should be available in one hour
(10AM PDT). -Joe
# Voting glitch said to be 'dangerous' #
By Ian Hoffman, STAFF WRITER
Inside Bay Area
Elections officials in several states are scrambling to understand and
limit the risk from a "dangerous" security hole found in Diebold
Election Systems Inc.'s ATM-like touch-screen voting machines.
The hole is considered more worrisome than most security problems
discovered on modern voting machines, such as weak encryption, easily
pickable locks and use of the same, weak password nationwide.
Armed with a little basic knowledge of Diebold voting systems and a
standard component available at any computer store, someone with a
minute or two of access to a Diebold touch screen could load virtually
any software into the machine and disable it, redistribute votes or
alter its performance in myriad ways.
"This one is worse than any of the others I've seen. It's more
fundamental," said Douglas Jones, a University of Iowa computer
scientist and veteran voting-system examiner for the state of Iowa.
"In the other ones, we've been arguing about the security of the locks
on the front door," Jones said. "Now we find that there's no back
door. This is the kind of thing where if the states don't get out in
front of the hackers, there's a real threat."
The Argus is withholding some details of the vulnerability at the
request of several elections officials and scientists, partly because
exploiting it is so simple and the tools for doing so are widely
available. A Finnish computer expert working with Black Box Voting, a
nonprofit organization critical of electronic voting, found the
security hole in March after Emery County, Utah, was forced by state
officials to accept Diebold touch screens, and a local elections
official allowed the expert to examine the machines.
Black Box Voting was to issue two reports today on the security hole,
one of limited distribution that explains the vulnerability fully and
one for public release that withholds key technical details.
The computer expert, Harri Hursti, quietly sent word of the
vulnerability in March to several computer scientists who advise
various states on voting systems.
At least two of those scientists verified some or all of Hursti's
findings. Several notified their states and requested meetings with
Diebold to understand the problem.
The result, said Iowa's Jones, is a violation of federal voting
system rules.
"All of us who have heard the technical details of this are really
shocked. It defies reason that anyone who works with security would
tolerate this design," he said.
Contact Ian Hoffman at ihoffman at angnewspapers.com.
Joseph Lorenzo Hall
PhD Student, UC Berkeley, School of Information
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2012-03-05 17:25:06
@_author: Joseph Lorenzo Hall 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Teaching Non-technical Folks About Tor... 
Hi tor-talk!
This is a request for input. Pedagogical input, but I'm also aware of
how crazy smart you all are in general!
About six months ago, one of you described vaguely how your servers
were seized by German cops and you explained to the police how Tor
works using envelopes within envelopes.  I had the thought that this
kind of a technique could be really helpful in teaching non-technical
folks how some aspects of Tor works through a hands-on demonstration.
This semester, I'm teaching a class of upper-division undergraduate
students in a Communications department at NYU about privacy.  I want
them to know more about Tor, and thankfully I have Runa and Aaron
stopping by my class. woo!
However, I sat down recently and tried to sketch out how an in-class
hands-on exercise might work that explained some of the core features
of Tor.  Here is the result:
 (Markdown input)
This is my first draft. It really only works with a small class (mine
is 11) or a sub-set of a larger class.  It also doesn't let the
students choose much about the messaging (this is to avoid
distractions like the hunky guy getting a bunch of love letters during
an in-class exercise! ... or more negative versions of the same.).
However, it has some serious flaws... for example, the students don't
"build circuits" through successive tunnels; the circuits are sort of
handed to them.  Also, the way it works right now the instructor is a
central big brother node.  I have tried to think about ways students
could be assigned a message and recipient and then roll dice to decide
the circuit path, but nothing seems terribly workable (and I don't
want it to get much more complex!).  Another self-criticism is that
it's not immediately apparent what part of this who charade Tor takes
care of. ::)
So, having a real physical demonstration of onion-routing may be
unrealistic... but I'm wondering if you all have comments or better
ideas about how to make it realistic without making it terribly
complex (Ideally, smart high school or grammar school students could
be taught about Tor using this kind of an exercise).
best and thanks, Joe
Joseph Lorenzo Hall
Postdoctoral Research Fellow
Media, Culture and Communication
New York University
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
