
@_date: 1996-01-31 03:02:41
@_author: John Schofield 
@_subject: Your "urgent" alert 
John Schofield said:
Nathaniel Borenstein said:
You are fear-mongering.  You point out the details of an attack that was
*NEVER* secret.  It is transparently an attempt to build First Virtual's
market share.  This "new" technique will undoubtedly steal SOME credit-card
numbers, but it can be dealt with the same way people *NOW* deal with trojan
horses and viruses.  It involves no new ideas, no new technologies, and no
new problems.
Again, you're trying to undermine your competetors and build market share
for yourself by misleading novices.  The same people who you claim are too
clueless to understand "cut and paste."  You should be ashamed of yourself.
Go steal candy from babies.
   John Schofield -- If all else fails, try contacting me at ac086 at lafn.org.
          PGP Public Key available by e-mailing PGPKEY at sprawl.ktb.net.

@_date: 1996-05-19 19:18:32
@_author: John Schofield 
@_subject: Cheap remailers 
There's been much talk on this list about the need for cheap remailers, and
I wanted to announce (unofficially) one of the least expensive remailer
setups I've seen.  The code is written by Jim Cannell, with documentation by
me.  It's designed as a remailer for Fidonet-technology systems.  Fidonet
Anonymous ReMailer runs under standard DOS, and is quite easy to install and
run.  The average Fidonet sysop should be able to get it up and running in
about 15 minutes.
With Internet gateway software and a UUCP account, it works quite well as an
Internet remailer.  I'm running a beta-test version at
remail at sprawl.ktb.net.  Please feel free to use it.  Help files are
available, but are oriented towards Fidonet users.  Still, you should be
able to puzzle it out.  It will only be up for a month longer, because I'm
leaving the country for two months, but Jim should keep you posted after the
public release on what Fidonet remailers are operating.
Requirements for running a Fidonet Anonymous ReMailer:
286-clone or better, with a 2400bps modem or better.
Fidonet Anonymous Remailer (free)
telephone line (a dedicated line is good, but not necessary)
Fidonet mail tosser (free or inexpensive shareware)
Fidonet Mailer (free or inexpensive shareware)
Most people probably won't be running Fidonet Anonymous Remailer with quite
this inexpensive a setup.  I'm running on a 486-50, two dedicated phone
lines, and two 28.8k bps modems.  If all I was running was the remailer, I
certainly wouldn't need that much hardware.
The remailer will be released with full source When It's Ready, and any
Fidonet node (there are more than 20,000) will be able to run the software
and act as a remailer.  The UUCP feed is not necessary for Internet
connectivity -- any Fidonet node can send and receive e-mail from the
Internet through standard gateways.  However, operating your own gateway
makes it much more fast and reliable.  I pay $20/month for my UUCP feed.
Fidonet can't compete with the Internet in terms of features, activity, or
much else -- but for dirt-cheap bare-bones networking, you can't beat it.
                    ac086 at lafn.org
                        john at ktb.net
                             library at c2.org
                                  (They're all me.)
        PGP Public Key available by e-mailing PGPKEY at sprawl.ktb.net
                        or by fingering library at c2.org.
        Check out the Digital Library at
