
@_date: 2001-07-11 15:44:07
@_author: john galt 
@_subject: Creator of PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) To Speak in San Francisco 
Phil Zimmermann, Creator of PGP (Pretty Good Privacy), and Leader in the OpenPGP Alliance, To Speak in San Francisco
WHEN: Tuesday, July 31,  2001    6:30pm-8:30pm WHERE: ServOn
650 Townsend, Suite 252, San Francisco, CA;  At the corner of 8th St. & Townsend St. Philip R. Zimmermann is the creator of Pretty Good Privacy. For that, he was the target of a three-year criminal investigation, because the government held that US export restrictions for cryptographic software were violated when PGP spread all around the world following its 1991 publication as freeware. Despite the lack of funding, the lack of any paid staff, the lack of a company to stand behind it, and despite government persecution, PGP nonetheless became the most widely used email encryption software in the world. After the government dropped its case in early 1996, Zimmermann founded PGP Inc. That company was acquired by Network Associates Inc (NAI) in December 1997, where he stayed on for three years as Senior Fellow. Zimmermann currently serves as Chief Cryptographer at Hush Communications, and is also consulting with a number of companies and industry organizations on matters cryptographic.
BACKGROUND ON THIS EVENT:
Over the past few years, the dot-com frenzy has created thousands of websites which together handle over billions of dollars in commerce each month. Now that growth-at-any-cost is over, what are the best strategies to protect what we've built? In the past twelve months, several of the top websites have been shut down, including Yahoo, Amazon, and eBay. Thieves stole 15,700 credit-card and debit-card numbers from a Western Union web site last fall. The FBI broke up a Russian theft ring that gained illegal access to 40 banks and e-commerce sites in 10 states by exploiting a well-known Windows NT vulnerability. Over a thousand web sites were defaced with expletives by a Chinese worm in the past two months. Most internet thefts and break-ins are never even reported in the media, because the victims are afraid of negative publicity. Security is an important piece of almost every web application delivered. Over the next few months, Software Developement Forum ( will be bringing in leading experts in many aspects of Internet Security and Privacy. They will explain which threats you should pay attention to first, and how to reduce risk. The non-profit Software Development Forum (SDForum) is the premiere Silicon Valley organization connecting software professionals, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, industry experts and major technology companies. With a 10,000-person reach, 2000 individual members and 20-30 events each month, SDForum is a source of information, education and connection for people in Silicon Valley.
MORE DETAILS
6:30-7:00pm registration/networking/pizza/refreshments (please arrive before 7:00 PM)
7:00-8:30pm presentation and discussion
GETTING THERE:
By car: Easy (for the city) street parking. Paid parking is available on the roof. By monoplized transit: Civic Center BART startion. Take the 19 bus, south on 8th street to the corner of Townsend and 8th street and you will be at the entrance of the building.  You can walk from the BART station - it's a 6 block walk south.  You may wait longer for the bus than it takes to walk.
$10 for non-SDForum Members
No charge for SDForum members and students with ID
To register for this event:  If you would like to be a speaker at a security future event, or you know of someown who would, pleae reply to this message with 'speaker proposal' in the subject of the message.
Much of this info is repeated here: ApexMail now registers domains!
