
@_date: 1994-04-11 23:57:26
@_author: John Savage 
@_subject: Help: Can I get a current Cypherpunks gateway site list here? 
I have been sent a somewhat dated file, listing Cypherpunks remailer sites,
and mail-to-news gateways; can I get sent a current list, please?
(It is the gateway list that I'm particularly after.)
In case this is an automated a/c: I did not get the list please send list
 internet: johns at macadam.mpce.mq.edu.au

@_date: 1994-04-18 00:33:46
@_author: John Savage 
@_subject: Which remailers like to handle anon mail? 
I have been trying to form a picture of the anonymous remailer services available to subscribers to USENET newsgroups.
Here is the current list of mail-to-news gateways (obtained by executing
finger remailer.list at chaos.bsu.edu):
alt.test.usenet at decwrl.dec.com    / yes, works for me
alt.test at news.demon.co.uk         /  "     "
alt.test at news.cs.indiana.edu      /  "     "
alt-test at pws.bull.com             X host unknown
alt-test at ucbvax.berkeley.edu
alt-test at cs.utexas.edu            / works; discourages anon mail
also, soda.berkeley.edu           /works well
I would appreciate a few details, if anyone can assist, please:
Is pws.bull.com no longer in existence?, as I get "unknown host".
Is this a list of all the public gateways that exist in the whole world???
Which of these sites welcomes anon mail for anon posting?  Anyone know?
(apart from soda)
To cross-post to 2 newsgroups, I believe the standard method is:
mail alt-test at cs.utexas.edu
So, can I cross post to a 3rd group by using BCC: misc-misc at cs.utexas.edu?
And, does this mean that 3 groups is the upper limit for cross-posting?
(I know soda has no upper limit, but I'm asking about the others.)
There are plenty of Cypherpunks anonymous remailers available for the
net to use, but it seems to me that they satisfy only one-half of the
requirement -- we also need a number of obliging mail-to-news gateways if anonymous news is going to be a solid proposition.
Awaiting your answers with great interest!
- johns at macadam.mpce.mq.edu.au
