
@_date: 2002-06-18 14:54:45
@_author: SANDRA SAVIMBI 
@_subject: No subject 
Dear Friend,
This letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have
not yet met. The message could be strange but reel if you pay some attention to it. I could have notified you about it at least for the sake of your
integrity. Please accept my sincere apologies. In bringing this message
of goodwill to you, I have to say that I have no intentions of causing
you any pains.
I am Ms. Sandra savimbi, daughter of the late rebel leader Jonas savimbi
of Angola who was killed on the 22nd of febuary 2002 . I managed to get
your contact details through "The World Business Journal", a journal
of the Johannesburg Chamber of Commerce in South Africa in the time I
was desperately looking for a trustworthy person to assist me in this
confidential business.
my late father, Jonas savimbi was able to deposit a large sum of money
in differnt banks in europe My father is presently death and the movement
of his family members (including me) is restricted. We are forbidden
to either travel abroad or out of our localities. Presently, the US$25,600,000.00 twentyfive, MILLION, six HUNDRED DOLLARS my father transfered to
Netherlands is safe and is in a security firm.  I am therefore soliciting your
help tohave this money transfered into your account. before my government get
wind of this fund .You know my father was a rebel leader in Angola before his death My reason for doing this is because it will be difficult
for the Angolan government to trace my father's money to an individual's
account, especially when such an individual has no relationship ,I decided
to keep that money for my family use. At present the money is kept in a Security Company in nertherland.
I am currently and temporarily living in Angola with my husband.
 Moreover the political climatein Angola at the moment being so sensitive and unstable.
When you are ready i will give you the information needed before you can get access to the fund you will then proceed to Netherlands where the US$25,600,000.00 twentyfive, MILLION, six HUNDRED DOLLARS will be given to you as payment.
Alternatively, you can have the fund transferred into any account that suits you.
and for your co-operation and partnership, we have unanimously agreed that you will
be entitled to 5.5% of the money when successfully receive it in your account.
 The nature of your business is not relevant to the successful execution of this
transaction.  kindly provide me with all your contacts addresses including your personal telephone and fax number. All correspondence is for the attention of my counsel:joseph edward.
 Kindly get back to us.
Sandra Savimbi.
