
@_date: 2012-08-15 16:46:43
@_author: Joss Wright 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Images of Blocking in Different Countries? 
I carried out a few experiments last year, looking at regional
variations in the responses of Chinese DNS servers for domains that had
been reported as blocked by Herdict. (Using a list of DNS servers pulled
from the APNIC WHOIS database.)
There are plenty of caveats to the approach I took: DNS server location
doesn't map reliably onto where the user is, DNS poisoning can occur at
border routers, DNS servers can return different responses to different
people, my methods for detecting poisoning were quite crude, etc.
Given all that, I found a lot of variation in the DNS responses across
China. I published a paper about it in FOCI'11 last year, but that
mainly focused on the ethical issues of censorship research:
 There are some preliminary results and visualisations in this
(Apologies for my terrible GIS skills...)
The approach was quite crude, but does support the hypothesis of
filtering being at least partially decentralised. (Which makes sense for
such a massive project.) I'm currently looking at quite a promising approach for a much more
interesting set of experiments based on IP scans rather than DNS. Watch
this space. :)
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-03-20 15:46:55
@_author: Joss Wright 
@_subject: [liberationtech] CfP: 2nd Workshop on Free and Open Communications 
Hello All,
This year Roger Dingledine of the Tor Project and I will be chairing the
2nd Workshop on Free and Open Communications on the Internet (FOCI), in
conjunction with the USENIX Security Symposium, on the 6th of August in
Bellevue, WA.
FOCI aims to bring together a community of researchers working on all
aspects of internet censorship. In addition to computer science
research, we are particularly keen to expand on the interdisciplinary
approach taken by the first workshop, and so are actively seeking
submissions from social and political sciences, law, economics,
activism, and any other field that can contribute to the discussion.
The full call for papers is available here:
I hope to see some of you there,
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
