
@_date: 1993-12-26 09:26:55
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Reveal your key or else. 
stuff deleted..
Actually, there is a somewhat easier method that uses the one- time pad technique.
Take your confidential text and xor it with a random byte file (your key) and call the output file "secret.msg".   Then copy the random file off the hard drive and store in a secure location, perhaps off-site, and wipe all traces of the random key file from your disk.
Now, type up you Mother's chocolate cookie recipe,  and other goodies and pad it so it is the same size as the "secret.msg" file and xor this file with your "secret.msg" file.   Rename the output "secret.key", and hide somewhere on your hard drive.  (but don't hide it too well).
If some one finds "secret.msg", and demands the key, you give in (after some arm twisting), and confess that the "secret.key" is the key file they want.    When "secret.key" is xor'ed with "secret.msg", out pops the cookie recipe.   Later, you can fetch the "real" key, and restore your original data.
Of course, as Mike Ingle suggests, a more believable approach is to xor the encrypted file with some mild pornography instead of a cookie recipe recipe.  (One of the great ways of lying is to plead guilty , but to a lesser crime).
Of course this technique could be used against you as well.  Someone would could xor your "secret.msg" file, with nuclear bomb secrets, and pretend to find this "key" somewhere else in your Following the same logic, one can produce a key, that when xor'd
with Microsoft's "command.com", will produce output revealing Microsoft's secret plans for word conquest :-)
Jim Pinson

@_date: 1993-12-26 09:27:20
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Random numbers and "dirty" books 
I have been working off and on for some time on a one-time pad application (that I will release next week).   Since the success of an OTP is dependent on having a good source of random numbers, I
have kept my eyes open for any information related to random numbers, and their generation.
Conventional wisdom has it that the best way to generate random numbers is to measure some physical phenomenon such as radioactive
decay, and use these measurements to form your "random" number Recently, I came across an interesting article in the "New Scientist" (May 8, 1993) entitled "The half Life of a Dirty Book".  This article indicates that phenomena-based
measurements may have some interesting properties.
A number of years ago, when people used log tables (any of you remember the CRC tables?), some astute observers noticed that
the front section of the log tables were more heavily used than the back section.  This seemed odd, since it would seem reasonable that all portions of the table should have an equal chance of being examined.
In 1938, the physicist Frank Benford made a study of numerous measurements based on natural phenomena.  He looked at surface areas of lakes, molecular weights of compounds etc.
He discovered that the first digit of any such measurement was most likely to be a one, and least likely to be a nine.  The probability  that this digit takes a given value decreases in a regular manner as the digits increase from one to nine.  This
is called Benford's Law.
Later, a report in the European Journal for Physics (vol 14, page 59) showed that that alpha decay half lives, both predicted and observed, followed Benford's law.
What was also interesting was that Benford's law is scale- invariant.  According to the article: "The same law applies whether you measure the areas of lakes in hectares or square yards, whether you multiply house numbers by seven or 93, or whether you count the half-lives of alpha particles in seconds or The article concludes that Benford's law may actually be a part of chaos theory.  Fractals, they also point out, are scale - All this may indicate that random number produced from observations of physical phenomena may have characteristics that  set them apart from software-derived random numbers.
Does this give a tool for breaking random number based encryption?
I can't see how, since you still can't figure out the exact sequence.
But it perhaps means there may be fractal patterns there, at least for numbers derived from physical phenomena.
Of course, with an 8 bit random number sequence (with a maximum number
of 255), it would be hard to generate a number sequence that did
not follow Benford's law.. You would have to throw in a lot of 9's , and
99's to get as as many numbers begining with '9' as you do that begin
with a '1' (1, 10-19,100-199).
So let's see..... first we had flat distributions vs. normal distributions, now Benford vs. non Benford.....
Jim Pinson     Confused in Galapagos.

@_date: 1993-12-30 21:20:44
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Benford revisited: 
In regards to my posting about the New Scientist article on
"Benford's" law (unexpected number ratios in observed data), I received many comments along the line of:
Actually, the New Scientist article gave a very clear explanation of Benford's law, and how it can be a simple artifact of the way
numbers are counted.
The article caught my attention,  when it went on to explain how other phenomena, such as alpha particle half-lifes can follow Benford's law for completely different reasons.
I won't attempt to retype the entire article, but Buck, Merchant, and Perez, reported in the  European Journal of Physics (Vol 14, p59) that both expected and observed half-lives followed Benford's law.
Quoting New Scientist: "..Why should nature operate in this curious manner? Buck and his colleagues point out that in the case of alpha decay, there may be a good physical reason.  In 1928 George Gamow used the newfangled theory of quantum mechanics to describe alpha decay.  The alpha particle lives inside a "potential well" in which the energy is lower than in an any other state that it can normally reach.  It escapes by "tunneling" through the potential well.  The probability of tunneling occurring within a given time is found by forming a so- called "tunneling integral" and raising it to a power that is proportional to time.  So tunneling times, and hence half-lives naturally correspond to a geometric series, not a arithmetic one. If nature chooses the tunneling integral "randomly" with uniform probability, then the power-law dependence of alpha-particle half-lives on this integral leads to scale-invariant behavior, and so to Benford's law.  "
I am not a physicist or a mathematician, so I can't speculate on the validity of these statements.
However, all this did make me wonder if advances in fractal geometry, or chaos theory, might one day reveal patterns in seemingly random numbers derived from real word phenomena.
Since most random numbers used in cryptography are derived from real word phenomena,  we should be aware of such potential Actually, we don't have to bring in fractals, chaos, or Benford's law to have reason for concern about using real world based random numbers.
A method commonly recommended on this list for generating random numbers is to take the audio input from a workstation (with no mike attached) and then compress the output:
cat /dev/audio | compress - >random-bits-file
First of all, without extensive study of the audio output (from the *specific* source) who can say the output is random in the first place?  Harmonics from the various electrical circuits in the computer could easily produce non-random effects (like a 60 cycle hum).
The second aspect that concerns me is the use of compression. Unless
you are very familiar with the type of data compression being used,
how can you be sure there aren't various signatures, tables, data
structures, or headers being inserted into the output.
Indeed, I had to go no further that the beginning of a data file
produced by the "Compress" program, to find nonrandom numbers.  All
such files begin with the same three bytes!  If something so obvious
is being overlooked, what about more subtle patterns?
Anyway, it seems to me there can be many factors "contaminating" random numbers based on physical phenomena, factors ranging from a simple 60 cycle hum to unrecognized fractal patterns.
It is perhaps a good idea to routinely "massage" random numbers to remove both recognized and unrecognized contamination.
Xor'ing random numbers derived from two or more different sources might be sufficient.  If done properly, such a procedure may produce non-Benford, evenly-distributed random numbers, which might be considered superior to the original.
Actually, I tend to be rather cautious about such things and am always on the lookout for possible "contamination".  I also try to keep an open mind to new ideas.
Jim Pinson

@_date: 1993-10-05 11:25:23
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Need Suggestions for Random Numbers 
Greetings from the Galapagos islands!
I am working on a PC implementation of a one-time pad cipher, and
am trying to develop a way to produce an "acceptable" random file
to be xor'd with the plaintext.
I have seen here and elsewhere descriptions of hardware random
number generators (Geiger counters measuring random nuclear
decay, microphones picking up background hiss etc.), but I need
something that can be implemented entirely in software.
I recognize that there is probably no "perfect" software
solution, but some techniques are better that others.  (i.e.:
I want to avoid making a REALLY stupid mistake here!)
Listed below are a few ideas I have come up with, but I need some
feedback from more knowledgeable sources.    Any suggestions or
comments would be greatly appreciated.  If you reply to me
directly, I will summarize for the list.
Please don't suggest book/journal references that are not
accessible via the internet.  It would take me about 6 months to
order books from here.  (Everything I know about the
outside world arrives via my Pegasus/KA9Q mailer :-)
Also, can anyone recommend a statistical test for randomness, or
for detecting repeating patterns in a "random" file?
(I remember some years back someone demonstrated the Apple II random
number generator was flawed by converting the random numbers to
screen coordinates and "painting" the screen.  No matter how long
you ran the program, certain areas of the screen were never filled
in. In other words, certain numbers were never generated.)
Thanks in advance for any assistance.
Jim Pinson                    Galapagos Islands, Ecuador.
jpinson at fcdarwin.org.ec       PGP public key available by finger
----------Possible methods------------
(note: using the Borland C++ compiler)
- Generate a random file using Borland's random number
  generator, then run the output through an encryptor (PGP,
  DES etc.).   Possible variation: running through several
  different encryptors or multiple passes through a single
  encryptor.
- Generate two random files using different random number
  generators, then xor'ing the two files together to
  produce the final file.
- Generate a "bunch" of small random number files, reseeding the
  generator before each run.  The resulting files would then be
  concatenated to produce the final file.  (my thought here is to
  keep the random files small enough to avoid the eventual repeat
  of sequences that I understand occur in random number
  generators).
- Combinations of the above?
- Other:  Suggestions welcome.
On the subject of using audio input for generating random
numbers:  has any one tried using an audio file created by the
Windows sound recorder program?
What would be a good source of random meaningless sound? (an
quiet room, ocean surf, repeats of Gilligan's Island, old
presidential speeches (pick your favorite president). :-)

@_date: 1993-10-29 09:18:24
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
All the talk recently about multiple fake identities reminded me
of a research project I read about a few years ago.   A team set
out to ascertain if Shakespeare was really one person, or actually
several people.
The researchers analyzed the frequency distribution of words
found in the works of Shakespeare, and compared them to the other
writers of the day.     I don't recall the results of the
project, but that kind of research would have implications for
anonymous postings.
It is not too difficult to see how certain spelling errors, word
frequency (how often do you say 'I':-) choice of wording, and the
working vocabulary of an individual could  allow you to
identify an anonymous poster.  This would be particularly easy if the
individual also posted under their real name.
I suspect that the government has done research on this topic. It
would be useful to identify which terrorist made which (written)
This brings up the subject of how one can post without
leaving an "ASCII fingerprint".  I suspect the use of a spelling
checker and grammatical checker would help.    Perhaps running
your text through a language converter, (say English to French)
then back would remove many identifying characteristics.
Jim Pinson                     Galapagos Islands
PGP key available by finger    jpinson at fcdarwin.org.ec

@_date: 1994-01-05 10:29:35
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: One-Time Pad Available 
A Beta test version of OTP-PC is ready for release.
OTP-PC is a MS DOS version of the Vernam One-time pad, an unbreakable but somewhat clumsy cipher.
I have added several features to make the one-time pad easier to -OTP-PC can use a large pad (codebook) for multiple messages.
 This feature is more efficient than using multiple smaller pads.
-Optional Precompression of the plain text reduces consumption of
 the pad, and masks the size of the original file.
-The portions of the pad used each session are overwritten, both on
 encoding and decoding, to prevent reuse.
-Encoded files have a 2-stage header.  The first stage, an un-
 encrypted "bootstrap", automates the decode process.  The  second encrypted header contains more sensitive information.
-A 32 bit CRC (stored in the encrypted header) verifies
 reconstruction of the original file.
-Automatic wiping of intermediate compressed files.
If anyone would like to volunteer to test OTP-PC, and give me any suggestions or bug reports, please send me a message.
Please indicate your preference for UUencode, Mime Base64, BinHex, or PGP ASCII Armor.
I will send you both the executable and ANSI C (Borland C++ V3.0) source code.
Jim Pinson                   jpinson at fcdarwin.org.ec

@_date: 1994-01-05 10:29:38
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Wiping files on compressed disks. 
I did a few tests on wiping compressed (Stacker) files:
Sdir, the Stacker directory command, reported a 900k PKZip file had a compression ratio of 1.0:1  (no compression).
I wiped the file using the same character repeatedly, and sdir reported the resultant file had a compression ratio of 15.9:1
I wiped another copy of the zip file using sets of increasing characters (0-255).   After this wipe the compression ratio was Lastly, I wiped the file using random characters, generated using Turboc's random() function.
This time, the compression ratio was 1.0:1, the same as the Sounds like wiping with random characters may indeed be the way to go to avoid "slack" at the end of the file.
One interesting note:   When I fragmented the original zip file into 50K segments with a "chop" program, sdir reported that each segment had a compression ratio of 1.1:1, even though the original file showed no compression.
When I created 10K segments, I got a compression ratio of 1.6:1
Pkzip however, was unable to compress these file segments at all.
I suspect that Stacker is not really compressing these smaller files in the normal sense, but is storing them more efficiently (better sector or cluster size?).
Jim Pinson

@_date: 1994-06-27 19:52:34
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Tom Clancy's Random Number Generator.. 
There have been some recent discussions on the list about generating
random number using "thermal" noise from diodes and from radio
I thought some of you might be interested in this fictional depiction of a Random Number Generator from Tom Clancy's book "The Sum of all Fears".  The story also touches on the topic of distributing OTP's on CD-ROMS, a topic discussed some time back on this list.
-------- story by Tom Clancy, typos by me....--------
"Tell me about it. I haven't been briefed in"
"Essential it's our own version of the TAPDANCE. It's a one-time pad with transpositions stored on laser-disk CD ROM.  The transpositions are generated from atmospheric radio noise, then super encrypted with noise from later in the day - atmospheric noise is prety random, and by using two separate sets of the noise, and using a computer-generated random algorithm to mix the two, well, the mathematicians say that's as random as it gets.  The transpositions are generated by computer and fed onto laser disks in realtime.  We use a different disk for everyday of the year.  Each disk is unique, two copies only, one to the station, one in MERCURY- no backups.  The laser-disk reader we use at both ends looks normal, but has a beefed-up laser, and as it reads the transposition codes from the disk it also burns them right off the plastic.  When the disk is used up, or the day ends- and the day will end first, since we're talking billions of characters per disk- the disk is destroyed by baking it in a microwave oven.  That takes two minutes.  It ought to be secure as hell.  It can only be compromised at three stages: fist when the disks ar manufactured; second, from disk-storage here,: third, from disk storage at each station.  Compromise of one station does not compromise anyone else. .....
---------- end of quoted material
(ciphers were discussed several times in the book, but I won't
take up bandwidth to reproduce them all)
Jim Pinson              Galapagos

@_date: 1994-05-11 11:33:42
@_author: jpinson@fcdarwin.org.ec 
@_subject: Enhanced One-time pad available: 
Greetings Cypherpunks.
After a lengthy test period, I am releasing the first official version of OTP-PC  (there is no change from the beta version).
The file otp-10.zip may be found on:
wuarchive.wustl.edu  /pub/MSDOS_UPLOADS/cryptography
(the same directory as Secdev)
I have also posted the file to the cypherpunks directory on
soda.berkeley.com.  Attempts to find out when/where otp will be
posted on soda have not been answered. (My cypherpunks mail has
stopped, so there may be a problem there)
If you problems finding otp-10.zip, please send me a message and I will send it to you via PGP ASCII-armor.
If any one can provide a FTP site for me to post OTP-PC, please let me know.
This is the first public release of OTP-PC, which is a MS-DOS
implementation of the one-time pad or Vernam Cipher.  The one-time pad
is the only encryption method proven to be unbreakable.
Complete source, of course!
                      OTP-PC features:
-Automatic compression of plain text messages prior to encryption.
 Compression reduces consumption of the pad, and masks the size of the
 original document. (compression can be overridden)
-Automatic wiping of the pad (codebook), to prevent reuse on both
 encryption and decryption.
-Wiping and deletion of intermediate compressed files.
-Two stage cipher text headers.  The first stage header is un-
 encrypted, and contains information needed to start decryption.    The second stage contains sensitive information (CRC etc), and is  encrypted.
-A 32 bit CRC stored in the encrypted header verifies reconstruction  of the original file.
-A verbose mode which displays encryption/decryption statistics.
Thanks,  Jim Pinson -Galapagos
         jpinson at fcdarwin.org.ec

@_date: 1994-11-22 12:35:13
@_author: Jim Pinson 
@_subject: Snoop program for Linux 
Thought ya'll might want to know that the latest Slackware Linux distribution has a "ttysnoop" program that watches a users login tty.  I haven't tried it, and probably wont', but thought I'd pass it along.
Jim Pinson        Galapagos.

@_date: 1994-11-22 12:48:49
@_author: Jim Pinson 
@_subject: New remailer concept. 
It occurs to me that most people have more to fear from their neighbors, than they do from the powerful TLA's.    Knowing that you are hunting for a new job is not important to the world at large, but could be embarrassing if your current employer found out.   Likewise, the people most interested in knowing about that sex list you subscribe to are your coworkers.
The answer of course is encryption, but that is a problem when you are writing to your, well... , "crypto challenged" friends.   Also, two way encrypted messages to most discussion lists is not possible (to my knowledge).
To address these problems I suggest the creation of "crypto remailers".    They would work like this:
You subscribe to the remailer by sending a request including the account name you wish.  This could be either a real name (jpinson) or a pseudonym (lizard).   You would also include in the subscription request a copy of your public key.
Assuming there are no name collisions with existing users, you would get back a message of acceptance, and a copy of the remailers public key.
To use the remailer, you would create a message containing as the first line a "request remail to: USERNAME" , followed by your message.
You then encrypt the message with the remailers public key and send it to the "remail" account at the remailer.
The remailer then decodes the message you sent, and sends it to its destination as plain text.   It sets the "from" field to your account name on the remailer.
The recipient of your message can then reply to your remail account in plain text, with no need for any "remail to " commands or special processing.
A .forward pipe on your remailer account would run a Perl script to encode the message to you with your public key, and send it to your real address.  (for security it could set the "from" field to something other than your remail account name)
The advantage is that you have total protection at your end.
All mail to and from the remail account is encrypted.
You could now subscribe to lists, and receive mail from lists, without your local administrator knowing anything about them.  This last feature could be useful for students at universities that limit access.
Is there anything like this out there already?
Jim Pinson     Charles Darwin Research Station, Galapagos
