
@_date: 2013-01-24 20:39:57
@_author: James Salsman 
@_subject: Geurilla open access cookbook 
A direct action with a sterilized scalpel instead of a shotgun is
still a direct action.
I'm not condemning people willing to participate in civil
disobedience, and I have done so myself on multiple occasions. But the
document as it stands urges a criminal conspiracy in a way that could
ensnare people even tangentially involved without disclosing the risks
in a way that we could say that they would be making an informed
decision to risk persecution. Any person would be more condemned by
the possibility of a felony arrest, conviction, and prison term than
the requirement to consider improving Wikipedia.
Nobody is likely to be persecuted for using the US fair use exemptions
allowing people to share copyrighted documents when they are
collaborating on established publications. It's airtight in centuries
of case law and explicit codification.
Perhaps we should be asking if there is a safe yet massive synthesis
between the Cookbook thesis and Wikipedia:Resource_exchange antithesis
1. What collaboration projects would require the fair use of massive
collections of closed scientific documents?
2. Would compiling a version of  based
on academic journal publications qualify?
3. Can we organize to do that under a limited liability structure to
insure that nobody gets sent to jail trying?
4. Does someone know a lawyer willing to answer these questions? E.g.,
Lessig? Zittrain? EFFers?
Please see Aaron Swartz's July 2008 Guerrilla Open Access Manifesto
("Providing scientific articles to those at elite universities in the
First World, but not to children in the Global South? Itbs outrageous
and unacceptable.")

@_date: 2013-01-30 15:11:07
@_author: James Salsman 
@_subject: which is the best hosting provider in Antigua? 
Very interesting things happening in Antigua and the US:
Essentially, the World Trade Organization (WTO) have ruled that the islands
have the right to suspend US intellectual property rights. It all stems
from a trade dispute in 2003, where the US effectively banned electronic
interstate gambling, which in turn damaged Antigua's economy."
This has led to one thing and another, and "...on Monday the WTO's dispute
settlement body gave final authorisation for Antigua to sell movies, music,
games and software via a store that would be able to ignore US copyright
and trademark claims."
I'm not sure what this means for the movement - I'm sure there will be a
long and lively discussion - but it's a very interesting turn of events in
IP law.
Richard Symonds
Wikimedia UK
