
@_date: 1993-03-01 09:25:01
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: A novel (?) return address idea 
It seems clear now that the default behavior of the anon.penet.fi  remailer (generating only one anonymous ID per user, and anonymizing  all messages to other anon users with that ID) is inadequate.  At the  same time, Julf argues persuasively that users have come to expect  that their replies to anonymous Usenet articles will be anonymized.   The current na/an address workaround is okay, but I think we could do  Here's my scheme:
When a user first mails to or through a penet-style remailer, the  remailer software will automatically allocate an ID for the sender's  return address, as usual.  _But_, it will keep this number secret, in  an internal database.  Let's consider this ID to be a binary number.   The remailer appends to this ID number some "salt" bits (random bits,  perhaps with some time-stamp info to guarantee that the same salt  bits are never applied twice, if the RNG is weak).  This collection  of bits is then encrypted with a secret key only the remailer knows  (note: this should _not_ be the secret half of a public/private key  pair, for reasons that should become clear).  The encrypted bit  string is converted by a uuencode/armourtext process that produces  characters that will be legal for an e-mail address.  This is then  used for a return address.
When someone wants to reply to an anonymous message or post, the  remailer decrypts the address, ignores the "salt" bits, looks up the  anonymous ID in its database, and sends it on to the desired  recipient.  The advantage of this scheme is that no two messages will have the  same return address, and no information about the sender can be  gleaned from the return address; yet the remailer can allow replies  to every message without keeping any more records than it does under  the current version.
A couple disadvantages could be running out of bits for the return  address, and adding more encryption work for the remailer.  You'd  definitely have to own the machine, and implement some, er, different  mailing software, since you'd have to accept mail for users with any  random name whatsoever.  And, of course, this method is only useful  for penet-style remailers, not cypherpunk/mixnet remailers which  should not remember anything about messages that pass through.
What do you all think about this for a "Mark II" anon.penet.fi?

@_date: 1993-03-02 08:06:38
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: A novel (?) return address idea 
wcs at anchor.ho.att.com (Bill_Stewart(HOY002)1305) write:
Thanks :^).  [Nice summary deleted]
Yeah, I was thinking around 5 bits per character, and you have to  pattern-match something.  Could be "an-" or "x" or whatever...
Seems about right to me.  If there's demand for a different mix, you  can always add that later (with a different prefix to clue the  software into how to interpret).  Meanwhile this version could be  implemented quickly, and would offer a good deal of security.  As to  what to use for the salt... If you don't expect users to send more  than one message per second (at least, if they do, they won't mind  both of them having the same return address) you can just use a  straight timestamp -- Unix gives you 32 bits worth for free (as sec.  since 1 Jan 1970).  This guarantees you won't have loops from a PRNG.   The time won't ever be reset to a past value.
[other stuff deleted]
I don't really think we need to do any encryption of the ID to  address database, since only the remailer software should be using  it.  And while adding more salt bits might be nice (random bits  increase strength against known plaintext attacks -- a danger since  you know the approximate time, and that your ID will be the same in  each message you send), I don't see how hashing could be useful,  since it is one-way by definition.  The remailer needs to both create  and resolve return addresses.
Is the source for the anon.penet.fi remailer available?  I might have  a crack at implementing this...

@_date: 1993-03-02 11:59:50
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: A novel (?) return address idea 
[attack methods deleted]
Quite true.  I guess I never really made it clear that I don't  believe this return address method is very secure, just better than  the current version available through anon.penet.fi.  Certainly it's  no reason to abandon the work on SASE's for cypherpunk remailers.
My idea was just to make it difficult to associate different messages  from the same anon user, while keeping anon.penet.fi's current  framework.  Now all messages from the same user bear the same return  address (e.g. an1234).  If you reveal your identity in one anonymized  message, all of your past messages can be easily linked with you.   Under the new scheme, associating two messages from the same sender  would require breaking the remailer's cipher.  Yes, it's possible,  but it's not trivial.
It's also possible to limit the damage done when a single key is  compromised.  Change keys periodically (weekly? daily?) and include a  few bits at the front of the return address that will let the  remailer know which key to decrypt the rest with. The dossier problem is a real one, of course.  If Julf or his machine  is compromised, all the aliases could be revealed.  But that's true  now, as well.

@_date: 1993-03-03 06:43:02
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: ANON: Textual analysis 
This whole problem looks to me to be AI-complete.  I mean, I can't  understand the manual from my Roland synth without a whole lot of  head-scratching, and that was translated by a human!  I don't think  you're going to see a computer program giving intelligible rephrasing  any time soon.  The burden of disguising writing style may continue  to fall on the author, but if everyone has the tools to statistically  analyze their own messages before they send them, they'll at least  see what they need to change around before sending.  [I, for example,  might decide to use sentences with fewer than three clauses...]

@_date: 1993-03-03 07:48:15
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
identities, but I
way to post
It could make sense.  It would make _practical_ sense in a scheme  like the one I proposed (then amended thanks to John Gilmore's  comments) in which the remailer encrypts the return addresses with a  key that is regularly changed.  Just forget the old keys after a  certain amount of time.   (BTW, forget I ever said anything about using timestamps as salt.   The amount of known-plaintext per message is huge if you do that.   Any PRNG would be better.  I must have left my brain at home

@_date: 1993-03-10 12:14:43
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: FWEE!: Re: F-117A post considered harmful 
Hmm...  I thought that was the point.
When I read the F-117A message, I thought the poster was trying to  point out that a "whistleblower"-type newsgroup could be abused by  people trying to leak classified information (not that that should be  news to anyone).  I didn't take the information in it any more  seriously than I took DeadBeat's request that I send him my e-mail  address through anon.penet.fi, so he could describe a security hole  Am I the only one who got that impression?
