
@_date: 1993-03-06 09:16:38
@_author: Judi Clark 
@_subject: One last time Re: CFP Costs Too Much! (long) 
Hi Tim
I wanted to take a minute to respond to your note about the cost of CFP'93.
There are several things that you a) don't know, and/or b) aren't taking
into account. Altho' my writing style is somewhat cut-throat (why I am not a writer), this is not a re-flame, but rather an informational piece.
As such, if you are still interested, I can discuss the conference costs
in more detail at a future date (like sometime after the conference?).
Dave found a way to attend. He is a volunteer for the conference, and as
such, gets in free. There are over 20 such volunteers this year.
FYI, volunteers impact the costs of the conference in two ways: 1) They help to keep staffing costs out of the budget
2) They aren't guaranteed lunches/banquets so as not to increase food costs.
Given that many paid registrants don't show up for one meal or another,
volunteers help "take up the slack" with the extra meals. :-)
optional info:
In addition, volunteers help to round out the attendance. As volunteer
coordinator, I have sought to fill as many volunteer positions with women and minorities as possible. Dave, as a hacker, is one such minority.
(I'm sure this method of choosing volunteers will vary with future confs.)
Conventions typically don't have 80 speakers, nor formal banquet functions.
Meals are certainly a BIG part of our costs. Speaker meals are part of costs.
Admittedly, if we were offering "a place to show things", we would be partly subsidized by booth space costs and other commercial ventures;
our costs would be less. CFP has traditionally ruled that commercial
booths are NOT a part of the program, and have declined offers to "buy"
space on our floor.
You mention that Hacker's keeps costs down to $300 for two nights. While
we don't include the cost of the night's lodging for a number of reasons,
we do include meals. Further, Hacker's attendees all pay equally. CFP
has 80 speakers which, while they do not receive pay for their part, do
receive all meals. Part of the cost in attending reflects what you're
coming to hear, in the settings that we have arranged (single-track
sessions, banquet speakers, etc.)
Thanks for credit for the transcripts, but the $20 isn't ours. The proceedings need to be transcribed word for word from the conference, edited, and made camera-ready before IEEE or ACM (or whoever publishes
it) get the $20 each. optional info:
IEEE published the first conference, and has not yet made back the cost
of printing their small run. Those transcripts are now online. What do you think their chances are now of making their costs back?
The transcripts also need to be re-edited/indexed for free online public distribution. Noone has offered to do any of this for free yet...
You haven't talked with hotels lately. Continental breakfasts typically
cost $5 per person, lunches are another $15 per person, and dinners $20.
Add an 18% service charge and 8.25% tax to that, and multiply by 3 days...
You're missing the point of the early registration. You apparently didn't
take into account that we printed brochures and paid for mailings to some
40,000 people plus thousands more in press. While two of us worked for
several months with no pay, we did incur many expenses. We bear the costs
of bringing this conference to you until we are reimbursed. As Jim Warren
will tell you, this is no small change. The first conference, with 400+ attendees, made $1000 in "profit", and was donated to CPSR, conf sponsors. Wrong. We have a history of what this conference costs, and do all that
we can to keep costs down. For example, the conference chairman doesn't
get paid. As Organizing Coordinator, I might or might not, depending on
the conference outcome.
While the cost of this conference is minimal to a few of the attendees, it
is obviously a big factor to many. That's why we received over 100 requests
for scholarships this year, and why we were able to find separate funding for 40 full registrations (twice as many as last year!). We would like to have gotten more...
This is irrelevant. We are not doing anything because "Everyone else is
doing it." Rather, we are trying to do things that everyone else is NOT
Journalists are admitted free, but must pay for meals themselves.
Tim, I'm sorry to hear you won't be there for whatever reason.
Phiber's right, lots of the good stuff happens throughout the whole place.
And thanks, Fen, we try. (Hacker's is a different world. Would it be that
we could do some things more informally...)
I look forward to a fun, informative and project-generating conference.
  judi

@_date: 1993-05-19 07:03:42
@_author: Judi Clark 
@_subject: BBSs under fire! (or on fire, if BATF gets into the act!) 
Welcome to the real, growing, dangerous world, Stanton, where all your fears
are true.
  judi
