
@_date: 2000-11-09 08:50:48
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Where is Jim Bell? 
Why haven't you found out yet what happened to Jim Bell? Certainly you
could ask questions of Portland PD, whatever, or his mom, find out what
they've done with him.
   This is certainly a newsworthy item. Squelching free speech by terrorizing
dissedents is what it's all about.

@_date: 2000-11-13 08:32:39
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Beware the Ides of May 
auto58194 said:
       This is most likely part and parcel of the same cointelpro that is harrassing Jim Bell. What they want to do is provoke Tim into making a rash statement, a "threat" of some sort, so they have "probable cause" to
execute a warrant and/or arrest him on some spurious charge.         Typical feeb scum mentality these days. Tim's right -- there are
a great many traitors in this country today who need executing. Anyone who
has taken part in any cointelpro or agent provocateur activities will be at
the top of the list, along with the Waco and Ruby Ridge murderers, all BATFags
and DEA filth.

@_date: 2000-11-16 16:01:46
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier... 
Speaking of secure keyboards, what would one look for inside the keyboard
to determine if it were compromised? Or would the best approach be to buy a new keyboard, open it, and photograph the interior with a good camera under
good light at close range, perhaps subtly marking various items first and recording the marks. And perhaps also using some sort of sealant on the edges
when closing it back up that would show any tampering?

@_date: 2000-11-20 23:36:05
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Whistler To Block Unsigned Code 
By David Raikow, Sm at rt Partner
November 20, 2000 5:31 AM PT
Speaking at a London press conference earlier this month, Microsoft VP for IT Infrastructure and Hosting Jim Ewel announced that the upcoming Windows release known as "Whistler" will include a range of new security options, including one that will block any software lacking a valid digital signature. Though implemented in response to e-mail-attachment viruses like the Love Bug and Melissa, the new feature will extend to "every piece of code executing on the machine," Ewel told British reporters.
A Microsoft spokeswoman says that Ewel's announcement was consistent with security features in Windows 2000. "This is part of our overall commitment to security. ... Signed drivers and trusted applications are features found today in Windows 2000, and this capability will be supported in future versions of Windows," she says.
Fear Of Redmond's Reign
Microsoft has not yet laid out details of the new feature, however, and some analysts fear that it could increase the giant's power over Windows software developers.
Win2K currently recognizes two types of signed code. A "trusted application" is signed by the software publisher, allowing end users to determine its source and verify that it has not been altered or tampered with. Developers may purchase the cryptographic certificates used to create such a signature from Verisign Inc.--Microsoft has no say in determining who may receive such certificates or what software may be signed. Windows 2000 will not automatically warn or block users from using untrusted applications; end users must manually check applications to determine whether they have a valid signature.
Windows 2000 does, meanwhile, include an option that will automatically warn or block users from installing unsigned drivers--the software code that allows a computer to control hardware like printers. Developers wishing to have their drivers signed must submit them to Microsoft for testing, which maintains complete control over the signing process.
What The Analysts Say
Internet consultant Richard M. Smith believes that the new feature could represent a significant advance in Microsoft's approach to security. "Security people have been suggesting that Microsoft do something like this for a long time. I think it could be a good thing, particularly when it comes to virus defense."
Jon Callas, director of engineering at Counterpane Internet Security, is not so confident. "I think IT managers will absolutely love this ... until it blocks a shareware tool they need," he says. "Then, all of the sudden, it's preventing work from getting done, and it gets turned off. My guess is that it won't last more than a few months in most shops."
Callas also is concerned about the impact of the new feature on software developers. "At best, small developers are going to have to go out and buy certificates--not a big deal for the big guys, but a significant cost for shareware developers and the like," he adds. "At worst, they are going to have to get Microsoft's official seal of approval, which could be a huge problem for software directly competing with Microsoft apps. This could be a whole, new antitrust issue."
Smith concedes that tight control over the signing process could be a problem.
"I seriously doubt Microsoft wants to look like it's exercising that much control over the Windows software market; this would almost certainly be done through the existing Verisign process. Something that looked like the driver signing process, though, could be different story. That could be a real mess."

@_date: 2000-11-23 02:03:06
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Software to Track E-Mail Raises Privacy Concerns 
NYT Article
By AMY HARMON
 It was during a recent job search that Donald Bell gave in to the temptation to bug his own e-mail. Mr. Bell, 55, had e-mailed dozens of r�sum�s to prospective employers and received scant response. Naturally he wondered: was he being rejected, or had his messages gone unread?
Anyone who has been left hanging knows it is the sort of nagging question that is rarely answered. But thanks to a furtive application of a feature common to the latest e-mail programs, Mr. Bell was able to learn, undetected, that the intended recipients were indeed opening his messages. With a service he found on the Internet, he could even tell precisely when a recipient read his e-mail messages and if the message was sent on to anyone else.
"It feels a little naughty, because you can't do this with postal mail," said Mr. Bell, who has since started his own company in San Francisco and sometimes uses the e-mail service to check whether colleagues forward messages that he considers confidential. "But e-mail is a different animal. You have to just reach into your heart and decide what you're going to do."
Mr. Bell is not alone in taking advantage of new e-mail software that makes certain kinds of monitoring easy and nearly imperceptible. At a time when many Internet users have come to grips with advertisers' tracking their anonymous trail of clicks across the World Wide Web, the frontier of the electronic privacy wars is shifting to the more personal realm of the e-mail "in" box. Marketing companies now regularly keep tabs on which prospective customers open their e-mail solicitations, and at what time of day, arguing that consumers benefit because the information is used to devise more personalized promotions. Individuals who have used e-mail tracking services say they feel entitled to monitor their own correspondence in a medium where it is so easily passed along or ignored.
But privacy advocates contend that such practices open a new window of surveillance on a traditionally private sphere of communications. They compare it to having someone who leaves a message on your answering machine � a telemarketer, say, or your mother � alerted the moment you listen to it. More troubling, they say, is that the same technology can be used to match a recipient's e-mail address with previously anonymous records of the Web sites visited from that person's computer. Connecting the data collected through files known as cookies with an e-mail address, the privacy advocates argue, will be irresistible to marketers seeking to identify the buying habits and personal tastes of individual consumers. The linked databases, they say, could also be consulted by law enforcement agencies, insurance companies, employers and others who would need only an e-mail address to look up a record of an individual's activities on the Web.
"You can buy 50,000 addresses of people who subscribe to The New Yorker," said Richard M. Smith, chief technology officer of the Privacy Foundation. "But you don't know what articles they're reading in it, or what books they've bought or what medical problems they've been researching lately. That's very much a possibility within this technology."
The technology in question is seemingly innocuous: the ability of the latest e-mail programs to send and display images. E-mail senders use the feature, based on the Web's computer language, to create colorful messages known as HTML mail.
But many also use it to embed tiny images that are invisible to the recipients. Marketers call them pixel tags and say they are used to gauge the success of e-mail campaigns. Privacy advocates prefer a more ominous name � Web bugs.
The instant someone opens an e-mail message that contains instructions to display a graphic file, his or her computer automatically fetches the image from a specified location on the Internet. By adding a unique identifying code to those instructions, a sender can record when a particular recipient retrieves the image, and, thus, when the e-mail message is opened.
Subsequent retrieval of the image can tell the sender how often the message is reopened, and sometimes whether it has been forwarded (though not the precise forwarding address). Direct marketers, the most frequent users of the technique, say it is akin to the standard practice among Internet advertisers of tracking which banners Web surfers click on.
"I don't see any privacy issues there because the data is secure and never sold," said William Park, chief executive of Digital Impact, an e- mail marketing company that has designed campaigns for dozens of clients. "From the marketing perspective, if you're not opening that e- mail it might be we're sending it on the wrong day of the week, or the subject line is really boring, or the subject line is really cryptic."
The emergence of HTML mail may well make reading e-mail messages more like visiting a Web site, with all the attendant privacy risks. But for many Internet users, such risks may seem more acceptable on the Web than they do in their "in" box.
Sophisticated Internet users know that when they click on a Web advertisement they are probably exposing themselves to scrutiny, and that it is possible to reject the files that record such behavior.
But few are aware of the tracking capability of HTML mail. And while some e-mail programs, like Microsoft Outlook and Eudora, give users the option of screening images out, others, like America Online 6.0 and Web-based Hotmail do not.
Some recipients of e-mail newsletters say they do not mind if the sender knows when they open a message, particularly if the aim is to alert them to a sale or a new product. But others argue that it violates their right to communicate, or not, without being observed. And particularly in a country where postal mailboxes are protected by federal law, the notion that reading e-mail messages is no longer a private act may prove disconcerting.
"We would shudder if regular letters were implanted with secret signals that alerted their senders when they were opened," said Jeffrey Rosen, author of "The Unwanted Gaze: The Destruction of Privacy in America" (Random House, 2000). "It seems to invade both the privacy of the home and in some sense the privacy of the mind." Still, the practice is becoming more common. About 60 percent of e- mail users have software that can read HTML mail, according to the online research firm Jupiter Media Metrix, a number expected to grow significantly as America Online users install version 6.0, the first update to include the feature, released last month.
As advertising on Web sites proves increasingly ineffective, many companies like Eddie Bauer and Borders are relying more heavily on e-mail solicitations whose value lies in part in the ability to track recipient response. How many subscribers actually open e-mail has also become an important measurement by which e-mail newsletter companies like Lifeminders sell advertising. Companies that send unsolicited bulk e-mail use tracking to increase the value of their address lists by weeding out those who never open their messages.
And individuals can use Postel Services, the Korean company whose service Mr. Bell used to learn the fate of his job applications. Messages routed through its servers have tiny graphic files appended before being sent on. When the recipient opens the message, Postel is alerted and in turn alerts the sender. Soobok Lee, the company's founder, said about 30,000 people had used the service since its introduction in May, in addition to several companies that had purchased licenses to track all of their correspondence. The first 30 messages a month are free, after which Postel charges 2 cents a message. But whatever the utility or etiquette involved in monitoring the opening of a single e-mail message, it is the potential for that act to open a door to far more personal information that some find most unsettling.
The main object of concern is advertising companies like DoubleClick, Engage and 24/7 Media that already track the Web travels of tens of millions of Internet users, anonymously, by way of cookies.
The first time someone visits a site where DoubleClick places advertisements, for instance, the company deposits an identifying code � No. 1234, say � on the visitor's computer. After that, every time the computer with cookie No. 1234 visits one of the several thousand sites that contract with DoubleClick, the company records the visit. DoubleClick and others use the information gleaned from cookies to choose which advertisement from the hundreds of clients they represent is most suited to an individual's tastes. They may know, for instance, that No. 1234 has recently visited sites related to quitting smoking, sport utility vehicles and the Green Party � but they have generally had no way of knowing who No. 1234 is.
The opportunity to identify the person behind the cookie comes when one of the advertising firms sends HTML mail to a consumer on behalf of a client, tagged with a unique identifier to track when it is opened. When the recipient opens such a message, the cookie code is exposed to the sender's server computer, which can compare it with those stored in its own database. At that moment, No. 1234 could be revealed as joe at computer.com.
After drawing scrutiny this year from the Federal Trade Commission, the major advertisers have vowed to refrain from linking personally identifiable information to anonymously collected data without permission from the consumer. But privacy advocates say consumers may consent unwittingly, and they note that voluntary privacy policies are easily modified. Another practice, which involves using e-mail as a kind of Trojan horse to deliver a cookie file, recently prompted the Michigan attorney general's office to warn that it would sue one Web site, Evite, under the state's Consumer Protection Act unless it began to inform consumers.
Party organizers use Evite, a San Francisco-based online invitation service, to send e-mail HTML invitations. In addition to collecting the official R.S.V.P.'s, Evite is able to tell the organizer who opened the mail without responding, and who did not open it. Those who open the invitation receive a cookie from Evite, which would not otherwise be possible unless they visited its Web site.
Privacy advocates speculate that the company could "rent"the cookie and the e-mail address it is associated with to other sites.
Evite's chief executive, Josh Silverman, declined to be interviewed, citing continuing negotiations with the Michigan attorney general. He said in a statement that the cookies Evite delivered were not linked to addresses. But Nick Ragouzis, a technically savvy business consultant in San Francisco who discovered Evite's invisible pixel in an invitation he received recently, said that alone was enough to make him feel his privacy had been invaded.
"I don't really care that they know I opened this particular message," Mr. Ragouzis said. "But they never asked me. And there would be other messages that I would care about. I feel I should be asked."
Mr. Ragouzis said he told the host of the party, Jad Duwaik, to refrain from sending him future Evite invitations and asked that he stop using the company's services altogether. But Mr. Duwaik, who organizes networking events for entrepreneurs, said the information provided by Evite about how many of the invitees open the messge helped him gauge interest in his parties. "It's something I feel uncomfortable with as a consumer," Mr. Duwaik said. "But as an organizer it's just too useful to give up."

@_date: 2000-11-27 09:28:12
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell  
Newby puzzles:
        Did you even bother to read AP? RTFM, dude!

@_date: 2000-10-12 12:10:11
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gov. Bush links Columbine 
Tim May wimps out:
    Spoken like a true simp-wimp. A vote for *either* algore or gwbush
is a direct vote for the New World Order. No ifs, ands, or buts. They are both trilateralists, scumbag bush even went the same Skull&Bones route his father did, his grandfather did, etc. There is no difference,
Nader is right, it's TweedleDum & TweedleDee, Dumb & Dumber.         Vote Nader -- at least he's honest. And don't give us all that
horseshit about Nader=commutarian. Just because he's pro-labor and anti-
megacorp doesn't make him a socialist, or commu-anything.
     You've shown your true colors, Tim -- you're just a simp-wimp under
the skin. Vote for Bush and the NWO, commieboy.

@_date: 2000-10-30 07:30:28
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Parties 
Rush rapped:
    Spoken like a true fascist. What the fuck do you think executive pardon is but just another "checks and balances"? The fact is that it's the criminal
scum in power at the moment who are fucking the constitution with their dirty
little "war on some drugs". Basic 1st Amemdment freedom of religion went right down the drain with the very first drug law. It's religious persecution
pure and simple, nothing more, nothing less. Harry Browne should go further,
if elected he should not only pardon every person ever convicted of a drug or
gun offense, but he should order the immediate arrest of anyone who ever voted for a drug or gun law, and who ever enforced these despicable illegal laws.
    Take your stupid babbling about your phoney politics elsewhere -- it has no
relativity to cypherpunks.

@_date: 2000-09-05 15:25:06
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
Humph, said the camel... indeed!
   Nonsense, says religionmonger. You obviously haven't researched the
pagan world to much depth. Druids, for instance, have a strong, clear
line going way back, as do Wiccans. Because of persecution by the God-damned church, they spent a long time underground, but there's never
been a time when they weren't active and working. *You* understand nothing of it, and never will unless you could somehow convince some
group to initiate you, which is unlikely.   Scriptures and documents, dear one, play no part in earth and goddess centered religions. Shamans, for instance, are called personally by their
spirits, taught by the same, etc., and it's all very much a personalized experience. Experiential religions have no need of scripture -- that's the
bailiwick of the later, false, paternalistic, religions of the dominator
cultures.

@_date: 2000-09-07 16:31:08
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Domestic surveillance: infilatration 
Yes, I always ask myself which 4 cpunks are pigs at
the physical meetings. Hmmm, I guess those that never
missed one ?
Is there a test ?

@_date: 2000-09-07 17:21:26
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: IP protection  
has a new paper on IP protection/detection
for cores.  Table of Contents
VSIA IP Protection DWG 1
Scope 1
Introduction 1
Overview: Security Schemes 2
Deterrents 3
Patents 4
Copyright 4
Trade Secrets 4
Governing Law 4
Protection Mechanisms 5
Encryption 5
Hardware Protection 5
Chemical Protection 5
Detection Schemes 5
Tagging and Tracking 6
Digital Signatures 6
Digital Fingerprinting 6
Digital Watermarking 6
Noise Fingerprinting 7
Silicon Security 7
Programmable SRAM 7
Hard Mask 8
Anti-fuse programmable 8
In the area of electronic design, there are an estimated 100 reverse engineering shops in the US
approximately 70 percent of these are funded by government(s), and many of the techniques developed are
leaked, or even published, to the industry. The American Society for Industrial Secrets estimates that in the
US alone, trade secret theft is in excess of $2 billion per month.

@_date: 2000-09-07 17:27:24
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Domestic surveillance: infilatration 
State police infiltrated protest groups, documents
               show                Search-warrant affidavits reveal an undercover operation
               aimed at activists in Philadelphia for the GOP convention.
               By Linda K. Harris,, Craig R. McCoy and Thomas Ginsberg                INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS                State police undercover agents posing as demonstrators infiltrated activist
               groups planning the protests at the Republican National Convention,
               search-warrant documents made public yesterday showed.
               The undercover operation was detailed in legal documents filed Aug. 1
               by Philadelphia police seeking search warrants for a raid that day on a
               so-called "puppet warehouse" at 4100 Haverford Ave. in West
               Philadelphia. The documents were under a court seal until yesterday.
               About 75 people were arrested in the raid at the warehouse.
               The infiltration was immediately condemned yesterday by the state
               chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union and the city public
               defenders office.
               "Its worse than sleazeball," said Stefan Presser, the ACLUs legal
               director. "This is an outrage."
               Presser and other critics said dissenters needed the right to rally and to
               organize without fear that police were spying on them. They said they
               feared that police undercover officers could cross the line from
               intelligence-gatherers to provocateurs.
               "The legality and propriety of this potentially unconstitutional police
               conduct will certainly be an issue at the time of trial in all of these cases,"
               said Bradley Bridge, a senior lawyer with the defenders office.
               During the convention, Police Commissioner John F. Timoney
               repeatedly denied that police had engaged in infiltration.                "We had not infiltrated any group," he said the day after police raided the
               warehouse that had become one of several gathering spots for
               demonstrators during the convention.
               A spokeswoman for the commissioner said yesterday that he would have
               no comment. Lt. Susan Slawson, commander of the police public-affairs
               unit, said the commissioner could not talk because "its in litigation," a
               reference to a civil suit filed by demonstrators challenging their arrests
               during the protests.
               The use of state police as the undercover operatives took place as the
               city itself was restricted from using its own officers for such infiltration
               under a long-standing mayoral directive. The directive says the police
               may not infiltrate protest groups without the permission of the mayor, the
               managing director, and the police commissioner.                Mayor Street and City Solicitor Kenneth Trujillo declined comment
               yesterday.
               In seeking search warrants, police cited the work of the undercover
               operatives and detailed the intelligence gathered as the convention
               approached. The information is sketched out in affidavits of probable
               cause seeking warrants to search the warehouse, a U-Haul van, another
               van, and a pickup that police deemed suspicious.
               "This investigation is utilizing several Pennsylvania state troopers in an
               undercover capacity that have infiltrated several of the activist groups
               planning to commit numerous illegal direct actions," said one affidavit,
               signed by Detective William Egenlauf of the Philadelphia Police
               Department.
               It says the state police undercover operatives arrived at the warehouse on
               July 27, four days before the convention began.                Once there, the agents assisted "in the construction of props to be used
               during protests," the affidavit says.
               It says agents observed demonstrators building street barriers and "lock
               boxes," devices used by protesters to lock arms together when blocking
               streets. The papers say they overheard discussions that indicated
               protesters planned on "using the puppets . . . as blockades."
               The operatives also reported that "persons indicated they would be
               throwing pies, bottles and cardboard boxes filled with water at the
               police," the affidavits stated.
               Timoney held a news conference after the convention to display items
               seized during the raid, including two massive slingshots and chains
               wrapped in kerosene-soaked rags. Such devices were not used during the
               protests. Police also displayed seized "lock boxes."                Protesters have claimed the facility was nothing more than an art studio
               to fashion the puppets, floats and other props that were a hallmark of the
               demonstrations.
               Demonstrators also said their protests would be nonviolent, with illegal
               actions limited to the blockading of streets. Their lawyers have
               complained that numerous people were arrested in the warehouse
               without any proof they had any connection to illegal items.
               A key subject of controversy has been the raid on the warehouse.
               The request for the search warrants for the warehouse and lengthy
               affidavits detailing police intelligence-gathering was made yesterday, a
               month after Municipal Court President Judge Louis J. Presenza approved
               the searches.
               At the request of the District Attorneys Office, the warrants were sealed
               - barred from public inspection - for a month as soon as they were
               issued. The legal request for the warrants maintained that premature
               "disclosure of this affidavit could endanger the lives" of the undercover
               operatives.
               The affidavits cite sweeping police intelligence-gathering before the
               convention. This included monitoring of unspecified "electronic
               messages" sent among demonstrators, an apparent reference to police
               scrutiny of Web sites and electronic mailing lists.
               The police documents identified what investigators viewed as the key
               protest groups and their goals. Funds for one group "allegedly originate
               with Communist and leftist parties and from sympathetic trade unions" or
               from "the former Soviet-allied World Federation of Trade Unions,"
               according to the affidavits.                The affidavits go on to identify a handful of leaders of the various
               groups. Among those cited by name are John Sellers and Kate Sorensen,
               who were later arrested during demonstrations in Center City. The two
               were held in jail for days in lieu of $1 million bail - a sum critics said was
               extraordinary. In recent interviews after their release from jail, people
               who were inside the warehouse said that they had suspected early on that
               four undercover officers were working among them. Four men - known
               as Tim, Harry, George and Ryan - showed up together at 41st and
               Haverford about a week before the convention, introducing themselves
               as union carpenters from Wilkes-Barre who built stages, several
               demonstrators said.
               They were big, burly men who were older than most of the people
               working in the warehouse. They did not seem particularly political or
               well-informed, according to demonstrators. All four, however, were
               considered hard workers.
               Soliman Lawrence, 20, of Tallahassee, Fla., worked closely with the four
               on a massive satirical float built for a protest march.
               "They gained our trust," Lawrence said. "The fact that we didnt know
               them very well wasnt a big deal.
               "I remember thinking to myself, Why does everyone who looks like that
               have to be a cop? " Lawrence said. "I didnt like that I thought like that."

@_date: 2000-09-08 14:00:28
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: why cops act that way 
Sep 8, 2000 - 09:55 AM             Man Who Scored Too High on Police
            Test Loses Federal Appeal             The Associated Press
            NEW LONDON, Conn. (AP) - A man whose bid to become a
            police officer was rejected after he scored too high on an
            intelligence test has lost an appeal in his federal lawsuit
            against the city.             The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York upheld a
            lower courts decision that the city did not discriminate
            against Robert Jordan because the same standards were
            applied to everyone who took the test.             "This kind of puts an official face on discrimination in America
            against people of a certain class," Jordan said from his
            Waterford home Friday. "I maintain you have no more control
            over your basic intelligence than your eye color or your
            gender or anything else."             He said he does not plan to take any further legal action.             Jordan, a 49-year-old college graduate, took the exam in
            1996 and scored 33 points, the equivalent of an IQ of 125.
            But New London police interviewed only candidates who
            scored 20 to 27, on the theory that those who scored too
            high could get bored with police work and leave soon after
            undergoing costly training.             The average score nationally for police officers is 21 to 22,
            the equivalent of an IQ of 104, or just a little above average.             Jordan alleged his rejection from the police force was
            discrimination. He sued the city, saying his civil rights were
            violated because he was denied equal protection under the
            law.             But the U.S. District Court found that New London had
            "shown a rational basis for the policy." In a ruling dated Aug.
            23, the 2nd Circuit agreed. The court said the policy might
            be unwise but was a rational way to reduce job turnover.             Jordan has worked as a prison guard since he took the test.

@_date: 2000-09-09 09:20:14
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: GA-CAT-CA 
DNA evidence has proven so useful in police work that, the US Department
of Justice is developing a bank of DNA culled from ordinary house cats,
reports the SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER.
No, there isnt a feline delinquency problem spreading across the US. It
turns out that criminals who own cats frequently have cat hair on their
clothes, just like law-abiding cat owners. Some of that cat hair winds
up at crime scenes, and can provide important clues to solving a crime
if it can be traced to an individual cat, and from there to its owner.
The DOJ is asking cat owners to voluntarily send in a sample of Fluffys
genetic material (although why the criminally inclined would do so is a
Cat-based crime fighting has already borne fruit: A man in Canada was
convicted of murdering his ex-wife, based partially on the fact that
hair from his cat, Snowball, was found at the murder scene.  Snowball
was questioned and released.

@_date: 2000-09-11 19:57:09
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: infosec papers from .mil 
"Deliver!" (Word/PDF): A pamphlet on How to Transmit and Transport Your Classified
Materials The Laymans Guide to Security (Word/PDF) Security Related Acronyms and Abbreviations and Basic Security Forms (Word/PDF) STU III Handbook for Industry (Word/PDF) "Survival Handbook": The Basic Security Procedures Necessary for Keeping You Out of
Trouble (Word/PDF). "Take a Security Break" (Word/PDF) "Take Another Security Break" (Word/PDF) "Take a Third Security Break" (Word/PDF) "Terminator VIII": How to Destroy Your Classified Materials (Word/PDF)

@_date: 2000-09-12 11:53:26
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: hawking DNA as unique IDs 
Latest Use for Ones DNA --
               Thwarting Counterfeiters
               Carolyn Said, Chronicle Staff Writer                                                Monday, September 11,
                                               2000                Syd the platypus, Millie the echidna
               and Olly the kookaburra have a secret
               weapon to foil counterfeiting crooks.                The furry mascots of the 2000 Summer
               Olympics in Sydney -- as well as an
               avalanche of caps, T-shirts, mugs, pins
               and other official Olympics
               merchandise -- are being tagged with
               invisible ink containing DNA strands
               from an unidentified Australian athlete.                The goal is to thwart increasingly
               sophisticated forgers trying to get a
               piece of the $389 million market for
               Olympics keepsakes.                High-quality infringements have
               increased during the past couple of
               months leading up to the games, said
               Catherine McGill, legal counsel and
               brand protection manager for the
               Sydney Organizing Committee for the
               Olympic Games. Detail-oriented
               counterfeiters copy the swing tags,
               sewn-in labels and packaging. That is
               where the DNA comes into its own as
               being the absolutely foolproof, sure
               way to determine if something is fake.                Other ways to combat counterfeiting,
               such as holograms, can be duplicated
               by determined bootleggers.                The DNA-laced ink is being applied to
               most of the 3,500 official souvenirs --
               some 50 million individual items. Its
               the largest deployment ever of DNA as
               a security device.                McGill oversees a team of 60
               logocops equipped with special
               scanners that can detect the DNA ink.
               The logocops will roam Sydney and
               other Australian cities,                pouncing on street vendors and retail
               outlets to determine whether their
               merchandise is authentic. Australian
               customs officials have already seized
               more than 120,000 phony Olympics
               souvenirs worth millions of dollars that
               were being sent into the country from
               overseas, largely from Asia, she said.                DNA Technologies of Los Angeles is
               the company behind the initiative,
               which reportedly costs about 5 cents
               per item.                Chris Outwater, president of DNA
               Technologies, said the process
               involves extracting DNA from a blood
               sample, taking a fraction of it, then
               amplifying it and adding a small
               amount to the invisible ink. Some junk
               DNA is also thrown into the mix as a
               red herring, he said.                Theres no way someone could take (a
               sample tag) and reproduce the mark,
               he said. Imagine standing outside the
               New York City Public Library and
               challenging a counterfeiter: Im using
               one sentence from one book inside that
               library you find that sentence. Thats
               how daunting it would be for someone
               to figure out what the code is.                Using DNA, the unique biological
               signature of each human, for such a
               commercial purpose signifies how
               society has come to view DNA as a
               magic potion, said Susan Lindee,
               co-author of The DNA Mystique: The
               Gene as a Cultural Icon, a 1995 book.
               Its the commercialization of the
               genome to the most ridiculous degree,
               she said. Promoters have been
               successful at weaving into popular
               culture the idea that DNA is the
               ultimate arbiter of whats true,
               authentic, real.                She challenged Outwaters assertion
               that a DNA security code would be
               counterfeit-proof. Most people dont
               have that kind of technical expertise,
               but if theyre only using a sequence
               there are plenty of individuals who
               could be hired (to duplicate it), she
               said. If it became truly profitable --
               lets say all designer clothing were
               tagged with DNA -- thered be
               somebody who had a financial stake in
               figuring out how to copy the DNA and
               fake it.                Outwater said some well-known
               designer brands have adopted the
               technology on sewn-in labels, but
               prefer not to publicize it. He hopes to
               extend the technology to such areas as
               pharmaceuticals and cosmetics, and to
               secure documents and financial
               instruments, including passports,
               currency and ID cards.                A reliable, duplication-proof means of
               authenticating goods is sorely needed.
               Counterfeit goods in the United States
               amount to some $200 billion a year.                Fine arts and sports collectibles are
               areas where authentication is crucial.
               Artist Thomas Kinkade incorporates
               some of his own DNA into the
               signatures inked on his artwork.                PSA/DNA Authentication Services of
               Newport Beach (Orange County)
               licenses the DNA Technologies
               product to authenticate sports
               memorabilia and autographs. After
               starting with Mark McGwires
               record-setting 70th home-run ball, it
               next tagged Hank Aarons 715th
               home-run ball and bat, and now
               broadly uses the technology.                Major League Baseball asked us to
               authenticate all the game balls used
               during the World Series, said Jason
               Meyerson, PSA/DNA president. We
               can apply the DNA onto the surface of
               any collectible with a custom-made
               felt-tip pen.                The company will provide
               representatives to stand next to Joe
               Montana as he signs autographs and
               mark each one with the invisible DNA
               ink, Meyerson said. Whats beautiful
               about it is that its permanent,
               nontransferable and invisible.

@_date: 2000-09-12 15:40:58
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Abortion Assasination Politics likely going to Supremes 
So when is APster coming out, which lets
you trade lists of deserving people?
Tuesday September 12 5:11 AM ET
     Abortion Web Site Verdict Appealed
     By WILLIAM McCALL, Associated Press Writer      PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Anti-abortion activists are
     asking a federal appeals court to overturn a $109 million
     verdict by a jury that decided a Web site and posters listing
     the names of abortion doctors and clinics were threats that
     went beyond free speech.
     The case is widely seen as a test of a Supreme Court ruling that defined a threat as
     explicit language likely to cause imminent lawless action - and a measure of how
     far anti-abortion activists can go in harrying doctors and clinics.
     Oral arguments in the appeal are scheduled Tuesday before a panel of the 9th U.S.
     Circuit Court of Appeals.
     At issue is a Web site called The Nuremberg Files that listed hundreds of abortion
     doctors accused of committing crimes against humanity and invited readers to
     send in doctors addresses, license plate numbers and even the names of their
     children.
     Last year, the dozen anti-abortion activists argued the posters and Web site were
     free speech protected under the First Amendment. Critics called it a hit list.
     The jury was told by U.S. District Judge Robert Jones to consider the history of
     violence in the anti-abortion movement, including three doctors killed after their
     names appeared on the lists.
     One was Dr. Barnett Slepian, who was gunned down by a sniper in October 1998 at
     his home near Buffalo, N.Y. Slepians name was crossed out on The Nuremberg
     Files Web site later that day.
     In 1995, Planned Parenthood and four doctors sued the anti-abortion activists under
     federal racketeering statutes and the 1994 Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances
     Act, which makes it illegal to incite violence against abortion doctors and their
     patients.
     Jones told the jury the Wanted-style posters and Web site were not free speech if
     a reasonable person could perceive them as threats.
     But a number of legal experts have criticized the February 1999 jury verdict and
     those instructions, saying a threat must be explicit.
     If youre looking for a case likely to go to the Supreme Court, this is one, said Lee
     Tornquist, a law professor who specializes in the First Amendment at Willamette
     University in Salem, Ore.
     Others consider the jury decision sound.
     Margie Kelly, spokeswoman for the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy in
     New York, said Jones correctly told the jury to weigh any threat in context.
     This is a case that is built on history, Kelly said. You have had years of arson,
     shootings, death threats. How can that context be considered anything but a threat?
     The Georgia computer programmer who ran the Nuremberg Files was not a
     defendant in the lawsuit. After the verdict, his Internet provider pulled the plug on
     the site.
     Among the anti-abortion activists appealing the ruling is Michael Bray of Bowie,
     Md., author of a book that justifies killing doctors to stop abortions. Bray served
     time in federal prison from 1985 to 1989 for his role in arson attacks and bombings
     of seven clinics.

@_date: 2000-09-12 16:45:22
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: USA.net proxy: heh-heh-heh 
Who cares ? Stop whining and use encryption.
Dont waste the bandwidth complaining about each and every sheeple
xploiting event. Being outraged doesnt achieve shit.

@_date: 2000-09-12 20:10:25
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: VISA to smartcard the US 
Sep 12, 2000 - 07:27 PM             Visa USA to Launch Smart Card in
            the U.S.             The Associated Press
            NEW YORK (AP) - After success with its smart card in
            Europe and Japan, Visa is aiming squarely at the U.S.
            market with an upgraded version that contains more
            memory.             Over the next couple of weeks, Visa USA, the
            companys U.S. division, will be launching smart cards
            - microprocessors embedded in plastic -that will offer
            prepackaged services to be determined by its issuers.             Customers will be able to download information from
            their computers via special card readers. Over the next
            year or so, they will be able to store airline tickets, for
            example, and eventually use the cards as keys to their
            cars and homes.             The card, which has 32 kilobytes of memory, is
            different from Visas original version, which has mainly
            served as a "monetary value card," said Al Banisch,
            senior vice president of consumer credit products.             The new card will be available free to Visas 350
            million cardholders.

@_date: 2000-09-13 12:38:31
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: censorship rears its head 
Lieberman: Entertainment Must
            Police Itself or Else             By Kalpana Srinivasan
            Associated Press Writer
            WASHINGTON (AP) - Sen. Joe Lieberman decried a
            "culture of carnage" surrounding Americas young
            people and told a Senate committee Wednesday that
            the government should stop the marketing of violent
            movies, music and video games to children if the
            industry fails to police itself.  Lynne Cheney, former Chairman, National Endowment for the Humanities, is set
to testify before the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and
Transportation on Wednesday. Cheney is planning to take direct aim at Eminem for his "hatred of women"
with depictions that are "degrading and violating". Cheney will also zero in
on the rappers record distibutor, SEAGRAMS, Hill sources reveal. She will
challenge members of SEAGRAMS board.  Snipers Needed.

@_date: 2000-09-13 14:59:16
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: domestic bioterrorism incident in FLA school 
Middle school student arrested in
 poisoning
 Wednesday, 13 September 2000 0:18 (ET)
 Middle school student arrested in poisoning
 Middle school student arrested in poisoning
  JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 12 (UPI) -- A 15-year-old Jacksonville, Fla.,
 boy was arrested Tuesday for allegedly putting rat poison in salsa served at
 his schools cafeteria, resulting in the illness of 34 students, WJXT-TV
 reported.
  The name of the Paxon Middle School student was not released.
  The teenager was charged with poisoning food or water, a first-degree
 felony that carries a maximum penalty of 25 years in prison. A 12-year-old
 student was also questioned but had not been charged. Jacksonville Sheriffs
 Office Sgt. Gordon Bass said authorities have no motive for the crime.
  Investigators said 25 grams of Talon-G, an anti-coagulant, was put in the
 condiment during lunch Tuesday. Fifteen students were taken to hospitals
 complaining of nausea, headache, vomiting and stomach pains, while the
 others were treated at the school.
  Some parents said they cant afford to pay for the hospital treatment
 their children received and they want the school board to cover the cost.

@_date: 2000-09-14 14:08:30
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: film c meltdown imminent 
The authors of FlasKMPEG have come across a program called
 FlasKMPEG DeCSS.
   We want to express very clearly that such program or any other
 derived from the original is no way related with the official
 FlasKMPEG project in any way. FlasKMPEG sources are available
 under the GPL license and its totally out of our responsibility the
 legal implications caused by the modifications or variations from other
 developers performed over our code.

@_date: 2000-09-15 17:07:38
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: University seizes computer for RIAA 
Friday September 15 02:00 PM EDT
             Students PC seized after record
             industry complaint              By Cecily Barnes, CNET News.com
             Campus police confiscated an Oklahoma State University
             students computer after the Recording Industry Association
             of America notified the school that a person on campus was allegedly distributing
             copyrighted material.
                              The 19-year-olds computer system--including monitor,
                              keyboard, two CD burners, scanner and printer--was removed
                              earlier this month from his dorm room after campus police
                              determined he was operating an FTP server site that allowed
                              visitors to download MP3 music files and even several
                              full-length movies.
                              A representative for the RIAA confirmed that a letter was sent
             to university officials notifying them that a student appeared to be distributing
             copyrighted songs. The RIAA, which is embroiled in a high-profile copyright
             infringement case against the popular music-swapping site Napster, constantly
             prowls the Internet for repositories of music files.
             "We send out notices like this constantly," said RIAA spokeswoman Amy Weiss.
             "All were asking for is that the material is taken down. We leave it up to the
             universities to determine what to do or how to enforce this."
             OSU officials refused to disclose the students name or other details about the case.
             "He was advocating other people to download the music and upload music he didnt
             have," said James Alexander, an OSU assistant director. "Hed been advertising in
             chat rooms and we decided to notify the police."
             OSUs decision to confiscate this students computer equipment does not mean that
             all OSU students who trade music files are at risk. Alexander said the school does
             not block access to Napster and monitors the content of student Web sites only when
             objectionable material is brought to its attention.
             The seized computer gear included 105 gigabytes of hard drive space, of which
             about 40GB were made available to visitors. Assuming the average music file
             occupies about 4MB, the student could have had approximately 10,000 songs
             available for download.
             Everett Eaton, public safety director at OSU, said the department obtained a search
             warrant from the Payne County District Court in Oklahoma and seized the students
             computer equipment.
             "Were doing some forensic review of the hard drive and determining what is there,"
             Eaton said. "After we finish that review, we will evaluate the amount of substance
             he was distributing."
             College campuses, which often provide high-speed Internet connections to students,
             have become a focal point in the record industrys effort to eradicate the distribution
             of copyrighted material.
             Several schools, including Indiana University, the University of Southern California
             and Yale University, blocked access to Napster after being named as defendants in a
             lawsuit by rock group Metallica.
             Last week, the attorney representing Metallica and rap star Dr. Dre sent letters to
             other top universities urging them to do the same.

@_date: 2000-09-15 17:14:15
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Eudora gets napsterized 
Friday September 15 04:15 PM EDT
             Eudora 5.0 boasts new sharing
             feature              By Dennis Fisher, eWEEK
             Dont look now, but Eudora is growing up.
             Qualcomm Inc. (Nasdaq:QCOM - news) this week released version 5.0 of the
             popular free e-mail program, and it includes a host of features that cant be found in
             many commercial messaging products.
                              The feature most likely to grab users attention is the Eudora
                              Sharing Protocol, which allows users to share files among
                              small groups of friends and co-workers.
                              Users set up a folder on their hard drives that is designated for
                              file-sharing. The only other step is to enter the e-mail addresses
                              of the other people who are allowed to access the folder. All
                              files in the folder are then automatically saved and updated
                              whenever anyone in the group edits them.

@_date: 2000-09-19 13:36:54
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: RIAA seizures 
Funny, the article doesnt say
how the pirates subverted the
encryption in order to make copies.
Oh, you dont have to.
Listening, Kaplan?
RIAA Behind More "CD-Pirate" Busts 09-18-00
GARLAND, TEXAS, U.S.A., 2000 SEP 18 (NB) -- By Steven Bonisteel, Newsbytes.
The music industry announced what it called more successful raids on businesses alleged to be counterfeiting
music compact discs using personal computers and CD-R technology. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) said today that it pointed authorities in Texas to two
businesses in Garland where CD-R equipment for burning CDs was found along with piles of allegedly
completed counterfeits. The RIAA said searches at both locations were executed Sept. 14. A month ago, the RIAA announced similar
raids on the home of a New York man and at a residence and a business in Phoenix. In those raids, thousands
of apparently copied music CDs were found. This month, the RIAA said, members of the Texas Department of Public Safety, tipped off by the RIAAs
anti-piracy unit in Texas, executed a search warrant at Garland retail store Kode Red and seized three CD-R
towers containing a total of 12 eight-speed CD-R burners 898 allegedly pirated labels and 373 allegedly pirated
CDs. The RIAA said the 12 CD-R burners had the capability to produce up to 720 CD-Rs every eight hours. At that
rate, it said, the value of the output would be some $4 million a year.

@_date: 2000-09-19 13:44:26
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Qualcomm CEO loses laptop 
"contained proprietary
information that could be valuable to foreign governments."
Kinda interesting statement about a
telecoms machine.  Foreign
PC with Corporate Secrets
           Disappears
           Qualcomm Chiefs Laptop Taken from Podium            Sept. 18, 2000                        IRVINE, Calif. (AP) -- The personal portable
                       computer of Qualcomm Inc.s chief executive
                       officer, which apparently contained valuable
                       company secrets, disappeared from a hotel
                       conference room moments after he addressed a
                       national business journalists meeting.                        Irwin Jacobs left the computer unattended on a
                       podium or an adjoining table in the Hyatt
                       Regency-Irvine ballroom on Saturday for 15-20
                       minutes when he stepped down to talk to a small
                       group after addressing about 90 members of the
                       Society of American Business Editors and
                       Writers.            Proprietary information            Jacobs told people at the conference that the IBM laptop, which he
           had used for a slide show-type presentation focusing on Qualcomms
           wireless telecommunications technology, contained proprietary
           information that could be valuable to foreign governments.            Qualcomm is a leader in wireless technology -- a boom market of the
           burgeoning telecommunications revolution -- with $3.9 billion in
           revenues last year. It designs and produces chips for wireless
           communications devices and holds hundreds of patents whose
           royalties provide it with the bulk of its earnings.            SABEWs president Byron Calame, deputy managing editor of The
           Wall Street Journal, expressed sorrow at the event and noted that
           people with access to the area "included registrants, exhibitors and
           guests at our conference, hotel staff and perhaps others."            Very disturbing            "Its very disturbing to him," company spokeswoman Christine
           Trimble said of the 66-year-old Jacobs, Qualcomms chairman and
           founder. Jacobs, whose company is based in nearby San Diego, had
           driven to the conference with his wife and without any security.            Trimble would not discuss details of the apparent theft except to
           confirm that the laptop was used by Jacobs for "business purposes."
           Company officials would not say whether Jacobs had contacted the
           FBI.            "The FBI was never called that were aware of," said Irvine police
           desk officer Sgt. Tim Smith. "We took it as a straight laptop theft,
           which is pretty typical for a hotel."            However, several attendees at the SABEW conference said they
           noticed three unattended laptops shortly after the theft as they
           passed through an adjoining exhibitors room.            "It doesnt seem (Jacobs laptop) would be the obvious choice if the
           individual was looking for an easy target," noted Shawn Abbott, chief
           technical officer of computer security company Rainbow
           Technologies.            Just 30 feet away            Jacobs and about a half-dozen journalists were no further than 30
           feet from his laptop when it disappeared. More than 100 reporters
           and editors from across the nation attended SABEWs 4th annual
           technology conference, a two-day event that ended Sunday.            Trimble said the laptop, valued at about $4,000, was password
           protected and the data was backed up on a computer at Qualcomms
           San Diego headquarters. However, password-protected computers
           running Windows operating systems, as Jacobs was, can be easily
           be broken into.            The level of security on Jacobs laptop could not be determined.            Qualcomm is the worlds leading developer of a technology known as
           CDMA, which seems to have won the global battle to become the
           standard technology for making high-speed Internet access available
           on wireless devices.            Wireless technologies            Those so-called third-generation wireless technologies are expected
           to connect the Internet to handhelds and other devices in the next
           few years -- initially in the Far East and Europe. Those markets are
           considered to have a potential value in the tens of billions of dollars,
           as everything from cars to airplanes are equipped with broadband
           wireless connections.            If security on Jacobs laptop was limited only to password protection
           _ rather than a more advanced encryption scheme -- "its extremely
           unlikely that it will take any more than removing the hard drive and
           hooking it up to another computer to read all the files," Abbott said.

@_date: 2000-09-20 10:15:10
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CueCat tells tales... 
"Anyone who used DCs CueCat software has had their information stolen
from the DC servers! This comes from an e-mail being sent in by zillions
of people warning them (and also apologizing by giving a $10 gift

@_date: 2000-09-20 13:24:15
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: pc image-doctoring 
University Inserts Black Student
            Among Whites in Photo             The Associated Press
            MADISON, Wis. (AP) - Hoping to illustrate its diverse
            enrollment, the University of Wisconsin at Madison says it
            doctored a photo on a brochure cover by inserting a black
            student in a crowd of white football fans.             "We did it in this one instance, and it really was an error in
            judgment," University publications director Al Friedman said
            Tuesday.

@_date: 2000-09-20 14:43:57
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
You're probably one of those people who think that A. Melon, Nomen Nescio,
An Metet, Secret Squirrel, etc., are actually individuals' personas.
Are you subscribed to toad.com? A *lot* of legitimate posts are dropped by that server.
I see at least 10 anonymous posts a day.

@_date: 2000-09-25 16:05:21
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: censorship $ 
Friday September 22 05:15 PM EDT
       COPA panel wants billions more for
       cops        By Ben Charny, ZDNet News
       Also on the wish list: government-backed porn-filter testing,
       education programs and immunity for porn sites that follow
       the rules.
       Spending billions more dollars for law enforcement and creating a porn-filter testing
       group lead the list of likely recommendations to Congress from a
       government-appointed commission charged with making the Web child-safe.
       Members of the commission created by the Childrens Online Privacy Act (COPA) are also
       expected to recommend that porn Web sites following industry-imposed guidelines be
       immune from criminal prosecution if a child gets access to smut.
                       The COPA commission met this week in Washington, D.C., to begin
                       writing its long-awaited report to Congress. It will meet once more in
                       October to vote on the report before presenting it to lawmakers.
                       Commission member Robert Flores, vice president of the National
                       Law Center For Children and Families, said a visit to GetNetWise.org
                       helped convince him that an independent body to review Web
                       filtering software is necessary.
                       "If you go to (that site), youll see a large number of technologies that
                       are available. Some make a number of claims," he said. "But, how do
                       you distinguish advertising claims vs. documented claims?"
       More review
       Filters are being reviewed, but by private groups such as Peacefire, which is a
       self-proclaimed advocate of Internet free speech. Child advocate Enough is Enough in Santa
       Ana, Calif., tried to create its own review boards, but it proved too expensive.
       "It has been something weve wanted to do for years," said Enough is Enough Chief
       Operating Officer Monique Nelson, who testified before the commission two months ago in
       San Jose, Calif.
       While a dollar figure has not been set, the commission is expected to ask Congress to
       dedicate billions of dollars more to law enforcement.
       Flores said billions are needed just so some law enforcement agencies can catch up to the
       Web stalkers, which some surveys suggest send unsolicited messages to 20 percent of all
       kids online.
       He estimated that the current annual budget for federal cybercrime is less than $200 million.
       It would take a yearly infusion of $1 billion to $1.5 billion for the next four or five years
       "just to get us moving," he said.
       Incentives sought
       One of the other recommendations gaining consensus is to provide incentives, such as
       immunity from criminal prosecution, for porn sites following industry standards on
       child-proofing.
       "If you try your best and do everything you can, then you should be immune from
       prosecution," Flores said.
       Commission Chairman Donald Telage, of Network Solutions Inc., said the commission is
       also likely to recommend an intensive education program, for parents, about the dangers
       lurking on the Internet.
       The COPA commission isnt just getting a report ready for Congress. It is fighting for its
       very future.
       Congress created the commission, but failed to fund it. The commission sometimes opens up
       meetings with pleas for donations. Many of the commissioners are funding their own trips
       across the country to different hearings.
       And then there is the infighting between commissioners themselves, making the fact that
       they agree upon any issues something of a new thing for the group.
       "Consensus, this group?" said Nancy Willard, director of Responsible Netizen, a program
       administered by the Center for Advanced Technology in Education.

@_date: 2000-09-26 15:40:33
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: police IR searches to Supremes 
Supreme Court to hear thermal peeking case
 Tuesday, 26 September 2000 13:36 (ET)
 Supreme Court to hear thermal peeking case
 By MICHAEL KIRKLAND
  WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UPI) - The Supreme Court is getting ready to wrestle
 with the competing values of police technology and privacy in a case that
 could affect the scrutiny under which Americans live their lives.
  In a short order Tuesday, the justices said they will hear argument on
 whether law enforcement use of a "thermal imager"  to detect heat sources
 inside a home violates the Constitutions ban on unreasonable searches,
 especially when the surveillance is conducted without a warrant.
  A final decision in the case could also determine how much "passive"
 intrusion is constitutional in a number of other applications as police
 deploy ever more sophisticated devices in the 21st century.
  The Fourth Amendment guarantees the "right of the people to be secure in
 their persons, houses, papers and effects" and bans "unreasonable searches
 and seizures."
  Though the court did not say when it would hear the case, argument
 probably will occur in January.
  The case accepted by the justices involves an Oregon man arrested in 1992
 for growing marijuana in his house. Having a marijuana plantation inside a
 building usually involves "grow lights" that give off considerable heat.
  Federal officers were led to the home of Danny Lee Kyllo in Florence,
 Ore., because his divorced wife had been arrested by state law enforcement
 on drug charges. Kyllo and his former wife occupied two of the homes in a
 triplex building.
  As part of the investigation, an agent from the U.S. Bureau of Land
 Management asked an Oregon National Guard staff sergeant to take a thermal
 reading of Kyllos dwelling.
  While seated in a parked car on a public street, the sergeant used an
 AGEMA Thermovision 210 thermal imaging device to scan the triplex. The
 imager detects heat escaping from a house. Court records say he staff
 sergeant determined that Kyllos building was giving off a lot more heat
 than neighboring buildings.
  Using the information provided by the staff sergeant, the federal agent
 persuaded a U.S. magistrate to issue a search warrant for Kyllos home. A
 subsequent search discovered an indoor marijuana growing operation, firearms
 and drug paraphernalia, again according to court records.
  Kyllo was indicted on one count of growing marijuana, and entered a
 "conditional" guilty plea in U.S. District Court. Under an agreement with
 the prosecution, the plea would stand only if an appeals court failed to
 suppress the evidence from the thermal imager.
  Though the case went up and down the appeals court ladder twice, the
 appeals court eventually decided to let the evidence stand, saying that
 Kyllo had failed to establish that he had a reasonable "expectation of
 privacy" for the heat emissions from his home.
  The defendant "made no attempt to conceal these emissions, demonstrating a
 lack of concern with the heat emitted and a lack of subjective privacy
 expectation in the heat," the appeals court said.
  Kyllo then asked the Supreme Court for review.
  The case "raises the fundamental question of whether the Fourth
 Amendments guarantee of personal security in ones home must yield to
 scientific advances that render our traditional barriers of privacy
 obsolete," Kyllos court-appointed attorney told the Supreme Court in a
 petition, "or whether there is a core of privacy that police technology may
 not pierce without a warrant despite its capability of doing so."

@_date: 2000-09-26 16:19:47
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: NSA family day 
National Security Agency Offers Veiled Tour of Top-Secret Operations                                                    From Reuters
                                                        FORT MEADE, Md.--The super-secret National Security Agency, which
                                                   eavesdrops on communication worldwide as part of U.S. spying operations,
                                                   opened its doors Saturday to offer outsiders a rare glimpse of facilities that test
                                                   antennas and print nuclear code books.                                                         About 16,500 employees and their families were expected at the first "family
                                                   day" since 1996 held at NSA headquarters, about 25 miles outside Washington, as
                                                   the spy agency makes a greater effort to inform Americans about its mission.                                                         "American people need an image of this agency so its identity is not a
                                                   vacuum," NSA Director Lt. Gen. Michael Hayden told reporters.                                                         There was the "anechoic chamber," which looked like a science-fiction movie
                                                   set, with blue foam spikes of different sizes poking out of the floor, walls and
                                                   ceiling of the 42-foot-high room.                                                         It is echo-free and one of five rooms at NSA for testing antennas used to
                                                   collect information. The antenna revolves on a high pedestal at one end, while
                                                   information is transmitted from the other end of the room.                                                         The Air Force has a similar room big enough to test an entire airplane, an NSA
                                                   official said.                                                         "Each cone is sized to absorb a different frequency," said the official, who
                                                   spoke on condition of anonymity.                                                         Areas opened to visitors were sanitized to ensure no classified material was
                                                   lying around.                                                         A 66,000-square-foot printing plant produces code books--160 million pages a
                                                   year--used in U.S. military operations.                                                         Nuclear code books for use in the event the United States orders a nuclear
                                                   strike are produced about four times a month, compared with nearly every day
                                                   during the 1991 Persian Gulf War.                                                         The book is in a sealed plastic pouch that has a unique pattern of pink
                                                   splotches and is puffy because of air inside.                                                         If there is any change in the package, such as the amount of air inside or the
                                                   design of the splotches, which is videotaped before being sent out, the codes are
                                                   considered compromised.                                                         "Well go back and see if the splatter diagram is the same. Weve got a video
                                                   of the package," said Dan Shirko, chief of publishing.                                                         The nuclear code books are in the hands of nearly 1,000 people, mostly
                                                   military officers, such as pilots and sailors on submarines and battleships.                                                         Also displayed was security equipment that identifies a user by the iris, face,
                                                   fingerprint and voice. NSA produced the equipment with private industry partners.
                                                        Once the computer recognizes the user by one of those methods, it allows
                                                   access.                                                         "The face system actually distinguishes between twins," said Dave Murley,
                                                   technical director of identification and authentication research.                                                         The iris recognition, which scans the front of the eyeball, was the most
                                                   accurate of the four methods and voice recognition the least accurate, he said.                                                         Reminders of the need for security were all around. In the cafeteria, one sign
                                                   read, "Dont spill the beans pardner, the steaks are too high. No classified talk."

@_date: 2000-09-26 16:45:24
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Karma: Max Vision FBI snitch busted 
Monday September 25 9:03 PM ET
                       Ex-FBI Computer Informant Pleads
                       Guilty to Hacking                        SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A man who officials said once
                       was a confidential FBI (news - web sites) source on computer
                       criminals has pleaded guilty to breaking into government
                       computers, the U.S. Attorneys office said on Monday.
                       In a plea agreement, Max Ray Butler, 27, also known as Max
                       Vision, admitted to one felony charge of unauthorized access to
                       protected computers, recklessly causing damage. Butler, who is
                       free on bail, will be sentenced Jan. 22 and faces a maximum
                       penalty of five years in prison and a fine of $250,000.
                       Butler was indicted by a federal grand jury in March and
                       charged with 15 counts of breaking into and damaging hundreds
                       of computers as well as possessing with intent to defraud the
                       passwords of 477 customers of California Internet service
                       provider Aimnet.

@_date: 2000-09-26 20:05:21
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: free speech children michigan law 
Michigans Anti-Cussing Law
                           Called Into Question
                           Critics Challenge Statutes Constitutionality                            Sept. 26, 2000                            By Richard Zitrin                            PONTIAC, Mich. (APBnews.com) -- A
                           cussing construction worker may not be
                           charged with violating the states
                           controversial anti-swearing law because
                           of questions about the laws
                           constitutionality, a county prosecutor said
                           today.                            Oakland County Prosecuting Attorney
                           David Gorcyca is awaiting a sheriffs
                           report before deciding what charge, if
                           any, to file against the construction
                           worker who allegedly swore at and made
                           a sexually suggestive gesture to a woman
                           at a gas station on Sept. 14.                            The woman asked the man, who
                           apparently was upset that a piece of
                           construction equipment had broken down on the road in front of the
                           gas station, to stop swearing because there was a woman with a
                           small child in a car at one of the gas pumps, sheriffs Capt. Mike
                           McCabe said.                            103-year-old law                            The construction worker allegedly swore at the woman and told her
                           he could do whatever he wanted to do because this is America, he
                           said. The man then grabbed his crotch and made a sexually
                           suggestive gesture, McCabe said.                            The woman called the sheriffs department, which is expected to
                           present its report to the prosecutor Wednesday.                            Gorcyca said prosecutors are waiting to review the sheriffs report to
                           decide what they may charge the man with, although they likely will
                           not charge him with using indecent language while the state Court of
                           Appeals is considering a challenge to the laws constitutionality.                            Michigans 103-year-old anti-cussing law has drawn national
                           attention because of the case of the cussing canoeist, Timothy
                           Boomer, who was convicted last year of swearing in front of children
                           after he fell out of a boat in Arenac County.                            Boomer was fined $75 and ordered to work four days in a child-care
                           program, but he has appealed the conviction on free speech
                           grounds and the case is before the state Court of Appeals.                            Uncertainty over statute                            The uncertainty over the anti-cussing laws future means Oakland
                           County prosecutors instead may charge the construction worker with
                           disorderly conduct, Gorcyca said.                            "The Court of Appeals might determine that the statute runs afoul of
                           the Constitution and they might overturn the statute and set aside
                           his conviction," Gorcyca told APBnews.com today. "So were kind of
                           on tenuous grounds, even if we wanted to pursue that charge."                            McCabe said Boomers case is not similar to that of the allegedly
                           cussing construction worker.                            "Its a little different than the cussing canoeist, who didnt know
                           anybody was nearby," he said. "This guy did what he did cognizant
                           of his surroundings."                            Law carries 90-day jail term                            A 20-year-old man in Clare County in central Michigan also is
                           challenging the anti-cussing law.                            Steven Clevenger was accused of using indecent language in
                           February after he was fired as assistant girls volleyball coach at a
                           high school, Clare County Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Jamie
                           Raymond said.                            Clevengers trial has been put on hold while the canoeists case is
                           before the Court of Appeals. Both men are represented by William
                           Street of Saginaw, Raymond said.                            Neither Street nor officials of the Michigan American Civil Liberties
                           Union could be reached for comment today.                            Raymond said indecent language, which is punishable by up to 90
                           days in jail and a $100 fine, often is filed in Clare and surrounding
                           counties.                            "Many people have been charged and convicted," she said. "Its not
                           as common as drunk-driving cases, but its used from time to time in
                           our county...Usually, people plead guilty, get a fine, thats it. But this
                           is the first time to the best of my knowledge that the laws been
                           challenged as unconstitutional."

@_date: 2000-09-26 20:27:25
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: IITRI  
IITRI maintains a staff of over
                                          1,200 professional and
                                          support personnel at sites
                                          throughout the U.S.                                           Headquartered in Chicago,
                                          Illinois, major IITRI locations
                                          include: Annapolis, Maryland,
                                          Washington, D.C., Rome, New York, and Huntsville, Alabama
So theyre a fucking part of the machine...
As Schiller said, whores.
"If you have a reputation like MIT, youre concerned about sullying it by prostituting yourself by doing such work," said Jeffrey Schiller, a security expert and network manager at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Only slightly surprised that Denning wasnt involved..

@_date: 2000-09-27 11:29:53
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: intox 
Alas, the only way the US will face its
military addiction is when some soldiers
are dragged in their underwear.  Taking out infrastructure will just strengthen the monster at home and
abroad.  Not that you can blame them.

@_date: 2000-09-28 15:18:24
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: visor phone vs. starium?  
from the clueless dept:
Why would I want a PDA-phone hybrid?
                       Why do I have the uneasy feeling the newly announced
                       Motorola/Palm product, due in 2002, may end up combining
                       everything Palm knows about cell phones with everything Motorola knows about personal
                       organizers?
                                       Is it that none of the current devices even comes close to being useful
                                       for most people who already own a cell phone and a PDA? Dont
                                       take my word for it: Check out the MobilePlanet and iGO catalogs,
                                       where the latest wireless wonders are all on display. Sure, theyre
                                       cool, but are they useful?
                                       And how about those new devices that are supposed to turn Palms
                                       and Visors into cell phones? Give me a break -- Im supposed to talk
                                       into something that looks like that? How useful can the combination
                                       really be? Cool? Yes. Practical? Hardly. And $299 seems a bit steep.
                                       Is this really necessary?
The real issue will be power consumption vs. mips for
crypto.  And user interfaces.

@_date: 2000-09-28 15:24:55
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: digsig frenzy follies 
The label "digital signature" for
nonrefutable cryptostrong sigs is going down in flames. A DTMF
pulse counts as a signature Oct 2. Tuesday September 26 09:15 PM EDT
                       E-signatures for 30 million laptops                        By Ben Charny, ZDNet News
                       Touchpad maker Synaptics Inc. will bundle digital signature
                       software with its newest products and make updates
                       available to existing users.
                       Touchpad maker Synaptics Inc. has announced a deal that could create electronic
                       signatures for more than a third of the laptops on the planet.
                       The company said Tuesday it will begin to bundle its touchpads, which are used on roughly
                       40 percent of the worlds laptops, with digital signature software from Silanis Technology
                       Inc. of Montreal.
                                       Owners of an estimated 30 million laptops that use Synaptics
                                       touchpads can also download a free version of the Silanis ApproveIt
                                       software from either the Silanis or Synaptics Web sites.
                                       The deal is one of the first of several product announcements
                                       expected prior to Oct. 1, when the Electronic Signatures in Global and
                                       National Commerce Act takes effect. The new federal law makes
                                       electronic signatures legally binding.
                                       Jupiter Communications senior analyst James Van Dyke said the deal
                                       answers a piece of the electronic signature problem, including
                                       distribution.
                       Van Dyke said a bigger problem is the current lack of standards for electronic signature
                       makers.
                       "Its a good move for Synaptics, it will only cost a little and it puts them in a good position,"
                       he said. "But, we are going to be in standards hell for a while. You can feel the flames."
                       Shipping in 2001
                       The first e-signature enabled touchpads will be shipped to Synaptic users such as Apple
                       Compaq, Dell, Gateway and Hewlett Packard sometime next year, said Synaptics
                       spokewoman Mariel Van Tatenhove.
                       The software embeds a signature token into a document. Inside the token are the guts of a
                       digital signature, including a time stamp and the public and private keys. It also will include a
                       digitized version of a users handwritten signature. The signature will appear on the
                       document.
                       The software to be bundled on Synaptics touchpads is a stripped down version of
                       ApproveIt, which normally allows from multiple signatures on the same document. But the
                       bundled software will only allow for a single signature on Microsoft Word and Excel
                       documents.
                       The software available on the websites is called OnSign, which Synaptics introduced in July.
                       It works for Word documents. It too only lets one signature per document.
                       The OnSign software has been downloaded more than 65,000 times since its introduction
                       July 5, said Silanis spokesman Mary Ellen Power.
                       By years end, she expects more than 100,000 downloads. The site is averaging a download
                       every two minutes, she said.

@_date: 2000-09-28 16:15:41
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: no fedbucks means freedom 
"Because the school accepts no government aid and prohibits its students from doing the same, it
has the right to discriminate on the basis of religion."
from a story about a college for home-schoolers.
Re: why govt subsidized arenas
have to be neutral wrt who you kiss, a
recent thread here.
Along those lines, two more recent refs: one where
a govt school cuts off the Scouts,
another where a county doesnt and
gets sued.
 District Ends Boy Scout Affiliation                        NEW YORK (AP) - A Manhattan school board has banned its
                       42 schools from sponsoring Boy Scout troops because the
                       90-year-old national organization excludes gays.
                       The board of Community School District Two passed the
                       resolution at a meeting Tuesday night, becoming the first district
                       in the city to enact such a ban.
Scouts Lease on Base Extended                                                      ACLU, gays claim rent-free access to Newport Beach site is a government
                                                   subsidy for a discriminatory group.                                                    By DAVID REYES, Times Staff Writer
                                                        Over objections from the gay and lesbian community and the threat of an
                                                   ACLU lawsuit, Orange County supervisors Tuesday unanimously approved a
                                                   30-year extension of the Boy Scouts lease on a Newport Beach sea base under
                                                   county authority.                                                         "This is good news for everybody in Orange County," said David Janes, a sea
                                                   base volunteer and retired Navy rear admiral, after the boards vote.                                                         About 35 Scouts, their parents and Scout leaders attended the meeting in a
                                                   show of support for the rent-free extension of the base lease, beginning in 2006.
                                                   The Scouts have operated the base for 63 years and recently raised $4.5 million to
                                                   renovate the popular facility.                                                         Opponents of the lease renewal argued that the county should not "subsidize" a
                                                   group that discriminates against people because of sexual orientation.                                                         "It is clear that the Boy Scouts do not have the right to receive any
                                                   government subsidies, sponsorship or special privileges, such as sweetheart deals
                                                   on rent of government lands and buildings," said Martha Matthews, an attorney
                                                   for the American Civil Liberties Union.                                                         The ACLU recently sued San Diego in federal court over a lease of public
                                                   parkland to the Scouts for $1 a year.                                                         In response to a question Tuesday by Supervisor Todd Spitzer about whether
                                                   the ACLU intends to sue Orange County, Matthews said, "Its likely that we
                                                   would." Another great quote: The only thing different is you dont have to dumb down the vocabulary when youre teaching
home-schooled kids, said Farris, a Republican nominee for lieutenant governor in 1993 and
founder of the Home School Legal Defense Association.

@_date: 2000-09-28 18:37:24
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: Re: IR TEMPESTING 
IR-blinding laser diodes with 10s of mW outputs are readily available.
And deciwatt CO2 is feasible, and makes the point better.
But really folks, they made national forests for a reason.
A Clandestine Math Lab

@_date: 2000-09-29 18:28:38
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: CDR: On remaining silent. 
I've just been doing a bit of research on admissibility of pre- and
post-arrest silence of an accused in the US.  In light of RIP, I dug
through some info on the UK's Miranda equivalent:
In the UK, Home Office guidelines for police formerly called for a warning
upon arrest, "You do not have to say anything unless you wish to do so,
but what you say may be given in evidence."
In 1994, the prescribed warning was amended to read, "You do not have to
say anything. But if you do not mention now something which you later use
in your defense, the court may decide that your failure to mention it now
strengthens the case against you. A record will be made of anything you
say, and it may be given in evidence if you are brought to trial."
(See Milbank, "Britain Undermines the Right of a Suspect to Remain
Silent," WSJ, August 19, 1994, p. B8)

@_date: 2001-04-06 16:53:15
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Please disappear, government 
It is a serious delusion that government is there because it is
necessary for something you need.
Goverment is not there by your choice or some required service for
the common good. Not everything they teach in school is true.
Government is simply a consequence of the will for power. The fuckers
will fuck the fucked, in the name of this and that, whatever makes it
easier to take. Now just relax that sphincter ... it's for the kids ...

@_date: 2001-04-12 17:10:23
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: http://www.opion.com 
Does anyone know anything about this company's technology?
I wasn't too surprised to see David Brin listed as an advisor.

@_date: 2001-08-07 20:50:46
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Remailer Phases 
Bad. See the papers done on threats of traffic analysis/spam attacks against remailers.
Impossible, and unnecessary. Don't assume any remops are trustworthy.
This is the only goal that makes sense.

@_date: 2001-08-09 11:18:56
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Secret Warrants 
What is needed, seriously needed right now, is some good, open source
surveillance dectection software. Something that would find key-logger
software or hardware, something that would check your phone line thru
your modem, maybe even could be used as a frequency analyzer with a
usb or serial port "antenna" connection for laptops.     I'm sure this would be a really good commercial hit.  Especially if the price could be kept under $500.

@_date: 2001-08-16 17:03:10
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter Vol. 1 No. 1 
Amusing, Aimee -- or is it "Amusing Aimee"? But the real discussion
was about protected speech, was it not? You previously posted a piece on
"842" as if that were an actual statute forbidding the "teaching" of info
on explosives and bombs. Where is that law, actually?
    This case is about someone selling pipe bombs, something totally
different in the first place -- but protected activity under the 2nd,
nonetheless. And yes, we are aware that undercover LEO's often act as
agent provocateur. So what's your point? We also know, from the Judy
Barri case that LEO's (FBI in this case) even teach bomb making them
selves, and, quite possibly, even plant bombs in the cars of citizens
they have under surveillance, even try to kill them. So what's your

@_date: 2001-08-22 00:13:34
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Arresting Henry Kissinger 
Please acquaint yourself with the crimes under discussion.  "The Trial
of Henry Kissinger" is one source.  There are many others.
Kissinger was hardly a flunky.  As chair of the "40 Committee" from
1969-1976 Kissinger personally oversaw all U.S. covert actions.  He
had tremendous power in the Nixon and Ford administrations.  ("Do not
follow the President's orders without clearing them through me.")
And, since when is being a flunky an excuse?  We're all supposed to
follow the laws.  It's basic to our system of government that the
executive branch and its employees are not above the law.
The U.S. hanged a number of people at the end of World War II as "war
criminals" who had less relative responsibility than Henry Kissinger.
The U.S. supports international tribunals now.  Therefore, under the
stated beliefs of the U.S. government Kissinger should be subject to
these sorts of proceedings.
Concerns about international tribunals are valid.  If you reject them
for all leaders you may be making sense.  But, it sounds as if you
reject them only for Kissinger.

@_date: 2001-08-24 12:40:45
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Not black helicopters, but dark green ones ( Off Topic 
Mike wrote --
   No shit! I was in a canoe once on a very backwoods lake, nobody else
within miles -- a fucking F16 came over so low he spun my canoe around
almost swamped it.    Another time, in another state, a helicopter came into my yard so
low he went _around_ my house, not over it, did a power turn in the front
yard, and came back around the side of the house again. He was extremely
lucky, the only gun I could grab that quick was a .22 pistol. I put 6
rounds into his canopy. He was so close I could see his face clearly.
If I'd had my .44 mag, he'd of been one dead asshole.    I got a bit nervous afterwards, was wondering if the cops would show up, but then realized there was no way in hell he could report it, he would have lost his pilot's license for that cowboy
bullshit. They are required by law to stay 500' minimum above private property.

@_date: 2001-08-25 19:08:23
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
Why Faustine, you sound jealous!  I'm flattered you hold my views in
such high regard.
I like Tim's posts for several reasons.  They are to the point and
often cut through nonsense.  They usually have new facts or a new way
to look at something which makes sense, but which I didn't think of
already.  And some times they are just entertaining.
Most importantly, they don't waste my time.
I'm not too delighted with the "I have friends who want to kill all
Jews" type of remarks, but beggars can't be choosers.
People carp about Tim, but I'd like to see anybody try to do one Tim
May quality post every day for two weeks.

@_date: 2001-08-26 21:09:12
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: nodes 
I'm a little bemused by the fact that there has been literally no comment on the closing of the cyberpass.net
node of the list, and none before that on the disappearing
without even so much as a notice by the admin of openpgp.net.
   Doesn't this seem at all odd to anyone else? Lance also
shutdown the remailer function at anonymizer -- is he leaving
the cypherpunk world altogether? Anyone know what happened to
Geiger?

@_date: 2001-08-30 15:33:27
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: The Tim May Question 
I'm not sure if Reese was replying to one of my messages, but this
obsession less productive posters have with Tim is peculiar.
Looked at as an engineering problem, one tends to look at the
underperforming components.  Let's say you are running a steel mill,
and the average uptime of your blast furnaces is 10%.  One is 95%.
Nobody would spend their time trying to get the last 5% out of the
best furnace.  Anybody would look at it and figure out how to get the
other furnaces performing.
So, some other force is at work.  One candidate is the usual tedious
resentment that some people feel towards people they see as smarter,
more knowledgeable, and more creative than themselves.  This sort of
behavior is deeply repugnant to me, much more so than occasional
political incorrectness.
Another candidate is that certain people see Tim as somehow their
leader (or something), therefore making him accountable in some way.
Given that Tim is not anybody's leader and doesn't seem to want to be,
this is less repugnant than it is ridiculous.

@_date: 2001-12-12 12:00:10
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: [Remops] And when he returns in February? (fwd) 
Why are you propagating this nonsense? You're turning into the new Choate,
the new Hettinga, the new troll zoo-keeper. People interested in remailers
are already on those lists, and I guarantee you that they aren't
interested in that drama. It isn't anything new. If you've been around
more than a few weeks on alt.security.anon-server, you know about it. The
only "unfolding" is that it has finally bleed over onto the remops list --
and now, thanks to you, the cypherpunks list.

@_date: 2001-12-17 13:07:58
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Remailers knowing about other remailers 
What about remixing? There are other reasons for remailers to know about each other.

@_date: 2001-12-17 14:46:14
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
Incredible.  Abso-fucking-lutely incredible.  After telling us all about
the poor little child pornographer, Larry Benedict, and how the mean
old police are out to get him, Declan finally lets the other shoe drop
in part 5 of this 5-part series.
Benedict pled guilty.
He pled guilty, agreeing to a plea bargain calling for 37 months in
This "innocent" man agreed to spend 3 years in prison for something he
didn't do.  He agreed to brand himself for life as a child pornographer,
setting himself up for 3 years of hell in prison where child pornographers
are the lowest of the low.  All this when supposedly all he really did was
trade some computer games.
One commentator points out the obvious absurdity of this claim:
   "I think most people, if they were trading computer games and then
   arrested and charged with very serious felonies involving child
   pornography -- I don't think most people would wait several years
   and plead guilty (if) in fact they had done nothing wrong."
Wouldn't it have been relevant to let us know this essential fact about
the case back when the series began?  Wouldn't it have colored our
understanding and perception of Benedict's claims, given us perspective
to judge the truth of what he is saying?  Or is this Declan trying to
copy radio's Paul Harvey: "And now you know... the rest of the story!"
Surprise endings have no place in serious reporting.  Saving the punchline
for the end is only appropriate for a joke.  Sadly, there's no better
word to describe this pitiful attempt at journalism.

@_date: 2001-12-21 10:30:05
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
It's largely a myth that the set of users of remailers is anonymous.
Remailer operators collectively know them all; individual operators know
a substantial percentage of them if people vary the remailers they use;
anyone surveilling the remailer network knows them all.  Hiding one's
membership in the set of remailer users cannot be a high priority.
And there's no need for remailer users to be anonymous, either.  Anyone
should be proud to be counted as a member of that group.  It's no more
incriminating than being a subscriber to the cypherpunks mailing list
or any of dozens of similar lists.  No doubt thousands of people would
put their names on the list even if they have no intention of ever
using remailers.
Part of the problem has been focus on adding features to mixmaster
rather than improving security and reliability.  Transparent remixing
(where the remailer chooses part of the path for you), support for
the old insecure cypherpunk mode, automated flood detection, all add
administrative complexity for questionable benefit.  With a good high
speed connection, floods and such are much less of an issue.  Things like
remixing should be done by the clients; it was a mistake to put this
into the remailer software.
Absolutely.  For all those people saying, what can I do to support
remailers, here's an easy answer: use them.  Get a client, figure out how
it works, and send an anonymous message or two.  It doesn't hurt.  Much.
You may even find it liberating.  Challenge the orthodoxy and start
thinking for yourself.
You skipped step 0, which is to inform people of what it is like to run
a remailer.  It doesn't do anyone any good for remailers to pop up and
immediately shut down when the complaints come in.  Here's a good litmus
test: if you wouldn't be able to spam at reasonably high volumes from
your address without getting shut down, you probably shouldn't be
trying to run a remailer (unless in middleman mode).
A good idea.  See the recent proposal for a P2P style always-connected
remailer network which will bypass sendmail and all the other RFC2822
cruft.  Plugable transports would be a great way to accomplish this.
Eric Hughes had a cool idea a while back: encourage CP technologies
by allowing them to bypass built-in mailing list latency.  Create a
CP node which forwards PGP-signed and remailed messages with higher
priority than others.  Signing up for this node is a way of showing
support for freedom enhancing technology.
Maybe Tim May could donate his Y2K beans and rice as a prize, since he's
never been willing to use his millions to subsidize bonuses of this type.
Keep in mind that our perception of remailers is at odds with that of
the world at large.  Fellow travellers like the EFF can't afford to be
that closely tied to a technology which most people view as an obnoxious
nuisance at best and a terrorist tool at worst.
Absolutely.  Simplicity and reliability have been overlooked as goals
for the remailer network.  You shouldn't start adding new features until
the old ones (like successfully remailing messages without dropping
them) work.
Nevertheless there is a political over-reaction to commercial spam, and it
can be a major source of complaints about the remailer.  Per-link hashcash
would be a better deterrant than black lists, which ultimately depend
on entry remailers to do a favor for exit remailers.
Split out the client, including web-based clients, from the server.
They have different needs.  If you want to promote good, reliable
servers there is no need to also make them be web clients.
The Freedom network had the right idea here: pipenet access to an ordinary
POP mailbox.  If remailers are joined in an always-connected P2P network
it could be used as a specialized pipenet for just this purpose.  No ZKS
anti-abuse nym protocols necessary since exit points would be restricted
to the special POP mailboxes.
other work first, before they could really benefit from the effort >
required to create an ecash system from scratch, deploy it, scale it,
system isn't worthwhile for its own sake, though :)
Non-monetary ecash does have one advantage over hashcash for proof of
work postage: it is transferable.  With hashcash, once it's spent,
it's gone and can't be reused.  With ecash (purchased by hashcash)
the payee gets to keep it and can spend it himself in the future.
In other words, remailer operators would build up riches in ecash.  Now,
all it's good for is sending anonymous messages, so they're not going
to retire on it.  But still this can fund pingers run (or paid for)
by the remops themselves.
And there could eventually be a secondary market in remailer ecash.
Remailer users would seek it as an alternative to hashcash if it were
easier to get.  They might be willing to perform services in exchange
for remailer ecash payment.  This could produce some backing for the
currency and it might come to be traded even among people who had no
desire to use remailers.  (Services might be, e.g. ripping a requested
copy protected CD via an analog connection, or digitizing a TV show
unavailable to the requestor.)

@_date: 2001-12-23 16:30:29
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: A poll for remailer operators 
Good question.  Maybe another way to get at it would be, how many distinct
email addresses send a message to the remailer over the course of a month?
Presumably no more than about 20 or 30 of these are remailers and pingers.
If there are only 40 distinct email addresses, then we remailer users
are in trouble.  If there are 100000, we are in good shape.  Probably
the answer is something in between, but it sure would be good to know.

@_date: 2001-01-04 19:06:01
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: No subject 
r ead th an F ortune b egan repo rtedly s hed
Le vins bl essed No-Nam e communic ate th e Pe acefire cg i-bin Standar d
============================== =======================================
lat est bo ttom Th ursday sai d inves tors Tu esday's cite d spe nding Whi le wage s 770517 0 s upplier Or ange wh ile t he Ora nge: shutt ing 24677 699 B illion n ews Tra ffic new sletters Eas t ============================== =======================================
o ther Downloa d object-orien ted Whe n Pla ins subsc ription onli ne Ba rnako mainta ined duri ng en ough i ncluding a nd pa id C hristmas 8D7 CE30A24D3 h tml n ews fro m War ner revo lutionary ht tp:// Onl ine d ocs
Fe d ht ml guterm an Me dia ============================== =======================================
Associ ates ht tp:// sai d  surpr ise n ytimes
Edgewat er r eports 797345 type Sm artPortfolio w orked d eep slammin g  MAGAZI NE c ancel:  lin ks Wesolows ki Director y M icrosoft's Brinkle y hea vy  st ory bu rial A ntitrust cn et t o neti nsights w on't st udents ht tp:// Ju no story =n D avid ============================== =======================================
mo re Stan dard treatme nt Mercur y 829190 ml co m Swept_of f_their_feet numb er netw ork L ook Micros oft adver tisement
Th ere's P ost wi ll e ven th e Pa ul
Wor th Sput nik7 me rcurycenter 2 00 m edia t hestandard

@_date: 2001-01-26 10:20:08
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury 
mmotyka said:
    Well, what would you expect, really? Jeff Gordon and all the others
of his ilk are just a bunch of low-life, degenerate morons or they would
not be working at the jobs they do. There isn't anything of the slightest
redeeming value in *anything* they do -- their role in life is to create
as many victims as possible, destroy as many lives as possible, make as many decent people as miserable as possible, while they suck away at the
public tit, and generally burn up as many resources as possible.
    I was really disappointed that those 7 guys from Texas got caught
so easily -- it really would have been nice if they could have wasted
a politician or two or three, or at the very least greased a few more
cops.

@_date: 2001-07-01 07:59:45
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Prying Eyes 
Looks like we need to build some small radio-controlled blimps
with paint spray guns to blind these suckers.

@_date: 2001-07-02 21:19:01
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Prying Eyes 
Paint ball guns are too big and noticeable. Anyone
have any ideas on a high powered squirt gun in a small concealable package -- like maybe CO2 powered from the same little powerlets they use for paint
ball, feeding a tank in a fanny pack, up a flex tube
in your sleeve to a nozzle in your hand.    Shooting a fine stream allows easy aim correction, and you could even use the thing inside buildings more
easily. Make it all plastic if possible, so to evade
metal dectors.    Could also fill tank with DMSO and nicotene and have a deadly weapon. Or just a knockout weapon.

@_date: 2001-07-03 20:49:45
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Prying Eyes 
About what I thought --- there was talk on the cpunks list about using
paintball guns to blind cameras such as those down in Tampa being used by the cops to scan everybody
looking for people with outstanding warrants, but I'd think it would be difficult. Also it was
suggested to use RC blimps with spray guns, a much better idea, I'd think. Also not so noticeable as
pulling out a paint gun in public and blazing away, which might get you arrested. Or shot. A blimp could
be easily controlled w/o anyone knowing who. It might even be made to just look like a bunch of
mulitcolored ballons that escaped, complete with dangling strings.

@_date: 2001-07-05 11:54:55
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
Well, this is not exactly on topic to any ongoing thread, but its
something I'd like to get a few opinions on.  It seems that while
science is moving ahead at a such a rate that I'm constantly amazed to
see science fiction becoming science fact, at the same time we're seeing
more political(?)-fiction(nightmares?) becoming fact as well in the form
of government censorship and persecution.  As I'm not exactly excited
about the prospect of being shot or winding up in jail indefinitely for
'political crimes', it seems the best options are to simply leave the
country altogether or forget about the personal freedoms granted by the So my question is: where to go?  I certainly don't want to leave behind
all the neat toys in the US like widespread broadband internet access,
massive bookstores, high paying tech jobs, etc.  Is there any country
that has the same technological benefits as the US without the
government steadily encroaching into every sector of life?  How does one
'drop out' of the US and keep all the good things one has become
accustomed to?
"The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government
to gain ground."	- Thomas Jefferson

@_date: 2001-07-05 16:27:06
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Eli Lilly makes Prozac patients email addresses public. 
Hundreds of patients had signed up at a Lilly Web site for an automated e-mail reminding them to take their dose of the antidepressant. Lilly spokesman Jeff Newton said a message sent June 27 announcing the end of the service mistakenly included the e-mail addresses of all the subscribers in the message header.

@_date: 2001-07-09 06:32:06
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
>the protection afforded by Black Blocs is quite thin (just indict them under
  >organized crime or gang laws),
      That's irrelevant -- the fedz, and even state courts, are already giving
the heaviest sentences to protesters of anytime in our history. And you obviousely have never taken part
in any street actions. They've got a good idea -- one of the tactics used by cops for quite awhile is
to have undercover agents in the crowd who spot the *real* troublemakers, leaders, etc. and then
often an "affinity squad" will target that individual. By making it very difficult to
differentiate any individuals, that whole cop tactic becomes useless.        The other part of the bloc is that by staying together in a tight group,
they can grab arrestees from the cops more easily. We used to have groups of two or three who worked
together this way, more is better.

@_date: 2001-07-10 13:04:00
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Meatspace 
Faustine FUDed:
    Bitch, you really are a pig, aren't you? Oh, don't protest, don't
be an activist, that's much too dangerous, you don't stand a chance
they'll get you, blah, blah, blah. Just a little Tokyo Rose for the cyberage.

@_date: 2001-07-10 13:07:32
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: No subject 
I've some friends who have, for a long time, complained about
being surveilled, specifically phone tapped and/or house bugged.
At first I thought it was just paranoia, but recent events have made me think otherwise. i
   One thing that happens almost invariably is that when groups
meet at their home, the phone will ring, they answer and just hear a click and the phone goes dead. Also quite often the phone
company appears and works on the nearest phone box on the street.
   So I was thinking an infinity transmitter was installed on
their phone -- but putting in a new phone should get rid of
that, and also, from what I know from years ago, installing an
infinity transmitter requires a black bag job on the house.    Or does it? Are there any new developments in this area that
don't require internal access or work despite buying a new phone?
I'm not talking about just wire taps, although that too is likely,
but of devices to listen in the house.
   We borrowed a frequency meter, and went around the house with
it, but are unsure how to use it effectively. It doesn't have a
signal strength meter, so I'm thinking that if a bug is broad-
casting the meter should just stick on that frequency?
   Any other clues on how to deal with this, other than hiring
a professional? These people aren't drug dealers, don't have
a lot of money.

@_date: 2001-07-11 08:29:02
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: freq meter vs. spectrum analyzer for sweeping 
bob said:
  Umm, all the stuff being sold for counter surveillance are frequency
counters of one sort or another.     Infinity transmitter? I guess you don't know much about bugs
if you don't know that -- try a web search on the term.

@_date: 2001-07-11 11:51:37
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: freq meter vs. spectrum analyzer for sweeping 
Thanks a lot -- that's a great help. And no, we weren't looking for rf
from the infinity tranmitter, I knew they run on the phone line, but we were
looking for other bugs.
     And I'm also aware of the great number of telemarketer autodialers (used
to have one myself with a hardwired voice mailbox but didn't use it for telemarketing), but it was the timing of these cals that aroused our
suspicions. That and the really frequent phone company truck.     Good to know about the possible out of the building, we'll have to
start checking that out.

@_date: 2001-07-12 11:30:12
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation (GPS convicts) 
Bear saith:
     Which brings this to mind again. This and the Where to go
thread. So where and what are the disenfranchised to go and do? I'm a middle aged IT professional, recently downsized from a very good job. I also have a felony conviction for selling pot
back in the 60's -- big deal, eh? Well it is now -- I've been turned down for three jobs because they did a background check.
I no longer even bother to apply if they mention background
or drug checks -- which rules out one hell of a lot of places
these days and it's on the increase. I never had a background
check before this for any job. What does that have to do
with my ability to write code?     I'm seriously considering taking up robbing banks -- what the
hell, my health isn't too good, I have no insurance, can't get
a job -- and fuck no, I won't work at Hardees. Why should I?
What does my record have to do with my productivity -- my work
record is excellent. I've also thought a lot about suicide, but
figure if I'm going that far, I might as well give bank robbery
a try -- I can always blow my brains out if I get caught.    I had a lot of time to think about this, and I'm not finding
many answers -- and like Bear and others have said, the future
looks pretty bleak.
   Another thing that set me off on this rant was May's comments
about "black hoes" etc. I guess I've come to understand quite well
what it means to be black. Fuck it -- why not welfare if you can, why not sell drugs or rob? If the other option is working at a fast
food place? Fuck that and fuck anybody who thinks you should.

@_date: 2001-07-12 19:55:36
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: General Ashcroft makes his move 
Those 3 things you mentioned violate the First on at least two counts,
free speech and press, and also the "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof" part --- the obscenity and kid porn
stuff is pure Judeo-Christian bigotry. Whose to say other religions wouldn't teach the opposite? Like the
worship of Ishtar (Easter) for instance, whose scriptures have Her saying "My father taught me the kissing
of the phallus". Or read "Coming of Age in Somoa" by Margret Mead.   #
  #    Where is that boundary condition in the amendment? Saying "felons
  #    may not own firearms" is certainly an infringment. Rights don't
  #    come from the state after all (see 1st two para's of the DoI).
  #
  #    Amendment II
  #
  #    A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of
  #    a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms,
  #    shall not be infringed.
  Gee, how pure and simple.
  What is your position on the First Amendment and:
      o "obscenity"
      o child pornography
      o generated non-child child pornography

@_date: 2001-07-24 18:21:05
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: problem no. 1 
Subcommander Bob pontificated:
Subcommander Bob,
You might get promoted to full commander if you'd learn to attribute quotes
properly.  The quote you attributed to me was excerpted from a newsletter
written by Joe Burns, Ph.D.   If you'd like to relate your wisdom to him,
his contact information can be found at:   .
My view is that BS like Burns is proposing precipitates the things he's
whining about.

@_date: 2001-06-08 11:54:02
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: From CNN: Rwandan nuns guilty of war crimes 
BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Two Rwandan nuns found guilty of war crimes during the 1994 genocide are awaiting sentencing.
The defendants are scheduled to be sentenced in court on Friday. They face a maximum of life imprisonment. In a landmark trial in Belgium, a 12-member-jury found the two Catholic nuns, a university professor and a former government minister, guilty early on Friday of helping Hutu militia massacre thousands of Tutsi refugees. The trial, which lasted almost eight weeks, was the first in which a jury of ordinary citizens had sat in judgment of war crimes committed in another country. A 1993 Belgian law gives Belgian courts jurisdiction over violations of the Geneva Convention on war crimes, no matter where they were committed.

@_date: 2001-06-09 08:10:02
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Subject:  Re: Ed Felten and researchers sue RIAA, DOJ over right to   publish 
Check out "F*ck the Creationists" by MC Hawking:  You can lay the funky shit on them creationists.

@_date: 2001-06-10 07:56:08
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: creationists vs. reality 
Because it's kind of hard to keep focused on the front sight when you're
laughing at a rap song explaining thermodynamics sung by Stephen Hawking.

@_date: 2001-06-21 13:20:47
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Car rental company tracks customer 
In a case that could help set the bar for the amount of privacy drivers of rental cars can expect, a Connecticut man is suing a local rental company, Acme Rent-a-Car, after it used GPS (Global Positioning System) technology to track him and then fined him $450 for speeding three times.

@_date: 2001-06-22 11:40:14
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Audio one-time pad smart-card? 
Hold the ComDot card, a new product from Tel Aviv-based ComSense Technologies Ltd., up to your computer's microphone and squeeze the slight bump in its center. Otherwise indistinguishable from a garden-variety credit card, it emits a high-pitched series of noises similar to that of a fax machine or dial-up modem. Because it communicates via sound, the ComDot doesn't require a specialized card reader like other "smart" cards -- only a computer with a sound card and a microphone. It is even designed to work over the telephone. The card transmits an encrypted identifying code via high-frequency sound waves -- a long screech, followed by a lower-pitched warble. The computer then verifies the ID with the ComSense servers; the user enters a PIN (personal identification number) for added security, and the log-in is complete. The ComDot itself consists of a three-year battery, computer processor, two speakers and a small amount of memory. It never emits the exact same tone twice, so even if someone trying to gain unauthorized access to patient files were to record the sound and replay it, they would not succeed. Not only could the ComDot sit inside a fraud-proof, ultra-secure credit or ATM card, but the technology could also be used to validate online commerce transactions. Instead of merely requiring consumers to type in their credit card number, they would squeeze their ComDots, and perhaps enter a PIN.

@_date: 2001-03-01 05:38:02
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: NIEGPINI.EXE infected with Win-CIH virus! 
The attachment NIEGPINI.EXE from Sender: owner-cypherpunks at EINSTEIN.ssz.com (didn't someone just say SSZ is open relay?) is infected with the Win-CIH virus (hope you had anti-virus software).
Win-CIH is particularly nasty in that you don't have to run an infected .EXE to catch it. Browsing a folder in windows explorer will look inside the infected .EXE for an icon to display, which is enough to start the viral code. Full Outlook (no experience with Express) calls up such icons (barf!)
List members should be aware of this new attack on the CDR. The infected program is also in both archives. Do they want to know or have they abdicated responsibility for the contents of the archives?
Anonymous Whistleblower.
[Forwarded message]

@_date: 2001-03-04 06:38:15
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Mixmaster ate my messages!! 
What's up with the mixmaster list from publius.net?
Why are half the remailers down, have the dead remailers been compromised?
I'm down to using just five remailers if I want to get my message thru!
Is there a better list?
Can I make my own lists?
This is the list of reliable mixmasters.
Last update: Wed 28 Feb 101 6:16:54 PST
mixmaster           history  latency  uptime
austria        **-**+**+***    12:05 100.00%	<--
dizum          **-*********    13:35  99.99%	<--
randseed       **-+++++++--    38:33  99.98%	<--
shinn          **-*********    13:55  99.98%	<--
squirrel       ----------++  1:34:39  99.94%	
noisebox       ++-+*++*++++    24:59  99.93%	<--
farout         -----------   8:17:25  99.84%	
riot           -----------   5:40:34  99.34%	
cmeclax        -...-.-...-  21:54:53  99.29%	
lcs            +--+++--++    1:03:18  99.03%	
passthru       _.-+---- --   3:02:10  98.64%	
cracker         ------. - +  2:13:16  97.89%	
bruble2           _        158:04:25  47.34%
septic                      10:06:11   0.00%
xganon                       2:31:21   0.00%
bilgates                     1:31:07   0.00%
arick                        1:19:12   0.00%
mix                         17:45:02   0.00%
hyper2                       3:22:56   0.00%
orange                       1:41:01   0.00%
stealth                        32:31   0.00%
cracow                      65:12:15   0.00%
rot13                       40:19:05   0.00%
History key
# response in less than 5 minutes.
* response in less than 1 hour.
+ response in less than 4 hours.
- response in less than 24 hours.
. response in less than 2 days.
_ response in more than 2 days.

@_date: 2001-03-09 06:53:47
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: arrgh 
Why was Jon Malkovich never charged with 'Threatening the life of a serving POTUS' for his role in In The Line Of Fire?  Clint Eastwood _specifically_ told him in response to a telephone threat that "[Y]ou could go to jail for saying that, even if you don't really mean it".
I thought there wasn't an exception for fantasy/fiction.  Malkovich isn't somehow 'connected' is he?
Cecil B. Demented, esq.
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls: it's probably just a process server."

@_date: 2001-03-09 11:31:44
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 683 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-03-11 06:55:32
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Can I reproduce out of print books? 
Does anyone know the law regarding duplication of out of print
books/other works?
E.g. Stephen King withdrew his book 'Rage' (support your neighborhood
second-hand bookstore) about a schoolkid who holds his class hostage at gunpoint, shortly after the Littleton shootings.  King _does not_ want this book to be available to the public until the mess blows over.
If I distributed this book in electronic format for free, I would not
be costing him a single penny.  Would I still be violating the DCMA
and which other laws would I violate?  Also, what if I claimed that books like King's were in some way
responsible for the current spate of shootings?  Would I be able to
reproduce the book (so my quotes can be judged in the context of a whole work) in order to campaign against it?  Or can he legally suppress his own works?

@_date: 2001-11-03 00:00:19
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Life imitates bad S/F 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^                               ^^^^^^^^^^
Eureka!!!  In the Dune Trilogy, the leader of the Desert Warrior People was a foreign prince in exile fighting to free his adopted land from the clutches of an Evil Empire.  He took the name Usul (the base of the pillar) as his secret name within the tribe.
After driving out the invaders, he took his army out on Jihad to conquer the rest of the universe.
The book's supposed to be based on the exploits of Lawrence of Arabia, with many Arabic nouns and verbs, but The Great Game fits the mold just as well.
Closer to home:
     CMDR. BEN SISKO of DS9:     "Starfleet Command seems to be a little jumpy since the Dominion      attack on HQ.  I guess they're accustomed to sitting behind their      desks, not hiding under them.  I hope they don't make any rash      decisions..."
Any inferences are strictly in the eye of the beholder...
On a lighter note:
Andrea Roth, telepath Talia Winters of Babylon 5 fame, is to become an anchor for CNN. (or has already, I don't keep track of these things)
The PsiCorps getting into bed with CNN?  Where's the outrage?
When they catch Bin Laden do you think they will show off his book collection next to his gun collection, like they do with 'lone gunmen' and 'dangerous militia terrorists'?  I wonder how many copies of Catcher in the Rye he owns?

@_date: 2001-11-06 13:46:39
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: [CNN] FBI: Threat against Western bridges 'not credible' 
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The information that prompted a warning that terrorists might target a major Western bridge has been determined to be "not credible," two federal law enforcement officials tell CNN, and the FBI Tuesday is preparing to say no threat exists. "There just wasn't anything to it," said one official. A second official agreed, and says local law enforcement agencies are about to be notified of that conclusion. Snort. What are the chances that the National Guard remains on patrol at the bridges "in the interest of safety"?

@_date: 2001-10-23 00:44:16
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
Turns up a lot of info on the various substances that have been tried as "truth drugs."
The first hit is about MDMA:
I seem to recall that MDA (very similar to MDMA) was in fact used in US
Army studies of truth drugs.
The most likely to have some measure of sucess would probably be MDMA.  However, no chemical is likely to be found that forces a subject to tell
the truth. The most successful "truth drugs" all generally work on the
same idea: if you can make your subject more relaxed, at ease, and eager
to talk, you'll be able to extract more information from him and possibly
extrapolate the truth from that.
MDMA would have a greater degree of success in cases where the subject subconsciously wanted to talk anyway.

@_date: 2001-10-29 12:29:03
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Singing The War Prayer 
Tell that to 40,000 Japanese-Americans, Fed.
If what I saw in the papers this morning is called a surgical strike, who do I sue for malpractice?
The War Prayer
by Mark Twain
It was a time of great and exalting excitement. The country was up in arms, the war was on, in every breast burned the holy fire of patriotism; the drums were beating, the bands playing, the toy pistols popping, the bunched firecrackers hissing and spluttering; on every hand and far down the receding and fading spread of roofs and balconies a fluttering wilderness of flags flashed in the sun; daily the young volunteers marched down the wide avenue gay and fine in their new uniforms, the proud fathers and mothers and sisters and sweethearts cheering them with voices choked with happy emotion as they swung by; nightly the packed mass meetings listened, panting, to patriot oratory which stirred the deepest deeps of their hearts, and which they interrupted at briefest intervals with cyclones of applause, the tears running down their cheeks the while; in the churches the pastors preached devotion to flag and country, and invoked the God of Battles beseeching His aid in our good cause in outpourings of fervid eloquence which moved every listener. It was indeed a glad and gracious time, and the half dozen rash spirits that ventured to disapprove of the war and cast a doubt upon its righteousness straightway got such a stern and angry warning that for their personal safety's sake they quickly shrank out of sight and offended no more in that way. Sunday morning came -- next day the battalions would leave for the front; the church was filled; the volunteers were there, their young faces alight with martial dreams -- visions of the stern advance, the gathering momentum, the rushing charge, the flashing sabers, the flight of the foe, the tumult, the enveloping smoke, the fierce pursuit, the surrender! Then home from the war, bronzed heroes, welcomed, adored, submerged in golden seas of glory! With the volunteers sat their dear ones, proud, happy, and envied by the neighbors and friends who had no sons and brothers to send forth to the field of honor, there to win for the flag, or, failing, die the noblest of noble deaths. The service proceeded; a war chapter from the Old Testament was read; the first prayer was said; it was followed by an organ burst that shook the building, and with one impulse the house rose, with glowing eyes and beating hearts, and poured out that tremendous invocation     *God the all-terrible! Thou who ordainest! Thunder thy clarion and lightning     thy sword!* Then came the "long" prayer. None could remember the like of it for passionate pleading and moving and beautiful language. The burden of its supplication was, that an ever-merciful and benignant Father of us all would watch over our noble young soldiers, and aid, comfort, and encourage them in their patriotic work; bless them, shield them in the day of battle and the hour of peril, bear them in His mighty hand, make them strong and confident, invincible in the bloody onset; help them to crush the foe, grant to them and to their flag and country imperishable honor and glory -- An aged stranger entered and moved with slow and noiseless step up the main aisle, his eyes fixed upon the minister, his long body clothed in a robe that reached to his feet, his head bare, his white hair descending in a frothy cataract to his shoulders, his seamy face unnaturally pale, pale even to ghastliness. With all eyes following him and wondering, he made his silent way; without pausing, he ascended to the preacher's side and stood there waiting. With shut lids the preacher, unconscious of his presence, continued with his moving prayer, and at last finished it with the words, uttered in fervent appeal, "Bless our arms, grant us the victory, O Lord our God, Father and Protector of our land and flag!" The stranger touched his arm, motioned him to step aside -- which the startled minister did -- and took his place. During some moments he surveyed the spellbound audience with solemn eyes, in which burned an uncanny light; then in a deep voice he said: "I come from the Throne -- bearing a message from Almighty God!" The words smote the house with a shock; if the stranger perceived it he gave no attention. "He has heard the prayer of His servant your shepherd, and will grant it if such shall be your desire after I, His messenger, shall have explained to you its import -- that is to say, its full import. For it is like unto many of the prayers of men, in that it asks for more than he who utters it is aware of -- except he pause and think. "God's servant and yours has prayed his prayer. Has he paused and taken thought? Is it one prayer? No, it is two -- one uttered, the other not. Both have reached the ear of Him Who heareth all supplications, the spoken and the unspoken. Ponder this -- keep it in mind. If you would beseech a blessing upon yourself, beware! lest without intent you invoke a curse upon a neighbor at the same time. If you pray for the blessing of rain upon your crop which needs it, by that act you are possibly praying for a curse upon some neighbor's crop which may not need rain and can be injured by it. "You have heard your servant's prayer -- the uttered part of it. I am commissioned of God to put into words the other part of it -- that part which the pastor -- and also you in your hearts -- fervently prayed silently. And ignorantly and unthinkingly? God grant that it was so! You heard these words: 'Grant us the victory, O Lord our God!' That is sufficient. the *whole* of the uttered prayer is compact into those pregnant words. Elaborations were not necessary. When you have prayed for victory you have prayed for many unmentioned results which follow victory--*must* follow it, cannot help but follow it. Upon the listening spirit of God fell also the unspoken part of the prayer. He commandeth me to put it into words. Listen! "O Lord our Father, our young patriots, idols of our hearts, go forth to battle

@_date: 2001-09-03 21:57:09
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Gnutella remailers 
Remailers are trickier than other P2P applications because of the problem
of sending the mail out.  If one of the P2P users gets "volunteered"
to be the outgoing portal for some harrasing mail, he won't be running
the client for long.
However if the recipients are restricted to users of the P2P network then
this is not a problem.  An anonymous email application just for P2P users
would be interesting.  It could be part of a continuum of applications
like anonymous chat with varying degrees of real-time delivery.
KNet, knet.sourceforge.net, is a new project on P2P anonymous chat.
If that works, then email could be done by adding some kind of queueing
feature which would hold messages for delivery until the recipient
connects to the P2P network.  There wouldn't be many problems with
complaints about abuse because everyone would be volunteering to receive
anonymous mail/chat by virtue of using the network.
Probably the biggest complaint people would have is untraceable spam.
It's already a nuisance with other chat systems.  If the anonymous comm
system has per-user traffic limits or some other way of handling spam
then it could be a good basis for no holds barred discussions and data

@_date: 2001-09-04 17:47:33
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
What makes you think remailers are such a threat that the federal
government would attempt to license them?  How exactly will they help
criminals and terrorists in the time frame of the next five years?
They're not being used for much today, other than annoying people.
It doesn't seem like criminals use them.  What's the killer app (so
to speak)?

@_date: 2001-09-04 19:26:15
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
It would be nice to see at least one example of something nasty that
could be done with an anonymous remailer in the next few years where
you couldn't get the same effect at the corner phone booth or dropping a
letter in a public mailbox.  So far there have been no prohibitions on
sending information anonymously via those mechanisms.  Why would email
be singled out?

@_date: 2001-09-04 23:32:32
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
Get real.  There's no way these are going to be serious problems in five
years.  For one thing, they all depend on an established anonymous cash
infrastructure for payoff off the crooks, buying the intelligence, etc.
There's very little chance that such a system will come into existence
soon (look at all the progress in the last five years), and even if it
did, any problems with criminal use will be blamed on the cash system,
not the email delivery.
Two way anonymous communications have been around for years.  Dead drops
are a commonly used technique, likewise public postings in classified
ads and similar places.  It's nothing new and there have been no laws
to ban this capability.

@_date: 2001-09-05 09:40:58
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
John Young takes a courageous stand:
Absolutely appropriate, given cypherpunk goals.  It may be difficult
to apply in every case but the intention is laudable.
Here is an example of the principle put into practice, from the
anonymous web proxy service at : If you are accessing this proxy from a *.mil or *.gov address
: it will not work. As a taxpaying United States Citizen[TM],
: Business Owner, and Desert Storm Veteran, I do not want my : tax dollars being used by agencies I pay for to gawk(1) : at WWW pages and hide your origination point at my expense.
: Now, get back to work!

@_date: 2001-09-05 18:06:29
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
You're absolutely right, no law could stop you from being a re-commenter.
However, you would be liable for everything you said.  This would mean
that you pay the penalty for any illegal message, any obscenity, any
violation of copyright.
In short being a re-commenter buys you absolutely nothing.  Any message
so innocuous that it could be delivered by a re-commenter (like this one,
for example) does not really need anonymity.

@_date: 2001-09-07 14:01:24
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Eric Hughes 
Does anyone know Eric Hughes' current email address? the ricocet one is, of course, non-functional now.

@_date: 2002-08-11 12:51:05
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: On the outright laughability of internet "democracy" 
Based on your inability or unwillingness to address the issues identified specifically, that is pretty good course of action on your part.
I would think you might be interested in going deeper, as "Blind signatures for untraceable payments" is directly applicable to both digital settlement and digital voting. See  for an interesting little article of introduction about the topic. And there are many others more current and deep.
Those issues, remaining unaddressed by you, include:
"The "sold vote" boogeyman".
You need to submit evidence that "anonymous" "internet" voting is more likely to be fraudulent than paper, voter-present by mail voting. You have submitted none, and the "cryptography" word is insufficient to scare me off.
The "bogus digital voter registration" boogeyman.
You may also wish to show how digital voter registration cards would be more likely to be bogus than "Motor Voter, no-id required" registration cards. Good luck.
The "crypto" boogeyman.
I challenge you to show that current, published crypto voting protocols cannot accomplish the 1. one digital sig, one vote, the first one, and the others are discarded
2. no dig signature, no vote
3. no dig voter registration, no dig sig
4. anonymity, i.e., no connectibility between the voter's choice and his identity.
5. auditability, i.e., connection between each voting "lever throw" and a dig sig for the current Next, the "internet" boogeyman.
It's just a pipe/wire/whatever. Bits. Don't be afraid. If the bits are properly signed, no problem and whether "internet" bits or voter-machine-punched-paper-tape-bits is irrelevant."
They are not strengthened or weakened by the mail server applied to their transmission, by the way.

@_date: 2002-01-10 19:51:29
@_author: A. Melon 
@_subject: Killfiling??? naw thats too easy!! 
Why should I killfile fools like mattd and others?? its MORE FUN to
use  procmail and villification to accomplish what I wish to...
eventually the interlopers leave and the list gets back to
business in spite of agent gordon and his ilk. whats a matter?
Agent Gordon, CJ and bell are easy targets for threatening the shrub
 and mattd is NOT??? why dont you go supress his free speech rights also?
So much for your tax dollars at work...
        tentacle  of the hairs of medusa
ps.Medusa's sucess list
whos next!! :)
john young?
only the shadow knows!!

@_date: 2002-07-10 13:30:15
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
It's so difficult for the layperson to find affordable replacements for
those older machines, unfortunately.
I was running X11 on a 386DX40 with 5MB of RAM for quite a while.  It
was slower than a dog with no legs.  Eventually I had some SIMMs go bad,
and they were too expensive to replace, so I ended up investing in a
newer computer instead.
Mr Anonymous

@_date: 2002-07-31 08:06:10
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: A Q&A exchange between me and Eugene Volokh 
To put this in a broader and an historical perspective, let me point out that the government of the United States moved from the eloquent ideals and words of the Declaration of Independence, to a law that declared that any treasonable activity, including the publication of "any false, scandalous and malicious writing," was a high misdemeanor, punishable by fine and imprisonment, in just 22 years and 10 days.
By virtue of this legislation, twenty-five men, most of them editors of Republican newspapers, were arrested and their newspapers forced to shut down.(The Sedition Act, 1798, Section 2,  ). As the newspapers were shuttered, the 1st amendment was only 6 and a half years old.
I would submit for your consideration that governments of whatever stripe tenaciously and constantly move to expand the span and scope of their control, either with support of seemingly innocuous "stepping stone" laws, or by blatant disregard of law, precedent, or whatever else impedes that expansion. The most favorite tactic of those governments pretending western-style democracy is to implement secret, draconian controls and chilling surveillance to "protect the children" or "wage war on terrorism" or other real and imagined violent threats, over-hyped. The government uses the same pitch that comes from organized crime: "You want protection (security), you have to give up some money (freedom). You are either with us or against us. We cannot wait while dangers gather."
Want to put a couple hundred thousand US citizens in concentration camps because of their ancestry? The Supreme Court sees nothing in the constitution to interfere with that. The DOJ today is quite adept at actions which it holds to be immune from judicial review, so the inconvenience of a judicial rubber stamp is no longer needed. And you wonder if the government can require a licence to be a passenger on an airliner? They can require a license to leave your house on foot, and they are in the process of doing so. "Have papers? Proceed. No papers, oh, you are not under arrest, but we need to check into a few things. This will only take a couple of hours or so and then you'll be on your way (to the next checkpoint). It's for the children, you know?"
The first step will likely be for airline flight. With travel security papers, come to the airport 1 hour before departure. Without travel security papers, come to the airport 3 hours before Then we can expect to hear, "May I have your travel security number please?" You know the drill. In about 27 minutes, the credit information service companies will also have that number. It will be your license, revocable at will, to move about the country, to buy, to own, to lodge.
Has the president suspended the writ of habeas corpus? Sorry, that's secret, and since you asked, we must watch you carefully, because as our Attorney General says, civil liberties questions like that just give comfort to the enemy.
I know full well that a substantial percentage of readers sees this line of thinking as paranoia. I expect that percentage to drop rapidly.
"What do you have to hide?"

@_date: 2002-07-31 19:09:49
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Hollywood Hackers 
On the OpenCM webpage, it proclaims on the right hand side:
    OpenCM is designed as a secure, high-integrity replacement for CVS.     Briefly, OpenCM provides ... and on the left hand side of the page it says:
If they are concerned about security, Shouldn't they be avoiding

@_date: 2002-09-20 13:06:16
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: [BrinWorld] Store spycam witnesses beating 
Woman wanted for child abuse after store spycam witnesses beating:
SOUTH BEND, Indiana (CNN) -- The woman caught on videotape seemingly beating her 4-year-old daughter in the parking lot of a Kohl's Department Store in Mishawaka, Indiana, is wanted in Texas for skipping a court date

@_date: 2003-04-24 05:44:25
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Bad Elf. 
This and a variety of other stuff, is showing up
in RAZOR2. Whichever fucking asshole out there is
reporting some of Fuhrer Rat's cypherpunk mail to
RAZOR or any other UE signature repository, needs
to stop now.

@_date: 2003-12-10 13:28:31
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Has this photo been de-stegoed? 
Tyler Durden (camera_lumina at hotmail.com) wrote on 2003-12-08:
Hardly, given the simple fact that well-encrypted content is
indistinguishable from noise.

@_date: 2003-01-01 10:54:24
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: QM, etc... 
Tim May wrote...
(oh wait, maybe it was Jim Choate!)
"The major hole in -all- current QM systems is they do not take into
account relativistic effects. Which are required -any time- a photon is
Choate, you DO say some interesting things sometimes*, but sometimes you come up with some real wacky crapola. This is one of them! PAM Dirac united quantum mechanics with relativity coming up with relativistic quantum mechanics. From this the existence of the positron was predicted.
If you still want to say there's some kind of "hole" in quantum theory, then are you saying that if we fix this hole, QM will bve able to predict experimental outcomes to, say 20 decimals rather than 10? (QM is by far the most sucesful physical theory ever developed.)
As for the other comments, they don't really have bearing on EPR. Remember, the E in EPR stands for Einstein, and it was he himself who predicted the bizarre and counter-to-all-rational-beliefs-about-physical-reality-type nature of quantum behavior. (Actually, he and Podolsky and Rosen put forth these arguments as proof that something was fundamentally flawed. He never guesed we'd actually SEE this stuff happen one day.) But my point is, if Einstein himself didn't see any reason to invoke relativity in this case, then its really not relevant.
No, relativity is not the 'hole' in EPR. Our understanding about the nature of physical reality is the hole. How does a photon "know" what another photon is doing instantaneously? (It doesn't matter 'as measured by who'...as long as ONE observer is able to see then communicate 'instantaneously', then we're no longer in territory that anybody really understands.)
Or if you want to weasel-word around this, then grapple with Ahranov-Bohm. How do the electrons "know" about the voltage of a removed zone? They have no connection with that zone whatsoever (unless you want to invoke the "Magentic Vector Potential", but then I guess its a complete coincidence that A-B accruately predicts the phenomenon...right?).
-Tyler Durden
I actually have wanted to respond to some of your attempts to de-couple strong crypto from a need for certain political/ideological stances, but I haven't had the time. Suffice it to say, there's good reason for using strong crypto without necessarily supporting any single political ideology.

@_date: 2003-01-14 15:38:41
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Brinworld: Samsung SCH-V310 camcorder phone 
Bill Stewart said: Unless you are being rebirthed by a home applicance.

@_date: 2003-07-02 23:06:14
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: All quiet on the western front 
Hi, Tim,
I'm glad that you have a bout of lucidity.
The government essentially won the crypto battle, marginalizing crypto
proponents, quietly getting media and corporations under control when
crypto is concerned, and generally rising the stakes. Those of you who
have access to corporate product development documents that relate to
communications know what I am talking about. CALEA etcl. It's there,
it's real and I think that about 5-10% of development resources are
taken by it.
Most cypherpunks were relatively highly paid engineers with
comfortable lives and some time on their hands, so while crypto was
fashionable it was cool to hang out at meetings and have pipe dreams
about taking on the state. Even then, scum like del Torto started to
bank ahead and sell to the "freedom fighters" and "good cops".
But then it got much worse. After the WTC theater, being present at
essentially anti-state meetings was not considered totally benign. And
also the salaries were gone, so this beer and TV Saturday alternative
suddenly stopped being alternative at all.
So we're back to the fact that highly paid engineers in crypto field
are really not automatically revolutionaries. On the contrary.
There are very few in the general population that are cut to be true
dissenters and act upon it. Now this age brings in the additional
requirement: they have to also be decent engineers. As a result, there
are very few left.

@_date: 2003-06-08 18:00:51
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Razor 
I don't care about The Rat's postings like some of
my anonymous associates, but someone's razor
reporting is inaccurate.  Some spam from this list
has been revoked at razor so it drops down below
30% confidence, when it shouldn't be revoked at
all [1].  Inversely, some legitimate postings are
getting reported to razor when they should not be
If you auto-report stuff to razor, please be
extra-careful with this list.
[1] <20030608161030.83223.qmail at web42003.mail.yahoo.com>
[2]

@_date: 2003-06-16 11:36:50
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
I work as a programmer at a company that writes software to handle switch functions and bill cellular and gsm customers.  (I work in the
billing part) It is a simple matter to get access to the files that store these records.  To my knowledge there is no direct audit trail, though I don't know what records the switch itself keeps, if any.
The security is rather silly.  It is a simple matter to write a few lines of code to dump the name, address, phone number, social security number, mother's maiden name and credit card number of millions of cell
phone users.  I imagine adding or removing a call record would be simple, as well.

@_date: 2003-05-06 19:19:29
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Some CA elected officials need killing 
Koretz, Paul
Assembly District 42
Capitol Office:
Room 2176
State Capitol, P.O. Box 942849
Sacramento, CA 94249-0042
Phone: (916) 319-2042
Fax: (916) 319-2142
District Office:
8490 Sunset Blvd.
Suite 542
West Hollywood, CA 90069
Phone: 310-652-4242
FAX: 310-289-4250
pic: google UNCONFIRMED
Paul Koretz, (310) 278-8329, , Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Paul Koretz, (310) 275-4232, 1443 N Doheny Dr, Los Angeles, CA 90069
Paul served as Mayor and City Councilman for West Hollywood for 12 years
before being elected to the Assembly.
Longville, John
Assembly District 62
Capitol Office:
Room 3123
State Capitol, P.O. Box 942849
Sacramento, CA 94249-0062
Phone: (916) 319-2062
Fax: (916) 319-2162
District Office:
201 N. E Street, Suite 205
San Bernardino, CA 92401
Phone: (909) 388-1413
Fax: (909) 388-1176
pic: google UNCONFIRMED
John Longville, (909) 820-1201, 175 E Easton St, Rialto, CA 92376
Born September 21, 1949 in St. Paul, Minnesota, John Longville has been a
Californian since 1968. He was first elected to the California State
Assembly in 1998 after serving for nearly two decades as a councilmember and
then as mayor of Rialto.
Bermzdez, Rudy
Assembly District 56
Capitol Office:
Room 5135
State Capitol, P.O. Box 942849
Sacramento, CA 94249-0056
Phone: (916) 319-2056
Fax: (916) 319-2156
District Office:
16600 Civic Center, 2nd Floor
Bellflower, CA 90706
Phone: (562) 866-3391
Fax: (562) 867-3085
pic: Assembly Member Bermzdez and his wife, Nancy are homeowners in Norwalk and
have two sons, Rudy and Nicolas. Prior to being elected to the Assembly, he
was a parole agent with more than 20 years of experience with the Department
of Corrections and California Youth Authority. He is a member of the
California Correctional Peace Officers Association (CCPOA) and is also a
member of the Norwalk Knights of Columbus, League of United Latin American
Citizens (LULAC) and the Parent Teacher Association.
Jackie Goldberg
Assembly District 45
Capitol Office:
Room 2003
State Capitol, P.O. Box 942849
Sacramento, CA 94249-0045
(916) 319-2045
fax: (916) 319-2145
District office:
106 North Avenue 56
Los Angeles, CA 90042
(323) 258-0450
fax: (323) 258-3807
pic: google UNCONFIRMED
Jackie Goldberg - (323) 663-4509 - , Los Angeles, CA 90001
Jackie Goldberg - (323) 664-0711 - 1544 Curran St, Los Angeles, CA 90026
Assemblymember Goldberg resides in Echo Park with her life-partner, poet
Sharon Stricker, who is also a teacher and is the Executive Director of
LACER, a non-profit organization which runs arts and literacy based after
school programs in middle schools in LAUSD. Their son Brian lives and works
in San Diego. Goldberg holds her Bachelor of Arts degree from University of
California, Berkeley, and a Masters in Education from the University of
Chicago. She is a Los Angeles native and has been a resident of the District
in Echo Park since 1967.
Mark Leno
Assembly District 13
Capitol Office:
Room 3146
State Capitol, P.O. Box 942849
Sacramento, CA 94249-0013
Phone: (916) 319-2013
Fax: (916) 319-2113
District Office:
455 Golden Gate Avenue
Suite 14300
San Francisco, CA 94102
Phone: (415) 557-3013 Fax: (415) 557-3015
pic: Prior to his election to the State Assembly, Assemblyman Leno served as a
member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors from April 1998 to December
2002. He authored landmark legislation in the areas of affordable housing,
universal health care for children, solar energy, late night entertainment,
bond oversight, small business services, City CarShare, medical cannabis,
equal access to services, and LGBT civil rights.

@_date: 2004-04-23 22:15:44
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap  
Major Variola writes...
Are there any publicly available documents that detail interrogation
protocols and what brainwave patterns and bloodflow look like during truth
telling and lying?  Preferably something that gets into how to consciously
alter brainwave patterns and bloodflow with this application in mind...
A document with a thorough discussion of various depressants on such an
interrogation process would also be most interesting.
We all know that no lie detector is not perfect, but trying to convince
captors that I'm part of a minority of subjects -- those who appear to be
lying when they're not -- is not my idea of fun.

@_date: 2004-12-12 19:58:49
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Steve Thompson 
Out of nowhere cometh Steve Thompson, and sayeth he all manner of things. But, while his mouth moveth one way, he seemeth to move the other.
What hath suddenly attracted our AUK creep?

@_date: 2004-12-31 04:28:32
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: happy newyear's eve 
Angleton, James Hugh	ssdi	215-50-2639	1888-12-05	1973-04	NCR businessman, former Col., wife Carmen Mercedes Moreno, Boise, ID
Angleton, James Jesus	unres		1917-12-09	1987-05-11	CIA/OSS, possibly b. 1918- Col. James Hugh Angleton, Carmen Mercedes Moreno, Boise, ID
Asimov, Isaac	ssdi	055-24-6410	1920-01-02	1992-04-06	author, source of the laws of robotics
Bissell, Richard Mervin	ssdi	129-10-9645	1909-10-18	1994-02-15	CIA
Boggs, Thomas Hale, Sr.	missing	433-01-1763	1914-02-15	1972-10-16	congressperson
Bulger, James Joseph "Whitey"	missing				a.k.a. Thomas Baxter; mob, Winter Hill Gang
Casey, William James	ssdi	130-12-7576	1913-03-13	1987-05-06	CIA
Colby, William Egan	ssdi	577-28-7679	1920-01-04	1996-04-27	CIA
Connally, John Bowden	ssdi	466-03-9768	1917-02-27	1993-06-15	TX Governor; hit during JFK assassination
Cooper, John Sherman	ssdi	361-09-8366	1901-08-23	1991-02-21	senator; warren commission
Crick, Francis Harry Compton	unres		1916-06-08	2004-07-28	co-discoverer of DNA
Cunanan, Andrew Phillip	unres		1969-08-31	1997-07-23	murdered Gianni Versace
Deming, William Edwards	ssdi	085-26-4468	1900-10-14	1993-12-20	production/management expert
Dick, Philip Kindred	ssdi	550-38-3080	1928-12-16	1982-03-02	writer, sci-fi
Dijkstra, Edsger Wybe	ssdi	459-67-5076	1930-05-11	2002-08-06	computer scientist
Dirac, Paul Adrien Maurice	ssdi	153-36-3061	1902-08-08	1984-10-20	founder of quantum mechanics
Disney, Walter "Walt"	ssdi	562-10-0296	1901-12-05	1966-12-15	inventor
Donovan, William Joseph	pre-ss		1883-01-01	1959-02-08	lawyer, OSS
Dulles, Allen Welsh	ssdi	086-28-2350	1893-04-07	1969-01-29	CIA; warren commission
Eisenhower, Dwight David "Ike"	ssdi	572-64-0315	1890-10-14	1969-03-28	president
Feynman, Richard Phillips	ssdi	098-03-1009	1918-05-11	1988-02-15	physicist
Forrestal, James Vincent	pre-ss		1892-02-15	1949-05-22	first Secretary of Defense, suicide
Foster, Vincent Walker, Jr.	ssdi	429-80-1132	1945-01-15	1993-07-20	lawyer
Geisel, Theodor Seuss	ssdi	552-38-5014	1904-03-02	1991-09-24	Dr. Seuss
Genovese, Catherine "Kitty"	unres		1935	1964-03-13	murder victim
Giancana, Sam "Momo"	ssdi	326-18-6902	1908-05-24	1975-06-19	mafia, possible CIA assassination (ssdi: b. 06-15)
Harris, Eric	ssdi	284-82-1478	1981-04-09	1999-04-20	Columbine
Helms, Richard McGarrah	ssdi	317-01-6292	1913-03-30	2002-10-23	CIA
Herbert, Frank Patrick	ssdi	549-26-9691	1920-10-08	1986-02-11	writer, sci-fi
Hiss, Alger	ssdi	087-32-7727	1904-11-11	1996-11-15	KGB spy
Hoffa, James Riddle "Jimmy"	missing		1913-02-14	1975-07-30	mafia
Hoffman, Abbott "Abbie"	ssdi	030-28-6194	1936-11-30	1989-04-15	radical
Hoover, John Edgar	ssdi	577-60-1114	1895-01-01	1972-05-15	FBI
Johnson, Lyndon Baines	ssdi	577-60-6128	1908-08-27	1973-01-22	president
Jones, James Warren "Jim"	ssdi	303-32-5942	1931-05-13	1978-11-18	cultist
Katzenbach, Nicholas	ssdi	335-03-1844	1901-02-26	1972-12	attorney general
Kennedy, Robert Francis "Bobby"	ssdi	026-24-0879	1925-11-20	1968-06-06	U.S. Attorney General
King, Martin Luther, Jr.	ssdi	253-36-3980	1929-01-15	1968-04-04	revolutionary
Klebold, Dylan	ssdi	524-45-5481	1981-09-11	1999-04-20	Columbine
Korzybski, Alfred Habdank Skarbek	pre-ss		1879-07-03	1950-03-01	founder of General Semantics
Lansky, Meyer	ssdi	109-03-8534	1902-07-04	1983-01-15	mafia
Leary, Timothy Francis	ssdi	032-07-5410	1920-10-22	1996-05-31	LSD
Lee, Brandon	unres		1965-02-01	1993-03-31	The Crow
Lee, Bruce	ssdi	564-58-5856	1940-11-27	1973-07-20	martial artist (ssdi: b. 11-24)
McCloy, John Jay	ssdi	578-32-5244	1895-03-31	1989-03-11	World Bank president; warren commission
McCone, John Alex	ssdi	562-09-7959	1902-01-04	1991-02-14	CIA
McVeigh, Timothy James	ssdi	129-58-4709	1968-04-23	2001-06-11	executed for the OKC bombing
Miler, Newton B.	ssdi	481-03-5505	1900-10-28	1992-01-25	CIA, in the CIA SIG
Mortensen, Norma Jeane	pre-ss		1926-06-01	1962-08-05	Marilyn Monroe; playboy, suicide
Nixon, Richard Milhous	ssdi	567-68-0515	1913-01-09	1994-04-22	president
Offie, Carmel	ssdi	578-44-7515	1909-09-22	1972-06	CIA, don juan
Orlov, Igor "Sasha"	ssdi	578-54-4451	1922-01-01	1982-05	CIA, KGB mole; aka Alexander Koptatzky
Oswald, Lee Harvey	unres	433-54-3937	1939-10-18	1963-11-24	alleged JFK assassin
Pauling, Linus Carl	ssdi	545-44-4297	1901-02-28	1994-08-19	chemist
Pearl, Daniel	ssdi	547-35-3986	1963-10-10	2002-01-31	journalist
Elvis Presley	ssdi	409-52-2002	1935-01-08	1977-08-16	singer
Rand, Ayn	ssdi	571-32-9405	1905-02-02	1982-03-06	writer; born Alissa Zinovievna Rosenbaum
Ray, James Earl	ssdi	728-09-4027	1928-03-10	1998-04-23	assassin (MLK)
Reagan, Ronald Wilson	unres		1911-02-06	2004-06-05	U.S. president
Richardson, Elliot Lee	ssdi	028-18-8016	1920-07-20	1999-12-31	lawyer, politician, Nixon-related (ssdi: d. 12-15)
Rocca, Raymond G.	ssdi	227-60-1579	1917-02-22	1993-11-11	CIA/OSS, Angleton
Rocca, George Raymond	ssdi	378-92-8331	1925-01-27	2000-09-21	CIA/OSS, alternate possibility
Rockefeller, Nelson	ssdi	056-09-0954	1908-07-08	1979-01-26	vice president 41, NY governor
Ruby, Jack Leon	unres	359-10-5891	1911	1967-01-03	JFK-related, killed LHO; b. Jacob Leon Rubenstein
Russell, Richard, Jr.	ssdi	256-70-0796	1897-11-02	1971-01-21	senator; warren commission
Ryan, Thelma "Patricia" Catherine	ssdi	568-09-8510	1912-03-16	1993-06	first lady (Nixon)
Sagan, Carl Edward	ssdi	338-30-6096	1934-11-09	1996-12-20	astronomer
Salk, Jonas	ssdi	578-38-3944	1914-10-28	1995-06-23	biologist
Shannon, Claude Elwood	ssdi	096-16-3629	1916-04-30	2001-02-24	mathematician
Simpson, Nicole Brown	ssdi	573-72-9948	1959-05-19	1994-06-13	ex-wife of O.J. Simpson
Spann, Johnny Micheal	ssdi	416-21-6382	1969-03-01	2001-11-25	CIA
Teller, Edward	ssdi	348-28-0765	1908-01-15	2003-09-09	physicist
Thurmond, James Strom	ssdi	250-64-5145	1902-12-05	2003-06-26	senator
Tolson, Clyde Anderson	ssdi	577-60-2204	1900-05-22	1975-04-15	FBI assoc. director under Hoover
Tordella, Louis William	ssdi	579-44-0892	1911-05-01	1996-01-10	NSA
Trafficante, Santo, Jr.	ssdi	265-50-2785	1914-11-15	1987-03-17	mob
Truman, Harry	ssdi	488-40-6969	1884-05-08	1972-12-26	president
Warren, Earl	ssdi	563-66-5198	1891-03-19	1974-07-09	supreme court justice; warren commission
White, Harry Dexter	pre-ss		1892-10	1948-08-16	worldbank, IMF, communist spy, SecTreas
Whitman, Charles Joseph	unres		1941-06-23	1966-08-01	murderer
Zelazny, Roger Joseph	ssdi	289-32-9071	1937-05-13	1995-06-14	sci-fi writer
Zorn, Max August	ssdi	307-40-0356	1906-06-06	1993-03-09	mathematician

@_date: 2005-07-01 20:01:00
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: The Nazification Of America ("Show Me Your Papers" - Day 1) 
"When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is
not far away.  It is time to go elsewhere."

@_date: 2005-07-01 20:31:26
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: The Nazification Of America ("Show Me Your Papers" - Day 1) 
On 1 July, J.A. Terranson wrote...
If they federales are going to make it so difficult, one might as well
start a new identity.
How does one go about constructing a new identity now?
Birth certificate.  What kind of certification are they looking for?
The state seal?  That's easy enough to fake.  Do they do verification?
How much?  What if it comes back negative?  What's their response to,
"The state records must be screwed up?"  That's a plausible excuse for
anyone who can claim to be born before modern computerization... at
least anyone no longer in HS.
What are the ID requirements for getting a SSN?  Since it's goal is to
con SSN holders into paying their "fair share" of tax revenue, the gov
can't be too picky.
Once one have those two, one can get a passport, no?  Aren't those
three items are acceptable proof of identify for a DL?

@_date: 2005-06-23 10:36:27
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
thermite through the engine block, frag bomb in the engine compartment,
torch any remaining hoses, slice the tires, puncture the brake lines.
you don't need someone to tell you this. takings clause abuse has been
going on for a long time.

@_date: 2005-06-23 13:56:23
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
The principle of using the takings clause to transfer private property
to private parties has already been approved by the Supremes.  This is
but another variation.
Dousing the 'dozer with gas and throwing a match may suffice.  The two
ex-Caltech-student co-conspirators in the Los Angeles area Hummer
dealership fire are still at large.  Maybe they'll make their way to
Connecticut or NYC* and put their skills to use for a worthy cause...
rather than for the Marxist ELF.
*

@_date: 2005-06-24 09:05:48
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
In her defense, she *thinks* she's identified a legitimate
distinction.  She thinks there's a fundamental difference between
taking property for the purpose of economic development and taking
property to break up a landholder oligopoly on a small island.
Unfortunately, she's wrong.  She's a two-bit socialist in the realm of
constitutional takings. She has no compunctions about taking from the
rich and giving to the poor, or taking from someone to protect the
"environment." But she starts whining when the court decides to take
from the (relatively) poor and give to the rich.
As for Berman... (quoting O'Connor's dissent from Kelo)
Those are good reasons for the government to do something, although I
can't agree that taking the property to raze it and sell it to
developers -- no matter what the reason -- qualifies as public use. To
be constitutional, they'd have had to turn the area into a public park
or a museum or something.
A reasonable action under our current system of government and
jurisprudence could have been for the D.C. city council (which can be
overridden by Congress, but Congress generally leaves it alone) to
enact a health and safety law requiring the property owners to fix
things, and fining them and having the city fix things if the property
owners did not comply. If fixing meant razing the buildings and
putting up tents, so be it. But no level of government had the right
to take titles from the land owners unless the land would then be put
to public use.
I don't philosophically support that solution because it violates
private property rights. If someone wants to live in an unsafe or
unhealthy environment with no light and no alleys, the government
shouldn't have the power to intervene. But it's widely accepted in
urban areas that the government has the power to intervene on the
basis of gross neglect of public (e.g. tenant) health and safety, and
that's a somewhat better and less intrusive way of fixing the
situation in Berman without going so far as taking the property away
from the landholders. The opening paragraph of Berman admits that the
property, once taken, "may be" (i.e. will be) sold to private
So, while O'Connor shouldn't be defending either decision, at least
there was some basis for the government to do *something* in Berman.
And at least, because O'Connor wasn't part of that decision, she can't
be accused of violating her own principles in Kelo with respect to

@_date: 2005-06-24 11:52:09
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
The conservative justices happen to be correct about that. If there is
a need for expansion of federal power, the solution is to pass an
amendment, not to read into the commerce and general welfare clauses
what was never there.
If the judiciary keeps supporting both good and bad laws on the basis
of Congress's interstate commerce power, eventually something is going
to break. Either we're going to have a civil war or the judiciary is
going to have to start contradicting its earlier opinions.
We the people should start a campaign to pass amendments in these
various areas so that the Supreme Court can revise its earlier
opinions without placing laws like the Civil Rights Act completely in
These are a few areas which amendments could target:
limiting complexity of the tax code if not repealing the 16th A.
NBC weaps (chems def'd by LD50 and quantity for gases and liquids)
reiterating the 2nd amendment with the exception of any banned NBC
regulation of airspace up to a certain altitude
acknowledgment that the U.S. has no authority over outer space
civil rights - discrimination
clarifying property rights (in light of Kelo)
If we don't need or can't agree on amendments in those areas,
respective legislation must be nullified. The Kelo decision is simply
incorrect, so an amendment correcting it is virtually mandatory.
We have no right to healthcare or welfare, and laws granting either
are invalid. We have a right to make, buy and sell any weapons we
wish, and laws stating otherwise are invalid. We have a right not to
be discriminated against by the government, and by purely public
institutions, and at polls. We have no right to equal treatment by
private corporations or private individuals. We have a right to use
the EM spectrum as we wish, and we have a right to possess whatever
substances we want.
I don't like some of those facts, but they are facts. In order to
change them, there is no alternative except to pass constitutional
amendments. Otherwise, the government will continue on the path from
incoherence to collapse.

@_date: 2005-06-30 12:32:34
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
Thomas in particular is hated by the Right, but everyone, left, right,
and center hates the majority decision in Kelo.  Polls on major news
sites indicate 1-3% support for the decision.
The question is not whether there's a division -- of course there is --
but whether liberals are upset enough about this decision to turn
against justices who mostly support the modern liberal paradigm.

@_date: 2005-05-03 16:26:23
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: Stash Burn? 
The Alabama hillbilly remains free to harass you the next time
you pass through the area.
Do you pay off every cop in the US or merely every cop within
twenty miles of your drug route?
SOP is to drive unregistered or stolen cars with license removed.
Keep a fake "new car" paper license in the rear windshield. With
no way to connect you to the vehicle, response to a traffic stop
should be obvious. No need to stop the car if you have a
passenger and a few scoped and unscoped battle rifles. Sunroof
optional but recommended. Be prepared to repaint the car.
It is unnecessary to have a belt-fed AR or m249 with several
thousand rounds mounted in the trunk facing backwards. Using a
turn signal or windshield wiper lever to aim is awkward, and so
is explaining away bullet holes in tail lights when you're pulled
over for that later.

@_date: 2005-05-15 18:42:41
@_author: A.Melon 
@_subject: No subject 
This is the sixth release candidate for the 0.1.0.x series. This is an
actual release candidate--it's going to be the final release if there
are no bugs--we promise. :) We fixed the last known major problems:
we don't use threading on netbsd now, and the new libevent 1.1 detects
and disables the broken kqueue that ships with OS X 10.4.0.
Libevent 1.1 also has __significant__ performance improvements if you're
using poll or select. Try it, you'll like it.
Please report any bugs, either in the installers or in Tor operation, so
we can get it perfect for an actual release:   o Bugfixes:
    - Implement --disable-threads configure option. Disable threads on
      netbsd by default, because it appears to have no reentrant resolver
      functions.
    - Apple's OS X 10.4.0 ships with a broken kqueue. The new libevent
      release (1.1) detects and disables kqueue if it's broken.
    - Append default exit policy before checking for implicit internal
      addresses. Now we don't log a bunch of complaints on startup
      when using the default exit policy.
    - Some people were putting "Address  " in their torrc, and they had
      a buggy resolver that resolved " " to 0.0.0.0. Oops.
    - If DataDir is ~/.tor, and that expands to /.tor, then default to
      LOCALSTATEDIR/tor instead.
    - Fix fragmented-message bug in TorControl.py.
    - Resolve a minor bug which would prevent unreachable dirports
      from getting suppressed in the published descriptor.
    - When the controller gave us a new descriptor, we weren't resolving
      it immediately, so Tor would think its address was 0.0.0.0 until
      we fetched a new directory.
    - Fix an uppercase/lowercase case error in suppressing a bogus
      libevent warning on some Linuxes.
  o Features:
    - Begin scrubbing sensitive strings from logs by default. Turn off
      the config option SafeLogging if you need to do debugging.
    - Switch to a new buffer management algorithm, which tries to avoid
      reallocing and copying quite as much. In first tests it looks like
      it uses *more* memory on average, but less cpu.
    - First cut at support for "create-fast" cells. Clients can use
      these when extending to their first hop, since the TLS already
      provides forward secrecy and authentication. Not enabled on
      clients yet.
    - When dirservers refuse a router descriptor, we now log its
      contactinfo, platform, and the poster's IP address.
    - Call tor_free_all instead of connections_free_all after forking, to
      save memory on systems that need to fork.
    - Whine at you if you're a server and you don't set your contactinfo.
    - Implement --verify-config command-line option to check if your torrc
      is valid without actually launching Tor.
    - Rewrite address "serifos.exit" to "localhost.serifos.exit"
      rather than just rejecting it.
