
@_date: 1997-08-31 04:39:13
@_author: Peter D. Junger 
@_subject: Developments in the _Junger_ suit 
Now that Judge Patel has declared again in the _Bernstein_ case that
cryptographic software is entitled to the full protection of the First
Amendment, it is time for me to bring you up to date on some
developments on the Cleveland front.
To assist in the preparation of an amended complaint in my suit that,
like _Bernstein_, seeks to enjoin the enforcement of the export
regulations restricting publication of encryption software, my Legal
Attack Team on June 12 submitted several ``classification requests''
to the Department of Commerce in an effort to determine exactly what
is, and what is not, covered by the definition of encryption software set out in the Export Administration Regulations.
The Bureau of Export Aministration in the Department of Commerce
responded to these requests on or about July 4 and amplified their
response on or about August 7.  That response, though not generally
very helpful, did contain a number of surprises.  In particular, two
versions of a one-time pad encryption program using the XOR function
that I wrote in 8086 assembly language and machine code and a similar
OTP program written by Paul Leyland in one line of C, were classified
as EAR 99, which means that those programs are ``not subject to the
licensing restrictions for encryption software''.
No explanation was given as to why these programs implementing the one
unbreakable form of encryption are not classified as encryption
programs subject to ECCN 5D002.
More importantly, the classification requests included several pages
of HTML links to strong, unexportable encryption programs on several
FTP servers outside of the United States, but the Bureau of Export
Administration said that they were unable to classify that material,
and instead supplied us with an advisory opinion with respect to that
request saying:  ``Professor Junger's activity is not an export that
is subject to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR).''  The
Bureau subsequently amplified this response, saying:  ``While the use
of html links by a person might, in some applications, involve an
export . . . we reiterate that the activity described by your
submission is not an export activity that is subject to the EAR and
would also not constitute conduct prohibited by Section 744.9 of the
EAR.'' The Bureau did, however, classify several programs that we submitted,
including one written by me in C that implements several different
encryption algorithms and Adam Back's RSA program in three lines of
Perl (which is available at ), as being
encryption programs that are subject to the export restriction of the
The most significant part of the Bureau's response, however, was their
professed inability to classify one way or the other all programs
implementing certain specified encryption algorithms such as, for
example, OTP programs that XOR the bytes comprising the message with
the bytes in a one-time pad.  The Bureau said as to this request:
``BXA cannot provide a single classification opinion for any
encryption product that `implemements' a certain algorithm''.
Due to the kindness of John Young, our requests for classification and
BXA's responses will be available shortly at .
The links to cryptographic programs on FTP sites outside the United
States are already available at Stay tuned for further announcements once this labor day weekend is
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger at samsara.law.cwru.edu    URL:          NOTE: junger at pdj2-ra.f-remote.cwru.edu no longer exists

@_date: 2002-06-25 11:36:01
@_author: Peter D. Junger 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
: : > Furthermore, inherent to the TCPA concept is that the chip can in
: > effect be turned off.  No one proposes to forbid you from booting a
: > non-compliant OS or including non-compliant drivers.
: : Good point.  At least I hope they don't. :-)
: : > There is not even social opprobrium; look at how eager
: > everyone was to look the other way on the question of whether the DeCSS
: > reverse engineering violated the click-through agreement.
: : Perhaps it did, but the licence agreement was unenforceable.  It's
: clearly reverse engineering for interoperability (between Linux and DVD
: players) so the legal exemption applies.  You can't escape the exemption
: by contract.  Now, you might say that morally he should obey the
: agreement he made.  My view is that there is a reason why this type of
: contract is unenforceable; you might as well take advantage of the
: exemption.
That isn't the reason why a click-through agreement isn't enforceable---the agreement could, were it enforceable, validlly
forbid reverse engineering for any reason and that clause would
in most cases be upheld.  But, unless you buy your software from
the copyright owner, you own your copy of the software and
clicking on a so called agreement with the copyright owner
that you won't do certain things with your software is---or,
at least should be---as unenforceable as promise to your doctor
that you won't smoke another cigarette.  The important point
is not, however, that click-through agreements are probably
unenforceable; the important point is that people---at least
those people who think that they own their own computers and
the software copies that they have purchased---generally
believe that they should be unenforceable.  (And in the
actual case involving Linux and DVD players there was no
agreement not to circumvent the technological control measures
in DVD's; the case was based on the theory that the circumvention
violated the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.)
: The prosecution was on some nonsense charge that amounted to him
: burgling his own house.  A statute that was meant to penalise computer
: break-ins was used against someone who owned the computer that he broke
: into.
: : > The TCPA allows you to do something that you can't do today: run your
: > system in a way which convinces the other guy that you will honor your
: > promises, that you will guard his content as he requires in exchange for
: > his providing it to you.
: : Right, but it has an odd effect too.  No legal system gives people
: complete freedom to contract.  Suppose you really, really want to exempt
: a shop from liability if your new toaster explodes.  You can't do it;
: the legal system does not give you the freedom to contract in that way.
: : DRM, however, gives people complete freedom to make contracts about how
: they will deal with digital content.  Under EU single market rules, a
: contract term to the effect that you could pass on your content to
: someone in the UK but not the rest of the EU is unenforceable.  No
: problem for DRM though...
I don't think that one should confuse contract limitations, or limitations on enforceable contract limitations, with technological
limitations.  There is nothing, for example, in any legal system that
forbids one from violating the law of gravity.
One of the many problems with the use of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act to enforce the technological control measures
in DVD's was that it was based on the rather weird theory
that it should be illegal to do something that someone
else tried, but failed, to make technologically impossible
to do.
(Thus I am rather doubtful that Lessig's idea the everything is
code is useful for analytical, rather than rhetorical, purposes.)
: I think lawyers will hate this.
I don't see why we should.  We don't hate the law of gravity
or the law of large numbers.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger at samsara.law.cwru.edu    URL:             NOTE: junger at pdj2-ra.f-remote.cwru.edu no longer exists

@_date: 2002-06-25 14:47:06
@_author: Peter D. Junger 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
: : > : > There is not even social opprobrium; look at how eager
: > : > everyone was to look the other way on the question of whether the DeCSS
: > : > reverse engineering violated the click-through agreement.
: > :
: > : Perhaps it did, but the licence agreement was unenforceable.  It's
: > : clearly reverse engineering for interoperability (between Linux and DVD
: > : players) so the legal exemption applies.  You can't escape the exemption
: > : by contract.
: : I certainly agree that that /should/ be the case. However, you assert
: that it /is/ the case. Under what country's laws? Can you cite test
: cases?
I didn't quite assert that it is the case, although it should be if
one reads the applicable provisions of the copyright act and the
sales article of the Uniform Commercial Code.  As to a case, there
is one out of California involving Adobe where a federal district
court went a long way toward holding that recently.
: > : Now, you might say that morally he should obey the agreement he made.
: : I'd claim that he made no agreement; a click-through license is not a
: valid contract. If I recall correctly, a Louisiana court did rule that
: way in a well-publicised case, and I've heard several Canadians assert
: that at least some are invalid under our law. : : > ... The important point
: > is not, however, that click-through agreements are probably
: > unenforceable; the important point is that people---at least
: > those people who think that they own their own computers and
: > the software copies that they have purchased---generally
: > believe that they should be unenforceable.
: : However, what people generally believe has little bearing in law.
But it has everything to do with what people believe is moral.
: : The question is whether courts -- which courts in which countries
: and on what grounds -- will deem them enforcable and therefore
: will enforce them when asked to do so. It does not matter much
: what you believe if a court can be convinced you're violating a
: law. They have quite effective ways of enforcing such judgements.
: : Of course, there are some good legal arguments that click-through
: agreements should not be enforcable, and that contracts should not
: be allowed to restrict reverse engineering. : : For that matter, there's a good argument that the DVD CCA is an : illegal conspiracy to restrict competition and manipulate the
: markets, and should be prosecuted as such. e.g. the Australian
: Competition Board has demanded an explanation of region codes:
: : : : To quote two speeches from that site:
: : Difficulties between the pro-competitive community and Intellectual Property
: Mr Ross Jones, Commissioner
: Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
: : | Australian consumers are currently suffering from an international cartel t
: hat
: | restricts their access to digital versatile discs (DVDs). The cartel, heade
: d
: | by major film studios in agreement with the manufacturers of DVD players, h
: as
: | divided the world into regions. This ensures that DVDs on sale in Australia
: | will only function on a DVD player licensed for region 4 that includes Aust
: ralia.
: | The stated aim is to protect cinema ticket sales by preventing people viewi
: ng
: | movies on DVDs in their homes before distribution to cinemas. The Australia
: n
: | subsidiaries of US film companies have been requested by the Commission to : | explain their actions. It will then decide what action can be taken.
: : Globalisation and Competition Policy
: Professor Allan Fels, Chairman
: Australian Competition & Consumer Commission
: : | The Commission has requested the Australian subsidiaries of United States f
: ilm
: | companies to explain why their regional restrictions on DVDs should not be : deemed
: | a breach of the Trade Practices Act 1974. ...
: |
: | The Commission believes RPC is anti-competitive with Australian consumers l
: acking
: | a choice of DVD videos and possibly paying higher prices.
: : The quoted documents are a couple of years old. Does anyone have
: an update? :  : A few of us have been trying, without much success, to convince the
: Canadian Competition Bureau to prosecute these conspirators. It might
: be worth a shot in other countries.
: : > (And in the
: > actual case involving Linux and DVD players there was no
: > agreement not to circumvent the technological control measures
: > in DVD's; the case was based on the theory that the circumvention
: > violated the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.)
: : Correct, for the case brought on the East Coast (NY? NJ?) by the
: MPAA. However, the first case, brought in California by DVD CCA,
: did not use the DMCA. It alleged theft of trade secrets, and
: violation of the license agreement.
The East Coast case which was decided against the publisher arose
in the federal district court for New York and was finally decided
the wrong way by the 2d Circuit court of appeals.
The California case arose in the California courts and was
based almost entirely on trade secret claims.  (The only way
that licenses got into the case was the claim that the
original parties who had done the reverse engineering were
bound by license agreements to keep the information secret.)
In that case the good guys have won so far.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger at samsara.law.cwru.edu    URL:             NOTE: junger at pdj2-ra.f-remote.cwru.edu no longer exists

@_date: 2004-05-21 11:07:06
@_author: Peter D. Junger 
@_subject: [CYBERIA] 1st amendment protection of software 
I have started a weblog, which is at .
One of the entries, which I enclose, about first amendment protection
of software may be of interest to some members of this list.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger at samsara.law.cwru.edu    URL:       NOTE: junger at pdj2-ra.f-remote.cwru.edu no longer exists
--Begin Enclosure
Expression Has Nothing to Do with It
   If  one  is  concerned,  as I am, with extending the First Amendment's
   protection of free speech and of the press to the writings of computer
   programmers and to the publication of information in digital form, one
   needs  to  find  some  way  not  to  couch one's arguments in terms of
   ``freedom of expression.''
   Burning  a  flag to protest a war is protected by the First Amendment,
   even though flag-burning is not literally speech, because flag-burning
   is  ``expressive.''  That  extension of the First Amendment beyond its
   literal scope does not, however, in any way imply that the speaking or
   publishing  of materials that are not expressive are not acts entitled
   to First Amendment protection.
   Saying that ``one and one is two'' is not, I submit, expressive in the
   sense  that burning a flag is expressive. That, however, does not give
   the  government absolute authority under the First Amendment to forbid
   saying  ``one and one is two,'' even though saying that might endanger
   the  success of the government's fiscal policies or its conduct of the
   war  in  Iraq.  Random numbers are not expressive in any sense at all,
   yet  that  does  not  mean  that  the publication of a table of random
   numbers would not be protected by the First Amendment.
   That  might  seem  obvious,  but  when some years ago I challenged the
   constitutionality  of the government's export regulations that forbade
   the publication of computer programs in digital form, the Government's
   response  was  to  argue that computer programs are ``functional'' and
   therefore  not  ``expressive''  and  that  the publication of computer
   programs is thus not protected by the First Amendment.
   Put  that way, the government's argument may not seem very persuasive.
   The  trouble  was,  however,  that  there  are  no judicial precedents
   holding,  or even saying, that non-expressive (or functional) speaking
   and  publication  are  activities  protected by the First Amendment--a
   point  that  is so obvious that it never has been litigated--and there
   are  lots of precedents saying that one can only obtain a copyright on
   expressive   writings   and   that   functional   writings   are   not
   copyrightable.  Of  course, the issue of whether a computer program is
   copyrightable  has  no  bearing  on  whether  it  is entitled to First
   Amendment  protection,  but  this apparently is not easy to see if one
   does  not  have  the  slightest  idea  as  to  what a computer program
   actually is.
   How  difficult  it  is  for  courts,  and  lawyers, to understand that
   computer  programs  are  simply  writings like the recipes in a recipe
   book  or  the  mathematical  tables  in  an  engineering  handbook, is
   illustrated  by  the holding of the Federal District Court judge in my
   case, Junger v. Daley:
     Source   code  is  ``purely  functional,''  in  a  way  that  . . .
     instructions,  manuals, and recipes are not. Unlike instructions, a
     manual,  or a recipe, source code actually performs the function it
     describes.  While  a recipe provides instructions to a cook, source
     code  is  a  device,  like  embedded circuitry in a telephone, that
     actually does the function of encryption.
   At that point my long-suffering lawyers had little choice but to adopt
   the  government's interpretation of the First Amendment and argue that
   computer programs--or at least their source code--are protected by the
   First  Amendment  because  they  are ``expressive.'' And that argument
   prevailed. The Court of Appeals held in my case that
     Because  computer  source  code  is  an  expressive  means  for the
     exchange  of  information  and ideas about computer programming, we
     hold that it is protected by the First Amendment.
   That  was  a  great  victory.  Junger v. Daley is now the leading case
   holding  that  computer  programs,  or at least their source code, are
   protected by the First Amendment.
   The  fact  remains,  however,  that there is a much simpler reason for
   holding that the publication of computer programs--and not just source
   code--is  protected  by  the  First  Amendment.  To publish a computer
   program  is  to  publish  information  and  it  is  the publication of
   information  that  is protected by the freedom of the press. It's that
   simple. Expression has nothing to do with it
--End Enclosure
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com
--- end forwarded text
