
@_date: 1997-11-05 04:26:31
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Senate Commerce cmte approves tax freedom bill 14-5 
Hmmmm.  With a yes vote from the above mentioned parties I wonder
what the possible implications are.  Specifically McCain, Inouye and
Ashcroft has been pro internet for years so I'm not concerned.
Is there anything in the ITFA that assigns specific powers that
didn't exist before?  Like a Federal Tax on Internet Access?
Jim Burnes
Security Software Engineer, SSDS Inc.
Denver, CO
Remove the n-o-s-p-a-m. from my email to respond

@_date: 1997-11-06 05:41:45
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. (fwd) 
--- respond to jim.burnes at n-o-s-p-a-m.ssds.com --- (you know the drill)
Ha!  This is pretty interesting.  Rather than the typical cypherpunk
approach of eliminating such inefficient and corrupting methods as
income taxation and tax exemption we are playing by their game.
The whole of HG Wells warning to society was that by systematically
altering the language, you alter the things that can be discussed.
The phrase "Tax exemption" is the newspeak form of "favored religious
group that isn't currently being financially punished for speaking
out against their masters".  The unspoken assumption in the
exempt/not-exempt argument is that you want federal income
taxation for anyone.  It also assumes there are "favored" groups vs.
"unfavored"  groups by the federal government.  Of course this all flies
directly in the face of limited constitutional government. So rather than bitch and moan about how the Churches are exempt, why
not rejoice in the fact that at least the churches are free from
taxation.  We are part of the way there.
Or start your own church.  ;-)
jim.burnes at n-o-s-p-a-m.ssds.com
(de-spamify if you wish to respond)

@_date: 1997-11-06 07:33:32
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. (fwd) 
Thank someones god/shaman/whatever that we don't live in a tribal
society.  The whole reason money was invented was so that we could
"buy" the services we needed.  The invention of the firearm was so
that anyone could protect the campsite.
Whenever tribes go beyond a few hundred/thousand members barter
becomes hopelessly inefficient and pretty shells/rocks/silver/gold
becomes the next best thing.  This becomes a civilization.  Hopefully
its a limited constitutional representative democracy.  Thats democracy
in the old sense of republic, not in the new sense which is newspeak for
Unfortunately the essense of money is not a subject that is taught
in grade schools, high schools or university economics courses for
that matter.  Prices are information that indicate demand/supply
and money is the packetized communication medium of free association.
Anyone know of any monetary theories based on communication theory?
Does income-side taxation then constitute a limitation on free
association?  Does it limit the people who you could cooperate
with to build a car?  Negotiate a deal?  Rent a hall so that you could
discuss politics?
Isnt that a breech of the 1st amendment?  Freedom of assembly?
Is income taxation an a-priori limitation on free speech and association?
Wow.  I've got to either lay off the caffiene or (tm) that theory.
All of the above discussion has been strictly theoretical.  Any
imputed relation to Jim Burnes' theories and ideas are strictly
Even if this were really coming from Jim Burnes, I'm sure he would
not want to be the Chief Taxation Spokesman^h^h^hperson.
Jim Burnes
FWIP: Fun With Internet Pseudonyms
FWIF: Fun With Internet Forgery

@_date: 1997-11-06 08:44:14
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. (fwd) 
Woops.  I'm mixing up my ontological icons.  Obviously I meant to
say "George Orwell".  Probably confused the two because they both
started out being semi-socialists.  HG Wells being a member of
the Rhodes Roundtable thought it would promote social justice.
Later he came to the conclusion that they just wanted to control
the world like any power-mad group that knows whats best for us.
Orwell fought in the Spanish civil war for the socialists and
against the fascists.  Later, he worked as a propagandist for the British ministry of truth
during WWII -- eventually seeing his folly and writing 1984.
this moment in history brought to you by:
The Hitler^h^h^h^hstory Channel
All Hitler^h^h^h^hstory, All the Time
we now bring you back to your regularly scheduled spam.

@_date: 1997-11-06 08:44:25
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Crypto in Videoconferencing? 
is anyone aware of a videoconferencing system that supports
strong crypto -- or any type of crypto for that matter?
jim burnes
Jim Burnes
Security Software Engineer, SSDS Inc.
Denver, CO
Remove the n-o-s-p-a-m. from my email to respond

@_date: 1997-11-06 08:45:44
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman.....makes more sense than you think. 
Well, Colin.  The idols you spoke of are simply transmogrified versions
of Adonis and Demeter from Roman paganism.  (I assume youre referring to
the Roman Catholic Church).
Having been a Roman Catholic and for some twenty years been an ex-catholic
I've spent years research the apparent transition from a Roman Senate/
Emperor dominated world to a Roman PaganJudeoChristian dominated world.
(at least until the reformation took hold).
Then England dominated the seas which was just an extension of the
Roman power center.
To some degree that is why the founding fathers were so adamant about
separation of church and state.  The last thing they wanted was another
theocracy to graft itself onto their new creation.
Of course, given the vagaries of entropy, the state eventually became
their religion.
Be careful what you wish for.  You may get it.
jim burnes
