
@_date: 2005-12-17 12:15:38
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] more on Bush Lets U.S. Spy on   
The Times sitting on the NSA story for a year needs to be probed:
was it the Times or James Risen -- who has been overly close to
intel agencies for many years and a while back was supposedly reined in by the Times for his "going too far" intimacy with intel
sources, and producing reports as biased as those of Judith
Miller. The Times is now again in the position it got itself into by encouraging
Miller to sleep with the enemy as the WashPo did with Bob Woodward and Time and others who embed their WHores to get pillow talk, real or
imaginary. Then if caught apologize for the 10,000 year old practice,
asking for trust just like those it accuses of being distrustful.
Sy Hersh has criticized the Times for this duplicity, as did Raymond Bonner, and other ex-Timesers, manh of whom left the Times over being restricted in what they could report by what they termed as senior Times (like WashPo and Time) officials lusting for intimacy with powerful politicians -- or
of being excluded at the intimate dinners in DC and NYC and world capitals. Hoover at the FBI swapped dirt with the DC reporters, a 20,000-year-old
wedding of enforcers and informants.
While minor scandals are being reported for US and Iraqi journalists being paid to report favorably on the Administration, the big scandal is the non-cash rewards earned by world-class media for getting insider
exclusives to boost circulation, whether Brian Williams or Jim Lehrer, most recently handling Bush with delicacy, or what Sy Hersh says are the unending information bribes that come his way, especially from intel sources for their own interest but more often for the interests of their superiors all the way to the top who use the spooks to leak policy with an glaze of "anonymous" legitimization, albeit deniable, to those as easily
seduced with specialized information as members of Congress.
Will there ever be an investigation of the leak racket, the congressional
hearing dissimulation, so long as we succumb to its "secrets exposed" allure for what we are trained to think is believable about the press, the Congress, looking after the public interest in opposition to unchecked power?

@_date: 2005-12-18 20:04:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: NSA Special Collection Program 
The NYT report on NSA surveillance described it as a "special collection
program." This is the also the name of the NSA-CIA program which performs
black bag jobs against targets which are tough to surveil with stand-off
means, including targets which use encryption. Codebooks are stolen,
copied and returned, bugs are planted, cavity resonating devices are rigged, cipher machines are lifted for tampering then replaced, and a host of
other means are used to overcome electronic and physical defenses.
One wonders what means NSA (and others) used to spy inside the US in addition to plain old electronic interception. The story so far is pretty simpleminded about NSA's capabilities. Could be the part of the story
the Times claims it is still withholding covers that.
And, there has been no mention in the news of the UK/USA arrangement for the UK to do what NSA once was forbidden to do inside the US. Perhaps
there has been an expansion of that as well.
Jason Vest and Wayne Madsen described the Special Collection Service
in 1999:
    According to a former high-ranking intelligence official, SCS was
formed in the late 1970s after competition between the NSA's embassy-based
eavesdroppers and the CIA's globe-trotting bugging specialists from its
Division D had become counterproductive. While sources differ on how SCS
works some claim its agents never leave their secret embassy warrens where
they perform close-quarters electronic eavesdropping, while others say
agents operate embassy-based equipment in addition to performing riskier
"black-bag" jobs, or break-ins, for purposes of bugging "there's a lot of
pride taken in what SCS has accomplished," the former official says.
    Intriguingly, the only on-the-record account of the Special Collection
Service has been provided not by an American but by a Canadian. Mike Frost,
formerly of the Communications Security Establishment Canada's NSA
equivalent served as deputy director of CSE's SCS counterpart and was
trained by the SCS. In a 1994 memoir, Frost describes the complexities of
mounting "special collection" operations finding ways to transport
sophisticated eavesdropping equipment in diplomatic pouches without
arousing suspicion, surreptitiously assembling a device without arousing
suspicion in his embassy, technically troubleshooting under less than ideal
conditions and also devotes considerable space to describing visits to
SCS's old College Park headquarters.
    "It is not the usual sanitorium-clean atmosphere you would expect to
find in a top-secret installation," writes Frost. "Wires everywhere,
jerry-rigged gizmos everywhere, computers all over the place, some people
buzzing around in three-piece suits, and others in jeans and t-shirts. [It
was] the ultimate testing and engineering centre for any espionage
equipment." Perhaps one of its most extraordinary areas was its "live
room," a 30-foot-square area where NSA and CIA devices were put through dry
runs, and where engineers simulated the electronic environment of cities
where eavesdroppers are deployed. Several years ago, according to sources,
SCS relocated to a new, 300-acre, three-building complex disguised as a
corporate campus and shielded by a dense forest outside Beltsville,
Maryland. Curious visitors to the site will find themselves stopped at a
gate by a Department of Defense police officer who, if one lingers, will
threaten arrest. Satellite photos of the Special Collection Service:

@_date: 2005-12-20 12:19:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] Thank You for Wiretapping 
The proponents of NSA snooping are getting their drawers twisted,
some calling Echelon Clinton's baby, with Drudge and Limbaugh and
other wing-nuts linking to a CBS 60 Minutes cursory report, and others of the war lovers disavowing it, while the WSJ cheers for what it does do not understand, ignorantly accusing others of Duncan Campbell wrote a long report on Echelon for EPIC in
June 2000 which the "privacy" org refused to publish, claiming
NSA does not spy on Americans. We asked EPIC in January 2005 for permission to publish the report but never got an answer.
Here it is, entitled "Signals Intelligence and Human Rights -
the ECHELON report:"
Campbell carefully reviews all technical, political and legal
aspects of Echelon and NSA's global interception programs,
and there is meat there for all sides of the current superficial
spitting contest -- WSJ and the NYT and WashPo could learn
from Campbell. He cites 70s eavesdropping reports from all of them which seem to have been ignored in the shallow
recent accounts.
Campbell's principal conclusion is that NSA and its backers have lied consistently about what it is doing, from the Church
Committee hearings in the 70s on through 2000, and likely
have lied since then as a matter of policy, lied to Congress, lied to the public, and perhaps lied to its backers so polished
and encrusted is its concealment.
Porter Goss, along with Bob Barr, both CIA dudes, tried to
pry open NSA's box in the late 90s and had no luck due to
the blind faith that NSA could do no wrong, or at least could
do no wrong in the eyes of overseers.
To be sure, what NSA siphons about US corporate, governmental
and political corruption could silence the most frightened of
WSJ-adoring malfeasors, a trick learned from Hoover. Don't
spy in the US, too much villany in the homeland of winner take
all markets.
What NSA has on the Times, WashPo and WSJ top dogs would
be wondrous to read.

@_date: 2005-12-22 10:33:45
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] US CODE: Title 50,1811. Authorization during time   
And it is still not impossible, not even improbable, that public use of
crypto was, is, not a disinfo op to red flag communications that need to be intercepted.
Not a hell of a lot has been written lately, if at all, how public crypto came
into wide use, the battle to free it from regulation, the rise of belief that
some types were mathematically impregnable.
There was discussion a few years back here about the disappearance
of some able contributors, and wishes they do well in their new, more
comfortable habitats. Whether any are aiding and abetting the latest SHAMROCK redux or the SHAMROCK that never died might be
clued by the coincidence of the discovery of PK just at the time Church
Committee hearings were being held to ostensibly defang NSA.
Cypherpunks' role in this dissemination of crypto takeover of the
workld is a good place to start that story. No, not the ones written in the early days to prime public interest, cloaked in libertarian camouflage of hollywoodish antiauthoritarianism. What could be informative are the stories about where the crypto-wizards are now employed. Steven Levy
might do an update, or a host of others who got a boost parlaying
the adventures of the crypto-rebels -- which hooked me via
Levy's NY Times mag piece in 1994.
How public key crypto, for example, got a toehold on climbing out
of GCHQ's and NSA's clampdown. Serendipitous research, says
the legend, perhaps aided with hints from the bowels of NSA, or
perhaps from elsewhere not yet revealed.
It wouldn't be the first time a long-running deception has been used
to encourage trust in reputedly impregnable systems.
Is NSA regularly cracking all encryption or not, whether or with a
foolproof algorithmic tool (again and again discounted by the best
and brightest of the cryptographers) is that what the Times
will not write about. Or via exploitation of faulty implementation.
There are regular calls to trust no infosec system that is not continually
monitored by experts. A lesson taught by the government pros as well.
Who watches who in this backscratch is not well covered, at least
outside classified gatherings -- not that crypto contractors are now
regular participants in these, having embraced NDAs as a way
of survival, and golden opportunity. 9/11 has lifted many small boats
in commerce and education and NGOs.
How many crypto-rebels been brought in from the cold to demonstrate
implementation vulnerabilities absolutely controlled by NDAs. That, too,
would not be the first time. Screaming rebels oft reap the benefits of
calling attention to themselves. Those that somehow never go to
jail and accuse those who do of being bumbling idiots.
There was also discussion years back about who were the most
likely coverts on cpunks. The rubric was that it didn't matter, even
narcs were welcome for mathematics would defeat their bosses.
Impregnable mathematics gradually withered as a protective
rationale with the rise of the threat of faulty implementaion, black bag jobs, keystroke loggers, insider betrayal, and the gamut
of traditional security failures, the very same ones used to build
and maintain the most gigantic expensive national defense system
ever, with plenty of contracts to recruit whoever disagreed, well,
disagreed enough to get a special invitation or a hint about how
to build a superduper security method.
Security pros claim you can't be too paranoid, that 100% security is
impossible, that, to be sure, is likely to boost demand for their protection racket. Religious faiths have become wealthy preaching that, some
even killing infidels to protect market share.

@_date: 2005-12-22 14:33:46
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] US CODE: Title 50,1811. Authorization during time   
m>
NSA may claim to use AES256 for classified material but we
don't really know if that is true for all material or only for selected
parts not needing the best protection the agency has. NSA has never been a proponent, at least not a practictioner, of open testing of crypto to assure security. They read those results, file them away and keep quiet about secret inventions.
No intel agency has ever disclosed its best stuff, and that is
true of most commercially valuable inventions. What you can
get is a retail version and a lot of hokum about how good
it is and how bad is that of the competition. You don't what's
true until a rogue employee breaks away to set a new shop
or to get a new paymaster to spread FUD.
Reverse engineering is a double-edged sword when you
don't know if the purloined product you're investigating was
deliberately lofted your way for "independent product
testing" in order to assay your own capabilities and stupidities.
The open competition for AES had a taint of that, and maybe
a couple of hundred cryptographers knew WTF was going on
and half of those were blinded by vanity and ignorance of "independence." The NDAs of participants sucked of "trust us."
But no official crypto system has ever been free of the odor of suspicion so common are cracks and betrayals as David Kahn
amply describes. Multiple layers of protection are presumably
used along with obscurity about what they are. Relying on a
single crypto system for protection is surely insufficient -- but
it does nicely ID itself for scrutiny. End to end is singularly
noticeable. Indeed, it should be assumed that any openly discussed infosec system is subject to attacks not made public, particular those
which are successful, which no doubt is why NSA does not openly discuss its prowess beyond a few public utterances that are hardly revealing even to infosec connoisseurs. Like the vapidities General Hayden is oozing these days to dull the perceptions of journalists and
snoozers on the Hill.
To be sure it is likely Hayden knows not much more than he is briefed to know by the crypto and cracking wizards who have always danced circles around DIRNSAs bemedaled up the kazoo to flummox the fleecers.
Bobby Ray Inman may have got a little inside the dark box, but none of the others knew any more than they were allowed to know, and much
less after the Church hearings.
Anybody heard a peep about the current NSA dustup from cpunk's old crypto control nemesis, ex-NSA Counsel Stewart Baker? His predecessor
was quoted but not him, and once he couldn't get enough face time.
Nearly all infosec standards for military use recommend and/or
require the use of tokens or other mechanical gadgets to backup
passwords and biometrics which are known to be vulnerable to
human weaknesses for sex, drugs, boss hatred and venality.
We finally shelled out a few bucks to buy the PGP version which
provides a token as a backup for passphrases. Haven't used it
yet but the regular alarms about crackability of passphrases
suggests there should be more than your too smart by half,
too lazy by whole, brain for protection. Settle down, Hettinga,
this is only directed at you, you running dog commie bastard.

@_date: 2005-12-30 19:55:59
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] more on AP Story Justice Dept.   
Keep in mind that NSA has always gathered data on US citizens in the
course of performing foreign intelligence but was heretofore supposed to filter rather than use it. What is different in the present case is that a decision was made to use the data, both newly gathered and likely that
which was stored unfilered for future mining.
What could come out of a DoJ probe is exactly who implemented that
decision and whether they were given exculpation, and if so, how was
that done and by whom. Did senior NSA officials get exculpation and
if so what precisely was it and did it differ from what those lower down
were given.
Further, members of the military performing NSA duites are given different exculpation than the civilians due to differing employment
and service regulations. A large percentage of interception operatives
are civilians, some former service members but far from all.
US civilian intelligence members -- State, FBI, DEA, and several other departments with intelligence duties -- are also involved in processing intercepted data and preparing it for distribution to NSA customers.
And there are foreign military members working at NSA as well as civilians -- and those are not only from UK, CA, AU and NZ but from
NATO and other treaty country participants. These foreign operatives are given instructions both by their own superiors and also by those from the US on how to handle intercepts of citizens from the countries who provide NSA operatives as well
as data gathered on US citizens.
There have been incidents reported of these foreign operatives
performing or processing intercepts forbidden to the US while sitting adjacent to the US operatives, with consequent disclosure. This
goes beyond the well-known US-UK backscratching.
Beyond orders to gather information on US citizens there is the
question of what was done to mine long-stored raw data which
has presumably been filtered. Recall NSA policy to never discard
any encrypted material gathered, none, forever. It is likely there
is voluminous material on US citizens stored and ready for
reassessment as needs be.
There have been numerous revelations of other countries storing
such data for decades, an example are the decades-long Stasi files obtained by the CIA from East Germany which the agency will still not
release. All countries with intelligence capabilities have such files.
And few are required to release them, such as the UK and US sometimes
do for a small number.
The US is surely not alone in amassing huge new files as a result of
the terrorism intiative, for every time there is a war there is a surge
in spying across the board, at home and overseas. 9/11 was a godsend to the spying industry which was slowly withering with the winddown of the artificially-prolonged Cold War. To be sure
it has been immensely beneficial to the media industry, and a slew
of other boats lifted by the desire for more information, the dirtier
the better.
Nice to see ACLU put its Echelon Watch files back up. A while back we went looking for Echelon Watch files at ACLU and found a bunch of them through Google still on the ACLU website, but nary a link on the main pages.
Perhaps EPIC and others will also have a change of mind about Echelon after withdrawing material post-9/11.
The there's Bamford's admission that after being invited to NSA for
royal treatment and a classified briefing, he found the agency not
so monstrous. What he was briefed on cannot be revealed, apparently,
only that the place is honorably operated.
When David Kahn was doing research at NSA, he claims he refused to be suckered and tainted by being given access to classified material.
Big deceptions are often hidden by small ones delivered as exposes,
and those given access to secrets are customarily obliged to tell
only a sanitized version glossed with trust me the ex-trustworthy

@_date: 2006-08-06 16:23:51
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Important Notice 
And a means to verify the sign-off message is from Eric Cordian and not an MTM.
The Cordian persona is likely to be hijacked by the other alleged disputant or a party out to demolish the Cordian
Persistent identity is hard to prove especially for pseudo
but now that manufactured identities are commonplace
even encouraged to conceal real ones, it is increasingly
difficult to confirm who is who, perhaps impossible.
Which points to the impact on modern culture of the humongous growth of spies in the 20th century and thereafter, in which lying and deception and secrets withheld from the public are official policy of governments worldwide -- democratic as well as authoritarian, same same urgent
protection of the state especially from insider citizenry.
Commercial secrets are trivial by comparison to theft of
public authority by the spooks by way of the power of secrecy
and those who are induced to give them power to deceive and
withhold information about government operations without effective oversight and accountability.
The US Comptroller General spoke a few weeks ago about the
decline in government accountability and diminished service
to the public by elected officials since the nation was founded.
Original part-time office holders have been replaced by
full-time professionals with a decline in concern for the
public and rise in officials' self-interest. He said it is no longer possible to audit the Defense Department, and the spooks which constantly raise alarms to justify vast
defense spending, due to national security-overwrought
That citizens have to hide from government surveillance
is a consequence of unquestioned faith in the need for
national spying, a circular justification, and not unlike
how all tyrants hold power, whether political or theocratic.
Fundamentalist faith in the need for national security is
conspiracy mongering like that the US accuses its enemies of.
That the secretkeepers have so much to hide must mean they
are engaged in criminal activites, omerta.

@_date: 2006-02-06 11:54:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [Clips] Swiss Fight Against Tax Cheats Aids Singapore's   
Right, nobody can trace the funds movement for all transactions
are concealed by today's Crypto AG totally trustworthy
concealment. Wink.
Banks lie as a matter of policy no matter their location.
Capitalists know this and endorse the promulagation of
faith-based security to the yokels who rely upon public
media for information while they use other means to
hide their assets.
A means and method used by governments long before
the Swiss and the Singaporeans agreed to serve as
spin doctors for a small fee kiss and tell.
Stuff your mattress with plutonium, or what you swear
on a stack of Korans is PU, and peddle it to aspiring WMD strutters awash in oil booty. Inshallah.
WSJ is such a booster of illusionary wealth ops you'd
think they worked for both sides of Wall Street, the profiteers
and the regulators, criminals needing cops to keep property
values inflated and job security.

@_date: 2006-01-03 11:44:29
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: The NSA Program 
James Risen on the NSA "Program:"
Risen doesn't offer much new information in his book, out
today, but this is a handy summary of how the NSA siphons
data. The telecom and Internet giants are the ones to be hammered for secretly doing the dirty work against their
customers. He fingers the international telecom hubs in NYC through which NSA grabs most of the data purposely sent through them
to transoceanic cables worldwide. Hmm, the hubs on
the West Coast are not mentoned. Wonder if that traffic is
now redirected through New York too for easy watching.
There are six or so of the giant facilities in Manhattan, and
cable landings along Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island. Many
more along the New Jersey coast. Most of the cable landings
worldwide show up on nautical maps due to conflicts with
In 2002 Cryptome published eyeballs:
Downtown Manhattan Telephone Hubs
  US Transatlantic Cable Landings
     US Transpacific Cable Landings

@_date: 2006-01-05 18:35:34
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] The connection between NSA   
Yes, the telecomms have been betraying their customers since day one, and the ISPs are following that lead. Technology companies may begin
with pleasing their customers to get a foothold on the bigger market, then
when the big gov contracts start to come in, then to hell with the yokels.
And all plead there was no alternative, had to obey orders from the
government, meet obligations to stockholders, our competitors were doing it, and so on.
And you think the crypto companies and those peddling infosec services
are not doing that, not betting on their early reputation-building to see them
through suspicion they're doing what the big orgs are doing? Bullshit.
Where's the criticism not only of the old telecomm whores and new ISP
sluts but all the lesser known infosec rent-a-fucks eager to service
the homesec and counterterror acquisition johns, technologists obeying
the sales and financial wizards brought in to save the start-ups.
Yep, they accepted NDAs and secrecy agreements to get in on the
windfall. Hey, you got to eat, they say, then getting fatter, say hey,
you got to eat well so why not flummox the yokels with security scares
and warnings about suspecting all others except them.
That's the natsec way of doing business, now the infosec way, the
crypto way.
Backdoors, a little hole in the code, blow some smoke, blow some
sunshine, blame implementation, sloppy password selection, rail that
perfect security is impossible, what you need is 24x7 protection, so who will ever know but us experts, want a job, damn we're busy.
NSA is far from the only problem, nor the feds, nor the enemy, nor competitors, but perfect scapegoats from day one for all those
betraying their customers and believers.

@_date: 2006-01-05 19:24:05
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] more on AP Story Justice Dept.   
m>
It is likely that the threat of the Internet is what led NSA to broaden
its spying program, and what remains to be reported by the media.
Recall that Hayden was belly-aching about his threat during the
time leading up to 9/11, and the NSA Transition 2001 report to Bush
released by the National Security Archive on Friday states that
the Internet is the big threat, and that there was a need for
constant monitoring of the Net.
NSA was doing that well before 9/11 but was not admitting it,
not in public. Nor was it admitting the cooperation of the ISPs in
this effort.
Got to consider the AES initiative was a cooptation of the crypto
terrorists after GAK failed, or appeared to have failed: there were
a number of firms who jumped at the chance to build-in access,
using a slew of hoary arguments about lost passwords, disloyal
employees, corporate responsibility to control keys. And public key crypto has an odor that needs to be cleared of
NDA suspicion or abandoned as if Crypto AG.

@_date: 2006-01-07 10:41:12
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: [e-gold-list] Dr. Jackson - Business Week Article Response 
Excellent report, Bob, shows how to do business in the free market.
Kiss up to gov, kick down customers, while claiming to do the opposite, and apologizing, nay, crying, upon being outed, promising greater ratting in the future to save ass. Cowardly SOB, Dr. Jackson, a poster child for WSJ, Fortune, Business Week -- the latter really didn't go into what makes e-gold so different from its financial co-conspirators and ancestors. But then WSJ and Fortune never go that far either, merely exhibit periodic
excess as teasing crowd pleasers for what is not reported about
the criminal enterprise of, what's it called nowadays if not greed?
Ah, yes, Dr. Jackson says its trustworthy customer service, up to
a point of shit britches.

@_date: 2006-01-21 14:48:07
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Cringely bored by illegal NSA taps, doesn't think it   
Cringely and others of similar ostentatious shallow interest are following
the pattern of previous revelations about wiretapping in the national
"Not about me," is what they are saying, "so why should I care, and why is
everyone getting so worked up about stuff which has been long known."
And then take a whack at the latest source by claiming, "what fools
are they to not have known this stuff has been always with us."
This is a standard ploy for watering down revelations that cut to the
bone. Much used by intelligence agencies when caught with their
hands in the private affairs of those who fund their payrolls.
What is not usually admitted is what is different about the latest
revelation, as Cringely says, nothing new has been revealed. Here
he shows his own ignorance, and covers that up by reciting hoary
precedents that are indeed well known.
This pretense of knowledgeability sufficient to discount the latest
revelation of what has gone further than before is pure disinformation,
and is actually meant to save the reputation of the Cringelys for not
being able to distinguish what is new is what is old. There is also
the likelihood that this failure is deliberate, a practice of reputable
reporters gone stale and too lazy to dig beyond what their favorite
insiders tell them.
Reputations are traps, the more reputation the greater the trap.
Believe no spokesperson or reporter who speaks with authority
to compensate for telling the truth unvarnished.
To be sure, the NY Times has not yet told the full story of how
it came by the NSA poop, what has not yet been reported, what
leads were not pursued, who else the publisher and managing
editor met with besides Bush before and after the story was
And there remains a question about the credibility of the Times
for its pre-war reporting of inaccuracies, its early patriotic stance,
its being beat repeatedly on intelligence affairs and the Iraq war by Sy Hersh and other reporters not dominated by Wall Street and Still, until revealed otherwise, the current NY Times is not as
closely allied to national authority as it has been in the past, when
its reporters worked closely with intelligence agencies, its managing
editors were more often warhawks, and it treated independence of
journalists as grounds for dismissal.
The Times has a ways to go to get back to being a trustworthy
source on national security, and that is likely to require more independence than it can financially afford. A lesson the telecomms
would like to share: even as they whine about serving the demands
of the authorities, they are doing great selling global and domestic
services to their "tormentors." Having it both ways is the capitalist
agenda: publicly defying government, sucking its bountiful teats.
Google is a prime candidate for that, batteries of apologists ready
to spread the honest truth.

@_date: 2006-01-22 13:25:00
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Al Q's anonymous comms 
If it's done all by hand to hand that does leave a trail retraceable by close
analysis of human residue on the package(s). As well as bio-pinpoint those who need to be squeezed, one by one up the channel. To break that tracking or to at least hinder it, one or more "handoffs" needs to have been done by postal or some other non-specific human transition. And the serial container(s) would have needed to be sanitized or their outer covering removed without leaving detectable residue.
Presumably there will be broadcast a bit of disinfo about untraceability to gain time for the backtracking to occur. Perhaps being withheld for a
longer period to give the illusion backtracking is not possible. Then cometh the helldog UAVs, perhaps loaded with data to sniff the
backtrack , enhanced beyond the capability of bloodhounds.
Have there been reports on where the CIA or other operators of the UAVs
are located? How far away can they be and remain in control? Are they
located at the bases of the aircraft or some distance from the base, closer
to targets.
Are there on-site or nearby human spotters similar to forward controllers for artillery and aircraft? Or do other UAVs serve this role along with what
the attacking UAV reports about itself, subject to bragging about kills?

@_date: 2006-03-12 10:02:50
@_author: John Young 
@_subject: Justin Berry, Jimbo Wales, and Wikipedia 
We posted Eric's comments to Wikipedia, and four mintues later
they had been removed. We posted a Wiki comment at the Berry entry about Wikipeida's censorship of the item and a pointer to Cryptome's hosting of the comments, and that was censored five minutes later. So an entry about the censorship was added to Cryptome's entry on Wiki. Screen shots  of the process:
