
@_date: 2000-12-01 07:43:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Questions of size... 
Hang about!  No-one has shot at you, confiscated your computer, tried to
block or bomb your nodes, sued you, complained to any government officials about you, or written any nasty letters to your mother. All
that has happened is some complaints. You can carry on doing what you
want, if you want to put up with others having a lower opinion of you.
They can carry on doing what they want & if their opinion gets low
enough they can ignore you.
If anything this is evidence that anarchy does work, at least in the
limited-harm domain of a mailing list.
Any functioning political anarchy would have to have more local,
personal social sanctions on behaviour than an authoritarian  society,
not less. More one-to-one sanctions, peer-to-peer political interaction,
(RAH might have called it a geodesic political culture if he hadn't got
this strange Marxist idea that politics is just an emergent property of
economics :-)  A state society can rely  on one-to-many flows of
political or social pressure, the government & big business can deal
with people as the masses. A natural outgrowth of the one-to-many
techniques of cheap mass communications (OK, maybe Hettinga is  right
after all).  The cypherpunks list is a sandpit of many-to-many
communications, a realm in which anarchy is the natural, technologically
favoured, form of social control. And complaining about the behaviour of
others is exactly the sort of social control you'd expect to see
happening in an anarchy. Anarchy is a great way to organise mailing lists, peasant villages,  and
regular evenings at the pub.  Maybe it's a great way to organise
large-scale industrial societies as well, it remains to be seen. But
anarchy doesn't have to mean nobody tells you what to do - it just means
that no one person (natural person like a king, or corporate person,
like a state) tells everybody else what to do.  In anarchy everyone is
free to tell you what to do, and you are free to ignore them. Until you
piss them off once too often of course...
Ken Brown (wow! an on-topic post for once!)

@_date: 2000-12-05 10:33:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
And guess what? The UK government says they need to do this because the
US (among others) wants them to. Over the weekend proposals to enforce
data retention for 7 years were leaked to newspapers & civil liberties
groups here in Britain. Just in time for the annual Big Brother Awards
(   :-)
Your very own John Young has made the offending document available at
Of course it isn't official government policy. Oh no, just some paper
put out by a junior official. All very deniable. It is so *very*
offensive that even the Home Secretary will be able to to say that he
doesn't accept it - and then come out with something that, while not
quite that bad is still a lot worse than what we have now. And they will
say that our "European partners" want us to have such laws. And in
Germany they will say that the British want it... and in France they
will say that all of civilisation wants it...so a whole load of
diplomats will get together & make some treaty, more or less dictated to
them by the military.
of course the universal opinion here is that it is actually the
Americans - they pull the strings at GCHQ & this sort of policy in the
UK nearly always comes straight out of GCHQ.
Meanwhile, back in the corridors of power, the Data Protection law
(which tends to be administered by well-meaning mild lefties, as opposed
to the military who may be well-meaning but are almost by definition
right-wing authoritarians) now seems to require that you make personal
data, including logs, available to people who can be identified from
them. How about having to not only keep your Apache logs for 7 years but
also be prepared to search them at the request of anyone who might have
browsed your website?
The vile paper states:
3.2 INTERNATIONAL DIMENSION 3.2.1. We have strong partnerships with overseas colleagues and an
expectation exists that the UK will take a bold and strategic position
on data retention in order to continue to meet both domestic and
international obligations on organised crime. Elsewhere in Europe and in
the G8, countries are also concerned about the lack of clarity in law
and are advancing legislation to meet the needs of their Agencies. In
particular, Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands, Germany and the US have
taken steps towards a statutory framework. 3.2.2. A degree of international agreement on standards is important.
For example, in relation to telephone data, competition in the market
has led to "least cost routing". This involves calls being sent by the
cheapest route, taking advantage of reduced off-peak rates elsewhere in
the world. It has even become more economical to briefly route domestic
UK calls overseas. Similarly, in the case of computer viruses, these can
be transmitted around the world across any number of communications
networks and ISP servers. Progress towards standardisation is therefore
important both for domestic and international law enforcement activity. 3.2.3 CSPs consider it is important to harmonise UK legislation with
regulatory regimes elsewhere. If requirements are more
onerous in the UK than in other EU Member States, then the natural
reaction will be to relocate to the most favourable regime. The nascent
E-Commerce knowledge industries are highly mobile and the Industry would
anticipate an immediate response from UK CSPs to unfavourable conditions
here. CSPs are actively consulting their international counterparts on
this subject. ISPs in particular would support adopting an international
legislative framework provided it was on the basis of a level playing
field and would actively work on the formulation of an "Industry-wide
Code of Practice" to achieve that objective.

@_date: 2000-12-06 11:28:58
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Buying Mein Kampf via the Net 
The will read something like:
"What I possess belongs - in so far as it has any value - to the Party.
Should this no longer exist, to the State; should the State also be
destroyed, no further decision of mine is necessary. My paintings, in
the collections which I have bought in the course of years, have never
been collected for private purposes, but only for the extension of a
gallery in my home town of Linz on Donau.  It is my most sincere wish
that this bequest may be duly executed. I nominate as my Executor my
most faithful Party comrade, Martin Bormann "
Of course, when the testator, the witnesses & almost all their surviving
friends were dead, Martin Bormann was heading in the general dirction of
the nearest long-range U-boat & a significant fraction of the Red Army
was rolling down Unter den Linden in a very cross mood indeed; any
relationship between Hitler's will & what actually happened to his
possessions was pretty likely to be incidental & unplanned.

@_date: 2000-12-07 09:37:50
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: My plan to deal with subpoenas to testify 
[...] The part that lets taxi drivers write you a 25 dollar receipt for a 10
dollar journey.
[...]

@_date: 2000-12-07 09:43:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
I wonder what they think of Muslim women who go completely veiled? (I
don't know if you have any in Austin but there are quite a few in

@_date: 2000-12-07 15:28:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
No, just that you can't tell who is under the buibui by looking at the
video.

@_date: 2000-12-08 13:09:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
I manage to pay some US income tax (on some share dividends) without
ever having a US SSN. They seem happy not to identify you when they are
taking your money.  Funny that :-)
UK domestic bank accounts usually require some proof of id, though not
our equivalent of your SSN (The "national insurance number" - I suspect
most people don't know theirs, but it is printed on every payslip &
probably hard to keep secret). There is no official government id in UK,
except for passports which of course many people have not got. Banks are very keen on proof of address, they ask to see "official"
letters (like the gas bill - or an account from another bank) addressed
to your name at your house. In fact it is all but impossible to get a
bank account without a permanent address. As these days many employers
only pay wages through bank accounts... well, that's just one of the
reasons the number of homeless people in London went steadily up during
the 1980s & early 1990s when employment and prosperity were increasing &
the value of welfare benefits was falling.

@_date: 2000-12-08 13:38:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: 
In every office or factory I've ever been in, including government ones
where we kept paper copies of tax returns (yes folks, I have worked for
the Inland Revenue) there are cleaners. They seem to come in 3 kinds -
middle-aged black women, African students working their way through
college, and people with vaguely asiatic features who sound as if they
are speaking Portuguese. (Sometimes you get a few white students working
their way through college but they are more likely to get jobs in bars)
If I wanted to hire spies or assassins, I'd go for the middle-aged black
women. Preferably short and dumpy and shabbily dressed.  Someone who
looks like a granny. They can go anywhere, no-one ever stops them or
asks them who they are. An invisible woman to match Chesterton's
Invisible Man.

@_date: 2000-12-11 10:43:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Masks [was: Re: About 5yr. log retention] 
Not at all illegal over here in UK.  Banks & some other offices have
signs up requesting visitors to remove masks & especially motorbike
helmets.   Lots of cyclists wear little filter masks or bandanas round their mouths
- I suspect it is a style statement more than anything else. In London &
some northern cities it isn't at all rare to see Muslim women going
completely veiled (though the vast majority don't - it seems to be
cultural - some Arabs & East Africans go completely covered, a lot of
south Asians & also European Muslims wear headscarves, but don't
actually hide their faces. Turks almost never seem to wear veils but
then Turks seem to dress more or less the same as Western Europeans
these days, at least the ones from Istanbul & Cyprus do, who of course
are the vast majority of Turks we see in London (perhaps 5% of the
population of the area I live in), maybe things are differnt in
Anatolia) I wouldn't be at all surprised if there was a law that says the police
can tell you to take a mask off.

@_date: 2000-12-19 11:58:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Cost of California Liberalism 
But the Bush family is from Connecticut or somewhere. They *are*
Yankees.  Bush I never spoke with anything like a Texan voice & Bush II
has to try. Bill's parody is a parody of a parody of a Texan accent, not
a parody of a Texan accent.
When I worked in the Oil business some of my less sensitive English
colleagues sometimes tried to parody Texan accents. They always got it
very wrong - for example saying "Hooston" most Americans  would instead
of "Hyooston" as both we English and the Texans do (of course the name
is originally Scottish (a place near Glasgow) and in it's homeland is
"Hooston".) We find it hard to tell Southern US accents apart from each other and
(genuinely) hard to tell Southern white accents from
the sort of black voices Tim rips off so charmingly. When I actually
went to Houston I found out that a whole load of people I'd thought were
black on the 'phone turned out to be white, with various Southern
accents, and some people I'd imagined were white were in fact black, but
with middle-class northern college-educated voices.

@_date: 2000-12-22 11:10:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
Only an American could write this! You guys live in new houses, most of
you. Whoever the property developer was in my neighbourhood in London,
they probably died well before the first world war. And the company I
bought my flat from went into liquidation some years ago, with the
owners ending up in jail...
Anyway in practice, right now, even in America, most people don't live
in houses owned by property developers, and don't have the extensive set
of complex legal conditions imposed on them that your idea would
require. How does your "market-controlled anarchy" handle, say, building
development on flood plains?  A big political hot potato here at the moment, after our little brushes
with real weather in October, & I should think a bigger one for anyone
within 100 miles of the Mississippi and 40 feet of river level. I have no problem with the idea that someone who builds or buys in a
flood-risk area should bear the risk of flood damage to their own
property, which they probably got cheap because of the risk. (In the
October floods in England there was some prat on the TV going on about
how unlucky it was that the SAME PEOPLE got flooded out in Gloucester
this time round as did last time. I couldn't help humming that old
Sunday School song "The Wise Man built his house upon the rock... the
rain came down and the floods came up, the rain came down and the floods
came up...")
But, by building on floodplains, and even more by "improving" farmland
with drainage and dykes & bunds and various barriers to water flooding
the land - in other words by defending your own property against floods
- you make the floods more dangerous for others when they come. One of
the reasons that some of the floods were worse than expected this year
is that the water which used to spill onto seasonally flooded farmland
now is constrained to stay in the river and breaks its banks somewhere
So what do you do when the flood wipes out your house because some
farmer 20 miles away drained his own land, as he has every right to do?
Sue him? And if he can't afford it?  (which he can't of course if the
flood has just wiped out 3 streets of posh shops in a small city).
That's how things were run in London in the 18th century. It didn't work
very well. Which is whey they started paying for the fire brigade out of
tax. The problem is you don't want your *neighbour's* house to burn
down.Even if you really hate the neighbour, it is dangerous for you.

@_date: 2000-12-22 11:16:20
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
1 out of 10 for knowledge of history.
I promise not to  mention the witch hunts, or the French & Italian
massacres of Protestants, or the aftermath of the Wars of religion, or
the Thirty Year's War or Louis XIVs campaigns in Germany, or the Turkish
massacres in Bulgaria & Armenia, or the slave trade (which certainly
killed millions) or the Spanish persecution and expulsion of the Jews
(whoops, that *was* the Inquisition, you already got that one)  if you
can tell me why the Tsarist pogroms of the late 19th century & the Black
Hand were neither evil nor "mass produced".

@_date: 2000-12-22 18:04:00
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Copy protection of ordinary disk drives? 
Isn't the idea that you don't get to see the surface of the disk? The
copy protection is in the onboard circuitry.  The drive refuses to
return data from "unreadable" sectors/blocks, where readability depends
on a function of the  of the drive serial number, some sort of
certificate in the system request, and the relevant field in the media
key block.  For most people it wouldn't even have to be encrypted. They
aren't going to break the box open & put in their own chips, or take out
the platters & read them with their own probes.
This will presumably crash & burn in the market. As long as anyone sells
user-controllable disks, we will carry on buying them. It's not as if
IBM are the only manufacturers in the world.

@_date: 2000-11-01 09:48:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
The voters will be able to suss it out without a website.
In the last UK general election about a couple of million voters very
precisely voted either for whichever of the Labour (who won overall) or
Liberal (came 3rd) candidates was most likely to beat the Conservatives
(who were thereby hammered by the 1st-past-the post system). The
Liberals (as usual) were bleating about having a chance to get into
power, but in practice (as usual) they were used as a protest vote by
those who couldn't bring themselves to vote Tory.
The same has, I suspect, been true of 3rd parties in the USA. You can't
judge their strength by their vote because many of their votes because
they are nearly always a vote *against* whoever seems most likely to get
in. And because genuine supporters, knowing their preferred candidate
won't get in, may pragmatically vote for the contender they consider
least damaging. As Tim pointed out the other day. We're not doing this
for fun. If there is a chance of getting someone in who will do less
real damage, vote for them. In the absence of revolution, amelioration
at least ameliorates.
But on the bright side - even without websites or any other visible
vote-trading, enough people knew who to vote for to get the Tories out.
The electorate *were* paying attention. In Brighton (my home town) all 3
seats went Labour because people knew they were the strongest non-Tory
party (even Hove which had long had a reputation as one of the most
conservative places in the country) - the Liberal vote hardly existed.
In Lewes, only 8 miles away, enough people voted Liberal to get the
Tories out & the Labour vote collapsed. Of course most oy you Americans probably won't think that electing a
Labour government is a good idea - but that isn't the immediate point.
The pleasantly surprising thing is that so many people were aware of the
numbers and cast their vote accordingly. They *weren't* just listening
to the TV or the parties.  They thought about it and cast their vote
intelligently in what they saw to be their own interests (in this case
revenge on the party of Margaret Thatcher, easily the most hated British
politician of the 20th century).

@_date: 2000-11-01 10:22:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: (no subject) 
You need the following ingredients:
a) One (1) human being with an at least average IQ
b) One (1) public library (an ordinary school library would do)
c) One (1) hardware store or garden centre or any other source of
chemicals in kilogram quantities
d) One (1) ordinary garage or workshop with basic DIY tools & materials
Mix (a) & (b) together for as long as it takes to get a human being with
science and/or technology education to at least high-school level. Then add (c) and (d) and stand well back.

@_date: 2000-11-02 11:36:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: any good idea? 
This is not a very good place to ask these sort of questions  because
(a) the list is meant to be about the use and  politics and economics of
crypto-technology (b) loads of people and (c) well... I could tell you
half a dozen ways but I would be making it up and you ought not to trust
me. There are mailing lists and newsgroups more directly about the
details of cryptography.
Check out some maths books in a library. Or try to find a copy of Bruce
Schneier's Applied Cryptography book. Or use your search engine of
choice to find web pages discussing "hashing algorithms", "checksums",
"authentication",  & the like.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2000-11-02 11:40:45
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: 
OK, I made 128 for you:
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel
sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel sampel

@_date: 2000-11-04 09:43:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Tim May's anti-semitic rants 
And happens to describe the real situation for most people in the world,
most of the time. Criticise the British government all you want in front of me. I'll
happily agree that they are better than three-quarters of the
governments in the world - for that matter better than the last 50 years
of government in the UK - but that doesn't  mean that they have got it
anywhere near right or that I support most of what they do. I might
*vote* for them but that  might be  mainly to keep the other lot out. I
might even be a member of the same political party as the government -
but that cold be for quite other reasons. But I don't personally
identify with them in any way. Your criticism of them is unlikely to
upset, worry, or offend me. (& even if it did that's no reason for you
not to make it)

@_date: 2000-11-08 06:31:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Well, that's over. Heads up, America! 
OK you folks on the downwind side of the Atlantic, now your election is
over (even if you won't know the result for 3 weeks yet), can you take
your weather back?  We've had a month of egregious  rain and floods over
here and I'm sure it has to be your fault somehow. 5 tornadoes in Sussex
(my home county) one of them even killed people. These things just don't
happen in England. It must be the Americans fault. Somehow. It wasn't
like this in my day...
What did happen to Jim Bell? Just a search or worse? You were all
posting about it then got side-tracked into polling hours. Did he phone
Declan? Ken Brown As a foreigner (from your USan POV) far be it from me to try to make any
suggestions about your internal politics but I never was any good at
temptation so...
if the recount (surely there has to be one?) & postal votes in Florida
go Bush's way you may have removed the last obstacle to Hillary becoming
president or VP next time round :-)
You guys have political dynasties now. Like they do in India and places
like that. (Was Gore Vidal named for Al's grandad?) Chelsea vs. Jeb
junior in 2020?
And why are both presidential candidates such bores?
The received wisdom is that politics at that level is all about
advertising, TV, good looks, soundbites and star quality.   Doesn't this
contest disprove that? Both main candidates look really, really boring
on TV (though George W "Too many of our imports come from overseas" Bush
sometimes says some amusingly stupid-sounding things. But then so did
General Haig :-(
Thinking over the men who you've had as president in my
TV-watching-lifetime, only two (Kennedy & Clinton) had anything
approaching "star quality" on TV. Ford, the older Bush & Carter came
over as pretty normal (dull in one case, likeable in the others),
Johnson sort of weird, and Nixon actually repulsive. Some Americans tell
me that Reagan played well on TV but to us Europeans that just goes to
show how strange Americans can be.  Over here, he looked scary. Of
course I've no idea what any of these people are like in real life -
just how they seem through the media.
Same goes with knobs on for our UK Prime Ministers. Only the present
incumbent & Harold Macmillan (who you guys will never have heard of)
could have been called good-looking,  & MacMillan was past it by the
time he got to be PM.  Wilson, Heath, Callaghan, Major - none of them
were ever going to get to be a chat show host.  Thatcher was  (& is)
almost universally hated, even by those who voted for her. Maybe that is why most of your states voted dam near 50-50 for each
candidate.  Same policies on most things that count, and where they
differ nobody believes them anyway. (Is Bush really saying, as his Tory
acolytes over here in Britain are, that you can cut taxes *and* increase
pubic spending? Does anyone take that seriously enough to factor it in
to their voting behaviour?). And neither of them comes over as more than
a worthy 3rd-generation public servant. (What we call "the Great and the
Good" - the sort of people that get appointed onto commissions and
boards and inquiries)  With nothing to choose between them, votes just
came out at random.
Certainly that is how Labour got in in UK. Everyone hated the Tories.
Labour promised - in writing - to carry on Tory policies on most things
(they even adopted the Tory budget for 2 years). So the only issue was
that Labour looked like the nice guys. Landslide.

@_date: 2000-11-10 07:18:15
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: geezers and ballots 
The same error would send Browne votes to the Socialist candidate. The
hole for Buchanan/Foster is immediately to the right of the word
"Democratic" (or the line just above it).  The hole for
McReynolds/Hollis is immediately to the right of the word "Libertarian"
Ken Brown

@_date: 2000-11-10 11:34:17
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Peter has the truth of it. Jeremy  - or what's left of him - is in a
fridge-sized box only a couple of hundred metres from where I am now, in
a sort of lobby or wide corridor. Usually closed but there is a window,
and I have seen it opened sometimes (for some reason this is more likely
on the way back from the bar..)  His head is on top of the body these
days and he is wearing a hat. You can just about see him (or his box,
anyway) from the street if you look through one of the doors to UCL and
crane your neck a lot.  Or you can walk right in to UCL.
Ken

@_date: 2000-11-10 12:38:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
[... quite a lot snipped...]
This is almost an argument *for* re-running the election. If the Palm
Beach (or whatever the place is called) voters tip the balance to either
Gore or Bush can they in any real sense be said to have decided the
election? Their votes still won't count for any more than any other
citizen of Florida. ISTM that the real reason for avoiding a re-vote is is the practicality
of it. All that money, media attention and lawyerage will be focussed on
a small group of people, as Tim points out later:
[...more snips...]
But are there no rules in Florida allowing for a re-vote? If there
really are 19,000 spoiled papers from once county, that sounds "massive"
to me. It may not be fraud - the fools who designed the papers probably
thought they were doing right - but it has the same effect.
When did they make you a Florida judge?   (About the same time they made
me an expert on the laws of a state I've never visited & know nothing
about I suppose...)
Ken Brown (unfortunately a fan of elections and constitutions)

@_date: 2000-11-10 12:50:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
IANAL nor even a USAn but I think your constitution says that the
President is chosen by the electoral college. They can - and I assume
will - choose a President with or without the representatives of
Florida. The legal issue is between the people of Florida (some of who
claim to have been disenfranchised) and their state government. If it
isn't settled, the rest of the USA will choose the President & some
Floridans will get very cross. You can find copies of your country's
constitution online, if you aren't near a library.
I'm sure it would, but it is hard to imagine them doing it.
The issue is resolved when the EC choose the new President.  Eh? Was this pasted in from another topic? How does this "distract the
military"? If they are like any other countries military they will be
quite happy to get on with their own agenda. Do you think that the
government of China really cares a dam who you elect as President?  Or
that "global terrorism" will increase because policy-making in
Washington is slowed down? Or even that policy-making in Washington will
be slowed down. You have lots and lots of civil servants over there who
will carry on in their jobs with or without t
And when was the last time there was a "clear foreign policy" anyway?
Ken, confused.

@_date: 2000-11-13 11:28:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Late-postmarked ballots from ZOG-occupied Palestine 
When I was listening to the news last Tuesday it took me a while to
realise that this *wasn;'t* the case. It seems so sort of obvious you'd
think it would have been adopted years ago.
Back in the 1940s and 50s bookies in England used to take bets on
photofinishes. One man made himself a fortune, by always standing
exactly on the finish line waiting for a photo-finishs in which the
horse farthest from him had crossed the line first. The bookies stopped
taking his bets.
In UK (for what its worth) postal votes have to be in by a fixed date
that is up to a week before the election day. They are opened in the
presence of the candidate (or their agent), counted, then the returning
officer and the agents agree on the total, fill in a form, sign it,  and
the ballot papers and the forms are sealed (hey, a protocol! Almost
Spoiled ballots are also handled by the candidates agents on the night
of the election.  They stand across the tables from where the votes are
being counted (hand counting of course, none of your new-fangled stuff)
and are allowed to look but not touch. Any dubious papers are discussed.
Usually you manage to agree on how to count them.

@_date: 2000-11-13 16:58:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
It is if I have a vague idea how big a county is. If a state the size of
Florida has 60-ish counties I would be surprised if many of them had
populations much over about million or less than 100,000 if the counties
were reasonably randomly populated (if there has been an attempt to
equalise the populations then even more so)
Also, from years of political hackery & hanging around in elections, I
know that over here spoiled votes are rarely as much as 1% of the total.
So we have 3 possibilities - Palm Beach County is unusually large,
Floridan voters are stupider than voters in London, or something went
unusually wrong in that county. Assuming the county is the one described at
 then it is quite large. You'd have to
compare it to other counties to see if it was worse.  Still could be a sign that something is badly wrong. Just because the
last election was a shambles there as well doesn't meant that this one
should have been. If there is a problem it ought to be fixed.
Just goes to show that officials of more than one political party can be
stupid (does that surprise you?)  The citizens of Palm Beach (or
wherever) have, under you constitution & the laws of Florida a right to
vote in fair elections.  (Over here in Britain we always sort of assume
that US elections are corrupt anyway, especially in the South :-) Obviously,  the only reason this is being talked about at all by anyone
more than thirty miles from Lake Okechobee is because of the close-run
Presidential election. That is what brought the (possibly) messy state
of the election in Florida to light. Some Floridans wanted recounts, or
possibly even recounts. The chances are they wouldn't have bothered if
it hadn't been for the presidential problem. Are you saying that they
mustn't use their rights under local, Floridan, law because it delays
the appointment of the electoral college and further confuses the
presidential race? That local law and due process be suspended for the
convenience of the Federal system?

@_date: 2000-11-13 18:42:18
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Augusto Jun Devegili replied to Tim May:
I think I have to agree with Tim here. That blind-sign-sign-blind-vote
protocol might be wonderful but is not going to be accepted by the
average voter. Or even the brainiest. And us non-individualistic Brits are so non-paranoid that we still won't
accept voting machines or mechanical counting. All done by crosses on
the paper, counted by hand, with the candidates in the room watching the
counters. Which is the best defence against fraud. Everything is
literally out in the open, on big tables, with the candidates there, and
paranoid card-player rules - all boxes sealed at the polling station and
opened again at the count before witnesses, no-one except the counters &
Returning Officer (a sort of election supervisor) to physically touch
the ballots,  no hands under the table, the counters can't even wear
jackets in some places. It works.

@_date: 2000-11-13 18:43:58
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Stop sending me these emails 
Yes. Whoever subscribed you to the list. It isn't a "site" it is a
mailing list.

@_date: 2000-11-14 10:20:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
But maybe to redraw the boundaries. That's a common problem in Britain.
Every now and again some government (almost always Conservative, for
reasons to do with gerrymandering I suspect) gets it into its head that
it would be a Good Thing if counties were more or less the same size so
tried to amalgamate smaller ones and split larger ones and "rationalize"
Also, I know that smaller cities in the USA often split themselves away
from larger ones and I don't know that counties don't. I've been to
Bellaire, Texas...
There were bad cases of redrawing boundaries in the UK in the 1960s, 70s & 80s. Lancashire, which once upon a time had a population about the
size of Denmark or Belgium lost Liverpool and Manchester and large
chunks of the north-west coast. Totally new counties which no-one had
ever heard of before, such as Cleveland and Humberside were invented.
"County Boroughs" (i.e. a town or city which was its own county)  were
forcibly amalgamated into the counties surrounding them.  My own home
town, Brighton was forced to merge with East Sussex by the
Conservatives. At about the same time we lost our police force to the
Sussex police (for some reason the only thing the newspapers complained
about with losing the white helmets they used to wear - all the other
forces used blue or black) and our water supply (to enforced
privatisation). Most (but not all) of this sort of thing has been
changed back by the Labour government which is very slightly less
centralizing than the Tories were

@_date: 2000-11-14 10:25:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The Ant and the Grasshopper, Election Version 
0/10 for entomology. Locusts *are* grasshoppers :-)

@_date: 2000-11-14 10:40:41
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Neither George Bush nor Al Gore are actually standing for election in
Boca Raton. But there will be a rag-bag of supervisors and commissioners
and representatives and city and county and state officials of various
sorts. And these people can appoint agents to stand in for them at the
polls. Reasonably easy as long as it is in the open and sealed at all times.
People go in and out of the polling station all the time. And there will
be more than one official present. Again candidates and their agents
(local councillors, people like that) can (in this country) be present
at polling stations & they see people going in and out and can talk to
the officials (I've often done this - it can be very boring). That makes
it risky to do the stuffing. Where stuffing is easy is where the local political establishment is
entirely controlled by one party or faction. If the officials at the
polling stations & the police & the people doing th ecoutn are all on
the same side then a lot of the openness is lost of course. But the
chances are that those will be just the sort of places where votes won't
be close.
That's the hard part. Do you have to give id to vote? Here we don't, so
impersonation is possible. Rare I think (doing it enough times to
influence a nationwide, or even a city or county -wide election would be
risky) although it is rumoured to be traditional in parts of Northern
Ireland - from where it was rumoured to have been exported to parts of
north America :-)
I have to confesss that I  am fascinated with the mechanisms of
elections - well, I suppose some people are train spotters.

@_date: 2000-11-15 11:26:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
I was living in Kenya during a general election there about 20 years
ago. (I could have voted but chose not to, so Daniel Arap Moi got in
without any help from me :-) If I remember correctly there was some sort
of dye used.  The general atmosphere of that election was, of course,
very different from a British one (I've never been in the US at election
time). The police, who were supervising things, get a lot less respect
and a lot more fear than ours do.  And the voters were (in the district
I lived in) almost all poor farmers who would be very unlikely to sue,
or even complain loudly, at any apparent misbehaviour from a government
official.  No doubt if you tried the same trick in the US someone would
claim that the dye was carcinogenic, or that the blotchy colour had
caused them to look bad at an interview & lose the job or something.
Doesn't have to be "high-tech", ordinary Indian ink would do (IIRC that
is just a fine suspension of carbon in water & a little alcohol?).
Anything that glows in the dark will lead to accusations about cancer.
And yes, if there are any white supremacist tunnel-rats reading this
from a secret sheep farm somewhere in Idaho,  black dye does show up on
African skin, even on the back of the hand.   I can't think of anyone I
know or meet regularly whose skin is actually black in colour.

@_date: 2000-11-15 11:40:22
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Latest cryptome 
John Young exposes a fascinating bit of regulatory arbitrage at:
A Japanese company suing a Scotsman in California, for acts allegedly
committed in Scotland.
As the alleged fault consists of possessing software to read DVDs I
don't think very many cypherpunks will sympathise with the plaintiffs. But it is interesting that they claim that they have jurisdiction over
people in Scotland where AFAIK there is no criminal or civil law against
copying DVDs. I'm not completely sure about that - over here in
centralised, obedient, non-paranoid Britain, Scottish law is utterly
different from English & some things are illegal in one country that are
allowed in the other. FOr example in Scotland  children can sue their
parents for maintenance up to the age of 25 - now that *is* weird. Of course this is not the only high-profile case of regulatory arbitrage
involving Scottish law at the moment. There are those Libyans accused of
bombing the 'plane the blew up over Scotland who are being tried by a
Scottish court in the Netherlands, the place having been temporarily
re-classified as UK territory - they almost certainly could have been
tried in the US or a number of other places as well.
Maybe the California courts should take over supervision of Florida
elections next?

@_date: 2000-11-16 06:07:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA proctologists 
Current fuss over here on the downwind side of the Atlantic is the
Metropolitan police (i.e. local plod for all of greater London *except*
the City of London and some railway stations...) wanting permission to
hire convicted criminals.  The law prevents them hiring anyone with any
recorded conviction.
They say they can't get enough people at the moment, and as about 20% of
adult men have a criminal conviction they would like to treat each case
"on its merits", to increase the field of possible  recruits.
So they might, on a case-by-case basis, be willing to overlook "minor"
crimes, such as defaulting on tax, speeding, parking offences, minor
acts of vandalism or public disorder committed whilst a teenager,
possibly even single convictions for drug use if they were over ten
years ago.
Some disordered thoughts: - as driving kills ten to twenty times as many people as murder (in this
country, YMMV) I'm not sure speeding is a "minor" offence. - if the drugs & disorder offences are so "minor" why are they offences
anyway? Why do the police bother to arrest people for them? Why don't
they arresting genuinely dangerous people (like dangerous drivers :-)
- About a third of the population of inner London in the relevant age
group are black or Asian. Maybe ten percent are 1st or 2nd generation
Irish. All heavily under-represented in the police who have a bad
reputation for racism. Even if it is undeserved (I'm pretty bloody sure
it is largely deserved), if they are so short of recruits they should do
something serious about it.
- ditto their attitude to women
- and anyway, these governments have been forcing the ideology of the
Free Market down our throats for 25 years. If it is a Free Market and
they are short of workers they should put the wages up. All this palaver
is just a way to keep the wages down. Of course the wages are paid out
of taxes. So the question for the taxpayers is you say you want more
police (they always do, always, same as they say they want more TV
cameras) but if you really do are you prepared to pay for it?

@_date: 2000-11-16 11:02:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was 
You didn't even read the posting did you?
That isn't what he said at all.
He said that the problem with ALL use of computers (which for this
purpose include mobile phones, car locks, smart-cards, ATMs etc. etc.)
for authentication is the binding between the person & the system that
does the authentication. It doesn't matter a dam whether you use PKC,
DES or the Great Seal of the Holy Roman Empire. If the equipment isn't
tamper-proof, or if the signer doesn't understand how the process works
or if the software isn't provably valid, there can be a problem.

@_date: 2000-11-17 12:35:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida reject stats 
George at orwellian.org posted:
[...snip...] At last someone mentioned the numbers! I make that about 4.4% uncounted in Dade (top of the normal range I
guess), 6.4% in Palm Beach (bad) and 9.2% in Duval (pathetic). The
voters of those counties have every right to complain. Whether or not
that should effect the outcome of your nationwide election is, I
suppose, up to your constitution. (Of which my own limited
I-am-neither-a-lawyer-nor-an-American understanding agrees with  the
entity posting as "Jonathan"'s:

@_date: 2000-11-21 11:32:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  Florida Vote 
Posted without permission. You've probably seen it before & it probably
isn't funny but I'd been drinking beer when i saw it & I laughed:

@_date: 2000-11-23 16:05:53
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
I'm not so sure about this. I've taken part in political demonstrations against private companies &
I've worked in offices that were picketed or invaded by demonstrators. I've also worked in a building whose windows were broken by a bomb in
the street. The bomb wasn't directed against us, but against another
business on the other side of the street - the Harrods department store.
On another occasion Harrods was bombed in protest against their selling
fur. Farms that breed animals for experiments have been attacked and
there have been attempts on the lives of the managers and owners of such
places. Gates & Tesh may not do that but there are companies that have done -
and more importantly there are people who think that companies do behave
like that even if they don't. Think of Shell in Nigeria. Or Harlan
County, Kentucky.
One of the things about AP is, if it works, millions of people with
untrue ideas can still get things done.
Anyway, the distinction between business and politics is less clear than
you make out - or seems less clear to many people in countries outside
America. In most places the government is in the pockets of the people
with the money - and in most places presidents and governors are quick
to join the ranks of the men with the money. Citizens of countries that
have experienced the rule of people like, say, Marcos, or Suharto, or
Kenyatta, aren't likely to believe that your American companies aren't
agents of the US government, and they aren't likely to believe that your
American politicians don't have interests in  the companies. What
happens if millions of people outside the US are pissed off (maybe for
no good reason) with the corporate leadership of Exxon or Coca-Cola or
Microsoft or MacDonalds? Maybe if only because they are pissed off with
the USA  and those companies stand for the USA in the minds of others (&
however wonderful your USA is someone, somewhere is going to be pissed
off with it). The only American politician millions of people have heard
of is the President (who is presumably reasonably well-defended).
Representatives of big companies make much more likely targets for
Anyway, big companies make big targets for some kinds of
revolutionaries, as do big fortunes. Some of them like killing the rich.
This already happens. Not a lot, but it happens. AP might make it more

@_date: 2000-11-27 09:23:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested documents online 
You might. It's not like that where I live. I don't think I'd ever seen
a handgun other than on TV until I was over 20, & that was in a foreign
country. I've still never held one. Shotguns yes, people kill birds with
them. Rifles - very occasionally with the military or armed police, but
most people don't live near military bases & most police don't carry
rifles in public. I doubt if I see more than one or two a year (*). Heck. I've had more to do with moonrock than revolvers.
Not everywhere is as gun-obsessed as the USA.
(Ducks & waits for flammage...)
Ken Brown
(*) Contrary to popular belief British police *do* use guns, quite a
lot, but they don't carry them openly (but check out the patrol cars), they tend to be rifles rather than handguns, they only issue them to
specially trained officers (about 1 in 5 in London I think, fewer in
other forces), & they always try to ensure that the "first contact" with
a suspect is an unarmed  police officer. If they think the suspect is
armed they tend to try to have a sniper out of sight. Fewer cops get
killed that way - 17 in the last 35 years I think. The USA can lose that
many in a bad summer.

@_date: 2000-11-27 17:44:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
Would AP be the main criminal use of robust crypto & Hettinga's pet
geodesic market?
If  there was widespread use of a truly anonymous, untraceable, reliable
way of sending large amounts of easily usable cash  to people with whom
one has no physical connection  (I mean every single one of those 7 or 8
qualifiers) what crime would flourish?
Murder? But there is plenty of that already. And it involves physical
contact  Even if most private individuals didn't follow the AP market
(were one to develop) you can bet that spooks and insurance companies
would (*) & likely victims would becme better defended.
Tax evasion? Of course. But in the hypothetical cryptocash future
everybody will be doing it. Income tax evasion will cease to be
considered a crime. States will move away from transaction taxes back to
property taxes (which they probably ought to do anyway, but haven't yet,
for obvious reasons).
Pornography? Already happening. But, it will probably become effectively
free, like all the other software. Not a huge profit to be made in the
long run, not when anywone will be able to download as much as they want
from anywhere.
Kidnapping? At the moment the weak point in a kidnapping is getting the
money in. You have to give away your location, and you have to pick up a
physical, traceable, object. If ransoms could be paid untraceably,
expect kidnappings to increase to Colombian levels world-wide.  Of
course the kidnappers need to establish a trust that the prisoner will
be released if the ransom is paid, but that is the way things are
already anyway - which is why reasonably large organisations, or ones
with some political credibility, specialise in it. You might not believe
a ransom demand from CMOT Dibbler Esquire, of Bread Lane, but you pay
attention if it was (digitally certifiably) from ETA or the provisional
IRA, or LTTE, or various Colombian herbal suppliers.
Ken (not happy with this idea at all...)
(*) talking of which, an opinion poll in the UK found that the thing
that most worried people about genetic technology was their insurance
companies getting hold of data on them. That scored lower down than
biological warfare - only 8% or respondents thought tht insurers should
have access to such information. I have no idea how slanted the question

@_date: 2000-11-27 18:03:58
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
If he is to bear a proper regnal number, surely he should be George III?
Succeeding, if I work it aright, Franklin II, Harold, Dwight, John IV,
Lyndon, Richard, Gerald, James VI, Ronald George II and William IV
Not that that invalidates your point.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2000-11-28 06:54:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Carnivore Probe Mollifies Some 
Of course if they leave the machine in the cage you can always stop
feeding it electricity. Or take it home to show the neighbours. It might
make a good conversation piece at dinner. Or maybe use it as an ashtray.

@_date: 2000-11-28 11:45:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Imagine 
Which is exactly what the current US situation looks like to most people
outside the US. It presumably seems different to the Americans
themselves (or at least the Republican voters amongst them), but to the
rest of us the whole thing cuts heavily at Bush's credibility

@_date: 2000-11-28 12:04:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Imagine 
And what's more some of these non-existent female professors even have
web pages.  Sorry.
If you've got to debunk a story, at least do the research.  (Economic History)
 (History)
I can find at least 2 (& possibly 4,  I'm not sure which names are
women) women with the title "Prof.".
Anyway, in the US "professor" means just about any University teacher or
researcher. Here in the UK (& I think also in Sweden) it is either an
honorary title given to a small number of very senior people, or else
the head of a department (the word is used differently in different
institutions), or sometimes the holder of one of a small number of
prominent non-teaching posts. Uppsala has large numbers of female
"Doktorand", who I presume are what here in England we'd call
"lecturer." For most of the readers of this list, they would be
Ken (who can overhear some female history professors talking as he

@_date: 2000-11-29 10:27:38
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Imagine 
On the web pages I quoted in the posting you are replying to:
 (Economic History)
 (History)
we have references to  Prof Ragnhild Lundstrvm, who I assume from the
name is a woman. But, as I said, their are dozens of references to
other  female academics there who, to the Americans on the list) would
count as "professors". Heck, in France, schoolteachers can be called
Not that it matters because I doubt if anyone seriously thinks that that
spoof has been anywhere near either Uppsala or Zimbabwe. It is still
funny though.

@_date: 2000-11-29 14:18:36
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Survey meters. 
I was 99% sure that these posts were some sort of spam-scam, whose
purpose I didn't quite get.  (Am I falling for it by replying?)
And about 1% doubtful that it might be a genuine company who had somehow
been tricked into sending mail to toad. In which case, if you are
reading this, know that your mail got sent to an obsolete gateway to a
discussion list on the political and economic effects of new
communication technologies & cryptography and we don't now anything
about scintillation meters (I haven't used one since September). But what if, just what if, it is some crazy snoop trying to fish for
illegal arms dealers? Are they that crass? Are they that imaginative? Do
they really have that much time and money to play with? Are these the
sort of people who have been so successful in getting Iraq to disarm?
(if there are any intelligence agents reading this, that last bit was an
example of "irony". This paragraph is "sarcasm".   You need to know
about those things to decode communications between civilians. Look it
up in the handbook. It will be in the exam.)

@_date: 2000-11-30 06:14:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: online copy of Vinge's True Names 
Check the HTML source
The page contains the text of a story, but there are HTML errors that
prevent it being displayed on my browser)
Adding a  at the end fixes it.

@_date: 2000-11-30 10:30:31
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Authenticate the "adult field", go to jail... 
I'd like to see the cops trying to arrest the Bank of England.

@_date: 2000-11-30 10:59:59
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Sunders point on copyright infringement & HTML 
Like you can't cut & paste the URL?
Let's see how long this takes
Yep, 6 keystrokes to switch to the currently open web page, tab to the
top, cut the URL, jump back to here & paste it. Didn't even have to use
the mouse. And I'm only using Windoze.
(No, the URL  there isn't relevant to this thread, it just happened to
be on my Netscape at the time)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2000-11-30 11:28:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Sunders point on copyright infringement & HTML 
The following is the entire readable content of the mail I just
I am trying to look at it from Netscape though...
I can read it when I telnet into the email server & use the old Unix
Headers include:

@_date: 2000-10-03 13:02:12
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Shunning, lesbians and liberty 
Someone calling themselves James dribbled:
You really are a prat aren't you? So it is OK to be killed by a fascist bullet but not by a communist one?
There are a few million dead who would have been happy had they known
that before the likes of Pinochet or Franco murdered them. What a load of shit.  When someone kicks you in the face do you ask them
which cobbler made their shiny leather boot? This is just the typical
excuse of Americans who support totalitarian dictators like Pinochet and
his fellow murderers and want to sleep easy with themselves. You pretend
to be "libertarian" and in favour of freedom but what you really mean is
freedom for you and your friends to do as they like & the rest of us get
to live with, or under, your police and your armies.  You don't give a
damn about dictators or oppressors so long as they are your dictators
pissing out.
Why include the word "socialism"?  Almost without exception, war is
almost the only thing that ever caused a prolonged famine. The flavour
of dictatorship in power at the time has very little to do with it.
This being the Reaganite definition of "totalitarian" as "people who we
don't like"? How many years did you spend in the CIA then?
Yes, there is a distinction between "ordinary" dictatorships and the
sort of utterly over-the-top government that isn't so much trying to
rule a country as destroy it. Most dictatorships try to keep their
victims at least reasonably peaceful and prosperous, if only so the
rulers can carry on stealing from them (geese, golden eggs & all that). But a few seem to live to destroy. Some governments become
unsupportable, they either have to be fought against or you die. Romania
under Ceaucescu, anywhere under the Nazis, Pol Pot and his friends,
Stalin's times in Russia, the Taliban right now. In places like that the
government is in fact at war with the people.
I hope whenever you Americans see on the news what is going on in
Afghanistan you remember that your government paid for their weapons and
their training, that those guys were educated in US-run schools and
guerilla warfare training camps -  all because Reagan and Bush came out
with this shit about "totalitarian" being the only bad thing &
non-communists couldn't possibly be "totalitarian". Whatever the Taliban
were, they certainly weren't communists. So in goes the CIA, and the
money, and the guns, and look what came out. These aren't necessarily "socialist" or claiming to be socialist. In
fact "socialism" vs. "capitalism" is redundant in this context - they
are words that describe economic systems and places like that  are
beyond economics. When the rapist is in your bedroom you don't wonder
how he earns his living. When some Nazi gauleiter is turning your home
town into a death camp there is no point asking him his opinion on Value
Added Tax (or even anonymous internet bearer transactions.)
"Ordinary" dictatorships aren't necessarily anti-socialist either.  Most
people, most of the time, get on with their own lives under constant
interference and supervision by the government. You can get shot if you
criticise the government. You get very restricted freedom as to where
you can go to school, or live, or work. In other words just a more
extreme, or more obvious, case of the kind of things that go on in  any
government. Think of almost any South or Central American statelet
between the 1880s and the 1980s. (Although Paraguay in the 19th century
& some central American places in the 20th got pretty near being death
states), or almost any Middle Eastern country now (Iran is of course a
representative democracy, the only functioning one in the Middle East).
Cuba is by any sane standards an "ordinary" dictatorship   as were
Poland and Czechoslovakia before 1989.  Ditto Serbia, or Iraq. Even
Russia actually approached it in the 1960s & 70s, they cleaned up their
act a lot. Loads of them paid lip-service to socialism, but loads of
them claimed to be capitalist as well - like your CIA-inspired regimes
in Indonesia and Pakistan and the Philippines and Chile and Guatemala
and Nicaragua and Panama that you dropped like the smelly shit they were
as soon as you don't need them to scare the Russians any more.   And
most of these places were better off as soon as you Americans stopped
trying to enforce your favourite dictators on them in the name of
"freedom". Some of them even turned themselves into reasonable
facsimiles of democracies. Except for Pakistan of course. And their
Taliban puppets that developed a life of their own in Afghanistan. To lump all those places together as "socialist" on the basis of which
side they took (or were coerced into taking) in the squabble over spoils
between the victors  of WW2 (that we now call the "Cold War") is to
ignore reality in favour of ideology.  When someone is oppressing you
does it really matter whether he is doing it with Czech guns bought with
Russian money or British guns bought with  US money? (apart from the
fact that US money works a lot better than Russian)
Of course, I forget, to you and your fellow so-called "libertarians"
(why, oh why are so many of you so afraid of the word "anarchist"? (Tim
May excepted of course) Maybe because you aren't really anarchists, or
even libertarians. You don't want freedom for anyone except yourself and
the rest of us can put up with your jackbooted thugs), to you and your
fellow so-called "libertarians" words like "socialism" and "capitalism"
aren't words about economics at all, you use them as words of moral
approval or disapproval, you twist language away from meaning, these
words are no longer used to describe things but just to explain how you
feel about them, for you "socialism" just means "any government I don't
like" (& therefore for some of you "any government at all" - which of
course  would  make your original contention tautological) and "freedom"
means "any state of affairs that I like". Empty rhetoric. I much prefer Tim's rants. At least he is honest about
all this, and he has the decency to disassociate himself from some of
the evil nonsense that your government (and my government - this is not
an anti-American rant), have perpetrated over all these years.

@_date: 2000-10-03 14:54:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: A famine averted... 
Because markets have no interests, the participants in them do. The
argument is exactly the same as that advanced by biologists against the
idea of group selection.
NB in a real famine (as opposed to temporary shortages, which a place
like Belize can probably get through with less hassle than a richer more
efficient economy with all our "Just in Time" suppliers) food prices go
*down* at first... strange but true. It is due to farmers unloading
stock to get money in as quickly as they can.

@_date: 2000-10-03 14:59:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Niiice kitty.... 
The quote it attributed to Clive Ponting's book on Churchill. So all
anyone has to do is check that. Ponting is a reasonably well-known author it should be possible to find
the book and check page 132. Whether Ponting was telling the truth is
another matter - but he isn't Chomsky.  Nor is he a socialist of course. Chomsky is a left socialist anarchist
so JAD assumes that anything he says has to be a lie, with or without

@_date: 2000-10-04 09:33:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Or compressed, or a bitmap, or executable code, or coming from an EBCDIC
machine, or using a weird variant of Unicode that you weren't previously
aware of, or audio, or video...
Without a header at the front saying "This is PGP version such-and-such"
(or whatever other algorithm is used) there is no way to tell
well-encrypted text from some sorts of  compressed files.  That is part
of the point - if the encrypted text was obviously different from random
data the difference could contain clues.

@_date: 2000-10-04 09:48:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: A famine averted... 
Hang about!  You asked why sellers wanted to put prices up when they
thought a big storm was coming, when "the good of the market" might want
prices kept down (as the government tried to do).
I was pointing out that there is no "good of the market" in this context
at all, just the interests of the participants. If someone thinks they
can get more money by selling at a higher price, they probably will,
regardless of any concept they (or you) might ave of the interests of
the market as a whole. Not pseudo-economics at all.
Now you seem to be accusing me of saying what you said...

@_date: 2000-10-04 09:54:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A famine averted... 
Because they are afraid they will need to get out quickly so they want
to turn goods into money if they can.   Also there is the price-of-meat
effect which has often been observed in Africa, as much as 18 months
before a famine gets serious.  If people are running out of feed for
their livestock (for example in a drought)  they sell them rather than
watch them starve. So the price of meat goes down. This can also
temporarily depress the price of other food (which, of course, doesn't
help peasant farmers or nomads who graze their cattle).

@_date: 2000-10-06 08:19:35
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gores teens and drugs 
Just goes to show what a strange country you live in Tim! When the
16-year-old son of out Prime Minister over here was picked up by the
police pissed out of his head lying in his own vomit in Leicester Square
(USAns might think "Times Square"?) nobody seemed to mind much. It is
the kind of thing kids get up to.  In fact Blair's opinion poll ratings
went up, prompting the leader of the opposition Conservative party to
boast that he used to drink 14 pints a night when he was a teenager. But
nobody believed him and journalists dug up old acquaintances to claim
that he mostly drank fizzy pop. Which, for  a Yorkshireman, rates as an
insult. Anyone who remembers the old Monty Python "Four Yorkshiremen" sketch
will know exactly the sort of thing the Mekon (I can't actually remember
his name) was getting into. "When I were a lad..." (Oh yes I can,
William Hague. Not the most memorable of politicians)

@_date: 2000-10-09 10:15:40
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Internet bearer cryptography patent trusts (was Re:  Chaumian 
Might that not just be because the VCs have a different interest than
the inventors? Also, for the VC, the inventors & patent holders are (in
a sense) sitting tenants. They would prefer to get hold of the property
unencumbered.  OTOH, the inventor (who may well be distrustful or
ignorant of business) wants to be sure that whoever ends up running the
show remembers to pay them
Of course the lawyers will go for patenting because they get paid more
the more paperwork there is.

@_date: 2000-10-09 15:23:43
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Two UK news articles on censorship 
Crossposted without permission from
cyber-rights-UK at mail.cyber-rights.org
(originally posted by Yaman Akdeniz)
Web inventor denounces net censorship The Observer,
John Arlidge, media correspondent Sunday October 8, 2000 On the tenth anniversary of the creation of the internet, the British
scientist who invented the world wide web has called for the abolition of censorship online. As parents' groups and politicians press for new
ways to police websites, Tim Berners-Lee rejects censorship as
'horrific'. In an exclusive interview with The Observer , Berners-Lee
dismisses the recent outcry over paedophiles targeting youngsters in web
chatrooms, child pornography and fraud, and rejects calls for a 'net
regulator'. 'I know there are some very strong feelings but you can not
banish technology or regulate content. 'Regulation is censorship - one grown-up telling another what they can
and cannot do or see. For me, the idea is horrific. Universality is the
key. You must be able to represent anything on the web.' Illegal material - child pornography, 'video nasties' - should remain
illegal, but he insists 'the world is a diverse place and we should
trust people, not try to police them... There are many cultures and they
are continually changing. What somebody in Tennessee might think of as
reasonable when it comes to nudity is very different from what someone
in Finland might think. 'Two neighbours next door to each-other might have very different ideas.
So any attempt to make a global centralised standard is going to be
unbelievably contentious. You can't do that.' Instead of regulation it is up to parents to 'catch up' with the new e-
generation and teach youngsters how to use the web safely. Children are
at risk because they are 'technologically ahead of most grown-ups, who
have to ask the younger generation how to turn the thing on and get it
working. Adults are slower than children. They need to catch up so they
can teach their children what to see and what to avoid.' Ten years ago Berners-Lee wrote the electronic code that enables
computers across the world to 'talk' to each-other down a telephone
line. The internet was born and has grown from a single website to more
than 800,000,000 , with e-commerce, chatrooms and email transforming the
way we work, shop, do business, socialise and relax. The Manchester-born scientist has been hailed as 'the man who invented
the future'. A decade on he says we are still 'just scratching the
surface' of what the internet can do. 'The web is far from done. Just
imagine you were back in the Middle Ages and somebody asked "Given the
full impact that paper is going to have, where will we be?" That's where
we are.' He describes the future as 'the semantic web... a new, more powerful
interactive network that will
really enable e-commerce and industry to hum. But I don't want to say
more or everyone will jump on the bandwagon and that  will wreck it.' He says his creation is 'progressing remarkably well... it's neat. It is
an achievement of a group of people who had a twinkle in their eye about
a possible future. We should celebrate the fact that we can change the
world by creating a new social tool. It gives a great feeling of hope
that we can do it again.' Patrolling the internet
Alan Travis, 18 September, 2000, The Guardian
Extract from Bound and Gagged, published by Profile
The British government is preparing a legal framework to control what is
available on the web. In an
exclusive extract from his new book Bound and Gagged, the Guardian's
home affairs editor Alan Travis
argues that the trend is towards censorship rather than a libertarian
approach. Britain is on the verge of a new censorship debate, this time
over how to regulate the content of the web.
A communications white paper will be published this autumn which will
set the legal framework for
delivery of net to every home in Britain within the next four years
through the domestic digital
television as well as the home computer.
Tony Blair has already said he worries about the kind of information
that his three 'very
computer-literate' children, Euan, Nicky and Kathryn, can find on the
"We try to keep a careful watch on what our children are getting access
to on the internet. There are organisations that give advice to people,
but it's very difficult if the parents aren't around watching what is
going on. There are dangers. In the end I think it is more a matter for
parents than for governments. We can do what we can, but it is down to
parents," Blair has said.
For a politician this represents a very liberal stance compared with
America and Australia where
attempts to impose state regulation of the net have criminalised not
only porn sites but also those
which talk about safe sex and abortion as they curb offensive as well as
obscene sites.
The Home Office insists that it is possible to enforce the current
obscenity laws and ensure that "what is illegal offline is illegal
online". So far ministers have been content to leave it to the British
internet industry to develop its own self-regulation through the
Internet Watch Foundation - a body similar to the British Board of Film
The IWF is at the centre of a government-backed effort to make sure that what is illegal is not available through the main servers, such as AOL, Demon, BT internet and the others, and that includes race hate material as well as hardcore porn.
Those who back the development of the rating and filtering systems  that
are used argue that for the first time it will give each family -
rather  than the state - the power to decide what kind of material
should enter  their home. But critics fear that the "wish of the lazy
parent to allow unsupervised access to their children will reduce adult browsing to the level of suitability of a five year old." So far American and
Australian  politicians have not been able to resist the temptation.
Will British  ministers be any different?

@_date: 2000-10-13 16:14:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New OLD cryptograph patent for NSA 
I guess they wanted the patent for recognition. A sort of pat on the
back.  The government grants patents so I suppose they can grant themselves as
many as they like if it makes them feel good.  Rendering unto Caesar
what is Caesar's.
Whit Diffie gave an interesting talk about intellectual priority and
scholarly recognition at UCL over here a couple of years ago - of course
the spooks don't get any outside their own fences, the poor little
Ken Brown

@_date: 2000-10-16 15:40:06
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Two items, of varying relevance to the list 
But we're on the edge of a continent and we've absorbed more foreign
words than *you* :-)  How many languages are there where even a
well-educated person would only be expected to know about a quarter of
the words in the dictionary?  And even that means you are learning 10-20
words a day for your entire life.
In fact more than anybody & its being going on a long time.  Loads of
possible reasons (none of which are more than Just So Stories as far as
I know)
- way back when Christian missionaries turned up they adapted English
words  (same applies to German AFAIK) to describe specifically Christian
things.  Most European countries adapted the Latin or Greek rather than
inventing their own. So we have sets of words like easter/passiontide
rood/cross  atonement/reconciliation/redemption/salvation... loads of
words to mean the same, or similar things
- and later on there seemed to be a similar sharing of words between
English & Norse (& sometimes Dutch/Low German as well). So "ship",
"skiff" and "skip"  (in the sense of a large container) all survive, but
mean slightly different things. As do "shirt" and "skirt".
- then the famous layering of courtly Norman French on top of homely
English so that we got the only language that has different words for
dead animals and live
- The recent English habit of not changing foreign spellings, so you can
spot Latin, Greek, French etc. words in writing & preservbe a sense of
their differentness.  (slightly diluted in north America: sulphur/sulfur yacht/yaucht gaol/jail  (though in the UK we mostly write
"jail" these says) pyjama/pajama)
- but most of all the sense that it is bad style to use the same word
(except for little ones) more than once in a sentence. Does German do

@_date: 2000-10-17 14:43:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
And the NASA is the best funded and best equiped rocket-launching agency
in the world, and they also
have employed some of the smartest people in the world, but they can't
make a spaceship that will go faster than light.  Ot that could get
humans to Saturn and back anytime in the next 20 years. Smart people and large funding don't repeal the laws of nature.

@_date: 2000-10-18 12:20:12
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
The database exists but so far it is supposedly restricted to convicted
criminals (all nearly a million of them), and DNA collection is not
universal in criminal investigation in England. There is a move (which
will possibly fall foul of the new Human Rights laws) by some bits of
the Labour government to make it routine for people who are actually
arrested, but not for a trawl through random members of the public .
The opposition Conservative party says the proposals are too weak - they
want to give the police even more powers. Presumably they want everyone
on the database, convicted or not.
They seem proud of their database (you can even pay them to
"fingerprint" you) If they aren't keeping the DNA but just storing the results of the
"profile" in the database then the data will *not* be generally useful
for medical purposes. You have to know what you are looking for. If you
suspect that a particular allele makes a disease more likely you have to
look for that allele. The kind of stuff that is important here is the
SNP lists coming out of the HGP - which is why annotations to them are
getting bogged down in intellectual property squabbles between academics
& drug companies.
Also, as you pointed out, the UK National Health Service isn't an
insurance system. Of course that doesn't mean that the doctors wouldn't
be interested in DNA evidence for hereditary diseases or whatever. If
anything leaks might be the other way - law enforcement might want to
find confidential patient information from the NHS (which doesn't keep
centralised patient records, yet - there is an interminable thread about
this on the UKcrypto list which a few folks who are here  also read -
Ross Anderson has strong opinions on the competence of the NHS to keep
centralised confidential records)
A recent news item at
and some background:

@_date: 2000-10-18 16:17:44
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Biological weapons control act a case of Russell's Paradox? 
Cryptome has copies ( of a speech by an
elected US politician of some stripe about a proposed "Dangerous
Biological Agent and Toxin Control Act of 2000" who makes this point:
"Third, the legislation makes it unlawful to knowingly communicate
false, but believable information, concerning an activity which would
constitute a violation of this statute."
So is the sentence "This sentence is a violation of the Dangerous
Biological Agent and Toxin Control Act of 2000" true or false?

@_date: 2000-10-19 16:50:18
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
For values of "some" which are in the set of all nation-states known as
"Iceland".  There is a lot of controversy about it over there (see
various news reports in Scientific American, Nature, New Scientist  et.c
over the past couple of years). AFAIK it is going ahead.
The point about Iceland is that almost all the population is descended
from a comparatively small number of Norse (& even fewer Irish)
colonists in historical times & they keep good
births-marriages-and-deaths records. So their traditional genetics is
well-known & some quite deep family histories are retrievable. So the
DNA data can maybe be matched with that to produce lots of interesting
test cases about hereditary diseases.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2000-10-19 17:05:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
I think the doubling started way before that but most people didn't
notice. There was no sudden acceleration in the early 1990s, just a
continuous exponential curve, the number of networked computers tracking
the total number of computers (& slowly gaining on it - so that back in
the 1970s it was about 2 or 3 years behind, but by abut 1997/8 it had
caught up).
I remember reading a history of computing in the early 1970s (authors
named something like "Toothill and Hoillingsworth" IIRC)) that pointed
out that the total numbers of computers in the world was doubling every
18 months and had been since the things were invented. IIRC they said
that that obviously couldn't continue for much longer because if it did
by some date they gave in the 1980s there would be over a million
computers in the UK alone, & that was obviously absurd. Of course they
were bang on target :-)
Were we? Many of us were using IBM ATs or clones, which may have been
clunky machines, but were perfectly capable of doing networking -
remember the Netware explosion? PCs on every desk & all that?  And
people with both money and sense were on Macs (over here in UK they were
never cheap enough to be sensible home computing option for anyone other
than serious fans, I think the price point was different in the US).
Xerox kept on dragging us off to presentations about Star and Parc and
WIMPS and stuff. It worked, but it was too expensive. But PC clones &
Netware were cheap, as modems were getting cheaper.
Actually I was using 3-million-dollars a throw IBM mainframes myself &
they could network as well... but not many people had terminals at home

@_date: 2000-10-20 13:45:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
I'm taking a genetics course right now :-)
I think the point is that as they will have sequence data as well as
family history they can use them to validate each other.

@_date: 2000-10-23 13:12:50
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Nuclear waste 
Because (1) most of it (by bulk) isn't really that dangerous.  The environmental
damage done by the rockets would far, far, exceed any possible advantage
in getting it off the planet.
It is mostly consumables used in power-plants, labs, factories & so on.
I contributed a little myself a few weeks ago - some rubber gloves &
paper towels that had some really rather harmless scintillant spilled on
it. All sealed in special bags & sent off to be shut away somewhere for
a few years. Along with large amounts of lab coats, plastic bags, lunch
boxes, used injection needles... for stuff which was less radioactive
than the groundwater in Cornwall.
(2) most of it (by mass) is bloody heavy. Reinforced concrete, big metal
containers, submarines, the actual foundations of power stations. If
anyone was into putting that much mass into space we'd be on our way to
Mars by now.
(3) The small amount of stuff that really *is* dangerous  is dangerous
enough that it would be too risky putting it in a rocket.  What is the
success rate of unmanned launches? About 19/20?  Me, I'd favour subduction zones for the dangerous stuff.  Even deep
sedimentary rocks get eaten by bacteria sooner or later, so make sure
anything really hot is on the going-down side of the escalator.
But most of it just isn't nasty enough to be worth the bother.  I guess
most people don't have a sense of scale. If it says "nuclear waste" they
dredge up half-remembered sf stories &  think of two-headed lizards &
glowing blue wastelands...

@_date: 2000-10-25 16:21:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
This isn't really true.  The NHS tends to be quite good at big stuff,
serious interventions. The UK is also quite good for fixing small 1-off
problems (the poor wait in line, the less poor just pay same as anywhere
else). What it isn't so good at is chronic but not life-threatening
problems. In other words, just the ones "which curing will return a
person to productive labour". Of course these are also the exact same
health problems that private health insurance is worst at.
Dentistry in the UK is almost entirely private & sometimes used as an
example of why publicly provided healthcare is supposed to be better!
Except for the poorest, we pay for it out of our own pockets (as adults
anyway, there is a certain amount of public provision for children).
Same applies to opticians & so on. There are a lot of problems (particularly local ones in London because
nationally set budgets don't reflect the cost of provision here - the
district I'm in has over 20% shortfall in the number of nurses on the
staff because they aren't paid enough), but on the whole I think you'll
find few Brits who would give up the idea of the NHS.  After all we live
longer than you do, on average (assuming you are USAn), are slightly
poorer to start with & spend a *lot* less on healthcare per head, public
& private combined. In fact you spend almost as much on "socialised"
medicine as we do, far less cost-effectively.

@_date: 2000-10-30 14:15:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Mootos 
There has recently been some discussion on UKcrypto of a  hypothesised
eavesdropping-safe boot CD containing OS & necessary software to get
encrypted IP links to a (predetermined?)  safe site.
The "won't be able to import files" and so on sounds familiar from a
long time ago. Isn't this the case in the maximum implementation of the
old coloured book standards? (Too boring to look it up)
Also I'd like to see a "multi-platform CD that users boot from" that
would work with OC, Mac, Sun etc... first few lines:

@_date: 2000-09-20 11:35:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Asymmetrical spam again 
Listen carefully. I will say this only once. Well, twice actually
because the first attempt at posting this bounced.  All you say is true.
Moderated and closed lists are good ideas. Such good ideas that nearly
every mailing list in the world is closed and moderated. But maybe, just
maybe, there is some reason for an open, unmoderated list. Just one in
the whole world. This is that list.
Or maybe there are some loonies out there who for motives of
their own (that you might or might not approve of, as if they cared),
wish to read an open, unmoderated list.   These are those loonies.
If you don't like it, or them,  you can join another list. No-ones
stopping you. You can even make your own list if you want. It's like someone visits a farm and complains that the place is full of
animals... or a farmer visits the city and moans about all those
houses... Another good suggestion. So good I think someone made it back in about
1995 (or was it 1997?). Feel free to create such a list yourself, if you
want another one.

@_date: 2000-09-21 09:06:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
What's "pseudo-Brit" about that? I don't think I've called anyone  "Mr"
for about 25 years - it's you Americans who do that. And "Sir". Not part
of the language over here. Except for people in uniform. And I suppose
TV interviewers - but then they always sound pompous.
Anyway, when I was being a pompous arse at you a few years ago I think I
called you "Timmy" :-)

@_date: 2000-09-21 09:21:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re; cover your glass 
So they are going to make binoculars illegal in France? Or only cameras?
I carry a small pair of bins around most places I go. (Birdwatching,
honest guv). Should I wear armour if I go birding anywhere a French president is
likely to be?

@_date: 2000-09-21 09:51:40
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
I think you hit the nail on the head here. For most USAns these days the
word "socialism" doesn't really mean anything specific, it is just a
generalised insult (much the same as the way people on the left
sometimes use "Nazi" or "Fascist").
There were a few big rants on this topic a couple of years back...
has a rant about Rosa Luxemburg and various people redefining the word
"socialism" so that it included only ideas they didn't like & excluded
ones they did. It was a sort of reply to a thread started by Jim Choate: (archived at
which is exactly the sort of thinking that leads to what most  Europeans
call "socialism", but he got really cross when people used the S word
about him.
Yep. Who is this guy to say what "the morons" should or shouldn't have?
Maybe a supporter of the feudal system? Ken Brown
William Morris:
"... I pondered all these things, and how men fight and lose the battle, and the thing that they fought for comes about in spite of their defeat, and when it comes turns out not to be what they meant, and other men have to fight for what they meant under another name..." Henry Kuttner:
"'There will be chlorophyll spilled tonight,'
he mused, sprinting.  'That's the trouble with these
Aldebaranese, they're still vegetables at heart.  No
sense of ethics, merely tropisms.'"

@_date: 2000-09-22 14:23:18
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
The trouble with that use of the words (though it is the most common one
on this list I guess) is that it defines just about every nation-state
that ever existed as "fascist" including the so-called capitalist
countries:  "if you don't manage it the way they want they do take it
away" is more or less the situation in western Europe and North America
right now. (Can anyone say "consent order"?)
So we end up with words that don't really distinguish between the very
different situations of say, the USA, & the old USSR, & Spain under
Also of course most people who call themselves "socialists" (at least in
Western Europe) say they don't want centralised state control of
everything. You might say that socialism inevitably leads to an
authoritarian Russian-style state (though if you did you couldn't use
Russia as an example because it already had one of those before the
revolution) but that's a different argument - you would be saying that
all socialists are either deluded or lying, not (as you seem to be
saying at the moment) that all governments are socialists. Now lots of
socialists claim you can have socialism without authoritarian state -
though of course no-one has demonstrated that on a large scale yet & I
don't have a road map to get us from here to there.  But then, you can't
have capitalism (on a large scale) without some form of state either,
because it depends on ownership that is defined by laws backed up by the
threat of force.
It seems much easier to me to define socialism in opposition to
capitalism. So capitalism is just an economic condition in which the
suppliers of capital (banks, shareholders, landlords, governments,
whatever) control productive enterprises. And socialism is the condition
in which some other part of society controls enterprises - whether state
governments or local governments or direct democracy or some non-state
community or whatever.
Using this sort of definition, on a small scale, socialism and
capitalism are difficult to tell apart... a family-owned farm could
fairly be described as either (private ownership equals worker's control
if there are no landlords, shareholders, governments, or banks
involved). And the word "fascism" is best used to describe the sort of nationalist
authoritarian politics that went on in Italy and Spain in the 20th
century.  It could be compatible with either capitalism or (state)
socialism. A very interesting document, but not of any legal force in the 95% or
the world  outside the USA :-)

@_date: 2000-09-25 12:15:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New email could confound law enforcement 
So you avoid using an email server by... ...using an email server!
How clever.

@_date: 2000-09-25 17:09:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New email could confound law enforcement 
Or any other system. You can get smtp servers for windoze or anything
else.  Setting up peer-to-peer email between known hosts (even with
windows on them) is well possible & there are loads of programs out
there that do  it already. The program described seems to be some sort
of directory service - a sort of encrypted chat server that tells you if
your friends are online right now. And of course holds your mail when
they aren't. As you both need to be subscribers, I can't honestly see
the difference between using it and using one of the many existing
conferencing systems to send encrypted mail to other users of the same
system. (If AOL/Compu$serve have rules against using their system for
encrypted messages, I bet Cix or the Well don't, & even if they did
there are hundreds of little geeky servers or old BBs out there still,
or you could set up your own)
Well, you could write your own :-)  But I think you would be reinventing
the wheel.
You probably don't even need a plug-in. It should be possible to set up
a single-purpose server that does nothing but take mail from one address
& send it onto another, encrypted - in other words a crude remailer.
Then run that on your own computer (which could be Windows if you
wanted)  and set your Netscape (or whatever mail client you like) to use
your own machine as a server for outgoing mail. So you carry on using your mail client and it doesn't care that it has been told to use a
server on the same PC it is on. Then the server encrypts the message &
does a peer-to-peer connection with the other guy's server. I would
expect that some of the mail that comes onto this list originates like
that already.

@_date: 2000-09-26 18:23:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why Free Speech Matters 
Only 300 Km from Germany, in England, we never had any trouble with "legal access to nationalsocialist propaganda such as "Mein Kampf"". It
was available to me as a child, in my local (government-funded) library
& I managed to locate two copies within 10 minutes in the library of
this  University. My Dad (an anti-Nazi left-winger) had a copy. IIRC it
was the version published in English by the  anti-Nazi left-wing
publishing company, Gollancz (and yes, I think the founder was a Jew) on
the principle that people would be less likely to become Nazis if they
could actually read the stuff. It seemed to work. I don't think he ever
paid any royalties though.  I don't think we've all becopme Nazis yet.
Superiority? Inferiority rather Why would people who thought themselves
superior need to submit themselves to a leader?

@_date: 2000-09-27 13:49:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
Or hearing a scream from inside a building? Or *listening* for a scream
from inside a building?
Most people on this list will be angry at the police action because we
don't see any reason why growing hemp in your room should be a crime.
But the police in question do think it is a crime (or pretend to think
it is a crime because if they didn't they would lose their job). That's
got nothing to do with whether or not it is OK to look at someone's
house with a fancy camera.
If you, or the police, want to take photos of my house, go ahead. I
can't stop you. It's not invisible.  You can see it from the train
(though not from the street - which messes up parcel deliveries - some
of them  won't get out of their vans if they can't see the front
door...). It is painted yellow. Sometimes there are bright lights on.
Sometimes it gives off heat. What do I care? It isn't my heat any more -
I've just vented it into the atmosphere.  If I cared about it I guess
I'd get insulation. Or low-temperature lighting.
Talking of which there is a hydroponics shop about a mile from where I
live. I went in once. Usually gardening shops (like DIY shops) have a
mixture of older people & young couples starting out in  a new home. The
clientele here was strangely different...

@_date: 2000-09-29 15:56:33
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: pictures of Diana accident 
I am happy to send you every picture I have of the accident by
attachment to this mail. In fact every picture I have of every accident
in the entire history of accidents. Here they are:.
Don't they have public libraries in your country?

@_date: 2001-04-02 11:48:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: your mail 
You missed the main point. It's not that they can't tell you are there
from the picture, it is that they can't tell that you had any particular
association with the other guy. If you meet out by the 3rd oak from the
top of the wall in a Maine hayfield, it is obvious you met by
arrangement (unless of course you both live i Maine and are in the habit
of talking country walks). But if you are both on camera at the same
football game it shows nothing but that you are both watching football. You walk in, buy your ticket, stay for the whole game and walk out and
have done nothing out of the ordinary. Railway station even more so.
Anyone and everyone can have perfectly legitimate reasons to go there.
So you are on the photos? So what?

@_date: 2001-04-06 10:30:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Second Day 
"subpoena manager"? What in Tacoma is a "subpoena manager"? Do subpoenas
need managing? It sounds like they employ someone just to get sued.  Presumably that
means she is a PR clone or a lawyer. Why should a PR type know anything
about DNS & SMTP, any more than I (or Choate)  should be an expert on
the law?
If I was a grumpy judge and a company sent me a "subpoena manager" I
would be very tempted to send them right back & get someone who knew
what they are talking about.

@_date: 2001-04-09 11:16:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: international cypherpunk force 
There must be a big delay in the remailer. This is a week late. It
should have been the first of April. At the risk of taking things seriously which were meant as trolls -
If so-called cypherpunks (there is no movement) have any self-proclaimed
expertise it is in using computers for communications and cryptography.
I think that many governments already know how to do that. Two or three
of them are quite good at it. And what is this "track down" of which you speak? The US government (&
probably the Russian & the British as well, and I wouldn't put it past
the Indians or even the Chinese) probably know exactly where bin Laden
is this week. Everybody knows exactly where Milosevic is supposed to be
- in the best room in the best jail in Belgrade.  Cypherpunks (who
aren't a movement) write code (or once said they did). You're going to
get him out by your expert declarative coding techniques? And which side
are you on anyway? Why should someone,  just because they are a
cypherpunk, (Sorry, just because they think in a cypherpunkly way
sometimes - there are no such things as cypherpunks, there is no
movement) why should they want to track down bin Laden anyway? Maybe
some of them approve of rich businessmen who hole up in the hills
somewhere with a lot of guns and money, ignore the State, and plot
against the US government? Maybe some cypherpunks are Taliban,  maybe
some are nationalist Serbs, maybe some are loonies, maybe some just have
a fetish about guns & like to see them used (especially on someone
else). Why assume what side these guys are on?
Anyway, at least a few of you guys are anarchists. It is obviously an
appropriate thing for anarchists to be helping your government impose
their will on foreigners. It just goes with the territory, right? Famous supporters of neocolonialism, those anarchists.  Always putting
on uniforms and obeying orders and marching off to some foreign country
to napalm the natives. Pay no attention to the  wizard. It is the
anarchists behind the curtain who are really running the deal.
Ken Cypherpunks: there is no movement, as the Pope's friends said to

@_date: 2001-04-10 11:00:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: http://www.geocities.com/judgetanner 
And one of the worst bits of html I've seen in a long time:
href=file:////Vax/v/VAX_C/David/blah blah blah isn't exactly going to
rock the cyber-world
The few links that did work actually gave me a better impression of Mr.
Tanner than I had before.
A great name for a server though :   -
Yahoo/geoshitty strikes again.

@_date: 2001-04-11 10:35:17
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Fourth Day (fwd) 
Having been to MIT is evidence that someone is a threat? Knowing about
science is reason to suspect someone of crime?  All over the world geeks
& nerds and stereotyped sad men in short-sleeved shirts with pens in
their top pockets are trembling with glee. Hey, we're *dangerous* !
Someone takes us seriously! Federal agents are scared of us!  All those
long evenings of staying up late playing D&D and listening to "Bat out
of Hell" and watching Arnie videos and finally someone realises that we
are seriously scary! Hey, I was at the Durham University Botany department in the mid-1970s.
*And* I'm doing a course in microbiology right now.  Look on my lab
reports ye mighty, and despair!  Oh, and Mr. Agent, you wouldn't believe
what I know about degenerating gradient gel electrophoresis that you
don't. I've got an Eppendorf and I know how to use it!
Is this normal in US courts? Is it as biased and unfair as it sounds on
the face of it?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-04-12 09:49:15
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
The List with No Name, brought to you by Sergio Anonymous Leone, all the
way from Spaghetti Valley.

@_date: 2001-04-17 18:05:53
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "cypherpunks" [there is no movement] lose out to fear of crime? 
A quick Choating:
The burden of the article is a brief (& mildly inaccurate) account of
James Ellis & Whit Diffie & PKC, a complaint about the rise and rise of
TV (& other) monitoring of public places, and a rant about the UK's
absurd TV licencing system. It uses the word "cypherpunk" more than
"NO HIDING PLACE"
"Britain is now a surveillance state. The authorities may be prying into
your    'private' life this second. And in the electronic age, it is
much easier for  innocent people to be mistaken for criminals. Bryan
Appleyard investigates..."
"Since both the NSA and GCHQ are founded on the principle that they
should be able to read any communication anywhere in the world, this is
their worst nightmare. Since 1975 they have been battling to find ways
of ensuring they can still eavesdrop on anything. And, because Diffie's
trick was already out there among the nerds and hackers of the world,
this battle had to take place in public. Essentially, both the British
and American security services wanted copies of all keys to be lodged
with government agencies - so-called "key escrow" - or, as in the system
we now have in Britain, they wanted to be able to demand the surrender
of keys."
"But the libertarian nerds, known in this field as "cypherpunks", fought
back in the name of freedom from the all-seeing   eyes of Big Brother
government. In the United States they have had some success, thanks to
the native distrust of government; in Britain they have had almost
"After the collapse of communism in 1989, this issue became even more
urgent. The primary targets of the security services were no longer the
Soviets. Now they were organised criminals, drug traffickers and
terrorists. This meant they wanted to watch their own citizens rather
than just foreign spooks. The possibility of the high-tech,
constant-surveillance Big Brother state was threatening to become a
"Do we care? In Britain, apparently not."
[Perhaps odd that it turns up in the Sunday Times which hasnlt had much
of a reputation (dare I use that word, having never met the journalists
in the flesh?) for civil liberty campaigning for the last few years.
It's a Murdoch paper, Britain's best selling "serious" newspaper,
traditionally a little downmarket of it's more famous daily sister -
the  default weekend reading of 2-car, 2-parent mildly right-wing
Tory-voting suburban families. For a couple of decades it has been
leading the march of the Sunday papers away from campaigning journalism
and into vast piles of supplements and sections full of beautiful
photographs of sundried vegetables]

@_date: 2001-08-01 12:00:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Trying again...[jsimmons@transvirtual.com: [OT] DMCA loop hole] 
There was some discussion of this on the ukcrypto list recently, and,
IIRC, on Bugtraq.
I think the general feeling (with all the usual IANAL floods) was that
courts will set aside copyright for reasons of public policy. If your
copyright (which virus writers have automatically, just like any other
writers) is causing big pain to the courts, or police, or large
corporations, then the courts won't bend over backwards to enforce it.
(Maybe  the US-style libertarians here would find that a bad thing - if
they are consistent they ought not to approve of government agents
(courts) setting aside laws on private property in order to make their
own lives more convenient).
Also, even if someone did sue for violation of their copyright and win,
what damages would a virus writer expect? Courts won't restore criminal
profits - if you get caught stealing, even if you can sue the person who
stopped you for unlawful arrest or whatever you can't sue them for
damages because you didn't make a profit out of the theft. Also, it might be argued (in the unlikely event that a case ever got
that far) that quoting the whole of a virus for combating it was fair
How the DMCA affects this I don't know. It goes way beyond the
old-established ideas of copyright, and into the dodgy depths of trade
secrets. It is one thing to say "this is mine, you can't use it" and
quite another to say "this is mine, you aren't even allowed to know what
it is". By analogy with real property, copyright says you can't have a
party in my garden without my permission; DMCA says you can't even take
photos of my garden from next door if you need to stand on a stepladder
to do it. In fact it says you can't even own the stepladder. My guess, which you may put down to cynicism if you want, is that if
your name is Disney, or Murdoch,  or Turner, or Sony, or Warner, or EMI,
then the US courts will enforce your DMCA "rights". But if you happen to
be called "sub-tARyANyAN-c00l D00DZ", they probably won't. Between those
two extremes, it is likely to depend on your lawyers.

@_date: 2001-08-03 13:52:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: New (?) tric(k) for Internet Partitioning 
Let's get this straight.
The user pays the ISP.
The ISP pays the content providers, according to some deal they work out
between them. And they claim to have *patented* this not exactly earth-shattering and
not all new in the slightest idea? When are they going to sue the satellite TV providers?
This is just the same old big media company crap to try to take control
of the Net.  Some where in Stan Robinson's Red/Green/Blue Mars trilogy,
one of the Martian colonists says "We didn't come all this way just to
recreate Canada". Well *we* didn't come all this way just to recreate
cable TV.
Encryption, just like satellite TV, (supported in the USA by the
Dubiously Moral Corporations Act), the police and the courts will be the
agents of the content providers in defending their intellectual
This raises the idea of Singapore and other strong-censorship states
trying to stop *UN*encrypted net traffic at the border.
Only approved content providers (who pay their taxes) are to be allowed
to pass bits in front of the people's eyes. All ACPs will use approved
encryption techniques, and the data will have digital signatures
decryptable by Them (there is always a Them). They will take random
samples of packets from the datastream, any originating IP address found
to be sending significant numbers of unauthorised packets will be
blocked. So inbound traffic from MSN or Murdoch or whoever will be fine,
but traffic originating at an unapproved source will be filtered out
even if it is coming in through proxies, blacknets, mixmasters or
whatever, because sooner or later all those sites will be blocked.
The TV experience is the opposite of course. It is broadcast TV that is
tightly regulated by governments, satellite & cable get away with more. Different governments and corporations have different ideas as to what
is pukka. There was a time when Saudi Arabia would have blocked the BBC,
and Singapore and even Malaysia have fallen out with the Economist in
the past. (Actually the Economist has sometimes had a good laugh by
publishing pictures of their paper as censored by the Saudis)
So we have different kinds of protected digital signature, proclaiming
content to be suitable for Tennessee or Trincomalee.
The whole thing depends on strong encryption of course - but the ACPs
will have to use methods approved by both telecoms providers and
governments who will block anyone sending anything they don't recognise.
It is still the case that the Net depends on hardware run  by a
relatively small number of international telecoms providers who are by
their very nature hand-in-glove with government. They can't, AFAIK,
filter all packets, Echelon or no Echelon, but they could bar ISPs who
allowed naughty packets on (end of dial-up spam...)
In Singapore and China it would be simple government fiat. In the USA it
would be done by businesses who will say they are doing it to protect
their customers, or to defend themselves against civil law suits, or to
make their content internationally acceptable (there is going to be a
lot of money in the Chinese market).  But the end effect would be the
same - a closed-off pay-per-view child-friendly government-friendly
Rupert-Murdoch-friendly Cable-TV-alike Net carrying only DCMA-approved
corporately-signed encrypted packets. Free exchange of information might
take place within individual countries, or between subscribers to the
same ISP, but would tend to be blocked at national or corporate
I don't think it will happen.
If it does the cypherpunkly action will shift to Q-encryption, spoofing
origins and cloaking content, making your packets look like someone
else's from somewhere else.
Such things will get harder to implement the more international routes
there are and the more opportunities for routing around censorship-friendly states or telcos. Cable-laying ships are the
vanguard of freedom :-)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-08-07 12:42:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Voice crypto: the last crypto taboo 
You only say that because the CIA sheeple-control chip in your mobile
phone is filling your head with low-frequency sound waves tuned to resonate with your
skull and depress the thalamic activity thresholds.  Instantiate the
instauration of starium, Stalin.

@_date: 2001-08-09 12:13:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Making text difficult for OCR? 
Write by hand. Change your handwriting style part-way through.
The other option, which will take you *much*  longer to set up, is to
use contrasting colours of background and text, but make them change,
like those cards for detecting colour blindness. So the background would
be a smoothly changing mess of colours and the text would, in effect, be
a mask into a different smoothly changing mess of colours. If you
randomised it you could get stuff where the chance of suitable contrast
was high enough that enough text had a sharp enough edge to read, but
enough of it was blurred to cause confusion to OCR. Not to mention
migraines to humans.
If the colours were chosen carefully, off-the-shelf OCR would also be
confused because the contrast of the edges would be colour, not
intensity. OTOH it would be circumventable by enhancing colour contrast
then switching to monochrome & enhancing edges. Anything you can do in
10 minutes with Paint Shop Pro is probably doable by the Men In Black
sooner or later. To be honest, the whole thing is likely to be worth more as a tool for
generating retro-Op Art or Pop Art images.  Write the code & pray for a
revival of free festivals. For obfuscation, stick to handwriting. As an afterthought, the experts in this must be the people who print
banknotes. Real ones, I mean, not your boring US green ones that are all
the same size and colour so foreigners can't tell them apart and you
have to employ millions of Secret Service agents to stop forgers. I bet
the Bank of England go on about it on their website.
Ken Brown
pardon me for top-posting...

@_date: 2001-08-31 13:32:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
Having been on the Underground this morning, I think I agree with you!
Are we talking about the trains, the stations or the tunnels? Or the
upholstery in the trains? Or what turns up in the vacuum cleaners of the
overnight crew who fix them up after someone else has already removed
all the dead McCrap?
Maybe the Chinese Whispers have blown up a boring statistic into
something silly.
So it must be true then?
OTOH  I know people who have sampled the air in underground stations for
spores and bacteria so on.  There are a lot of odd organisms down there
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-08-31 15:41:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Tim May Question 
Which just goes to show that neither politics nor software are branches
of engineering.
If I was an Evil Exploitative Record Label and one artist was selling at ten times the rate of the other I'd put most of my marketing budget
behind the hits.
If I was a  publisher of fantasy fiction and I had Joanne Rowling or
Terry Pratchett on my list, and I was interested in nothing but making
lots of money, I'd push them rather than, say, John Crowley  or Tom Holt
(two of my favourite writers).
If I was managing a software development shop and one programmer was
producing better code faster than the others, I'd give them more jobs,
not less.
If I was interested in reading political comment I'd read the writer who
made most sense last time, not the ten who didn't.
Part of all this is rent. Part of it is that some people really are much
better at this stuff than others. Part of it is the mythical man-month.
And part of it is that some folk still just don't get it. I make no
comment about who gets it and who doesn't. Except that I deleted around
100 postings unread this morning & most of them came from entities
claiming names starting with "J".

@_date: 2001-08-31 16:07:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Nomen Nescio replied to Tim May:
You miss the point. All that is needed is for someone, somewhere, to
find these things desirable. It doesn't have to be you or me. We might
think they are immoral but that changes nothing in practice. Or do you
think that Muslims or Socialists or Greens or Zionists or the IRA or the
CIA or the ETA or Presbyterians or Monsanto or whoever *you* dislike
this week are incapable of choosing technology appropriate to their own
perception of their needs?
All true, they are shits. And violent, well-armed, cruel, frightened,
shits at that. But, in this context,  so what?
Said who? Actually he is a bit of a bogeyman & 90% of what he is accused
of is just US propaganda looking for a new enemy to justify the
continuation of cold-war military budgets - but there are other guys,
like the Taliban, who really are that  nasty - one of the endearingly
cute things about US politics is that you get collectively confused when
people don't like you so you assume they are being duped by evil
criminal masterminds, so you find it much easier to deal with the
concept of a Dark Lord in the East than you do with the idea that
millions of people actually hate and fear the USA for good reason. And
it was the US government that funded the Taliban to start with (with a
little help from their friends in Pakistan).
You aren't seeing the picture at all if you think anyone much here was
suggesting that you should support him.  All that is being proposed is
that people in that position really want the kind of technology we've
been talking about, some of them are able to pay for it, so the chances
are they are going to get it, and someone might make money out of it,
and that will fund further developments. You don't have to think that is
a *good* thing, you might think it is a very bad thing indeed, but you
do have to deal with it.

@_date: 2001-08-31 16:14:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
If it can be compromised by NSA looking at a beta, it can be compromised
by whoever the Chinese have doing this sort of thing. If it is safe
enough to use in a life-or-death situation AT ALL it is safe enough to
use if the NSA & uncle Tom Cobbley and all have the source code. If not,
not.

@_date: 2001-12-03 13:44:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Tim got it right here. The market value of anything is not a universally
agreed price, it is any price at which a buyer and a seller can agree to
do business.
All the discussion about certificates of speaking Navajo or whatever are
slightly beside the point. If personal reputation, as such, has a market
value it isn't the money you'd get by selling the reputation, because as
everyone else already pointed out, if you could sell it, it wouldn't
really be a reputation. The market value of a personal reputation is the
extra money you could get by selling something else, backed by that
That sort of reputation is used in real markets every day. I need to get
the hot water boiler in my flat fixed. I would be prepared to pay more
money to a plumber with whatever certificates of plumberhood plumbers
have than I would to someone I just happened to meet down the pub. I
might be happy to spend even more on someone who had done good work for
friends of mine. That sort of reputation has cash value.
It is even more important in pseudo-markets, like the ones in board
memberships of large corporations, or in public offices in the gift of
elected politicians. The kind of people who are called, in England, "The
Great and the Good" - an odd mixture of retired businessmen who have
made enough money, politicians who know they will never get to the top,
academics looking to increase their public profile, and the well-meaning
offspring of rich  and respectable families. Such people sit on
committees, and boards, and commissions, and inquiries, they run charities, and schools, and hospitals, and can make a career out of
nothing but reputation. Famous for not even being famous any more. Over
here in Britain we get them worse than  you Americans do do (though you
get them pretty bad, if the list of achievements of the board members of
a couple of US companies I have shares in is anything to go by) - we
have institutonalised it as the House of Lords. Yuck.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-03 14:27:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Viridian Note 00283:  Geeks and Spooks (fwd) 
Eugene Leitl forwarded:
[...big article snipped...]
Yee-hah! The most poly-on-topic post that has a appeared in cypherpunks
for a while. Read it early and often. Except for the nasty bit about the British near the bottom of course. We
are friendly people really. We couldn't help getting that empire you
know. All you guys just sat around not looking after your countries at
all properly and without anywhere near enough artillery or steam
engines, what did you expect? Trade or something? If it hadn't have been
us it would have been the Germans, or the French, or the Spanish, and we're *much* nicer than them.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-03 16:58:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Russian Party of Pensioners Manifesto 
You miss the point. James & many of the other Libertarians present are
aware past attempts at left anarchism.  But they think that  such
attempts will inevitably  develop into state socialist tyranny, or else collapse into a bloody war of all against all, or else  be defeated by
some other group that has already become a centralised tyranny. (In
Makhno's case all three happened, at least partly).
In other words they think that - to nick a Marxist term they probably
wouldn't use themselves - socialism has "contradictions", that you can't
have socialism without tyranny. From their point of view there is no
logical space for "libertarian socialism" or "socialist anarchism".
Someone who claims to be a socialist and yet opposed to state control
will, they think, be either a liar who will turn out to be a Statist in
the end, or someone who hasn't thought things through, who will turn out
to be a capitalist in the end.
I happen to think they are wrong. But stirring quotes from well-known
texts about the Russian revolution won't persuade them. The few who are at all interested will have read such stuff before and
already know the (very persuasive) arguments against it. (After all the
Russian revolution really did collapse into ten years of bloody war,
followed by 30 years of Stalinism, then another 30  of mind-numbingly
boring militarised dictatorship and petty cruelty from which anyone in
their right minds would have gladly escaped to America or western
Europe. They aren't making this up)
Of course most of the US libertarians neither know nor care about that
1920s stuff, and going on about it will just confirm their prejudices
about it. Americans tend to be well immunized against socialism - the
only way to get it past their mental blocks is to call it something else
:-)  It was still fun a few years ago when someone posted a chunk of the
Communist Manifesto with references to "the Bourgeoisie" changed to "the
Net" and quite a few of them took it as some recent anarcho-capitalist

@_date: 2001-12-03 17:19:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Council of Europe Cybercrime Treaty 
Tracing route to members.ams.chello.nl [62.108.1.126]
over a maximum of 30 hops:
  1   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  193.61.22.245
  2   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  144.82.19.103
  3   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  144.82.255.17
  4    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  128.40.255.29
  5   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  128.40.20.190
  6    30 ms    20 ms    20 ms  ulcc-gsr.lmn.net.uk [194.83.101.5]
  7   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  london-bar1.ja.net [146.97.40.33]
  8   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  linx-gw.ja.net [128.86.1.249]
  9   <10 ms   <10 ms   <10 ms  LINXRT1.chello.com [195.66.224.89]
 10    30 ms    30 ms    20 ms  uk-lon-rc-02-pos-5-0.chellonetwork.com
 11    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  nl-ams-rc-01-pos-0-0.chellonetwork.com
 12    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  nl-ams-rd-01-pos-1-0.chellonetwork.com
 13    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  pos15-0.am00rt06.brain.upc.nl
 14    20 ms    30 ms    20 ms  srp10-0.am00rt02.brain.upc.nl
 15    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  srp0-0.am00rt03.brain.upc.nl
 16    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  gig3-0-0.h0rtr1.a2000.nl [62.108.0.82]
 17    10 ms    10 ms    10 ms  members.ams.chello.nl [62.108.1.126]
Trace complete.

@_date: 2001-12-04 12:51:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: More damage to liberty than I expected. 
Server hosting is now a boring, commodity business.   You needs some
marketing ploy to get mindshare from potential customers.
The kind of people who decide where their company's servers are to be
hosted are often the kind of people who used to make plastic models of
military hardware when they were kids. Who have coffee-table books about
planes with lots of pointy bits. Maybe even ones who read Bruce Sterling
novels. They also like to think that their data is Really Important.
Sealand or the Bunker ( are good PR,
regardless of the technical merits of their locations.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-12-06 15:34:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CJ sent you a Yahoo! Greeting 
array zero-origin  error!
"Remember, remember the fifth of *November* " as the old rhyme goes.
Last night was the fifth of December.
And that "bonefire" site killed my browser.
Ken  Brown
Here's a full version as used at Lewes in Sussex (the only county where
Bonfire is properly celebrated!).  I guess when they bring in all their
silly new laws such verses will be illegal.
The Fifth of November,
Gunpowder treason and plot;
I see no reason
Why Gunpowder Treason
Should ever be forgot.
Guy Fawkes, Guy Fawkes,
'Twas his intent
To blow up the King and the Parliament;
Three score barrels of powder below
Poor old England to overthrow;
By God's providence he was catch'd
With a dark lantern and burning match.
Holler boys, holler, make the bells ring,
Holler boys holler, God Save the King! A penny loaf to feed the Pope,
A farthing O' cheese to choke him,
A pint of beer to rinse it down,
A faggot of sticks to burn him!
Burn him in a tub of tar,
Burn him like a blazing star.
Burn his body from his head.
Then we'll say old Pope is dead!
Hip, hip, Hooray!

@_date: 2001-12-07 18:35:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Masks to be illegal in U.K. 
Get your DMCA accepted as unconstutional then say that...

@_date: 2001-12-20 09:38:50
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Steal This Essay 1: Content Is a Pure Public Good 
Like, er, the posting was called "steal this essay" and he did. Obviously it is not true that all Americans lack a sense of irony. Jim
Choate maybe has no other.

@_date: 2001-02-05 11:10:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: War On Drugs Targets Tech 
Don't forget the lawyers & accountants. That's the real way to make
money out of crime - work for the criminals in a legitimate job.

@_date: 2001-02-05 11:14:21
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Mobile Phones 
Yes of course. Call them and ask them for the number you want.
Oh... you meant without them knowing? Like, illegally & dishonestly?
Like you want to grow up to be a spy?
Search the net for everything ever written by Ross Anderson. Read it.
When you fail to understand it go to college & study maths & computing.
When you know enough to understand what he's talking about you will (a)
be able to hack mobile phones, with some expenditure on equipment and a
small risk to your freedom should the police notice and (b) have grown
up a little & acquired a good enough education so you should be able to
get a decent job which will keep you busy enough to stop hassling this
list with silly questions.
Yours, pompously, Ken Brown.

@_date: 2001-02-12 10:28:41
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
Still visible from UK on Monday morning.
Oh whoops, does that mean I have a copy on my hard disk? What a pity...
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-02-12 10:42:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Pentagon warns Fidel Castro could launch cyberattack against U.S. 
Not to mention all that rhythm. Save America from an overwhelming wave of salsa.

@_date: 2001-02-13 17:06:06
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The meek will inherit what, exactly? 
Use the third Gospel, Luke.
Chapter 6 is relevant :-)

@_date: 2001-02-15 14:11:59
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Taxes on hard drives 
[...snip...] That's the trouble with all you suburbanites. A three hour drive to the
shop & then all you can get is Metallica & Puff Daddy. Over here in
London there are maybe ten shops in a short lunchbreak's stroll of my
desk where I would be able to buy vast quantities of
non-English-language music. I bet the same is true of New York or Paris.
You guys just need to get back to the big city :-)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-02-17 13:50:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Taxes on hard drives 
Actually I think that was Alan who wrote that, not me. But I imagine he is complaining against the copyright system acting
against market forces (like Napster).
Personally, I rather like copyright laws for the most part. Far less
pernicious than patents (which were OK when they were for inventions,
went downhill when they started patenting algorithms & now that drug
companies are trying to patent chance discoveries it's turned into a
total mess)  and trade secrets  (which shouldn't be the business of the
law at all. A secret is a secret until it's out, then it isn't. If one
of your employees lets your secrets out, well you should have paid them
enough to make them want to keep them.) Something odd seems to have happened to copyright in the music business
though. Copyright law usually acts to protect the originator of a work
(at least it does over here), for example authors license print
publishers to distribute or sell what they write, but they don't usually
permanently lose rights over their own work. For reasons I cannot claim
to fully understand,  music publishers tend to buy the whole copyright
of a work, the originators signing away their entire future interest in
it. I suspect it has something to do with the relative weight of lawyers
on each side. Or maybe authors are just more savvy than musicians as far
as small print is concerned.
Ken Brown (5000 Kms downwind of Bermuda)

@_date: 2001-02-19 10:20:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Taxes on hard drives 
Napster is a *market*. The relevant "market forces" are people who would
like to listen to music who can get it cheaper through Napster.

@_date: 2001-02-21 12:15:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
It is at about 52 degrees north, IIRC. If you had high-school physics
you'd see the problem with that.
It is within the largest concentration of human population on the planet
- only a few hundred km from Koln or the Ruhr or Rotterdam  & tens of km
from or London.
It is not in the middle of an ocean, it is in the bloody Thames estuary.
It is within sight of thousands of homes and businesses.
It is near the busiest shipping lanes in the world.
It is near chemical works, oil refineries, and factories.
It is downrange of  a huge natural gas field with dozens of producing
It is on commercial air routes to the Netherlands and Belgium.
It is within 5 minutes flight time of major US military bases.
If you are Americo-centric enough to  have no conception of the
geographical location of Sealand, than imagine a place that shared the
WORST factors for launch site selection of Galveston, the Yukon, the
Erie Canal, and Chesapeake bay.
And only a few hundred miles downwind of the Russian early warning
systems in Kaliningrad. Those guys still have ICBMs you know, and they
are still scared that you Americans are going to first strike (yes, I
know it is nonsense, but that's what some of them think)
It might be hard to imagine a less suitable orbital launch site. I
suspect if anything like that was tried the British would board the
place within hours. If they really thought it was an independent
territory (they don't - in fact they think they own it but they just
don't want to have to go to the expense of repairing it & don't really
care what the inhabitants get up to as long as it doesn't cost them any
money) then they would declare war on it. Or rather not, because who
declares war any more? People who are willing to bomb Baghdad just to
make George Bush look good are hardly likely to hold off from shooting a
few techy types in their own back yard in order to save to world from
nuclear destruction. If the Brits didn't do it the Americans would -
they have enough firepower just over the horizon. We used to have these really cool things called "maps". They help you to
visualise where things are. They are really useful sometimes,  Or maybe
you never leave Texas because you can't find the freeway?
Ken (in near shock)

@_date: 2001-02-21 12:17:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
South Africa is about as far from the Horn of Africa as New York is from
There have been commercial launches from Kenya, and from offshore
platforms in the Indian Ocean.

@_date: 2001-02-21 17:04:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Nope, I was right. (It is around 20 miles from where my mother lives).
They have a postal address at Felixstowe, which is a port in Suffolk
near the town Ipswich. See the quotes from their website below
You can say that again. A rocket going into orbit would be pointing east for all the usual
reasons & would be heading straight for Russia. A deeply uncool place to
make launches from.  See Ryan Lackey's comments I quote below - if
that's what he thinks about a mortar, what about an ICBM? (which is just
a rocket whose orbit intersects the Earth's surface nearby to someone
you don't like).
Anyway, we aren't talking a production platform here. Sealand is an
anti-aircraft gun turret.  It isn't really very big. Sticks a long way
out of the water, but then you have to in the North Sea  (not like those
little weeny platforms you get in the Gulf of Mexico :-)  Imagine two
factory chimneys connected by a deck at the top. If you want to launch from the sea you need a big platform. And you need
to put it somewhere else.
Placing a warship with mortar in the waters near the UK's major
container port would be ... highly unpopular.
Placing mortars ashore for long enough to close on target would also
inspire a very unfavorable response from the UK military. Any mortar
which could hit Sealand from shore could also threaten hundreds of
thousands of British citizens. British gun laws, being what they are,
and the British experience with mortar attacks on Heathrow being what it
is, I would not want to try it.

@_date: 2001-02-22 11:49:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Jim Choate wrote 2 postings:
[one of them]
Yes, if they wanted to. For values of "attack" that start with the local
river police boat and go up to maybe a fishery protection vessel or the
UK equivalent of your US coastguard cutters, perhaps a  helicopter or
two. I'm afraid that there isn't much evidence that the British
government is reluctant to attack independent nations when they feel it
in their interests to do so, nor that they consider Sealand to be in
independent nation.
I took the opportunity of looking over some of Ryan's interviews from
last year (it's all gone quiet recently) and he's pretty clear that they
are more or less relying on UK policing & protection and would be likely
to co-operate if anything happens. To be honest I find myself wondering
if the whole Sealand thing is a bit of a publicity stunt & HavenCo's
real servers will be somewhere else - maybe not very far away -
facilities in England & the Netherlands with perhaps some backup on the
tower would be secure enough - these are also ideas that were discussed
last year. If you are prepared to trash your computers when the local
authorities move in (which was their stated intention) then you don't
need a defensible fortress, still less an independent nation, just
somewhere with a good view all round that is hard to sneak up on. (Anyone fancy co-location in a disused grain silo in Nebraska?)
No, not WW3, more likely just a "diplomatic incident". When the
Norwegians forgot to tell the Russians about a weather rocket a few
years ago it didn't start WW3. In fact when the Russian EWS failed a few
years before that & for a few minutes they thought there was a serious
attack it didn't start WW3 - it is now pretty clear that at least a
significant proportion of the command if the Russian missile forces
never actually intended to obey orders. There seem to be few Russian
equivalents of Dr. Strangelove, or even of Teller. (But then there are
few US equivalents of Stalin or Beria, so it mostly doesn't go their way
- just being sane didn't stop them being evil - whoops, I mustn't start
that thread again).
Quite a lot of this stuff is in orbit these days...
However small a rocket is, if it is going up hard enough to reach LEO it
is going to worry any meaningful EWS. And telling how fast something is
going is a lot easier from a few hundred miles away than telling how
large it is, especially if you have 2 minutes to decide whether to phone
the President. So when you are going to launch a small, harmless, rocket you tell any
nearby governments. And when you are going to launch a small, harmless,
rocket into LEO - so that it can potentially come down anywhere - you
tell everybody who might have an interest. That's what those treaties
are mostly about. Not mainly an evil statist plot to stop nice
free-market capitalists from getting into space, more the equivalent of
the rules of the road. If I turned up in your town determined to
exercise my God-given right to drive on the left like a true Brit, I
doubt if you would complain when the police tried to stop me.
[...another one...]
The North Sea ones are (mostly) built tougher, mainly because the
weather is worse. We don't get hurricanes but we get continuous bad
weather. So while a Gulf platform may have decent weather be OK for 360
days & then shut down and maybe evacuate for a storm warning, a North
Sea platform might carry on working through weeks of 50 mph winds,
drizzle, and 30-foot waves. Yes, but you'd probably tell your neighbours first, and if you didn't
you wouldn't be surprised to get a visit from men in uniform a few
minutes later - if only the fire brigade, after next door gave them a
It can be done. I think it will be done. But why not do it from
somewhere warm and tropical and equatorial? There a places in Africa &
S. America you could launch from and no-one would notice. Tell the
locals it is a firework show. Put on a real firework show to keep them
happy (or celebrate) and make the launch the climax.
You honestly wouldn't like the weather in the North Sea.

@_date: 2001-02-22 15:28:05
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: We are all terrorists now. It is illegal to pay tax. 
The Prevention of Terrorism Act 2000 defines an action as terrorist if
it both fits one of these 5 criteria:
(a) involves serious violence against a person,
(b) involves serious damage to property,
(c) endangers a person's life, other than that of the person committing
the action,
(d) creates a serious risk to the health or safety of the public or a
section of the public, or
(e) is designed seriously to interfere with or seriously to disrupt an
electronic system.
and also "involves the use of firearms or explosives".
The recent bombing of Baghdad fits all 5 of the criteria and involved
explosives, therefore it is a terrorist act under these rules. As Ian
Jackson pointed out (below), the British government itself is not
subject to its own law in this way: but I am.  The act  also  makes it
illegal to supply money which is to be used for terrorism without the
express consent of a constable. I pay my taxes.   QED.
Ken Brown, International Terrorist.
Forwarded from the UKcrypto mailing list:

@_date: 2001-02-26 10:47:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: PWL Crackers 
I think the "state government of California" guy must be just a looney.
Though why he sent me 5 copies of his stupid message each with the
spelling corrected slightly differently and ALL WRONG I don't know.  Is
there any version of DNA in which .state works as an HLQ?  Maybe it is
all some subtle stego setup, I don't think.
Ken, puzzled.

@_date: 2001-02-28 09:52:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Micropayments: Effective Replacement For Ads? 
The trouble is that in the current scheme of things commercial sites
don't want or need your micropayments, it still costs more to collect
than they will get out of it. What they want is a "relationship" with
you leading to macropayments. Micropayments - real micropayments, values
much under a penny per page, reflecting the real marginal cost of
delivering existing content - are,  short of the Hettingian revolution,
either more trouble than they are worth or just a way of weeding out the
casual loafers.
As others have pointed out there are technical ways round this, the most
obvious being that they cut a deal with the search engines, using some
sort of crypto authentication at search time. If they can't work out the
techniques to do that they certainly won't be able to work out safe and
reliable micropayments from arbitrary numbers of casual browsers.
But I suspect they won't want to be indexed by real search engines. Your
Time-Warner-Bloated-Media-Corps and your Coca-pepsi-colas and even your
Microsofts don't *want* to have every page indexed by the likes of Alta
Vista, and they spend a lot of time and effort preventing that from
happening. What they want is for their metadata to be indexed. Which is
precisely why the metadata is usually not useful - it is effectively
advertising - which is precisely why the search engines that get me what
I want to see fastest are those most closely approximating free text
retrieval of the entire content through Boolean queries where I decide
what I want to look for, not some employee of the the owners of the
site. (Who, of course, in a nod to USan proprieties, are perfectly
entitled not to let me see their web pages if I choose to ignore their
front-ends and try to parachute in somewhere in the middle, or indeed
for any other reason. I'm not paying these guys & I don't intend to if I
can help it, and if they choose to exclude me then they can).
What big commercial websites still want is the dream of a "portal" where
human-indexed top-down directories channel the browser towards the
officially approved provider of each officially designated category of
content, presumably the one who paid them up front. The on-line shopping
mall. "Make this page your home page".  The net reinvented as cable TV.  Eschew any web page with a title that starts with the word "My".

@_date: 2001-02-28 18:14:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Animal Passports 
I don't know why you asked this question on a mailing list about the
politics and social impact of networking technologies.
If it is a genuine question then
 might be a place to start.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-04 05:29:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: More half-baked social planning ideas 
I read. I even read American stuff sometimes.  In the last week I've
read all or some of 5 books about architecture & housing. Two of them
were American. But, not being American I still have no real idea what
the expected answer to is. I *guess* "kitchen" because in the UK "stove" is an old-fashioned name
for a cooking device, stuff we used before the invention of gas and
electric cookers (in fact, before the invention of the cast-iron
range).  But for us a "furnace" is an extremely large thing that you get
steel out of...  not something anyone would find in a basement. Over
here you put teenagers or washing machines or junk in your basement, not
furnaces. Actually, in London, they are almost always converted into
flats & rented out. Anyway, surely basements are urban vs. rural? A way of getting more room
in a restricted space. Do people build them out in the country?
Ken the Ethnocentric.

@_date: 2001-01-05 13:00:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
Maybe it *is* crypto? The email equivalent of a numbers station. Who
knows whether or not:
" Please remove "Shanah Tovah" item which appears after  doing a search
of my name Cheryl Gilan."
is in fact a cryptic message to release an ETA bomb squad somewhere in
Boilers. No-one I know uses hot air to heat a domestic house though you
do get it in some large commercial buildings.
These days they are smaller, and sit on the wall, often in a cupboard.
They no longer store water, just heat it up on the way through. I should
think that 99% of all new houses and flats use that sort. Mine is in a
sort of broom-cupboard beside the toilet. Older ones tend to be largish
lagged things, often in the attic (i.e. space below the roof).
500 years ago "cellar" didn't necessarily imply underground at all. When
brick came into general use in domestic houses it enabled the building
of cheap chimneys, which enabled the older "hall" houses to be divided
by a floor into an upstairs and a downstairs. In many medium-sized
houses the family moved upstairs (in larger ones they were already there
at one end of the hall in the "solar") leaving the business (kitchen,
goods, servants, animals) below. Some houses used brick or stone to
reinforce the floor, erecting pillars to support it & that became a
"cellar" whether or not it was below street level. Chimneys, ceilings,
furniture, printing & Protestantism all became common in England in one
generation sometime in the late 15th or early 16th century. OK, the
Protestantism was a little later.
Tap. We find the word "faucet" funny, it sounds as if it should be
slightly obscene, a good example of the US habit of never using a short
word when a long one will do. But when I found myself amongst Americans
I was slightly disappointed to find that they almost all say "tap" these
days. Just as they say "car" instead of "automobile". You are obviously
all watching too much British TV, or listening to too many British rock
bands. You should defend your language against this tide of old-world
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-05 18:04:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: When they came for the Jews... 
We don't have a website.  But the quote is supposed to be Martin
"In Germany, they first came for the communists, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a communist. Then they came for the
Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for
the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I
wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics and I didn't
speak up because I wasn't a Catholic. Then they came for me - and by
that time there was nobody left to speak up." No doubt Tom Vogt has the original auf Deutsch.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-08 08:17:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
"redundant" which has a technical legal meaning that is different from
"laid-off" (which we also use).
"artic" & "mac" are both normal (though the second now old-fashioned -
who wears raincoats any more anyway?)
Don't believe all you read on the web :-)  I wouldn't have known
"pantechnicon" was a van if you'd asked me. And  we used to think you
didn't have the word "van"  - we thought you always said "truck" or
"pick-up". (Though when I went to Texas my colleagues seemed to use the
word "van" to include passenger vehicles - the large car/small bus sort
of thing that gets sold as a "people mover" over here. For us a "van" is
for carrying things more than people, though plenty of drivers use them
as cars)
Anyway - I heard Americans on the TV last week talking about "railway"
instead of "railroad". And "station" instead of "depot" (though Grand
Central Station is I suppose quite old, so you must have had that one
for a while)
As you said:
and there are very few opportunities for real misunderstanding. We know
"Randy" is a name in the US, even if we snigger when we hear it, and any
American spending more than 5 minutes in Britain UK would find out that
a "fag" is a cigarette, so no harm done.
If there is any chance of confusion it is in the connotations of speech
rather than the denotations. "Homely" has the same literal meaning
(home-like, reminiscent of home) on both sides of the Atlantic but in
Britain it is emotionally slightly positive (Tolkien's "Last Homely
House") & in the US very negative,  mostly used as a euphemism for
"ugly". The same applies ot tone of voice.    Brits (& Australians) seem
mostly less sensitive to insult than Americans but more to sarcasm &
irony. So we can sometimes be rude to you & you don't notice - and we
can be friendly and you think we are being rude. And presumably it works
the other way round as well. The society that invented the breakfast
meeting must have developed many exquisite verbal tortures that us
plainspeaking Brits miss out on.

@_date: 2001-01-08 12:35:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
Trivial in UK - walk into shop, pick one off shelves, walk to counter,
pay money. They sell them in supermarkets & video rental shops now.  Last year's most common Christmas present. My Mum and my daughter both
got one. When you open the packet you can start talking within minutes.
The battery even had charge on it. There was bumf asking you to
"register" for which you got 5 pounds "free call time" but nothing to
stop you making calls without registering.

@_date: 2001-01-09 06:47:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
You've been listening to those old Max Miller records again, haven't
And they are very old:
"Have you heard about the girl of eighteen who swallowed a pin, but
didn't feel the prick until she was twenty-one?"
"I was walking along this narrow mountain pass - so narrow that nobody
else could pass you, when I saw a beautiful blonde,     with not a
stitch on - yes, not a stitch on, lady. Cor blimey, I didn't know
whether to toss myself off or block her passage."
"Which would you like, the blue book or the white book? You like both
don't you. Listen, I was in Spain four years ago and all the girls wear
little  knives in the top of their stocking. I found that out.........
So I said to myself, I'll find exactly what's the idea in wearing a
knife on the top of the stocking and she said, that's to defend my
honour, I said, what, a little tiny knife like that...... I said that,
if you were in Brighton, you would need a set of carvers!"
et.c et.c et.c
So this woman walks into a pub and asks for a double entendre, and the
barman says "Do you want a large one?"

@_date: 2001-01-10 06:55:45
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Crime plan targets phone thefts" 
"Crime plan targets phone thefts":
Apparently, Jack Straw (famously authoritarian British Home Secretary)
wants the phone companies to do something about street robbery of mobile
phones - now a third of all robbery in London and very embarrassing for
the government because it totally masks the genuine underlying ongoing
reduction in crime. Straw:  "We have a shared interest with mobile telephone manufacturers
and the operators in making telephones              more secure, It's
difficult because many of the phones that are sold these days are the
pay-as-you-go phones, but there is more that can be done and this is all
about joining together in a partnership with industries, the public and
the police to help get these crimes down." So mugging is joined to the now 6 or 7 horsepersons of the infocalypse
as yet another reason to  ban anonymous phones? I wonder who is in
Straw's driving seat this time?
Something Must be Done is always a bad start to legislation. Do we get
the Dangerous Telephones Act 2001?
Ken (and not his employers who are law-abiding people who would do
nothing to annoy a Home Secretary)

@_date: 2001-01-10 11:29:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little Boomlet 
mean-green at hushmail.com posted:
One of the interesting, and to my mind odd, things is that they
*aren't*  "popping up in tax havens around the world". They are popping
up in little islands that are formally or effectively under British
colonial rule, if not actually occupied by the British army. Britain has a good track record of supporting business in its little
island colonies & ex-colonies - most notably Hong Kong which at one time
had a GDP larger than that of the rest of China by some measures - but
does anyone seriously think that if businesses located in those places
were ever seen as a threat by the UK government/establishment/military,
or by their US handlers,  they wouldn't just move in and close them
down?  Even some of the ex-colonies rely on Britain  or (especially in
the the Caribbean) the USA for foreign aid and military protection (that
could be "protection" as in "protection racket") and their governments
aren't in a position to stand up to either the Mother Country or her
Bigger Brother.  And, on the whole, their ordinary citizens (never mind
resident aliens) don't even have the legal rights they would in Britain,
and nothing like those of the USA.
The very fact that such business are allowed to flourish is a Big Clue
that they aren't really causing the US or UK governments any hassle.
They are quite happy to have most people at home paying tax & a few
overseas not paying tax but doing business. But if they ever really
wanted to get an individual or a business, they would.
The sun still doesn't set on the British Empire (not while we have
Pitcairn!), London is still the heart of darkness, it is is still the
place where the money is (most of the money in the world, by orders of
magnitude, is in meaninglessly large dollar accounts in databases owned
by London banks, representing currency trades), and if you think you can
trust these guys to do anything other than act in the interests of their
own profits you are making a big mistake.

@_date: 2001-01-19 11:47:15
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Yet another spam generator 
supposedly encodes your short
messages as imitation spam, postings designed to fail content filtering
& so (the author claims) bypass Echelon. Hmmm.  Whoever put the site up
doesn't seem to have a clear distinction between cryptography,
stenography & obfuscation.  Does everyone have to reinvent the wheel
every time? Are we going to go through it all *again* with mobile phone
text messages?
It seems to be a version of Peter Wayner's bumf generator from way back
when:  (Which has a very
funny bit in the style of a Neil Kinnock speech - maybe you have to be
in the Labour Party to get it...)
I don't think it is going to cause NSA any headaches. What chance do
they have of knowing about a method which has only been described in
Byte and on Risks? Presumably if you  identify a posting as having been
through Mimic & you can get enough text to recover the model you can
retrieve plaintext reasonably easily - so the secure use should be based
on ciphertext, not plaintext & perhaps would avoid using models freely
available on the web. (there was some discussion on similar stuff on
coderpunks & cypherpunks a few years back)
 But it generates mildly amusing  parodies of spam. Not as good as the
Neil Kinnock though.
Ken Brown
"You will shortly be in communication with Otis" translates to:
Dear E-Commerce professional , Your email address has been submitted to us indicating your interest in our briefing . If you are not interested in our publications and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 1 , Section 303 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich within 16 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience and nearly every commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Alabama tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 1 , Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can become rich in 80 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills & society seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson of New Mexico tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this red-hot announcement ! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 4 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich within 61 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience and nearly every commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Utah tried us and says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must hurry . Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear Friend ; You made the right decision when you signed up for our directory . If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 1 , Section 307 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become rich in 48 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines and nearly every commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus use credit cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! For the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer !

@_date: 2001-01-19 18:48:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
Agreed that John's "non-stop" doesn't sound anything like Tandem boxes
(which surely wouldn't be a secret code-wood anyway?)
They certainly used to run IBM 370 (a lot  heavier than Tandems both in
mass & power consumption!) in the air, probably to manage AWACS tape
filestore (I vaguely think they may even have used UCC1). That is unless
the US  & German airforce people I sometimes met on operating system
training courses back in the early 1980s  were *very* good at pulling
the wool over fellow-student's eyes.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-22 13:49:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [Fwd: TBTF Log, weeks of 2001-01-07 and 2001-01-14] 
Apologies for Choating  (at least there is no inline HTML in it) but
every single one of the articles in the most recent Tasty Bits log is
relevant to something or other that has been on the list recently. If
you don't already know of TBTF you should consider signing up to it.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-26 12:17:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
Margulis is always worth reading. "Symbiosis and the cell evolution" was
a huge eyeopener for me when I read it about 3 years ago - not so much
for the symbiotic origin of Eukaryotes (which is pretty much orthodoxy
these days & was taught to me as the standard idea back in the 1970s) as
for all the biogeochemical implications. "Five Kingdoms" is a fun
overview of LAWKI - a good read.
My daughter sometimes! She's 11 now - but bumped into them a year or so
ago. A few days after that I found her installing a telnet server on our
W98 machine...
I can easily imagine that - somewhere between Jane Jacobs and Paolo
Soleri and Bill Mollison.
Why not both? See  "Life and Death of the Great American Cities",
"Arcologies" and "Permaculture" by the authors mentioned above (Of
course nearly all contributors to Cypherpunks would find Soleri &
Mollison to be evil wimpish leftites - but they ought to like Jacobs).
Remember, if we manage to get ourselves an indefinite lifespan (as
opposed to a mildly stretched one) then old people won't be *old* any
That more or less happens these days - there is a sort of lost
generation born between the late 1950s & about 1970 who  managed to be
the first age cohort in 200 years who were poorer than their parents, at
least in Britain (where else did punk rock come from?)

@_date: 2001-01-26 12:47:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
[...] [...] Brunner seconded, and a bid for Ken MacLeod. "Stone Canal" is probably
the one most cypherpunks would like the most - set in a well-described
crypto-anarchic polity where "information wants to be free" and is
willing to fight for it.  CPs ought to love the trial scene.  In an
anarchy you start by agreeing on what law you will be judged by and who
is to be the judge.
Reading them in order is best - "Star Fraction" is basically
old-fashioned 1980s-style cyberpunk (but he knows his stuff & is serious
about AI & cryptography, then "Stone Canal", "The Cassini Division" (my
favourite), then "Sky Road".
Some of the best sf of the last 5 years.
Ken (not him - the other one)

@_date: 2001-01-26 14:53:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
Right of course about Nina Hagen et al. Though the argument about an age
cohort still works (& in fact could be extended to include the German
industrial rock bands & their artier (& much funnier) US followers from
Akron (*) But then I could argue that a lot of British punk rock from 1976/7
actually sounded very, very different from the continental & North
American precursors. A lot less sophisticated, less art-school (although
a lot of the practitioners were at art schools!), less pills & more
beer, and they actually used English accents and working-class
south-of-England accents at that. In fact that summed up a lot of the
impact of the Clash, the Damned, the Sex Pistols & all the hundreds of
less-well-remembered bands - they sounded working-class, which in those
days just Wasn't Done if you came from within a hundred miles of London.
And I could also argue that the musical roots of that kind of British
"punk" didn't include those guys so much as the noisy, thrashy, stomping
heavy bands of the early 1970s (people like Sweet & Slade who never got
to the US I guess), Reggae (especially in its early Ska mode),  football
chants, oddities like Screaming Lord Sutch (his "L-O-N-D-O-N London!"
from the late 60s isn't punk but it sounds like punk) and of course
Hawkwind (honestly, just listen to the basslines). If there is a
transatlantic component other than R&B (which is always there of course)
back in the mid-1970s it was more likely to be Patti Smith or their
older brother's Velvet's records.
And of course you could quite truthfully remind me that a significant
number of those famous punks were in fact middle-class
university-educated fine-arts types who did just as many of the wrong
sort of pills as their windy stadium rock predecessors (talking of
which, how come you Americans still pay money to listen to that stuff ?
Ken Brown
(*) and for that matter some of the kind of people who listened to Bruce
Springsteen in his more depressing moments... before the Republican's
irony module was unplugged & they started to think "Born in the USA" was
some sort of anthem. Or the kind of people who listened to various noisy
southern rock bands.

@_date: 2001-01-29 16:13:40
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
("sci-fi"? what is this "sci-fi"? We know of no "sci-fi"?)
If you mean Michael Moorcock I think they were fans of his and he wrote
some lyrics for them & later on he did go on stage with them now and
again but I don't think it's true to say they *started* that way or that
they were just a "front band" for him.  (Unlike the short-lived and
semi-fictional Deep Fix, which may have included a lot of Hawkwind
members but was Moorcock's band)
Mike Moorcock's living in Texas now. And writing cowboy stories.
Well, they are as much like cowboy stories as some of the his other
stuff was like sf
Some reviews at: And a not-at-all spellchecked interview with Colin Greenland at:
Michael Moorcock:  The part of Texas I'm moving to is more like
Califonia, its full of old hippies and mad computer people. In fact our
entire estate is run by  old hippies. All of them are lunitics, sort of
rolling up joints and telling you how they dug New Worlds in the 60s. I
mean its amazing to  me. I find the people who are most interested -
they got it from the SF and theyre trying to make it real thats what
interests me. Theres a story that the Americans never quite got the
space ship they wanted right because they were trying to make it look
like a  Buck Rogers space ship. Which I believe because thats how a
space ship should look.
Colin Greenland:   So science fiction does predict the future?
Michael Moorcock:  No, it creates it which is slightly different. Its
full of looney SF fans. When I went up to see 2001, 2001 ways to fall
asleap!, and the NASA people were out there and this is probably what
was wrong with the film - the NASA people were out there and they were
deeply  interested in the science, as if they would really land a space
ship on Jupiter. I cant do with all that.
PSFG :  In the early days you used to do a lot of stuff with certain
bands, like Hawkwind and Blue Oyster Cult. How did that come about?
Michael Moorcock:  It just happened
PSFG :  So did they like approach you or did you go there or what?
Michael Moorcock: Hawkwind based their title on the Hawkmoon books that
was the start of it and I didnt meet them for the first few months. I
lived in Ladbrook Grove, everything happened in Ladbrook Grove in the
sixties and seventies. I mean it was just nice and I happened to live in
Ladbrook Grove and it all happened around me. You couldnt actually move
for bloody Rock and Roll bands.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-31 11:26:05
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Whats NOOS? 
Greg Reynolds posted some jargon purporting to be from the US National
Ocean Service:
What a wonderful way of putting it. Corporate dont-sue-me-please
on-message toe-the-line vision-and-values mission-statement blandness
meets military-official Haigspeak and together they produce such a
charmingly inoffensive little phrase.
If you are a "coastal resource" you will be merged. You will be
*assimilated*  It's for your own good you know. None of that stitting
around uselessly somewhere between the sea and the land. That cannot be
tolerated.  You will be merged.
And don't think you are going to get a piece of the coast if you aren't
a part of the "forward-moving economy". Backward-movers need not apply.
And as for sideways-movers, we know how to deal with those little
crablets. Trust me, I'm from the Fisheries Protection Agency, and I'm
here to merge you.
All those starfish had better co-operate too. They can crawl but they
can't hide. They *will* be assimilated. Merged. A seamless geodesically
forward-moving economic network encompassing all right-thinking coastal
entities.  I have seen the future and it writhes. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-01-31 11:44:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: hi 
Roughly my experience. My Windows 98 can stay up for a week if I don't
use it but I tend to do a reboot at least daily under real use (email &
word-processing mainly - my daughter plays  games & that's worse)
Windows 3.1 used to be far less reliable &  my iBook is pretty bad as
well.  I doubt if I've ever had 8 hours uninterrupted service from it.
Linux is about the same as Solaris - I've seen it up for a year, though
not on a machine that was doing much, and I'd be upset if one had to be
restarted as often as once a month for bugfixes or maintenance.  I have
seen some unpleasant memory problems on Solaris though not on Linux, but
I've used Linux less (just one box at work & another at home at the
moment - but at a previous place of employment we managed to keep
Linux-based firewalls and web caches going for 24/7 3 weeks out of 4)  I guess Linux is maybe 100 times as reliable as Windows 98?
I've had over a year's continuous online operation, with heavy use, from some of the more robust Unices, especially AIX & DGUX (I've known
AIX systems continue to run quite happily after the system disk was
totally trashed with an rm -fR *, also I've seen them carry on for
months with real hardware errors on disks, screens and even memory)
To be fair to Microsoft I have seen dedicated servers based on DOS that
just ran one program all the time stay up for a very long time indeed.
But as soon as Windows gets into the picture, reliability goes through
the floor. NT can stand for weeks provided you don't use it as an IIS
web server or Exchange server, that tends to kill it, as does MS Word of
all things.  I've been using NT since beta releases of 3.1 & I am very
familiar with the way it hangs. I've also installed literally dozens, if
not hundreds, of NT systems. It really is far, far, more reliable than
W98 and far, far, less than a decent Unix (don't ask me about SCO
Ken (who lost count of how many different OS he's installed & worked on
at about 19. Systems that is, not years.)

@_date: 2001-01-31 17:35:20
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Whats NOOS? 
Alta Vista, as always is richer if not faster than Googol. The first hit
on Alta Vista is to an Italian translation of TS Eliot's Little Gidding
(wa wonderful poem :-)
There are some computer resellers in Kiev: There are links suggested to   which is
some sort of training college  ("industrial hygiene"is one of the
courses) - perhaps it is to do with the COMSC (NOOS) Peter already
mentioned at    - which is
I guess back to the original sealift idea.
Or they could be clammies - the Prophet Elron explained the origins of
the word "Dianetics" as "Dia - through, noos - mind".
Ken Brown
 has a
reference to "Cases as feature values in the NOOS language" - unlikely
toi be relevant.
But True Conspiracy theorists  will want to connect it to "Summer Noos"
on Blackhawk Helicopters at:
Obviously a paramilitary training camp designed to indoctrinate American
Youth into the statist grasp of the enforcers of the New World Order.
My guess is the Nasda lot. They seem to be into GIS & remote sensing &
also work with Unesco & some UK universities, so I guess they could turn
up more or less anywhere - though in that case why the heavies?  Danes
are usually a lot less hassled by tourists wandering around uninvited
than, say Russians. Or even Americans.
Ken Brown
And I thought lawyers were jargon-ridden:
Trying this URL:
reveals > 40,000 documents more or less like:
Please note, the transfer of MILSTAMP to TRANSCOM is the primary agenda
item for both segments (Vol 1 and Vol 2) of the meeting. McLean, VA
22101- 3403 (703) 275- 5225(703) 275- 5606 (Fax) DSN =235 Website:
http:// www. dlmso. hq. dla. mil/ ===== eFollows===== ROUTINE R 112009Z
FEB 99 FM PTC EMAIL SYSTEM WASH DC TO DA EMAIL CUSTOMER// DLATCC// R
111737Z FEB 99 INFO DA WASHINGTON DC// DALO-TSD// HQ USAF WASHINGTON
DC// LGTT// CDRMTMC FALLS CHURCH VA// MTOP- CD/- OS/ MTRM/ MTAQ// HQ AMC
SCOTT AFB IL// SONC/ DOJC/ FM/ DAO DE FA// COMSC WASHINGTON DC// N83//
DFAS OPLOC NORFOLK VA// FP UNCLAS SUBJECT:  MILSTAMP MEETINGS REF: (A)
DLMSO E- MAILS OF 01/ 08/ 1999 (VOLUME 1) AND 01/ 13/  1999 (VOLUME 2);
SAME SUBJECT AS REQUESTED IN THE E- MAIL, WE WOULD  APPRECIATE
ATTENDANCE BY THE MILSTAMP FOCAL POINT PRIMARY AND/ OR ALTERNATE, AND
YOUR SERVICE/ AGENCY TRANSPORTATION PRINCIPAL. PLEASE  PROVIDE THE NAME
AND RANK/ GRADE OF YOUR ATTENDEES TO DLMSO NO LATER  THAN 16 FEBRUARY
1999. AGENDA FOR MILSTAMP VOLUME I: 0800 - INTRODUCTIONS  AND
ADMINISTRATIVE REMARKS 0815 - REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF PREVIOUS  MEETINGS
MINUTES 0830 - REVIEW OF PMCLS 0915 - BREAK 0930 - REVIEW OF AMCLS  1000
- OTHER VOLUME I ISSUES 1030 - USTRANSCOM (FUTURE OF MILSTAMP VOLUME  1)
(OTHER ISSUES TO BE DISSEMINATED SEPARATELY) 1130 - LUNCH POINTS OF
 CONTACT FOR THESE MEETINGS ARE WILLIE FITZHUGH, MILSTAMP VOLUME I,
(703) 275- 5243, DSN 235, FAX 5606, E- MAIL: WILLIAM_ FITZHUGH@ HQ. DLA.
MIL; FOR MILSTAMP  VOLUME II, DENNIS THOMAS, (703) 275- 5225, DSN 235,
FAX 5606, E- MAIL: DENNIS_  THOMAS@ HQ. DLA. MIL  Keywords: hq,
MILSTAMP, af, DLMSO, navy, BELVOIR, hqamc, alexandria, COMSC WASHINGTON
DC, DA WASHINGTON DC, HQ DECA FT, HQ USAF WASHINGTON, DLMSO FT BELVOIR,
DLA FT BELVOIR, DFAS HQ WASHINGTON, FM DLMSO FT And as for this - where is Echelon when you need it?
Summary:  CRYPTOLOGIC TECHNICIAN TRAINING COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322) SE
RIES, MOD 3,  AUTOMATED COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS\ INTRODUCTION TO DATA
COMMUNICATION  NAVEDTRA A95- 03- 44- 89 CRYPTOLOGIC TECHNICIAN TRAINING
SERIES, MOD 9, FLEET  OPERATIONS TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC MANAGEMENT
NAVEDTRA A95- 09- 00- 87  COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322 COMNAVSECGRU (CODE
G1322) COMNAVSECGRU  (CODE G1322) COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322) COMNAVSECGRU
(CODE G1322)  CRYPTOIOGIC TECHNICIAN TRAINING COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322)
SERIES, MOD 10,  FLEET OPERATIONS - FOREIGN NAVAL STUDIES; WARSAW PA~;
GUIDE TO THE SOVIET  NAVY NAVEDTRA A95- 10- OO- 87 Enclosure (1) 2 --
COURBE TITLE/ NAVEDTRA  NUMBER CRYPTOLOGIC TECHNICIAN TRAINING SERIES,
MOD 11, CTM ORGANIZATION AND ADMINISTRATION NAVEDTRA A95- 11- 44- 88
COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322)  COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322) CONMAVSECGRU (CODE
G1322) BUMED BUMED  BUMED CNO (OP- 39) COMNAVCOMTELCOM (Code N- 121B
HISTORY OF THE CHAPLAIN  CORPS, PART I NAVEDTRA 10906- 4 4 Enclosure (1)
gOURSE SPONSOR BUMED BUMED  CNO (OP- 151) BUMED NAVACCTGFINCEN (NAFC- 3)
BUMED COMNAVAIRSYSCOM (PMA  205- 41) BUMED COMNAVINTCOM (NIC- 01)
NAVPETOFF NAVOCEANO CNET BUMED  BUMED CNO (OP- 097 BUMED CNO (OP- 39)
BUMED CNO (OP- 39) CNO (OP- 39) CNO (OP-  354G) CNO (OP- 39) CNO (OP-
152) CNO (OP- 39) BUMED COMNAVFACENGCOM CNO  (OP- 39) CNO (OP- 09N) CNo
(OP- 39) COMSPAWARSYSCOM (003- 244) 8 Enclosure (1)  L. COURSE TITLE/
NA= DTRA NUMBER SHIPHANDLING NAVEDTRA 10738- B1 COURSE SPONSOR CNO (OP-
39) COMNAVSUPSYSCOM (SUP OP- 31) BUMED CNO (OP- 09B) COMNAVSUPSYSCOM
(SUP OP- 31) COMNAVSUPSYSCOM (SUP OP- 31) COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322)
COMNAVSECGRU (CODE G1322) CNO (OP- 39) CNTECHTRA (CODE N613) BUMED NAVY
JAG (CODE 20   Keywords: MATERIAL, ADPSO, COMSC, CORPS, CRYPTOLOGIC,
SPONSORSHIP, Support, JAG, CNO,  NAFC, TRAINING COURSES COURSE, COURSE
SPONSOR COMNAVAIRSYSCOM, COURSE  SPONSOR CNO, BUMED COMNAVFACENGCOM CNO,
BUMED BUMED  COMNAVCOMTELCOM, NAVY NAVEDTRA A95, BUMED BUMED BUMED, Presumably an obsolete list of US navy training courses from 20 years
So that was what the FOIA was for - swamping the activists in a sea of
irrelevant data.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-02 18:25:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: What's up with cyberpass? 
I'm getting readable mail from both lne and cyberpass.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-06 19:19:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
You don't have a whole lot of choice. Few places in the world do even as
well as the US in the broad range of things you might be interested in.
Any rich country has this, at least in towns, and enclaves in a lot of
poor ones.
Ditto. We probably have better ones over here in Britain than you guys
do. But you might not like other things about us.
If you are techy enough you can get these anywhere. You get paid less in
poor places of course, but then things are cheaper.
Nope. Most European countries have more restrictive laws than you do,
though in practice the difference isn't that great. Everywhere you will
get government interference, it depends what you object to most. The
kind of personal firearms that are common in the USA are illegal almost
everywhere else. But then your crazy US alcohol laws are the laughing
stock of the rest of the non-Muslim world.  In Singapore you can get
banged up for spitting in the street.
Maybe by being very rich and in effect living in a fortress?
Or by making do with less money.

@_date: 2001-07-17 12:34:16
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: lawyer physics (was taxing satellites) 
A piece of law that will have to be re-assessed if there ever are any
space colonists, or serious productive industry in LEO.  You really
wouldn't want to live somewhere where anyone who "accidentally"
evacuates all the air from your house has no legal liability.

@_date: 2001-07-17 12:43:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Satellite taxes 
No Virginia, "The Man who Sold the Moon" was not written by David Bowie.
Hey, you almost make me feel like Tim May! Get with the program. Use
those search engines.  Everyone should read the works of Robert
Heinlein. Not to mention half a dozen old sf hacks from the 1940s to
the  1960s. If they had, they might not have an answer to the problem
"who should tax a satellite", never mind the even harder problem "how do
I stop my satellite being taxed", but they would at least have *thought*
about it. And why the  the Brazil option probably wouldn't work. Or has my gross British sense of humour failed to detect your subtle
American sense of irony?
Of course, as someone else pointed out in the parallel thread, the
diplomats thought of it as well, and limited airspace to a hundred
somethings (can't remember what. Kilometres I assume. If it was miles
some eccentric-orbit spy satellites might get into the airspace. Though
it is hard to imagine the CIA paying their Iraqi taxbill for
reconnaissance overflights).
In general sf is of no help in predicting the future. But it sometimes
means that when the future comes the questions we have to answer don't
take us quite as much by surprise as they do some of our neighbours.
Even if we don't always agree on the  answers. Anyway it is fun, so hie
thee to the nearest bookshop and get into the backstory.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-17 14:41:17
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation (GPS convicts) 
I think they are afraid of being sued if anyone anywhere in the USA
claims to have been hurt or inconvenienced or discriminated against due
to one of the company's products. "How can you say you are safe? You
employ KNOWN DRUG ABUSERS!"
At a previous employer of mine - a very large US  company -  checks for
drugs & so on came in about 5 years ago. Also, to intense bad publicity,
tests for HIV and other diseases (because of health insurance,
supposedly).  They didn't apply to existing employees except in safety
related jobs. Very much the flavour of the month, because of news
articles blaming drunk or drugged train drivers, machine operators & so
on for causing accidents. As our company has lost or killed maybe couple
of hundred people in industrial accidents in the previous decade or so
we were sensitive to it. Though why they wanted to extend it to workers
who didn't drive anything more lethal than a desk was beyond me. Here in the UK (things may be different in the US) it is probably easier
for someone with a criminal record to get a  job with government or
public bodies, or with charities and non-profit organisations,  than it
would be with a private company. Though of course it depends on the
nature of the record.
I doubt if  a 30 yearold record for hemp is going to lose anyone any job
at the moment in Britain.  It might even be a qualification fro getting
elected to Parliament. For about 6 months now prominent politicians have
been queuing up to "confess" to having smoked dope in their mis-spent
youths. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-17 14:57:00
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: BayTSP: anti-digital piracy startup 
Their website doesn't exactly inspire confidence. Grindingly slow,
almost contentless, no clues at all as to what they are proposing to
actually do to shut down the sites, which is the hard part. No
implication of automatic shutdown, they just say they will notify
people. So all they are selling is a search engine really. They are just
offering to search the web for files which you claim you own. There is some handwaving about timestamps and digital signatures - their
very tedious  Flash presentation implies that they copy, sign  and
timestamp the allegedly offending website and make two CDs of it,
sending one to the ISP and one to their customer.  Also screenshots.  No hint as to what to do if the "infringer" sues you for copying their
website onto a CD. No hint as to what they do if two of their customers
claim to own the same content. No hint as to what they do if I claim
that I own some files just to sick them onto Disney or Murdoch. (Not
that it is hard to guess - as always with these things, he who dies
employing the most lawyers wins).
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-24 12:33:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self defence 
[...]
Actually Sandy, it was Italy. I haven't got the faintest ideas what the
laws on self-defence are in Italy. And I'm bloody-well sure Jim doesn't
either. Whay are you arguing with himn? We saw long ago that, for reasons he may
well understand but most of us don't, Jim will never admit that there
may be a factual mistake in anything he writes. He always tries to
redefine terms, bring up irrelevancies, alter emphases, to make
something that looks factually wrong seem as if it might just about have
been true in context. If Jim writes 20 things down, 19 of which are true
and someone objects to the 1 that is false, any following thread turns
into a ducking and weaving semantic flamewar about the one false
So a discussion about whether the Italian police were right to shoot
someone in Genova turns into an argument about the momentum of model
rockets - all because Jim can't bring himself to say something like: "I don't know, I wasn't there, I guess if the police account of what
happened is true then they might have been in fear of their lives, so
maybe we can't blame them for shooting. On the other hand, maybe the
news accounts are faked or exagerated and they were just picking on the
guy. I can't tell, I wasn't there and I haven't talked to anyone who
But the words "I don't know" seem hard for some people to write down :-(
Ken Brown  (who doesn't know why he is joining the argument, when he has
work to do)

@_date: 2001-07-25 15:46:29
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Choate Testing His ASAT Again? 
AAAAAAAAAARGH! The Colour Out of Space!  Run away!

@_date: 2001-07-26 13:03:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Persistance of [was: Urgent Business Proposal.] 
It's been going on for years. Before there was the Internet they used to
use faxes, and before that ordinary mailshots. Actually, quite a lot of this activity comes from the UK. :-)  And I
think Germany as well. Though it was Nigerians who started it.
Actually I think it's kind of funny, all those clever Africans making a
living out of exploiting the stupidity and greed of Europeans. It is
such an egregiously obvious scam. The sort of message with "This is a
trap!" written all over it in big, friendly subtextual letters.  But
enough people fall for it to make it worth their while.
People have been arrested for it in both Britain and Nigeria. There is a
good chance that at least some of the spam is in fact trawling by LEOs.
Think of it as evolution in action. The only people who fall for it (and
there are some) are both very criminal and VERY stupid. I mean, if someone you had never met in your life came up to you in the
street and said "give me 100 dollars, and I will go away and steal 1000
dollars from some defenceless poor people and them I'll come back and
give you half"...
I've got no problem with freedom of speech. If some nasty man wants to
make a criminal suggestion to me, that's his business. I don't need to
answer if I don't want to. Neither do you. Live with it.
I've got mild problems with the spam but this one is way down the list
of current irritations, well below "Credit card limits" and "US wives"
and those odd messages in Spanish with the crappy HTML that hangs my
browser for 10 seconds.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-27 12:20:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
Over here in t he UK there is a company called Railtrack that about 20
million people would be happy to see executed :-)
There is surely no suggestion that the individuals cease to be liable,
just that the whole company is as well?
But if the corporation as a whole is killed the shareholders lose their
investment. XYZ inc no longer exists, there are no shares, no dividends.
Presumably the assets of the company get sold off at public auction like
houses with unpaid mortgages, or cars picked up off the street. Most businesses have competitors, who will no doubt be happy to pick up
the sales. Along with the assets, sold off cheap. It will penalise the workers, which might be more important to
government, because they will have votes and a large company will have
many votes, which might be very concentrated. Not much of a problem in a
big city, where there are always other jobs, but in a small town or
semi-rural area a single employer might be a huge part of the local
Shareholder pressure should do that very effectively. If the managers
break the law, you lose your investment. A big boost to corporate
My previous employer's business directly killed about 200 people  during
the years I worked there. I mean directly, in industrial accidents, I'm
not talking about pollution or product liability.  But shareholder
pressure would have been very effective in helping keep things safe. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-07-27 13:48:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self 
Over here in Europe,  the Carabinieri are still big news. People aren't
so much focussing on the dead man (maybe because it does look like
self-defence) but on what the apparent revenge taken by the police
and/or carabinieri on others after the main business was over. The IMC
is getting the most attention.  There are supposed eye-witness reports
from people associated with various  Christian and Green organisations,
who claim they were no-where near the violence, in fact avoided the
streets  because of the violence, yet were picked on by the cops
afterwards.  BBC account:
There has been a radio interview, broadcast a number of times, with a
man who claims that the cops lined up to take kicks at him as he lay on
the floor. Very effective, as he breaks down and cries part way through
as he says he was convinced he was going to die. Says he blacked out,
and woke up again, only to be kicked in the head again. Is still in
hospital with a punctured lung amongst other things.
These guys are not young thugs out for a fight, most of them are
thirties, some older, and they are mostly well-educated people with
jobs. In other words they probably have friends who are lawyers and
journalists (well, some of them are journalists themselves). So they
probably know how to make a fuss that their own governments will notice.
Whether or not the Italian government will pay any attention is another
matter (Although the city government in Genova itself seems to now be
objecting to what went on).
There are also rumours (maybe no more than that -
about collaboration between police, right-wing organisations, and the
Italian government. If you believe all this then there seems to have
been an element of Italian military who took the opportunity to put the
frighteners on just about anyone they didn't like - Greens, pacifists,
trade unions, socialists, whatever. Berlusconi is a famously dubious
piece of work - friends with fascists (real ones, not just the ordinary
authoritarian conservatives that lefties like me love to call "fascists"
as an insult);  and he has  an egregious monopoly on Italian
broadcasting.  How independent are "private" TV stations and newspapers
when the guy who runs them is also the man in charge of the government?  Big government (and big business, which is always in bed with big
government and often has more in common with big government than it does
with small business) need protests to keep them awake. Without protest
they become managerial, think they can make decisions  for everyone else
and just get away with it. At best they like to "consult", in other
words, they call a meeting, send some minor bureaucrats to take minutes,
let the people say what they want, then do what they were going to do
anyway. The protest, the demonstration, if necessary the riot, is the
other side of the democratic coin. If the people just take orders, then
the government will carry on just giving orders. Of course in Italy
nowadays big government and big business are the same people.
Ken While we're at it,
 is a
webcam on a lighthouse at the entrance to the harbour at Genova, just in
case you fancy some Mediterranean sunshine :-)

@_date: 2001-06-07 10:39:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: THE NICE THING ABOUT THE NEWS FROM NEPAL... 
Indeed, and also "autoregicide". There are few opportunities for that.
Apparently it is not the Done Thing in Nepal to accuse the king of any
wrongdoing - in fact he has immunity from all prosecution or legal
process. (Here in UK you can sue the monarch & it has happened now and
again). So they were forced, when Dipendra (did I spell that right) way
in intensive care but legally king to say he didn't do it because as
king he could have done no wrong.
There is a way out of their logical cleft stick. As prince (if we assume
the initial reports are true, which of course we don't know) he was a
murderer. He became king as soon as he had done the deed. As king he was
the embodiment of justice and promptly executed the culprit, himself.

@_date: 2001-06-07 10:50:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Incompetent posts by fool at prison.net 
By using edit commands to "s/  / /" then word-wrapping it like this
off-topic post quoted from latimes.com merely as an example (and for the
silly Thatcher comment - she is so widely hated that Labour were putting
her on their ads!):
LONDON--Britons voted in bright sunshine on Thursday in an election that
opinion polls forecast would make Prime Minister Tony Blair the first
Labour leader to win two successive full terms of power. Polls predicted
a landslide victory for Blair despite dire warnings from Conservative
icon Margaret Thatcher that Britain was headed for an "elective
dictatorship" if Blair was returned to office with another big
majority.  Some bookmakers even paid out on a Labour victory days before
the 45 million electors started making their choice. Voting was to end
at 10 p.m. (5 p.m. EDT) and the result was expected early on Friday.  The bitter campaign debate over Britain's membership of the euro,
opposed by the Conservatives, hung over election day.  The pound buckled
to its weakest levels against the dollar in 15 years as  uncertainty
swirled around Blair's intention to lead the country into European
economic and monetary union. Sterling also fell to two-week lows against
the euro for the second day running. Investors bet that a hefty majority
for Labour would give the government a green light to join monetary
union sooner rather than later. Analysts say sterling needs to be lower than current levels to join the
euro, the currency of its main trading partners.  Apathy was the big
danger for Blair, who has pushed his party from the left wing toward the
center of British politics while the Conservatives have edged further to
the right.  When Blair swept to power in 1997, the turnout was 71.5
percent -- the lowest figure since World War Two. BIG LABOUR MAJORITY FORECAST  The latest polls forecast that Blair's majority in the 659-seat House of
Commons would be bigger than the 179 he garnered in 1997 to end 18 years
of Conservative rule.  Blair's northern England constituency of
Sedgefield was bathed in sunshine when voting began.  Among the first to
vote was 61-year-old William Maughan who said: "I voted for Tony because
I have always voted Labour and he's trying to get the country on its
feet. There are a lot of things to put right and you can't do it all at
once."  In the adjoining constituency of Richmond, ironically held by
Conservative Party leader William Hague, the 30 voters who turned up in
the first hour were outnumbered by the media awaiting Hague's arrival. Local milkman Colin Graham said: "If a pig was put up around here he
would get in for the Conservatives. Nobody votes Labour. If they do,
people think they are a bit odd."  Hague fought a dogged campaign to
"save the pound" and stop Britain adopting the euro -- but pollsters
predicted the party of Thatcher and Winston Churchill, which dominated
20th century politics, could be heading for oblivion in the new
millennium. There were forecasts that if the Conservatives did badly,
Hague -- reported to have come within seconds of a mid-air collision in
his campaign helicopter -- could be replaced.  During the campaign, politicians were accused of fighting a lacklustre
battle short on contact with "real people." John Prescott, Blair's
portly and pugnacious deputy prime minister, provided the only
spontaneous spark when he felled with a left jab a protester who hurled
an egg at him. Blair and Hague sought to seduce the voters from diametrically opposed
corners. Hague argued: "The battle lines are very clear. A re-elected
Labour government, by hook or by crook, will scrap the pound."  Blair,
who has promised a referendum on the thorny currency issue within two
years, retorted: "The issue of the euro is not the issue for this
election."  For the crucial swathe of middle-class voters in England,
the burning issues were better schools, better hospitals and a better
police force.  As always, the economy was the big battleground and here
Blair could play his trump card --
unemployment and inflation are at their lowest for a generation. Like former U.S. president Ronald Reagan, Blair has become a "Teflon
leader," to whom bad news refuses to stick.  He has maintained his
popularity despite a popular revolt against fuel prices, severe
flooding, a disastrous public transport network and a foot-and-mouth
epidemic which delayed the election for a month.

@_date: 2001-06-07 11:03:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
What, never?
Well, hardly ever...
I hereby invalidate your claim for ever by moaning, off-topically, about
the spread through England of supermarkets and shopping malls in
neo-vernacular industrial yellow brick with colonnades of semi-circular
arches and lots of exposed metalwork painted in primary colours, that
look like a cross between an early C19 railway shed, a  C5 Roman
military stables and something you might knock up un a few minutes with
a decent Lego set. Once they were pleasant to the eye, now they are a
clichi. And also by asking if such things are ever seen in North
America? (after all you aren't short of sub-Norman-Shaw large private
houses and educational buildings & that is one of the origins of this
consciously anti-contemporary style)
Ken I-am-not-a-professional-I-am-a-working-man Brown :-)

@_date: 2001-06-07 13:36:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: THE NICE THING ABOUT THE NEWS FROM NEPAL... 
She should come to Britain to finish here college education (along with
Chelsea Clinton) where the idea that the police or the courts should
prevent a woman of her age from drinking beer or wine would be seen as

@_date: 2001-06-07 18:03:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Will the real Slim Shady please shut up 
Clue me in here chaps - what's the deal with anyone censoring anything
at all? You guys are always telling us that your nth amendment
guarantees freedom of speech unlike us poor benighted eurosheep. If you
now tell me that freedom of speech doesn't actually apply on commercial
radio... No wonder so many foreigners listen to the BBC World Service. If you are
going to have government-censored radio and thinly veiled propaganda you
might as well have *good* government-censored radio and thinly veiled

@_date: 2001-06-11 14:19:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
An excellent recipe from Reese, though  he is remarkably easy on the
garlic. I would include an entire head of garlic.
The meat dish described below should be eaten with Jerusalem artichokes
mashed with butter and black pepper - some pureed suede (if you call
them that - large, sweet, orange turnips) could be included for extra
flavour. There should also be an a salad of traditional lettuce (not
iceberg), hard-boiled eggs, black olives aubergines fried in olive oil
(I think you Americans may call them eggplants), red onions, and a
selection of different kinds of bean, dressed with  garlic and wasabi
beaten into real (i.e. made with olive oil and raw egg) mayonnaise.
The drink *must* be Guinness and you must drink at least 4 pints of it. Reese missed out the delivery process, always important in chemical
warfare. This is in fact a binary munition. The inert component consists
of either a strong double espresso coffee and cigarettes, or else
ordinary water. About 6 to 8 hours after the meal - earlier if you feel
necessary - you visit the target location with the other components.
Then just stand around sipping espresso and smoking.  This of course is
easier to achieve if the target is a cafe. If you have moral objections
to smoking, a similar binary effect can be obtained by drinking 2 to 3
litres of cold water very fast.
Ken

@_date: 2001-06-11 14:21:35
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
Not in the interests of social justice. In the interests of advertising,
sales, and ratings.

@_date: 2001-06-19 12:01:43
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: napster: civil disobedience re: copyright laws 
Steve Schear posted:
Which men, in England, were burned at the stake for "burned at the stake
for writing
texts that were critical of the Crown"?
Decapitated maybe, but not burned at the stake... definite revisionist
history in the making here.

@_date: 2001-06-20 10:02:31
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Rental Cars Now Big Brother Enabled 
He signed the contract, he should pay up. It all looks perfectly fair to
Of course, if he can afford a decent lawyer, the courts will be tied up
for months with debates on the reliability and audit trail of the system
that checks the cars speed - I hope for their sake that that company are
well-versed in the kind of thing discussed in the Risks list :-)

@_date: 2001-06-21 19:04:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Steele's brain on intelligence 
More like Hettinga crossed with Tony Hollick (anduril at cix - he featured
in some instantiations of the old net.legends FAQ).

@_date: 2001-03-01 10:47:00
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Another Wiretap Criminal Exposed 
Same here back in Blighty - or rather the "crown" or the "throne" or the
monarchy in general - which is not actually an individual person in our
wonderfully fictional law  but a perpetual corporation which at any one
time has only one member. The king dies, the crown doesn't. Which is why
(in the UK) crown copyright doesn't end, and why (in most places)
monarchs call themselves "we" when on the job.
Not really I think. If I remember correctly the historical origins of
this in England were in the middle ages when the central monarchy was
trying to get power from the localities. There was a general move of
authority from local courts and private justice, first to the common law
courts  (which used one law over the whole country, and were the King's
courts, even though working with law based on the traditional laws of
England), then to Equity (where the crown-appointed judges were able to
make er, sorry, reinterpret, law) then to statute law (where Parliament
made it up as it went along).
So it was more about power politics than philosophical benefit.
Though I bet that if you asked a late mediaeval lawyer about the
philosophy they'd tell you that it is because a crime is something that
threatens society. Murder, theft, rape, arson, treason & all those
things are threats to us all and should be pursued by the courts even if
victims don't wish to follow them up. Some other, more private wrongs
(lying, cheating, adultery, defamation, unauthorised copying) just lie
between the people concerned because they aren't a danger to the
solidarity of society as a whole.
And I guess that if you asked an early mediaeval lawyer they'd have said
that the reason we need the King's law at all is to limit revenge - that
without it society would collapse into vendetta.

@_date: 2001-03-01 11:00:15
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not 
Surely the classic network effect is railway gauge? And about as hard to deny as the sun rising in the east.

@_date: 2001-03-01 11:02:06
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,   
Of course, as any text grows longer the probability that it contains any
other text approaches one... just more or less slowly.  Godwin's law
needs some quantification.

@_date: 2001-03-01 19:34:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Independent Institute Response To Phillip 
Serious missed point alert for the Lizard  here!
The point about the "network" effect is that it is suggested that there
is a natural monopoly in the supply of certain goods. When most other
people have one of two competing products then in makes sense to buy
that one for compatibility. So it isn't that *stupid* people buy
microsoft, but that *rational* people buy microsoft.  This has nothing to do with the product or standard being "better", just
more popular. It could originate at random (the sums work like the sums
for genetic drift & founder effect  - maybe all economists should be
forced to read McArthur & Wilson. Or even better RA Fisher :-) but once
one way of doing things has taken the lead, there is a natural positive
feedback, and that one is likely to become the de facto standard. Bloody obvious really. Back in the 1980s when we all got our first word
processing software then we all got the ones our friends and colleagues
used so we could share floppies with them.  It can be argued that MacOS was "better" than Windows (I'm not saying it
was, just that it can be argued that it was) or VMS "better" than Unix,
VM better than MVS, Token Ring better than ethernet, X400 better than
SMTP, ISO/OSI better than the ARPA Internet, Big-endian chips than
Little-endian, almost anything better than Novell Netware, paper tape
than punch cards,  Betamax than VHS, PAL than whatever the other kind of
TV is, driving on the left than driving on the right, broad gauge rail
than narrow gauge... what can't really be argued is that in  these
special cases once most existing users  go for one kind, new users ought
to go for the same one.  If the defacto standard is owned by a private company, then there is a
monopoly. People who don't like monopolies may want to either liberate
the standard or confiscate the company.
That's what the argument is about - nothing to do with lefties thinking
people are stupid or educable.  Us lefties (& as far as I can tell I am
the only one contributing to cypherpunks at the moment) don't think
buying Microsoft products is stupid, or a matter of following fashion.
(We think that buying McDonald's is stupid but that's another point
entirely :-) Oh crap, you ignoramuses wouldn't recognise a Socialist if one but you
on the bum. Not that I'm offering.
You mean you would argue *against* the free market (which is what you
mean when you say "capitalism" - but don't worry, nearly all Americans
muddle them up so you are in good company)  and in favour of central
planning if you though the free market was morally better? Odd or what?
No, that's the moral argument for free trade. It happens to be correct,
but that's beside the point.
Who cares what the stupid people want to buy? Anti-trust laws are to
stop clever people buying what they want to buy.
Much more likely it is just a random event. Someone had to be top of the
pile & whoever it was was likely to clean up. Actually MS still isn't
the largest computer company in the world - I think Intel, Cisco & IBM
(still) have more turnover. MS is just the most profitable because
software is almost free to distribute. You may be right but if you are you don't seem to realise why. Tell me,
is ignorance bliss?

@_date: 2001-03-05 12:33:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Network crypto is not enough: One example of why. 
A touching faith that no muggers read cypherpunks. Or, perhaps more
importantly, no-one who might be in the market for cheap 2nd-hand

@_date: 2001-03-05 19:49:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown & Packet, et.  al. 
I'm here, but being English I politely look the other way and say
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-09 11:19:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: CDR: Re: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2001 Physical Meeting   Announcement 
Jim, You have a seriously wide definition of tyranny here! Try as I might, I
have trouble seeing how arguing  in public against a proposal you
disagree with is "trying to impose".  If Declan went round to .xxx
people and locked them in jail till they gave up - *that* might be
incompatible with being a proponent of individual freedom. But speaking
to some people in a bar? Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-10 10:28:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Private Secretary Of The Most Honorable Sir 
Nope. Old English had a large number of pronouns we don't. "anyone ... they" might actually be nearer to the Old English than "anyone ... he"
which is a modern English construction. I don't know enough Old English
to know what the normal word in this context would have been. I suspect
it would have been either "hwaet" or "man" but I know it was at least
sometimes "the" or "thu" which could (arguably) have survived into
modern  colloquial English orally as "they" whilst being suppressed from
the formal written language by the early modern fashion for prescriptive
Latinity. Either way, "tell anyone what to read if they had a reason to"
is perfectly good English, it is a construction that was used by Malory,
and Chaucer, and Shakespeare and objecting to it in this way is false
pedantry. Also "anyone ... he" is (in England at any rate) rather formal. "anyone
... they" would have been more common in my childhood, but the most
common way of saying it would have been "tell you what to read if you
had" with no implication that it really meant you yourself.  The "he"
form is something we were supposed to learn at school, along with not
saying "ain't" (which we didn't much anyway) and "innit" (which we did,
and I do, all the time). If you went to a posh school you were taught to
say "one" instead of "you" or "they". ("If one went to a posh school one
was taught..."). That might have got you beaten up at my primary school,
certainly laughed at.  "
But then I'm from the south of England, in'I? And I'm fed up with people
telling me that something that has been a part of my language for over a
thousand years should now be abandoned because it is supposedly an
innovation. Or is it just that when you said "Old English" you really meant "Early
Modern English"? :-)
Ken Brown "Hige sceal ~e heardra, heorte ~e cenre, mod sceal ~e mare, ~e ure mfgen

@_date: 2001-03-10 14:31:04
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Private Secretary Of The Most Honorable Sir 
[... boring rant snipped ...]
I should have known better than to cut & paste straight from a text with
thorns in it.  That little sig would have better been:
"Hige sceal the heardra, heorte the cenre, mod sceal the mare, the ure
maegen lytlath."

@_date: 2001-03-12 09:51:50
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
Oh, all you want is enzymes then? I bet we can rig something up with
bacteria.  When it comes to making chemicals - well, chemicals without
annoying heavy metals in them anyway - microbiology is your friend.
Things that want nothing more than to reproduce themselves 3 times an
hour tend to be quite easy to get hold of in bulk :-)  Kinder to the
neighbours as well, unless you are in Iraq, Afghanistan, or Sudan in
which case those nice men from the Pentagon will be sending a cruise
missile your way as soon as they hear that you are getting into
production scale.
On the other hand I had this vague idea that peroxide sort of decomposed
itself. And I bet burnt protoplasm buggers up the exhaust nozzles no
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-13 11:20:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Toy gun ban: This is pleasantly insane 
One of the fun things about reading lists like Cypherpunks is that I get
to see how little most people know about the world outside their own
backyard.  Every time the gun thing comes up some Americans react
incredulously to British laws and we get people predicting that gun laws
over here are about to provoke some sort of libertarian backlash. It's not going to happen. Right or wrong, almost everyone in the UK is
in favour of the complete banning of handguns when they think about them
at all.   In fact almost no-one cares, and of those who do care almost
everyone is in favour of the ban. Hemp smoking will be legalised in the
UK before handguns are.  In fact, to be honest, the legalisation of
heroin is less unlikely than handguns (not that either will happen any
time soon). After all more people in Britain use opiates than use guns. The view of British society  that you are getting is probably biased by
the people who post in places like this. We get the US just as wrong of
course. The normal British view of the gun laws in the US  (again,
normal amongst the very few who notice or care what goes on in a foreign
country)  is that the majority of reasonable people are somehow being
held to ransom by a tiny "gun lobby" of crazed right-wing fanatics.
People here seem to expect that you will come to your senses one day and
"do something" about the "gun culture". They are typically surprised to
find apparently normal, sane people defending the sale & ownership of
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-15 20:37:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [Fwd: IWF newsgroups policy summary paper plus John Carr's submission] 
Cross-posted without permission from another list. This one's on-topic
in a know-your-enemy sort of way. As near to a reasoned argument for net
censorship as you can get. Needless to say I disagree with it. (As does
Yaman - he is merely the messenger here). The section that begins "The
fact that the Internet is an international medium " is particularly
The IWF is a UK ISP's club, John Carr is a well-known campaigner against
freedom of speech, the issue is whether ISPs should be expected to
censor newsfeeds. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-19 10:20:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Did you notice 
I'm sure it does, but of what?
I think the murder rate in Britain is about 1/6 of what it is in the
USA. (I mean rate, not actual numbers, this is not a 28% paternity
error). And the proportion of people killed accidentally is far lower
here as well.  We are perhaps a fine example of finding ways to live

@_date: 2001-03-19 11:32:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [OT] kuro5hin.org || 12 Year Old Girl Commits Suicide AfterChristian 
Nope :-)
The Roman Empire was already officially Christian when the Visigoths
attacked the city in 408 & 410. It had sort of been for a hundred years,
but non-Christian religions had only begun to be banned by the Emperor
Theodosios in the 390s.
Christianity was probably still a minority religion in most provinces,
but the majority of the population of Egypt & Syria were probably
Christian, and perhaps also Africa (i.e. more or less what we now call
Tunisia & parts of Algeria).  In the rest of the Empire the
city-dwellers tended to be Christian, especially the working classes,
the slaves & the poor, but the country-folk were mostly not Christian - hence the word "pagan" which simply means someone who lives in the
country, as opposed to the city.  Of course in those days peasants were
the vast majority of the population & the urban working-classes a small
The aristocracy of the city of Rome itself was one of the last sections
of society to be won over to the new religion. But the royal family (this was one of the rare bits of history when Rome was actually ruled
by a dynasty in which Emperor succeeded Emperor without civil war) was
thoroughly Christian,  maybe even fanatically so.  Of course they had
little connection with the Roman city aristocracy being a military
family of  Spanish origin with the habit of marrying Greeks or
barbarians. (There is some speculation that the reason Theodosios got to
be Emperor in the first place was that he was the only senior army
officer left who wasn't a German - and he managed to marry most of his
female relatives off to the German officers PDQ - presumably to get and
keep them on his side)
The Goths also been Christians since before most of the Romans were.
They were mostly followers of the Arian heresy, which caused some mutual
stress & recrimination. It was one of the reasons that they never
managed to control Gaul for very long - the local aristos were mostly
Catholic - a century or so later the kings of the Franks became Catholic
and settled down to found France. Paris has always been worth a mass.
When Alaric's troops sacked Rome he went for an audience with the Pope.
His policies were mostly pro-Roman  and always pro-Christian, though he
didn't let either of those get in the way of a good pillage.  His cousin
Athaulf married Galla Placidia, the younger sister of the Emperors - not
apparently against her will.  She later became arguably the only woman
to rule Rome in Imperial times as Emperor, i.e. "Augusta", in her own
right. The really *nasty* sack of Rome was a generation later, when the Vandals
did it over. (Odd how these words live on in the language "Vandal",
"Gothic", "Frank" and "Romantic" all have quite strong connotations
these days!.)
The Goths didn't want to destroy Rome they wanted to be part of it. More refugees than invaders. Illegal immigrants with attitude.
I strongly suspect that if they had met a half-pissed skinny bloke with
pagan tendencies in black leather with multiple piercings, white makeup,
and a penchant for the gloomy end of rock, they would have cut his head
off first and done the cultural analysis afterwards.
Ken Brown, off-topic, but pedantic.

@_date: 2001-03-19 16:34:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Did you notice 
Of course - that's the point.  Brits are no less violent than USAns, no
less likely to be criminal, no more polite or neighbourly  (in fact
rather less). But we are *far* less likely to be killed or seriously
injured by our neighbours, or by the State.  And part of the reason for
that is that "normal" people don't have guns in Britain.
Ken (still really not wanting to restart the Great Permanent Floating
Internet Gun Rant)

@_date: 2001-03-21 09:36:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [Fwd: Have they found a serious PGP vulnerability?!] 
Forwarded without permission from BUGTRAQ. I have no idea if there is
any substance in the rumour,  though I imagine there probably isn't. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-22 14:56:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Hints... 
Really? So murder, theft,  assault & battery were all unpunished by the
local governments in the new States from Independence until they got
around to passing new laws? Debts went unpaid without resort to the
courts, contracts were unfilled subject to no sanction other than the
opprobrium of neighbours? That the new United States were functional
anarchies until new legislatures imposed new rules?
I don't think so. What I suspect happened was that the administration of
local government and the local courts carried on exactly as before, that
office holders continued in office (even with the same title - which is
how you come to have "governors" and which is hardly a republican term),
judges continued to judge, juries to do whatever juries did back then,
administering exactly the same laws on the 5th of July as they had on
the 3rd.
Which of course is why, in a sense, it really was more of a "war of
independence" (as it is usually called over here on the downwind side of
the North Atlantic) than a "revolution". In a revolution everything is
up for grabs, things change and change fast. Revolutions get mixed up
with people like Jacobins, Bolsheviks, Hezbollah  (or for that matter
Diggers, Levellers and Ranters) who want to change everything from the
bottom up. In the USA that happened to some extent, but it was a process
that took decades, and nowhere near as root-and-branch as, say the
French Revolution. America the day after Independence was still in many
ways the same America that had been the day before.

@_date: 2001-03-23 13:05:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: hello 
I'm sure there are millions of ways to talk to FBI agents.  Walk up, look them in the eye, smile pleasantly but not too
affectionately, hold out your hand & say "hello". Choice of language shouldn't be a problem - English is probably best,
but Spanish works well & I'm sure they can handle a whole bunch of other
languages as well.  They even employ interpreters.
Of course getting to meet the agent in the first place might be harder.
You could look up their nearest office in the phone book, call them up
and say "I want to talk to an FBI agent". It might work.  Stranger
things have happened. If you were really keen you could drive round, walk in the door and ask
to see an agent. That way they couldn't just hang up the phone on you
when they found out you wanted to tell them that Elvis is living with
Indira Ghandi in an old B17 on the dark side of the moon. If they bodily
threw you out you could sue them.
In my limited understanding of the US system (I am neither a lawyer, nor
resident on your continent) I think you can get to meet FBI agents if
you are arrested for a federal crime.  The more serious the crime, the
longer the meeting. If you did something really nasty, such as saying,
for purposes of illustration of a political point, that certain
government officials needed to be killed, and making barely credible
suggestions as to how that might be brought about, then you could end up
talking to a great many FBI agents,  for many years, at the taxpayer's
If that's a bit extreme for you, you could always just hang around in a
bar near their office, maybe play some pool, talk about football, get
chatting over a few beers. It works with everybody else, I don't see why
the FBI should be any different. Except for the Mormons of course.  Hey, that's another idea, you could become a Mormon, go to Utah, find
out which temple (do they call them temples?) the local FBI types go to
and meet them there.  Maybe you could even marry one of them - I'm told
that Mormons go in for that sort of thing & I'm sure there are some fine
young agents of the appropriate gender for you. Then you could talk to
an agent every day in the privacy of your mutual home.
Then you could write a book about it called something like "talking to
FBI agents for fun and profit". Who knows, it might sell. After all
"Round Ireland with a Fridge" sold well & that is an even sillier idea.
Or of course you could send dumb questions to mailing lists about
something else entirely. Well, not completely dumb of course because
there are FBI agents who read this list, so in a sense you are *already*
talking to an FBI agent just by posting here. Isn't that cool?

@_date: 2001-03-28 10:52:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Any Internet Cafe - well any shop with any expensive goods in it these
days - is going to have TV cameras. Probably a bad place to be for
anonymity, if what you are doing is serious enough to expect
security-service or serious police reaction. If they can't trace your
cash they might be able to trace your picture. In general you would want to be in the biggest place you can find of
course. The best place to hide a needle is in a pile of needles -
haystacks are the place to hide hay. And it would help if it was in a big city. If you want to get lost, get
lost somewhere where millions of people get lost - London, Paris, New
York, huge cities where people walk and travel by train and bus. You
finish your business & walks straight into the crowd. A few changes of
Metro/Tube whatever & you could be anywhere. The getaway car is an
obsolete idea. In a car, they can see you from orbit. Or, more to the
point, from all the little machines on the roadside that take photos of
Physical anonymity is getting harder, but it's less hard in big cities.
There are a lot of anonymous people in cities. Those guys you see
sitting on the side of the road asking for money, they're anonymous. As
far as you're concerned anyway. Lost in the city. So just walk into the
biggest Internet Cafe you can find within 50 yards of a train station.
On-line anonymity probably works best through a layers of indirection of
course. RTFA :-)

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:02:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Slashdot | "Nuremberg Files" Decision Overturned 
The UK government is supposed to be considering a change in the law so
that the addresses of company directors are no longer public - mainly
because of the targeting of directors of businesses involved in animal
experimentation & the meat trade. At the moment you can get the names &
addresses of the chief officers of a limited company.
Ken

@_date: 2001-03-30 15:09:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: SPAM 
It's pretty light actually. Back in 1996/7 you could have seen thousands
of spem by now. Your problem is toad.com - there is no one central cypherpunks list, it
is in effect a number of lists that cross-post to each other. They
impose various degrees of editorial control, or not. (Almost) all of
them are open to postings from anyone - one of the points of the list is
to be a place where anonymous or unpopular postings are permitted.
The list working out of toad.com has some known problems and it is
probably not a good idea to be using it.  Jim Choate will probably be
along in a minute to tell you about his web pages at
 which would also fill you in on
some background and point you at some of the other mailing lists. There
has been a lot of good said about the cypherpunks at lne.com list, which I
haven't tried myself yet so can't comment on in detail. I think I'm
using majordomo at sirius.infonex.com at the moment, it's hard to keep
track. (Like a lot of people here I tend to join & unjoin using
different addresses - also I post from an address different from the one
I read it on)
ROFL :-) Do I really want to be around when the Doom generation grow up?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-03-30 16:45:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: your mail 
Classic bad move. Time to read up on your tradecraft Jim!
You need to meet in a public place, preferably crowded, where both of
you might be reasonably expected to be found. Railway stations are the
classic case - noisy, busy, everyone goes there, and you have an excuse
to either rush through in a hurry or wait for hours. Noise drowns out
voice far better than distance conceals it.  Airport departure lounges
are probably too quiet. *Very* busy large shops might work. Supermarket
aisle at 18:00 the last working day before Christmas. Big sports events
might be good.  Yeah, yeah, they have cameras - but you aren't
pretending not to *be* there - all you want is to be able to pass a note
or a few private words - the bloody cameras can't lipread through the
back of your head - if they pull you up you just say you were talking
about the game - after all, mostly, you were. Loud music events would be
great. As long as both of you look like the sort of person who belongs
there. Smelly bum + 40-something fat guy in  a business suit probably
would look out of place in a hardcore dance club, but might get away
with it in some other venue. In England, pubs are surprisingly useful
for this sort of thing. Residential areas where you don't live yourself are likely to draw
attention to you. As for "scouring the neighbourhood", it's hard to
think of a worse way. In the city thousands of people pass each other surreptitious packages
every day. How many get caught by cameras?

@_date: 2001-03-30 18:59:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
You mean you didn't get the hat? I thought everyone got the hat.  Fancy
not having the hat. Whatever next?  I'd watch out if I were you - Comrade Number One might be going to
denounce you at the next Central Committee meeting.

@_date: 2001-11-01 10:06:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Transparency Spray? [was Transperancy Spray? ] 
Reese asked:
Quite wet, because the combustion adds water vapour to the air. It won't
be much good at physically wetting things, because the air is warm, but
the water vapour is there and being hot will be chemically quite active.
Hold a piece of cool glassware near a bunsen burner  or candle flame and
you will see lots of condensation. No, not *that* near...
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-02 16:12:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Is list up? 
Bad from to send tests to lists but no traffic here from either lne or
one of Choate's. ? problems in lists ?

@_date: 2001-11-15 14:03:45
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: FBI wants to believe in domestic terrorists. 
Oy! I wanted to be an infiltrator!  Are you saying that I have to be an
Ken (lefter than a left thing) Brown

@_date: 2001-11-16 11:22:22
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Brothers in arms? (fwd) 
Jim Choate forwarded mail from  keyser-soze at hushmail.com:
Bacterial taxonomy is in a state of flux at the moment (that's an
understatement - trust me on this!). Lots of people don't think of  /Bacillus/ /anthracis/ as a separate
species at all - some taxonomists include it as a part of /B./ /cereus/
which is a very, very, common soil bacterium.  Bacteria have a sort of modular genome (*), they can sometimes snap-fit
bits of code in to do a set of related functions.  So there is, for
example, a  module, forms of which exist in many
not-very-closely related bacteria & which genetic engineers have
consistently and spectacularly failed to add to anything else.  There
are a great many   modules which move from
species to species quite freely. These "modules" are sometimes, but not
always, carried in plasmids which are bits of DNA separate from the
chromosome(s). (It is possible that some viruses may, in effect, be
descended from modules that "escaped")
related strains of a very polymorphic population that happen to have a
 module and an  module.  It is possible that
those "modules" could be passed to other species of bacteria, and
certain tyhat they can be removed from /Bacillus/ /anthracis/, which is
why you can get a non-virulent live form which can be used as a
vaccine.  (And why for some diseases a vaccine can be made from the
blood of a survivor).
If you have access to an academic library (or
 you could look at papers like: Ruiting Lan and Peter R. Reeves (2001) "When does a clone deserve a
name? A perspective on bacterial species based on population genetics"
(Trends in Microbiology, vol. 9 pp. 419-424, Sept 2001) Abstract: "Molecular population-genetic analysis has revealed that for
several human diseases, including tuberculosis, plague and shigellosis,
the generally accepted taxonomic status of the organisms involved does
not fit the usually accepted genus or species criteria. This raises the
question of what species concept to apply to bacteria. We suggest that
the species definition in bacteria should be based on analysis of
sequence variation in housekeeping genes, and also that the 'clone' be
given official status in bacterial nomenclature. This will allow
demotion of the species or genus status of several traditionally
recognized human pathogens, but retention of current names of anomalous
species and genera as clone names."
Ken Brown
(*) AFAIK I thought up that phrase and it is mine. But a simple Google
search shows dozens of other people thought of it too. Curses! Foiled
Again! And isn't the Science Citation Index wonderful?

@_date: 2001-11-16 11:29:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] OT: [postmaster@eth.net: Mail Delivery 
And posted a failure message:
from wonderful Dishnet who don't seem to realise that .doc, .ppt and
.xls, being in effect executable code, *are* hazardous attachments.
Of course, I strongly support the removal of *all* attachments and the
limitation of all email to ASCII text, or just possibly EBCDC between
consenting mainframes in private. Eschew all attachments. You know it
makes sense.

@_date: 2001-11-19 16:02:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Who Authorized This? 
Steve Schear posted:
Some of that might have been true of England in 1576. Much of it would
have been true of Spain in 1676. But if Mr. Sullivan really thinks  that
it is a reasonable description of Britain in 1776 then his idea of
history is so screwed there's no point in paying attention to him.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:43:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Cypherpunk failures 
Much too 1990s. These times suit more loyal-sounding names. "Programmers
Rally Against Terrorism"?

@_date: 2001-11-19 19:50:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
A propaganda weapon doesn't have to work, it just has to present a
threat of working to people who may or may not understand how it is
meant to work. It doesn't have to be a credible military weapon. A
kamikaze airliner isn't a credible *military* weapon against anyone who
can afford artillery. That didn't stop them though.
The tall pipe that others mentioned would work well enough to scare
people - all you need to do is find a way of convincing others that
you've done it. One idea was to set one up in a tall block of flats. You
know the sort where there is a 6-inch gap between flights of stairs in
the stairwell, so if you stand at the top and look down you see right to
the basement. There are abandoned 19 or 20 story blocks in grotty
suburbs of London with stairwells like that, I bet the same is true of
most big cities. You only have to break in for a single day.  You set a
number of lumps of U one above the other in such a way that when a
higher one falls onto one below it will take it with it - maybe just tie
them to the railings with thread, and put some old metal plates in the
way to stop them bouncing out of the stack. Use lumps of lead for
The topmost one can be released by any simple mecahnism. You then assert
publically that when the top one is dropped they will all cascade down
and assemble a critical mass on the floor below.   Hey presto, one big
propaganda coup, one mass panic and evacuation of big city. The building
will probably still be standing after it goes off, or fails to, but who
will want to be first in?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:39:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
I don't know if there is. I'll have to think about it. Any train of
thought that involves a distinction betwen "seller" and "buyer" is
probably going up the wrong track. As is any that involves a distinction
between "cash" and "goods?" Yes, I suspect. So we can think of it as
barter, but digital barter, so moneychanging *is* a good model. It is
sufficient to prove that you can do anoynymous, safe, digital
money-changing. The full, hard,  question then is something like this:
Is there are protocol that allows moneychanging between different forms
of digital money that
1) allows complete anonymity to both partners to a transaction, and
2) provides strong defences against fraud to both parties, and
3) works well if one partner has much more to lose than the other (&
therefore for arbitrarily large amounts) and
4) works without a trusted 3rd party (broker, bank, court, police,
godfather, whatever), and
5) can be relied upon for a single transaction - in other words the
partners have no previous knowledge of each other, and
need never have a further relationship.
The protocol needs to be stateless between trades. (though not, of
course, within them).  Everyone comes to the table with no history and
leaves it with no requirement to return.
Several slightly weaker cases are of course trivially possible, if we
allow some pseudonymity, or assume that the transactions are small
enough that fraud will hurt neither party. It is trivially possible if there are repeated pseudnymous transactions,
and there is enough time for the parties to build up a reputation.
Requirement (4) need not be true if both parties are allowed to have a
pseudonymous relationship with a  3rd party, but that just gets us back
to banking, which is boring.
It is also easy if only one party is really worried about fraud.
Ordinary cash transactions for small amounts work like that already. The
shopkeeper doesn't care who I am or, really, if my cash is any good. If
I pass him a few dud coins he has lost a tiny part of his turnover.  I
do care that the goods I am buying are good though. So he has to
reassure me of his reliability not the other way round. Though they do
care if lots of people start to pass forged coins. If their turnover is
high enough they have an interest in the average quality of money, not
the quality of any one coin. The system only has to be good enough, not
perfect. Pseudonymous exchange can be achieved  by breaking trades down into
small increments none of which is significant enough to damage either
player. If I'm going to give you a thousand pounds for 1600 dollars we
could do it a dollar at a a time and just withdraw - but we know this
already so no point in thinking aloud along those lines Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-19 21:37:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
Same here of course.
The only reason for mentioning it was that it is perhaps a  way people
who somehow got hold of the the fissile material, but otherwise had
access only to stuff you could pick up on the street,  could bodge
something together that that would scare others. I'd have no expectation
of a nuclear explosion from such a rig.  The only advantage is that it
is cheap and can be set up in a few hours and (perhaps) might make a
truly scary booby-trap. It might be even more effective if it didn't
have a timer. A few kilos of fissile uranium literally hanging by a
thread in a housing project would make the TV news worldwide. Back to Heinlein again...
Ken Brown
Shit. If the UK government passes this law they are proposing then this
email would probably count as illegal. And anonymous postings are often
so tedious.

@_date: 2001-11-21 13:40:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The bookburning begins... 
They forgot about "evil drug pushers" as well. British government
started to downgrade criminal punishments for hemp within days of this
business starting. They always wanted to (why waste all those police
wages  picking up kids smoking joints?)  but never dared to because they
think they will lose votes if they look "soft on crime". Every British
govt. since  at least 1950s has talked louder than it has walked, most
ludicrously Thatcher's Tories who introduced scads of laws against
everything from dangerous dogs to playing loud music at parties, most of
which were never enforced at all. Anything for a headline in the
"Something Must Be Done" tabloid press.
Now there is a war on, and they can look hard by bombing Afghanistan. So
no need to pretend about hemp any more. They are even suggesting being
slightly softer on asylum seekers & illegal immigrants, a very
unexpected result.  Weird.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-21 16:46:34
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Gold 
[...] *Scott* Adams??????????
I think you mean the late Douglas Adams.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-26 12:57:54
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
AFAIK the US case law is the "Texaco principle" (maybe that is what a
previous poster meant...) which allows you to make copies for personal
educational or research purposes, but not as part of a profession or
business. IIRC scientists at Texaco made copies of a chemistry journal
and the company lost a case when the publishers sued them. I think it is the case that the student is allowed, under "fair use" to
make one copy of a small part of a journal for their own education and
research. It is possible that the teacher is allowed to make copies &
give them to the students (though not to sell them). But it is almost
certainly not allowed for a company to make such a packet as part of its
business. (The law seems to imply that education is not a business or
profession, which I have no problem  with, though I guess many
cypherpunks might).
As ever, AINAL & if I was I wouldn't be an American one. (Though I was
working for Texaco at the time of the court case & I now work in a
(British) university where we have to deal with similar copyright law as
it exists here)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-11-27 13:13:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
As far as I know people who use cows (or whatever) like this make it
work by running up all sorts of debts with each other. So it looks to
strangers as if they are being all nice and friendly and doing favours,
but of course A knows that B owes so many cows or goats or pots of beer
next time someone from village X marries someone from village Y,  while
B can call in at C's village any time they want and eat prawns, as long
as D has by then given some of those special beads made out of abalone
shell to F...  and so on. Great fun & entirely rendered obsolete by the
invention of double-entry book-keeping.
If our ancestors lived like that for a long while then maybe we are
evolved to remember those reputation tensors Tim mentioned. We all,
quite naturally, keep track of who owes what to who & whether they are
likely to pay up. So the tribe benefits from old folks who remember
exactly who brought what to which party years ago. Human beings as
natural book-keepers. It is a good a sociobiological Just So Story and
any other.
Of course we do stuff like that informally. My sister & her husband owe
me some money from when I helped them buy a car. But I,  quite
separately, owe him about twenty quid I borrowed to buy some beers - but
then he owes me a round or two next time we are in a pub - the debts
aren't commensurable (even though two of them are denominated in pounds
sterling). The "round" is a powerfully symbolic system of exchange and
reputation amongst British men (women sometimes join in, as do Irish &
Australians, though they don't *quite* get it).
As the Gikuyu proverb says "goats are not bananas".
Try searching the web for "Onka's big Moka" (you have to avoid
references to a band called Toploader that made an album with that
title) It was an all-time classic TV program about some guys in Papua
who had to successfully bring off a big party before the rainy season,
so that they could hand over loads of pigs to their rivals. Like a
potlach, with the added complication that, while you have the pigs, they
have to eat - pig-capital has negative interest rates.   But it wasn't
just pigs...

@_date: 2001-11-28 17:08:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "It's Proto-Indo-European for "money" " 
Just guessing for fun here, not looking them up  (My Oxford dictionary would tell me too quickly, as would any search engine, though maybe not
as authoritatively. I'll check them out in a day or two)
"Mark" is old word for borderlands. Sounds unlikely. Maybe it is related
to "market"?  I wonder if there is some word for "traveller" that is
behind "mark", "market", "merchant", or "march"?  A word for traveller
could come to mean a foreigner in one context & a pedlar or merchant in
another.  Stranger things have happened - one IE word, also meaning
traveller, lies behind both "guest" and "host" (in both senses) as well
as "hostile", "hospitable", "hospital", "hostel", & "hotel".   Or is it
"mark" as in sign or symbol, a coin "marked" with some token of the
issuers? And "marchen" (pardon my lack of umlaut) are folk tales.
(Travellers tales?).  "March" the month is the month of Mars (Ares),
associated with war - another possible link to borderlands but it sounds
too far-fetched, the old Germans had plenty of their own godlets without
importing Roman or Greek ones.
"Dollar" is "thaler" or "taler", German for "valley", and related to
English "dale". I half remember some story about silver  mined in
such-and-such a place being minted into Austrian coins called
thalers, later shortened to "taler" and used as such in north
America and the Caribbean.  Maybe there is a further connection to other
words implying low or things or states - dell, doldrums, dolour - I
think the resemblance between "dale" and "vale" is coincidence.
"crown" (AKA "krone", "kroner", "krona", "koruna") is  pretty obvious,
being coins stamped with a picture of a crown (presumably to show that
the king issued them) I've no idea of the earlier history of those
words. I guess that "crown" must be related to "corona". Perhaps it is
connected to "curve" or "circle" - no, that sounds far-fetched. It can
also mean the top of the head in English but that might just be a more
recent extension of meaning.
Many currency names originate as units of weight. Being British I think
of pounds and pence as money, so maybe "peso"/"peseta" were words for a
unit of weight, perhaps etymologically related to "pound" - that feels
more likely than a connection to "penny",  because there is a French
word for weight "pois", and Spanish is close to French.
A Florin is a coin stamped with a picture of a flower.  I think that was
the symbol of the city of Florence AKA Firenze, but the name has since
been used in Britain and Hungary ("Forint"). "Florin"  is recently
connected with "flower", "flourish" and so on & more distantly to
"bloom" I think.  Maybe a PIE root to do with blooming, flowing, flume,
or even flame????  Some idea of the sap rising in the spring & things
bursting to life?  German often has "f" or "pf" where we have "f" so maybe a connection to
"pflanzen" which has to be related to "plant" and I think distantly to
"clan" (via Celtic P<->K)  and maybe even "branch" and "clade" - the
idea of a tree? I think I need to go and lie down. And I mustn't even speculate about "penny", "pound", "lira", "lev", "lek", "lat" "dinar", "drachma",
"shekel", "sol",  "rouble", "rupee", anna, "dam", "s(c)hilling", "franc", "real", "rial", "riyal",  "escudo",  "afghani", and that
grotesque name for a currency, the "euro"? (Just saying that it is named
after Europe gets no points at all. Or even marks. Same goes for
"Afghani").  All (with 1 or 2 possible exceptions) good Indo-European
names. (I suspect "bolivar" isn't IE either). Not to mention the slang
terms - "bob", "quid", "nicker". You Americans have "buck" (no idea),
"quarter" (obvious but silly) and "dime" (? mispronounciation of
something to do with "decimal"?)
With luck, about a quarter of that bears some resemblance to truth. I
won't say I made it all up over a cup of tea in a break from work,
Ken Brown
Nuts! cypherpunks at lne rejected the posting!

@_date: 2001-10-01 14:00:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
In fact it is the normal condition. China, India, Russia, Indonesia,
Iran,  and even our very own UK. All put together, well over half the
population of the world.

@_date: 2001-10-02 14:00:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
And if you can put up a bloody huge enough launcher on the moon, (use
solar energy or nuclear - why not - it is one place in the system that
we don't care about pollution) then you can send material back all the
way to LEO by slingshot, and when it is captured by the facility at LEO,
if you do it right, you can get a "free" boost in orbit because of
greater orbital velocity of moon.
So the more you accrete onto your LEO station the higher it flies.  Why
not make it the size of Wales? Hello Earth Station One.
Well, 3 technically I suppose, Mir was One, the thing up there now is
Two. Can't really count Skylab.
There is a good fun fictional treatment of the lunar-driven space
station idea  by Donald Kingsbury "The Moon Goddess and the Son".
Written before the Soviet Union fell. In the book they get done in by
home-made cruise missiles built out of private planes & off-the-shelf,
computers, autopilots, and GPS  by Afghan refugees who studied aero
engineering in Europe and the US. I think it might be worth re-reading.
That and "Arslan" AKA "The Wind from Bukhara" by Madeleine (?) Engh.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-02 17:19:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
Once the catcher is high enough it ought to be possible to set the
launcher so that missed catches zip round Earth & head out. After all,
at Lunar OV it "wants" to be in a high orbit.  Achieving re-entry
through Earth's atmosphere - sorry that should be "entry" it wasn't here
in the first place - needs some precision.
And if the loads are anything smaller than a large truck, they ought not
to harm Earth anyway. Just a pretty light show for anyone watching the
skies. Nothing like as fast as natural meteors.
Moon-Earth flight time could be days. As many days as you want I suppose
as long as you are going faster than the Moon's escape velocity, and
certainly very many hours.  If you do it right there is no reason it
couldn't pass the station at almost any required speed.
Catching is the hard part. A plain ordinary net might have to do, at
least at first. Well, not *that* plain or ordinary. But it needs to be
light because it comes up from Earth. You have to start small, with
pea-sized consignments. Or baked-bean-can-sized. Then you work up,
making new equipment from stuff sent from the moon. Anything big enough to do damage on Earth will be visible from Earth. So
it isn't at all a useful weapons launching system. If you are trying to
drop big hot rocks on cities, they will have time to run away (low tech
solution) or phone up their sub commanders and tell them to light the
blue touchpaper (high tech solution). Same goes with knobs on for nukes.
The way to get a station into higher orbits is to start even higher and
drop stuff onto it from above.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-03 11:44:33
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
FYI it works fine from over here & has for a while. nslookup Name:    cryptome.org
Address:  161.58.201.197
Aliases:  nslookup jya.org
Non-authoritative answer:
Name:    jya.org
Address:  216.248.201.38
Do you mean that there really is only one nameserver? If so that would
be a large-scale dereliction of duty for a respectable ISP. Or that
there are two (or more) servers, but both your entries are on the same
ones? That would be OK.
Nasty computer programs written by clever but socially deprived authors?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-09 15:01:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
In general the provisional IRA (*not* the same people as the "real IRA",
who of course aren't) have given warnings when bombing what they would
regard as "civilian" targets, though not against the British military or
people they see as "collaborators" in Ireland.  There have been 3
explosions near buildings I've worked in, and in each case there were
police and firefighters there already. The Omagh business was quite
different and done by different people.

@_date: 2001-10-09 15:20:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Register on Anderson: "Times misquoted me - crypto expert" 
:-) The (London) Times is in a sad decline historical eminence as the paper
of record since it was taken over by Murdoch. It is basically run as a
loss-leader to preserve Murdoch's claim to respectability.  The Sun is
the archetypal contentless tabloid, where the methods of snide laddish
journalism developed in Scotland and Australia in the 1950s and early
60s were honed into a money-making behemoth in the 1970s before being
exported to the USA and other countries. Us Brits may not have invented
rock & roll but we perfected the populist tabloid headline. To be fair
the Sun has improved slightly in the past 4 or 5 years, but then it
could hardly have got worse. If it had become any more pornographic the
distributors would have moved it off the news shelves, if it had got any
more cynical and thuggish it would have lost many of its readers. Ross Anderson's letter to the times appeared on the UKcrypto list. Which
is archived, & therefore I guess crosspostable. Apologies in advance to
Ross if he didn't want to see it here. The stuff after the "=====" is
crossposted from UKcrypto.
The implication has to be that the Times is no longer a newspaper in
this context, but an instrument of government propaganda.
Ken Brown
The Editor,
The Times,
Dear Sir:
In Friday's article, `Secrets concealed by software' [1], you quoted
me as saying that rather than using steganography, it was `likely that
they [al-Qaida] sent thousands of innocent messages along with their
live orders, so that the secret information was missed.'
Your claim is untrue. I did not say that.
Your reporter called me and told me he had had a briefing from the
security services that al-Qaida were using steganography, that is,
hiding messages inside other objects such as MP3 files or images.  He
asked me whether I thought this was plausible. I replied that although
it was technically possible, it was unlikely; and that, according to
the FBI, the hijackers had sent ordinary emails in English or Arabic.
I explained that the main problem facing police communications
intelligence is traffic selection - knowing which of the billions of
emails to look at - rather than the possibility that the emails might
be encrypted or otherwise camouflaged. A competent opponent is
unlikely to draw attention to himself by being one of the few users of
encryption or anonymity services.
For just the same reason, he is unlikely to draw attention to himself
be sending unreasonably large numbers of messages as cover traffic.
Instead, he will hide his messages among the huge numbers of quite
innocuous messages that are sent anyway. Throwaway email accounts with
service providers such as hotmail are the natural way to do this.
Unfortunately, the story that bin Laden hides his secret messages in
pornographic images on the net appears to be too good for the tabloids
to pass up. It appears to have arisen from work done by Niels Provos
at the University of Michigan. In November last year, he wrote in a
technical report that he could find no evidence that messages were
being hidden in online images. By February this year, this had been
been conflated by USA Today, an American popular paper, with an
earlier FBI briefing on cryptography into a tale that terrorists could
be using steganography to hide messages [2]. Similar material has
surfaced in a number of the racier areas of the net [3], despite being
criticised a number of times by more technically informed writers [4].
It is unclear what national interest is served by security agencies
propagating this lurid urban myth. Perhaps the goal is to manufacture
an excuse for the failure to anticipate the events of November 11th.
Perhaps it is preparaing the ground for an attempt at bureaucratic
empire-building via Internet regulation, as a diversionary activity
from the much harder and less pleasant task of going after al-Qaida.
Perhaps the vision of bin Laden as cryptic pornographer is being spun
to create a subconscious link, in the public mind, with the scare
stories about child pornography that were used before September 11th
to justify government plans for greater Internet regulation.
Whatever the security services' motive, it is quite unclear to me why
a `quality newspaper' should have run this story, even after its
technical and operational implausibility were explained to you in
detail (see also `Al-Qaeda hid coded messages on porn websites' [5]).
Could you kindly publish this letter as a correction.
Yours Faithfully
Ross Anderson
Reader in Security Engineering
University of Cambridge
[1] [2] [3] [4] [5]

@_date: 2001-10-10 13:12:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards in profiling 
What's that officer, you want to look in my kitchen?
I do buy flat Turkish bread. My daughter likes it. And we have some
pickled chillis in a jar. And buckwheat, and olive oil. And dried fruit.
I even have Claudia Roden's Book of Middle Eastern Cookery. Actually I
have  Nosher  [must be a pseudonym?] Djan's book of Afghan cookery in
the other room.  I'll put my hands in the cuffs right now sir. And, yes, I have to confess, I have some chickpeas. And even a jar of
tahini. I went to this party, back in about 1976, and they had hummus,
and once I'd tried some I was hooked. A couple of years later I found
out how to make it and I remember sitting on the floor in a shared house
somewhere in Durham and eating home-made hummus and I realised that I
understood the ontological proof of the existence of God, and that if
you actually understood it it was obviously  true. Since then I haven't
quite been able to recapture that moment. Hummus on wholemeal bread,
hummus in pitta, hummus with breadsticks, hummus on salad, hummus with
lamb kebabs when walking home from the club at 3 am - no, I haven't told
you about the club yet, it doesn't matter, the Borough council closed us
down after a political argument but  -  yes, I'll come quietly, officer. Yes, those are my microscopes, and those are petri dishes, and I do have
a shelf-full of books on microbiology, would you like to see my degree
certificate? No, it's unpasteurised sheep's cheese. Anthrax doesn't look
like that. Well, it probably does smell a bit like that, I agree. Would
you like to try some?
It's a fair cop, guv.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-11 13:00:09
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
In Latin maybe. But English has this nice thing with countable and
non-countable forms of nouns. "That data" and "those  data" mean subtly
different things. Like "Some bread" and "some breads".

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:29:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Feingold amendment 
As a mere Englishman, I'm not quite sure what "table" means in this
context. My guess is that it means "put it on the agenda", i.e. fix a
time to discuss it later, but that doesn't look right here, because you
are saying that the amendments were rejected. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-12 12:37:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Bunker Buster 
If those figures are true (If I had a new weapon I wouldn't publish
exact details of its capabilities) then it achieves rather less
penetration than Barnes Wallis's tallboy bombs of 1944 (one of which
sank the Tirpitz).  If they use these things they'll surely  use them as simple deep
penetration bombs? The "nuclear" part of it, if any, will be the
depleted uranium inner casing, presumably a way of making it smaller.
Penetration of any bunker the Taliban are likely to have with such a
bomb will destroy it anyway, and putting a exploding nuke in will just
kill the sheep on the surrounding hillsides. We're not talking about
Cheyenne Mountain here. The old WW2 deep penetration bombs were huge things with fins, like a
cartoon bomb in a comic
The larger 1945 version of the Tallboy, called the Grand Slam,
supposedly penetrated over 7 metres of concrete when used in action -
but it did weigh ten tons & hit the ground at twice the speed of sound.
Apparently the shock of the impact did as much damage as the explosion,
causing structures to break up up to hundreds of metres away, literally
an "earthquake bomb".
Of course it is always possible that Dr. Strangelove is still in the
employ of the US military and that some insane looney  with a grudge
against sheep does want to use nukes. Sensible arguments about the
idiocy of developing new exploding nukes can be found all over the web -
the first google hit on B61-11 is  and worth reading.
FAS, as always, has heaps of stuff.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-12 12:56:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Is Bush Nuking Afghanistan Now? 
It is hard to imagine the USA going anywhere near nukes in this war. The
last thing any sane government would want is to lower the psychological
threshold against first use of nuclear weapons anywhere in the vicinity
of China or India. Even if Russia is on board.
There has been speculation about a possible future Islamist Pakistan
using nuclear weapons, and the US maybe trying to pre-empt that, but I
don't think that is likely either. If someone took over Pakistan & actually used their nukes against India,
I  suspect that the Indian military would roll over the country in 2
weeks flat. If not one week. India would probably have total support
from the US navy & airforce, & certainly from the British, if only
because the USA would desperately want to make sure that they got to
Islamabad before the Chinese did.  A month after the war you'd have a theoretically UN but in practice Indian  hegemony over what was left of
Pakistan. There would be  millions of Muslims expelled from Kashmir (& possibly
Gujarat and other provinces as well), and a supposed disarmament and
permanent occupation of the North-West Frontier districts probably
including the Panshir valley & parts of what would by then be
ex-Afghanistan as well. Chances are that the entire west of Pakistan and
the south of Afghanistan would have been hived off into an
semi-independent Baluchistan as a client state of Iran, which would
probably have retaken Herat while no-one was looking. Islamabad would be
all but dismantled and the rump of Pakistan ruled from Karachi, within
easy reach of the aircraft carriers.
Once upon a time that might have sparked off the 3rd world war with
Russia and the USA taking different sides in a war between India and
China. These days, I suspect they would all be in it together. A
Pakistan that had actually used its nuclear weapons would be  the 21st
century equivalent of Bolivia or Paraguay in the 19th.
And yes, it would be the final nail in the coffin of the Taliban and OBL
- but at the expense of hundreds of thousands dead, if not millions. And
no, it isn't worth it.
Those nuclear weapons are useful to Pakistan only as long as they
aren't  used (the military equivalent of the British monarchy if you
think about  it). As soon as they are used, because there aren't enough
of them to  destroy Pakistan's enemies - which in this case would be
India *and* China  *and*  Russia *and* Iran, none of which Pakistan
would have the slightest hope of beating - it would all be up for Pakistan as an independent country.  So what if you totally wiped out Delhi and Bombay. That just
means that the other 900 million Indians would be very, very, angry
indeed. And the rest of the world would be too shocked to stop them
fighting back, even if they wanted to. Pakistan's nukes are intended as
a deterrent against an Indian invasion. Once they are used, there is
nothing to stop such an invasion (if the Indians wanted to do it of
course, which right now they don't)
But the whole situation is, as diplomats used to say, delicate. For the
USA to use nukes first would possibly mess things up a lot.
Of course I am assuming that the rulers of the USA and India are sane.
Not very sane, but a little sane.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:05:00
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Canada slaughters civil rights 
Maybe they are like those money-losing airlines that laid off people
they would have laid off anyway and blamed it on the attack. Except in
this case they are claiming they would have done it anyway, knowing that
everyone will suspect they are lying and therefore assume they wouldn't
have because they know that we know that they know that we know... Well, maybe not.
(Kudos to Ryan Air, the low-price Irish airline which cut its prices and
kept flying, in fact they have opened new routes. They had a 20%
increase in passengers the week after, while the likes of Swiss Air &
Sabena were stranding travellers in remote parts.)
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:28:43
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
Without taking sides in your little local dispute over there, surely the
better analogy would be an ox realising that his food comes from the
killers of cattle?
Fat systems programmer decides to refrain from half-a-dozen bad taste
jokes about anthrax, cattle & sheep. But points out that the news media
might have covered it better if someone had told them that anthrax is
endemic in the USA and millions of people may have been exposed to
enough to have antibodies. Also decides not to discuss the current
literature on viable but non-culturable ("VBNC") bacteria which
generally concludes that culture methods often don't give a very good
indication of contamination.  Googling for Rita Colwell and cholera
might be informative.
"How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm, now that they've seen NY?"

@_date: 2001-10-17 14:20:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: ChefPunks 
I used to use them a lot. Great for beans et.c  And not as expensive as
a goode steamer :-)
Pressure cooker much faster to heat up. Also for large samples the water
adds heat to sample faster - food in an oven at 200 degrees is often not
much more than 100 inside while the outside is already roasting.
Personally I would quite like to keep microbiological samples separate
from my cooking equipment :-)
But oxygen is just the thing to be nasty to bacteria.  Hit them with
activated oxygen. Peroxide works wonders - kills all known bacteria
(yes, even spores) and doesn't permanently damage the environment :-)

@_date: 2001-10-17 14:49:44
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: .mil censor$ commerc. satellite imagery 
Multimap has that for the UK.  From planes I'm pretty sure.
has the building I work in.  Windows on upper stories clearly visible.
As are cars and vans in the street  - of course they are where they
where when the picture was taken, which was sometime before summer 2000
going by the building works in the British Museum at the bottom of the
Also proper maps, with contours and buildings and field boundaries and
so on.  It makes you wonder why anyone made a fuss about Arab-looking folk
taking photos of airfields and dams.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-18 09:56:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
I think I'm coming to believe the canard about Americans having no sense
of irony.  And even the one about New York and points East still being
more like Europe in some ways than it is like the USA south and west of
the Hudson.
Of course in JY's case it is sometimes irony that reads as if it has
been filtered through the fingers of one who has been to more than one
party since he last slept, and has read way too much art history and
cultural criticism.
A guide to you Pacific People. When us Atlantic People say something
with this little twitch in our voice (just listen - there - did you hear
it?) we mean the *exact* *opposite* of what we seem to be saying. And
when we use this sort of supercilious sneer (pay attention now, it is
very subtle) we mean both what we are apparently saying *and* its opposite, simultaneously, the two held in tension in an unstable melange
of fractal meaning.
It's a Good Life.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-19 18:51:46
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
I would be really, really impressed if Koontz had said all this *before*
the event. Afterwards? I hope he never publishes his theories on the
words of Bob Dylan.
Some hundreds of interpretations I guess. The world is full of art
historians and critics and cultural studies folk who can generate them
for as long as you like. We have a whole department of Art Historians
here at this very university. I bet they could find terrorist messages
in just about any painting you cared to mention, if you bought them
enough drinks.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-19 19:56:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
Maybe the CIA will now open an Art Historical and Symbolical Branch to
examine the works of artists for evidence of dangerous thoughts.
GK Chesterton got it right back in 1908:
"The work of the philosophical policeman," replied the man in blue, "is
at once bolder and more subtle than that of the ordinary detective. The
ordinary detective goes to pot-houses to arrest thieves; we go to
artistic tea-parties to detect pessimists. The ordinary detective
discovers from a ledger or a diary that a crime has been committed. We
discover from a book of sonnets that a crime will be committed. We have
to trace the origin of those dreadful thoughts that drive men on at last
to intellectual fanaticism and intellectual crime. We were only just in
time to prevent the assassination at Hartlepool, and that was entirely
due to the fact that our Mr. Wilks (a smart young fellow) thoroughly
understood a triolet."
(From The Man who was Thursday, chapter 4, copied from Christian
Classics Ethereal Library at
The website at  claims that the
drawings were made between 1983 and 1989.  There are signatures and
dates visible on the pictures. Even the Koontz article claims that they
have existed at least since 1998. If this is true they can hardly have
been a signal to the hijackers to go into action.  At the most, evidence
of the artist's state of mind.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-22 12:21:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
In general, no. But it happens now and again.  Governments certainly did
in (say) the old Soviet Union (until they changed tactic and starting
forcing them out of the city again).  And in wartime almost everybody
tries it. Some bits of the British Empire used "hut taxes" which were
never intended to raise significant revenue  to force self-sufficient
farmers into paid employment. (Also of course they hit harder on African
families, used to living in small compounds of separate huts each
equivalent to a room in a European house)
There have been plenty of situations where are worker is not free to
choose employment or to leave employment. Everything from outright
slavery to  various tricks with company stores and debt bondage. And if someone comes along with an army, conquers the country and says
"we own the land now, work for us or starve" most people will "choose"
not to starve. And if they then bring in pass cards and closed borders
and internal passports. most people will be unable to leave.  That was
true until very recently in many places: the old Soviet Union, apartheid
South Africa, parts of colonial south-east Asia, and  for Indians at
least in some parts of Central America. Would you want to bet that it is
no longer true anywhere?
It's trivial that free trade is better for poor people (usual
disclaimer: "on the whole, other things being equal, in the medium term"
- it is easy to invent a situation  in which some people, in some
circumstances, will be worse off permanently, or in which almost
everybody is worse of for a while. There are going to be losers as well
as winners).
But it is not trivial to assume that international fee trade, or free
trade between corporations, is always the same as freedom for
individuals. There can be "free" trade between slave-holding
corporations, like an old Soviet industrial enterprise trading with the
West. The bosses might be free, the slaves wouldn't.
Where local arrangements confiscate land and property and pass them into
the hands of states, or organised criminals, or corporations, or
individuals; then someone choosing to work rather than starve is not,
exactly, free. When the state makes the laws, and the state is
controlled by those who are already powerful, then the laws may be
written to suit the confiscators, and confiscation may be easily
disguised by legality. That can be as true for a plantation in a
"capitalist" country as for a collective farm in a "communist" one.

@_date: 2001-10-22 12:34:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: ENVELOPE STUFFING JOB 
I'm not at all sure that a large collection of anthrax spores would look
like a powder. These things are far too small to see individually. A
mass of them would look like a paste. Any visible granularity would
either be because they had agglutinated into larger particles in some
way, or because they had been mixed with a powder as some sort of
vector.  New emergency law in UK as of this week. Up to 7 years in jail for
biowarfare hoaxes.
In a world of cheap DNA sequencing, these well-known bacteria bear their
ancestry with them like an audit trail. They are *American* anthrax. Why doesn't the FBI let some of those Arabs go without torturing them,
and pick up some of the workers from their own biowar labs?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-24 12:23:28
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and 
So we get either the Caves of Steel   or the Naked Sun?
I'd go for the former, being a city boy, but I guess T. May, H. Seaver &
D. Honig  might prefer the hyper-exurbia of the latter.  One step from
the Machine Stops - set not in the ultimate city but in the ultimate

@_date: 2001-10-25 13:28:20
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [Fwd: [biofuel] VW presents new synthetic fuel strategy] 
Harmon Seaver posted:
In other words a cleaned-up version of the old Town Gas that provided
the original streetlighting for industrial cities in the C19 and used to
be made in the vast gasworks dotted around all over the place until
piped natural methane took over in the 1960s.
There's no news here (except for VW's stupid choice of brand name). We've always known we could replace petroleum and coal by agricultural
production, because oil and coal were themselves introduced as
replacements for the vegetable oils, whale oils, tallows,  alcohols and
charcoals that people used to burn before the oil industry got big in
the 1870s-1890s.
The reason we use mineral oils from the ground is that they are
If the price of a barrel of crude oil rises above somewhere between 30
and 60 dollars (depending on who you believe), then coal and  oilshale
become cheaper & we can switch to that. If the price of mineral fuels
rises above somewhere between 50 and 100 dollars per equivalent of a
barrel of oil, then using liquid fuel derived from agriculture becomes
cheaper. The only ways will will be using such fuels on a large scale in rich
countries in the near future is one of:
- we "run out of oil" a lot more spectacularly than looks likely now - or world regresses to impoverished autarkies with little trade between
them so industrialised countries with no oil have to make their own (cf.
South Africa in 1970s, or Germany during world wars)
- or governments tax oil so much that bio fuel is cheaper (in UK right
now industrial alcohol is cheaper than petrol because of tax - but
ordinary citizens aren't allowed to buy it in any quantity, and what we
can buy is also taxed)
- or global warming looks so bad that people are prepared to accept an
increase in their costs in order to avoid burning fossil fuel (and are
prepared to use legal or government or military constraints to prevent
others burning it as well)
Which do you prefer?
Ken Brown
Of course it always was cheaper to use agricultural product  as solid
fuel, if you were near the farm and if you had an application that can
handle it. Which is  why, for example, sugar refineries in poor tropical
countries get their heat from burning waste from the cane. And there are
a few green-minded small-scale projects that burn coppiced wood they
grow themselves.   But the distribution and handling complexity of
moving millions of tons of solid waste around make that too expensive
for large scale use. Same as the poultry farm my sister lives on can
save money by burning methane given off from  duck shit. But not many of
us share our homes with a quarter of a million ducks.

@_date: 2001-10-25 13:55:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Of course. I was just pointing out that some of the time, in some
places,  they conscripted labour into industry. A lot of the time they
did various other things. In general they both wanted to restrict
movement and (later) to slowly reduce the proportion of people working
on the land. And like most other countries they had industrial
conscription during the war.
I wasn't really trying to make a point about the Soviet Union, just the
general point that a very large number of people don't get to make a
choice about where they live or how they work. Most people, in
practice,  not being prepared, or able, to risk execution, or starve, or
even drop  whatever they have and run for the border - that is if we'll
let them over the border.
All drifting very off-topic for cypherpunks.

@_date: 2001-10-26 16:09:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Torture Never Stops.. 
One of the many instantiations of Nomen Nescio (whose name is Legion)
You probably have no idea how much this makes my flesh creep
Oh, I believe it. You do consider yourself one. You are sadly deluded
though, and not only about the difference between "affect" and "effect".
This is a troll, right?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-31 17:43:59
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: NOTAM:  GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Yep.  Mr. Usr Bin Local records a video saying that a light aircraft
that hits the  at the power plant will cause it to release
large amounts of  Evil Radiation. The only thing to do is
to escape upwind as quickly as possible and never come back within 20
miles or you will all die and your children will grow horns and tails.
But the Government doesn't want the citizens to know because then it
will cause panic, and the emergency services will be stressed by all the
radiation-sick, and more people will die anyway of starvation, rioting,
looting, & so on.
Then release it to the media (of more than one country) just about the
time the plane hits the concrete. so the locals will see the reports as
they see the firetrucks screaming. Whether or not the plant is seriously
damaged is neither here nor there.
Actually, you don't have to make the video, because people will come the
that very conclusion by themselves as soon as they see the expert types
on the TV telling them that there is no reason to panic.
Or say the plane is filled with lots of anthrax. Doesn't really have to
be for the first-order effect - just has to be believed to be. Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-31 17:53:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
Ken McLeod posted the following to rec.arts.sf.fandom
Ken [the other one - not me ] added:
Ken Brown (thanks to John Dallman for showing me this on Cix)

@_date: 2001-09-11 12:32:25
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: UKUSA Courts Monitoring 
The name "Andrew Macpherson" struck me as vaguely familiar. I did some
searches  to update myself. He (or "an unknown entity using that name")
has been an occasional contributor to Bugtraq & other mailing lists on
SSH, email protocols, and security for BSD, NIS, NFS & other stuff.
There is a suggestion for an encrypted Unix passwd changing scheme at
Also he's been on the committee of UK Unix User Group, along with some
people I actually know - so we are getting into true names territory
Well, maybe he is a Secret Master of Repression of Telecoms. Of course
it could be that, like nearly every other DNS record in the world, the
name is that of the senior nerd on site & for whatever reason Nortel are
(or once were) running their tech stuff from the UK. According to
 Bell
Northern & Northern Telecom merged nt.com, bnr.ca & bnr.co.uk into one
DNS domain in 1997 so it might well be that the whole thing has
sometimes been  managed centrally outwith the USA.
It isn't at all surprising that Nortel register .gov names of course,
even the Men In Black need to actually be connected to the Net to use it
& I suspect that Nortel does quite a lot of that.   But, even if this isn't evidence of it, I still think you USAns are
paying our spies to spy on you so that your ones don't have to. Why else
are there so many British military & comms people based in Canada? And
at least some in Bermuda and the Bahamas. Not to mention Baltimore. There's a whole lot of listening going in in the world.
But then you guys also had (till recently) big bases in Bermuda which is
*our* colony, thank you very much. Gotta keep those sassy Bermudans in
their place. Of course there were no British or US naval officers at all
who liked to be there for a nice break & maybe some yacht racing at the
taxpayer's expense, no, who would think such a thing...
Ken Brown
AM doesn't like anonymous mail though:

@_date: 2001-09-11 15:55:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
Yep, just a flash crowd. The BBC web site is all but unobtainable.
Transatlantic data traffic is slow, but flowing.
If you are in Manhattan YMMV.

@_date: 2001-09-12 13:15:30
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
Thee is also a net.rumour (with Jerry Pournelle's name attached to it)
that someone on the plane attacked the hijackers whilst someone else was
phoning home & describing it.  Or it could be that the pilot
deliberately went for a relatively uninhabited area. No doubt there will be other rumours.

@_date: 2001-09-12 16:45:23
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
A friend of mine wonders if they had a Boeing flight simulator.
Apparently they would need to know how to disable the autopilot and do a
couple of other technobabble things a groundling like me doesn't
recognise. But with access to a training simulator they could learn
enough in a few days. Or so I am told.  I suppose such machines are all over the place these days, Boeing having
more or less a monopoly on medium-large commercial passenger planes. So
there could be training facilities just about anywhere. I have no real
idea how rare and/or expensive they would be.

@_date: 2001-09-13 13:23:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: low tech, high concept 
Someone in Another Place posted this link: Ken Brown
apparently posted on 2000.11.30:
"When the two towers that make up the World Trade Center were built,
they were designed to withstand the impact of the largest airliner of
the day, the Boeing 707 Intercontinental. The Empire State Building
survived a B-25 medium bomber crashing into it on very foggy day. It was
during the weekend when most people weren't there, but still, 14 people
died. Anyone wanna bet that the World Trade Center could survive an
767-300 impact?"
and follow-up thread including stuff like:
"if a 707 or a 757 slammed into the World Trade Center, it might be much
more damaging than the case of the B-25 bomber that crashed into the
Empire State Building. For one thing, unlike the Empire State Building, which has more heavy
concrete, the World Trade Center is made more of steel and glass - this
may mean far greater structural damage due to the impact and flying
glass shards and debris raining down on the people below. There could be
a possibility of toppling if the 707 or the 757 came in at a high enough
speed. Both of these planes arelarger and heavier than a B-25 bomber, so
this means a greater force of impact. I'm no expert on building
structure or air crashes, but it would no doubt be far worse than the
Empire State Building disaster. It is very doubtful any passengers or crew would have survived such a
grim scenario. Also, there are probably more people per floor in the
World Trade Center compared to the Empire State Building, so casualties
in the building will likely be much higher.  However, I wouldn't be surprised if the authorities would have a strict
exclusion zone preventing any large airplanes, especially commercial
airliners, from getting too close to Manhattan, so that there would be
no repeat of the Empire State Building crash. Other large buildings have been crashed into by large airliners, like
the El Al 747-200F that crashed into an apartment complex in Amsterdam
several years ago. There was a small Cessna plane that crashed into a hospital in Edmonton,
the city where I live. This was in the early 1980s, and did prompt fears
about larger planes crashing right in the middle of Edmonton. The
hospital sits right underneath the approach path to the City Centre
Airport. It was quoted in the news by a member of the city council that
"one day a 737 will slam into the hospital, and that will be it". Edmonton City Centre Airport (formerly the Municipal Airport) did used
to have quite a few 737s and BAe 146s flying in and out of there until
1995, when it was closed to most scheduled flights. This airport sits
only a few kilometres north of downtown Edmonton, so it is well within
the built up areas.  There are risks when you have an airport like Kai Tak(now closed) or
Love Field in Dallas, TX served by larger airliners the size of a 737 or
larger and sitting well within an urban area. Believe me, it's amazing
that Kai Tak has never had a disaster like that, considering that Hong
Kong has so many skyscrapers so near the airport - and that Hong Kong is
one of the most densely populated cities in the world. "

@_date: 2001-09-14 12:11:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Of course commerce as we have it today would "grind to a halt" if "we"
didn't have crypto, for any value of "we" that includes me as a private
individual.    When you say "we" you exclude the banks, the
bureaucracies, big business. You think it is fine for them to use all
these wonderful things, but not for the rest of us.
You are suggesting that it is wrong for me as a private person to make
use of the accumulated knowledge and work of programmers like myself;
but OK for me in my capacity as an employee of a multinational
corporation (which I used to be) or the Inland Revenue (which I also
used to be - hey! I was the taxman! I admit it!). So if I put on a suit
and get my old job back, then *you* can't use the tools that I would
every day? This does not compute.
And your "ten years ago" is a bit off. Thirty years ago I would have had
to go to a counter at a bank to get my own money out as cash, and I
would have had to have had a recommendation from a Respectable Person to
have had the account in the first place. By the time I first went to
university, 25 years ago, all I had to do was stick a card in the wall.
As you bloody well know, the entire ATM system depends on crypto (if not
that well implemented, see Ross Anderson, passim)
This is basic stuff. You know all this. It's been obvious for years Most
of the "money" in the world is just bookkeeping entries in databases in
computers (mostly here in London & in New York of course - quite a few
were in the vicinity of WTC - I assume they had backups). You bet that
needs crypto.  When I first worked with mainframe computers in the 1980s
we used tapes for money transfer to the banks. Crypto paid my wages,
literally. My ability to pay the rent next month was a little bit of
text on a 9-inch tape. That was one job any sysprog would be happy to
work late to get through.  Now it is all online and I hope the systems
are better...
Of course that wasn't "crypto as we know it".  Things change. Deal with
it. In another ten or twenty years there will be other sorts of crypto.
Or are you banning R&D as well? Anyway, as you also know if you have
been paying any attention at all, the laws they pass in your country
(whichever that might be) won't even stop your own neighbours from using
crypto if they want to, never mind all us nasssty little foreigners. We've got the genie, you can bring the bottle, where is the cork?
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-14 12:28:49
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
When we British used to run the biggest empire the world has ever seen,
we used to call them "punitive expeditions".
They never did anyone a bit of fucking good, except a few colonial
Oh, and they never worked against Afghanistan. And still won't, for the
same reason. What happens to the Afghans if the US take and burn every
city, bomb every dam, every generator, mine every road? Just what has
been happening to them for the last 30 years, that's what. And Taliban
or worse for another generation.
The only way to change Afghanistan is to let the Afghans do it. And most
of the ones who could are in Iran now, the only country in the world
that helped them when the so-called west was supporting what became the
Bush II isn't behaving like Hitler, but like some British colonial
general circa 1825-1880
We have statues of them dotted around central London. So-and-so the
conqueror of Sind. Whats-his-name the hero of the Punjab. No-one now
remembers who they were, or anything about them, unless they happened to
have a city named for them, or become Prime Minister of some remote
colony, or die nobly surrounded by hordes of locals asking impolitely
for their land back.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-14 12:55:27
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: London Daily Telegraph wants to ban all crypto and invade 
In an opinion  column in the London Daily Telegraph, John Keegan calls
for a combined US/Russian/British invasion of Afghanistan: He then goes on to say, and I quote:
"There are other current movements of which to take note, as yet
insubstantial but certain to gather concrete form. One is the retreat of
human rights lawyers from the forefront of public life. America in a war
mood will have no truck with tender concern for constitutional
safeguards of the liberty of its enemies. The other, which ordinary
Americans will have to learn to bear, is interference with their liberty
of instant electronic access to friends and services." "The World Trade Centre outrage was co-ordinated on the internet,
without question. If Washington is serious in its determination to
eliminate terrorism, it will have to forbid internet providers to allow
the transmission of encrypted messages - now encoded by public key
ciphers that are unbreakable even by the National Security Agency's
computers - and close down any provider that refuses to comply." "Uncompliant providers on foreign territory should expect their
buildings to be destroyed by cruise missiles. Once the internet is
implicated in the killing of Americans, its high-rolling days may be
reckoned to be over."
The "Torygraph" is the most conservative of Britain's serious newspapers, and is edited from (IIRC) the 30th floor of London's tallest
office tower, which overlooks London City Airport,  from which STOL
planes take off pointing straight at the tower. I know, I've been there
myself, it scared me then.  Their fear is excusable. Their
bloodthirstiness is understandable. Their stupidity is neither.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-14 14:35:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
Yeah, but your government is behaving like the British government used
to. Has been for a century really. Just another colonial power like all
the rest.

@_date: 2001-09-14 15:05:11
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
That might be current contemporary US usage, but it is not how the word
started. Originally it was used (In French I suspect) for states
terrorising the people they ruled, like the Russian pogroms. Later it
was widened to include non-governmental groups. In WW2 bombing of
residential cities was widely called "terror bombing" (even by Churchill
in private).
But it is a distinction without a difference. Who would you think had
the most capacity to wage war, a small state such as Nauru or St Lucia,
or an armed non-state like ETA or some of the Colombian gangs? Calling
this attack "war" or "terrorism" is a matter of emotional colour.

@_date: 2001-09-18 11:29:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
Putting aside encryption for a moment, the real stand-outs in the
"Hotline" survey Declan posted  are the 54% who replied that they would
attack suspects even if they have no proof they did it, the 32% who
would "put Arabs and Arab-Americans under special surveillance" and the
astonishing 32% "very confident" and 42% "somewhat confident" that
"national and local law enforcement can stop terrorist plots".
I don't think that half the the people of the USA are militarist bigots
living in Cloud-Cuckoo Land, but if I did this wouldn't disabuse me.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:37:21
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: from alt.security.terrorism 
Shit.  I wonder if anyone's been sacked for that yet?

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:52:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: from alt.security.terrorism 
Little pictures.
NYC in webdings translates into    i.e. "I love
New York". Deliberate?
In Windings it comes out as   - if intentional presumably a sackable offence wherever they
designed the character set all those years ago.
The font size is irrelevant.
This must be the bored office-workers equivalent of looking for messages
in the stonecutter's scratches on the Great Pyramid.

@_date: 2001-09-25 14:23:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: ANWR 
My guess is their thinking is based on damage to road surface rather
than on fuel consumption. Damage to road surface varies with some
unlikely power of pressure exerted.   I can't remember references right
now unfortunately. But it works out that  cars & vans cause effectively
none of the damage, medium-sized goods vehicles cause vast amounts,
larger trucks & busses less than you'd think (multiple axles, bigger
tyres) and the occasional giant load (construction crane, tunnel
sections, tank transporters, whatever) a lot more.

@_date: 2001-09-27 20:15:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
It's OK - we can fall back on the key-ring decoder.

@_date: 2001-09-28 16:57:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
And google is of course the fount of all wisdom?
As I think someone else pointed out, the original vaccine *was* based on
cowpox. Inoculation with dried up pustules from smallpox victims had
been known about since at least the 10th century in China and by the
18th had spread all over Asia and Europe. However there was apparently a
1-5% chance of causing smallpox, so it was a desperate remedy. Jenner
had the idea of using cowpox pustules from milkmaids. They thought that
cowpox was caught from cows so called it "vaccination". As you say (& I didn't realise till I looked it up just now) it was
later based on vaccinia virus, which is of unknown origin. Just turned
up in a lab one day. It is called "vaccinia" because it was first
discovered in a vaccine.  It probably isn't a recent variation on either
smallpox or cowpox because parts of its genetic sequence are less close
to either of them than they are to each other. (Which might be a clue
that other pox viruses could be used for immunisation as well). Vaccinia
is *not* harmless - people have died of it, and it has become endemic in
the water buffalo population of India, from where it sometimes infects
cows and very rarely infects humans. It might possibly have originated
as a bovine disease, maybe introduced by mistake for cowpox
Smallpox vaccine is still apparently available to people who work in
labs on other poxes, and to medical staff in the (small) part of West
Africa where monkey pox is a human health problem.
Just out of interest, cowpox is *not* a natural disease of cows, but of
rodents, probably originally susliks or gerbils.  It seems that cows can
catch a mild form of it when in close proximity to rodents (such as in
18th century English barns in winter) as can humans. Similarly monkey
pox is originally a disease of squirrels, but was noticed first in
Smallpox isn't likely to be a war-winning weapon, though it could cause
a great deal of terror. It spreads slowly enough so that any country
whose pharmaceutical factories haven't been blown up by cruise missiles
could probably tool up in time to prevent an epidemic, helped by some
sensible quarantines. There are many potential low-tech vaccines. It
kills 10-30% of victims, slowly, and many people in Europe and Asia have
some hereditary immunity or residual effect from vaccination. If you
used it against an army you are likely to end up with very, very, angry
enemies, mostly still capable of fighting.
There are many other poxviruses such as volepox. There is even one
endemic to the USA: skunkpox. You Americans just have to inject yourself
with pus from a poxy skunk if you are worried. Personally I'm much more
scared by nerve gasses. No time to prepare, no practical precautionary
measures anyway.
Details not from Google, but from  Gilbert &7 Allison (1998)
"Vaccination and Immunisation" in Hugo & Russell "Pharmaceutical
Microbiology", 6th edition,  (Blackwell's Oxford) and also from Fenner
(1996) "Poxviruses", chapter 84 of "Field's Virology", 3rd edition
(Lippincott, New York).
Ken Brown (who is a microbiologist when he has his lab coat on)

@_date: 2001-09-28 17:41:03
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Ex-UK Home Secretary blames crypto lobbyists for hijackers (1) 
Jack Straw, the previous UK Home Secretary, sounded off about encryption
and the law in a radio interview this morning. He seemed to blame
"naive" libertarians for watering down laws and preventing security
people from spotting the hijackers. He wasn't very coherent on the
matter. Naive libertarians of my acquaintance haven't yet worked out
which law he meant - it can't be RIP which wasn't in force when the
suspects were in Britain & would have made no difference anyway. Maybe
it was the Human Rights Act, of which Straw was a strong supporter? He
also thinks his opponents should have changed their mind.  Perhaps we
would if were were as forgetful as he seems to be.
Ken Brown
Posted to UKcrypto by Ian Miller:
The Straw interview with Sue MacGregor (in RealAudio format) is on the
site at
This is a 16 minute clip.  The Straw interview starts 5 minutes in
The first six minutes were largely about his recent diplomacy and, in my
view, generally good sense.  The following transcript is from 11:49 into
the click until the end of the interview at 13:45.
Now you talk about eleven terrorists coming passed through here, I
understand that may be true, but I would also like to make this point, I
would like to ask you on the Today programme and other journalists to
your mind back to the approach that all of you were taking before the
eleventh of September.  I can tell you and look at the record whenever I
was arguing in favour of tougher anti-terrorist powers or tougher powers
for example to de-encrypt commercially encrypted e-mails I was told that
this was a breach of civil liberties, almost that it was the end of
civilisation as we knew it and that it was completely unnecessary and
beginning of Big Brother society.  What I was doing and those who were
supporting me were doing was to say "hang on a second we live a
MacGregor (interrupting):
It wasn't this programme that was saying that, just to clarify, it maybe
people on this programme put that point of view.
But there is an issue of the culture of journalism.  You of course very
often are a mouth piece for the prevailing non-governmental
and I understand why.  But I am just saying the prevailing mood was all
way, that this was Big Brother government.  It wasn't Big Brother
government.  It was government trying to put in place increased powers
that we could preserve and sustain our democracy against this new kind
threat.  Let me just give you one example, Sue.  We needed to take
so that we could de-encrypt commerically encrypted e-mails and other
communications. Why?  Because we knew that terrorists were going to use
this.  What happened?  Large parts of the industry, backed by some
who will now recognise they were very naive in retrospect said "you
do that" and the pressure was so great that we and in the United States,
used to talk to Jane Reno the then Attorney General about this, we had
back down a bit.  Now I heard people say "Why are these terrorists
Well the answer is not because of any lapse by the intelligence or
services or the police but because people have had a two dimensional
of civil liberties.  The most fundamental civil liberty is the right to
life, and preserving that and sustaining that must come before others.
Foreign Secretary, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.

@_date: 2001-09-28 17:43:55
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Ex-UK Home Secretary blames crypto lobbyists for hijackers (2) 
I was moved to rant about it on the UKcrypto list & I crosspost it here,
if only because I like the sound of my own voice.

@_date: 2002-08-01 13:53:02
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Pizza with a credit card 
You want to spend ten thou on pizza?  Bloody hell, that's  excessive.
Any company selling you that much would lay themselves wide open to being sued because they got you addicted to fatty pizza and made you
could possibly allow that to happen. There should be a law against it!
Our legislators must act to defend vulnerable corporations against
predatory customers like you who spend too much money!
Ken (who has to choose among the 10 or so local Pizza delivery companies
in his part of London on the basis of which postcode database they use,
because most of them think he lives in the wrong street)

@_date: 2002-08-09 18:43:05
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
Nor anyone else's
If only because the exact image you depends on a hell of a lot of
programs &  libraries. Does anyone expect /Microsoft/ of all software
suppliers to provide consistent versioning and reproducible or
predictable software environments? These are the people who brought us
"DLL Hell". These are the people who fell into the MDAC versioning
fiasco.

@_date: 2002-01-07 15:19:47
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Swiss bank in a box" 
Though as a matter of off-topic actual fact, no gold (maybe outside a
few labs that are trying hard) is likely to be pure enough not to be
traceable. As far as I know archaeologists & art historians (& I assume
police) have been matching gold artefacts to their sources for some time
now. Not as easy as copper (or oil - tax people like being able to trace
oil to wells) but doable.
Doesn't alter Tim's point that you can obscure the origins my mixing
gold from different places of course. Not, I imagine, something that
anyone actually ever does, but it would obviously work.
Googling for "gold isotope provenance" got me 911 hits. Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:03:20
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: contextual anonymity 
A few weeks ago I, and my daughter, went to stay with my brother for a
weekend. I left a radio on (not a self-conscious security measure, one
of them is usually on about 24 hours a day) and (don't ask why) the
telephone was off the hook.
On the Saturday some friends phoned from a nearby pub to see if I wanted
a drink. No answer. They got worried for some reason  and phoned the
phone company. They said that the phone was off the hook and they could
hear shouting. (The radio...) My friends got worried and went round to
my place. Couldn't get in. They called the police.
I turned up the next evening to find my door kicked in and boarded up,
and a note from the police.
Well, at least I now have a nice new door paid for by Her Majesty's
Government. And - seeing as my mates were there at the time - I now know
that police in London who want to break into someone's house don't
routinely go armed, and don't turn up in large numbers. Though they do
use a special "enforcer" tool that is meant to break a hole in the door
near the lock, but didn't in this case, and they ended up smashing the
whole thing up.  I once saw the fire brigade break in to the flat
upstairs - their special tools didn't work either, but one well-aimed
kick was enough to push the intact door and its frame out from the wall.
Irritating to the occupant who had installed a metal strip around the
door frame to prevent a break-in.

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:46:36
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Decent Orwell Article. 
For those who haven't seen the page, the idea is that Blair chose the
date 1984 as the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Fabian Society
(British centre-left policy organisation dedicated to state socialism,
that once included HG Wells, Edith Nesbit, and George Bernard Shaw).  I
think that anyone who can get worked up about the Fabian Society is on
the verge of reds-under-the-beds paranoia. As Evil Conspiracies go it is
just a little bit public and a little bit wet. The  Iron Heel  is set in 1984, but that, in turn, might derive from
Chesterton's  The Napoleon of Notting Hill, also set in 1984.  It seems
to have been the traditional year of the future... OTOH Orwell said 1984
was just 1948 reversed & why not? (Do we believe Clarke about
HAL=IBM-1?) Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:51:38
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
I took a holiday from many things over the traditional 12 days of
Christmas, including cypherpunks and television. (Though my daughter
reminds me that we did watch a couple of hour's TV on New Year's Eve,
and for some reason she wanted me to watch a video of Forrest Gump on
Saturday). I got back to the email universe to find 440 cypherpunks postings from
mattd.  Much as I love Ozzy anarchists I wasn't tempted to read them.

@_date: 2002-01-07 17:10:39
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling 
[...] Why "surprisingly"? Every UK administration since 1945 has been
America's poodle in foreign affairs and military matters.  [...] George III's rule on the American continent lasted longer than George
Washington's did. The present Queen is *still* the head of state of more
of the American continent than the president of the USA is
Ken Brown (I may be British but I'm not a bloody monarchist - though I
don't mind the royals as much in places like Canada & Australia as I do
here

@_date: 2002-01-08 14:15:57
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Shoe bomb" and "how to defeat spyware" 
implies
that triacetone triperoxide can be home-made, and has intriguing
reference to "ping pong balls dissolved in acetone". Interestingly,
despite scare stories, a simple google search doesn't turn up details on
how to make the stuff (neither does the Science Citation Index, which
might have been a better bet, though I imagine anyone with access to a
University library could get the information)
It also says that police in Quebec have orders to "withdraw immediately"
if  hydrogen peroxide, acetone and sulphuric acid are found in a
building, because it is used as a booby trap by illegal hemp growers.
Obvious cross-link to the other thread abut physical security here. IT
seems TATP is the chemical of choice for the sort of thing some posters
were thinking about.
And google has just told me that the husband of a colleague of mine has
published a paper on PETN - thousands of tons of which are apparently
manufactured every year and used in industry and medicine (it is a
vasodilator and cardioactive drug). So it might not be too difficult to
find that for sale.
So the argument that he wasn't acting alone boils down to "we think he
was too stupid to think it up" or else "we want you to think there are
lots of conspiracies so you give us lots of money to investigate them".
is the BBC report of an appeal by two Palestinians who are in jail in
London for (amongst other things) making bombs out of TATP in London in
1994, there is a website about the court case at:
Of course maybe the stuff really is hard to make & the Canadian police
are dealing with unusually sophisticated drug dealers and hemp growers.
I think Reid lived in South London, as do I. (he attended Brixton mosque
for a while). Of course there are no drug dealers or hemp growers in
South London. Really. Honestly. And the shop in my neighbourhood that
sells hydroponic kits is frequented only by little old ladies with
serious orchid collections.

@_date: 2002-01-09 11:12:32
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
No, it's a logical consequence of his definition of "random" & no more a
statement of belief than "1+1=2" is. If you use the word to mean
something else then it might or might not be true in your universe.

@_date: 2002-01-09 11:50:07
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
The overpowering stench of snake oil pervades the ether
I particularly liked:
"The techniques described by ZeoSync would mark a break with the dozens
of existing compression technologies, including MPEG for video and music
and JPEG for pictures and graphics are able to compact data at
compression rates up to 10 times the original. These algorithms
typically work by eliminating long strings of identifiable bits of data
such as blue sky, green grass or the white background of a snow-covered
Which sounds like someone who doesn't know what they are talking about
being misreported by someone who doesn't understand (*)
"ZeoSync said its scientific team had succeeded on a small scale"
"The company's claims, which are yet to be demonstrated in any public
"ZeoSync, whose Web site can be located at  "Among the scientific team working with ZeoSync is Steve Smale, one of
America's most renowned mathematicians. Smale is an emeritus professor
at the University of California at Berkeley and the 1966 winner of the
Fields Prize, the Nobel Prize for researchers in this field. He could
not be reached for comment on his role in the project."
I bet. Ken Brown (*) clue for those who have too much of a life to bother with things
like file structures and encoding (though why would they be reading
cypherpunks?)  - JPEG is a lossy compression method that tries to recode
"real world" pictures  in a way that *looks* almost as good as the real
thing but takes up less space, by smoothing out gradual changes of
colour (and other stuff as well). It doesn't "typically work by
eliminating long strings of identifiable bits of data". And it doesn't
compress "up to 10 times", it compresses as much as you like, with a
trade-off between file size and image quality. MPEG, AFAIK, is similar.

@_date: 2002-07-25 15:29:41
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: warchalking on the Beeb 
5 minutes of it on the breakfast-time Today show on BBC radio 4 a couple
of days ago. Positive almost to the point of ingenuousness - they
suggested that LSE was offering wireless as a "public good" which wasn't
quite how LSE described it at a ukerna seminar 6 months ago.
online version at

@_date: 2002-07-26 16:56:31
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: What happened to cypherpunks? 
This is just a test message to see if it gets back to me.
No traffic on lne or ssz though here for 24 hours.
Which after a few 100 in previous 2 days seems odd.

@_date: 2002-06-10 16:44:01
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Oh yes we do!  I never call them anything but "valves".

@_date: 2002-06-13 15:46:51
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
In practice these days many scientists put copies of their stuff on
personal or institutional websites, perhaps regardless of journal's
objections.  If you Google for the authors of recent papers you often
find something, quite often something closely resembling their next
paper. There is a difference between refusing a paper that has already
appeared  elsewhere and trying to enforce copyright after paper
publication. Most journals try the first, many no longer try the second.
It really depends how much clout they have.  /Nature/ might be able to
enforce their embargo by the mere threat of not publishing your next
paper.  /The Proceedings of the  Yorkshire Geological Society/ might be
less fearsome.  I doubt if anyone makes a fuss about papers presented at
scientific conferences or privately distributed to colleagues (how
"private" is "private" is up to the editors I suppose) Abstracts,
posters, and  so on don't usually count as prior publication - science
could hardly function if they did.
Some publishers - such as the American Society for Microbiology - say
they won't accept papers published on a non-personal website, but don't
mind those that have appeared on a private website.  Also data can be
published as long as it doesn't "constitute the substance of the
submission". Biomolecular journals often /require/ that data (especially
sequence data) be freely available online. all authors the rights laid out in our new licence agreements in respect
of the material assigned to us: to re- use the papers in any printed
volume of which they are an author; to post a PDF copy on their own
(not-for-profit) website; to copy (and for their institutions to copy)
their papers for use in coursework teaching; and to re-use figures and
but explicitly allows not-for-profit online "reprints" /after/
These days, if your paper is /not/ online, it is less likely to be read.
So it is in the interest of the scientist to get it as widely available
as possible. Publishers walk a fine line between over-exposure, reducing
potential paper sales, and annoying their contributors.
On-line access to material has now become a 100% necessity in almost all
fields. Most people looking up papers start with abstracting services
and citation indexes such as SCI, which is available to research
institutions through various deals (ours come through
 or Medline
( Current Contents,
EMBASE & so on, all of which are now online. If a journal isn't
abstracted (both the ones mentioned above are) it is unlikely to be read
except by a small group.
Many journals and publishers make some or all of their full texts
available on line to subscribers, and a large minority make them
available to non-subscribers. Some put recent papers on their websites
and withdraw them later, others are print-only for the first year or two
and upload older stuff.  There are also a number of commercial web
archives to which you can subscribe - but of course a great many
research institutions do, so many scientists are used to seeing things
online. I can see a lot of things from Science Direct
( or Elsevier.  others like PubMed
( There are old
papers archived in places like JSTOR.
In the fields I have looked at most - microbial ecology, evolutionary
biology - I reckon I can read rather more than half of the relevant
papers  online, about half of those freely the rest because we subscribe
to various services.  In straight microbiology the proportion is
probably higher, largely because of the American Microbiology Society
which puts a lot of its publications on the website. (Such as
 - they also say they throttle the site allowing
no more than 1 download per minute per remote site) A lot of learned
societies are in effect either charities or government-funded, and so
are less concerned with profit. For example the US National Academy of
Sciences now puts new papers up daily, often some time before they
appear in print - the latest version has Quint, Smith, et al (2002)
"Bone patterning is altered in the regenerating zebrafish caudal fin
after ectopic expression of sonic hedgehog and bmp2b or exposure to
cyclopamine" which is as good a title as any
Loads of review & "current" journals are online as well. The "Annual
Reviews" are all online (though not all available to nonsubscribers)
which are good places to start.

@_date: 2002-06-13 16:00:12
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
[...snip...] [...snip...] True, but it is an old process. In French law there has been a concept
of "moral rights" in a work for a very long time. These are inalienable, you can't sell them. The two most important are
(IIR the jargon correctly) "integrity" and "paternity".
The right of integrity means that if someone buys the copyright to a
work, then alters the work in a way that could affect the reputation of
the originator, they can be sued. So, for example, if a painter paints
a  picture, sells it to a publisher, then the publisher prints a defaced
version as a book cover, the painter can perhaps sue the publisher.
The right of paternity is the right to be known as the originator. It
was  imported into English law in, IIRC, 1989, but has to be asserted -
which  is why nearly all books published in Britain these days have a
note asserting the rights of the author to be known as the author.
These rights did not exist in the USA (& still don't, quite),  but the
US didn't really have copyright law in the European sense until the
1980s anyway - what they /called/ copyright was something you had to
apply for and register - very different from our English tradition which
is based on an idea of the natural property rights of an artist or
author in their own work, and so has never had to be registered or
applied for, any more than you have to get government permission to own
the clothes you stand up in. The moral rights limit the freedom of
action of publishers to the benefit of artists and authors, not, as far
as I know  the ultimate purchasers, but then IANAL and
Some people who know a lot more about it than I do have said that
English law traditionally treated copyright as a matter of property,
French as a matter of personality, and the US as a sort of government
licenced monopoly or patent. But they are all much closer to each other
these days, with international copyright law being a compromise between
the old systems.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-06-13 18:27:56
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Artist's rights? [was: RE: Sci Journals, authors, internet] 
These laws don't really get into cyberpunks territory, because they are
about rights that are reserved to the original artist, and cannot be
transferred to publishers or distributors or record companies, and can
only be possessed by natural persons, not corporations. So (in France,
not the USA) a musician or a film directory might be able to sue Time
Warner or Sony if they insist on adding watermarks or copy protection to
a work, but neither could sue a cypherpunk for taking the watermarks
off.  In the USA the moral rights, AFAICT, wouldn't apply to the copy or
reproduction anyway, only the original. But the important point about that is that the artist lost!  According
to the website the tried "breach of contract, trademark violations,
copyright infringement and the violation of First and Fifth Amendment
rights" and lost all of them. So the new law has no real effect other
than to give a few days work to some lawyers.
Thanks for that - I hadn't heard of VARA before. No real reason I should
have I suppose, it being in the USA and me not.  It seems much more
limited than the French moral rights, in that it only applies to unique
objects, not to texts or to broadcast or recorded work.
According to the commentary in that paper the US experience with VARA
seems to agree with  what I have read about the French laws (in books
and papers trying to explain them to us English, who never had such
rules before), in that few actions are taken under it and that they are
almost always relatively unknown sculptors objecting to treatment of a
work of public art. With the implication that they are doing it more for
the publicity than for the damages, which are either never awarded (in
the USA) or are tiny (in France).

@_date: 2002-06-13 18:55:48
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
This is basically copy right as already existed in England, & not one of
the moral rights. Yep, this got added to English law (but not US, I think, except for the
weird VARA Peter mentioned which only applies to unique original
I don't know about the German laws but this is not, I think, the case in
most other countries. Just borrowing a poem &  using it somewhere else
would (at worst) count as parody, which is legally protected speech in
the US (& usually in England as well).
I think the law is more intended for the Alan Smithee situation, where a
publisher (or record company, film studio, broadcaster, whatever)  takes
a work and changes it so that the author thinks it makes them look bad,
and they don't want to be associated with it. I am no expert, but I
think up till 1989 in common law jurisdictions this would have to have
been pursued as defamation - which in the USA means the aggrieved party
has effectively no chance at all, and in England that the side with the
most expensive lawyers wins.
That is my general impression.  As an example of the sort of nonsense
that some countries recognise moral rights to avoid,  while Googling
around for these things I found this heap of prdroid shit:
"... any submission of materials by you will be considered a
contribution to Boeing for further use in its sole discretion,
regardless of any proprietary claims or reservation of rights noted in
the submission. Accordingly, you agree that any materials, including but
not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes,
drawings, original or creative materials or other information, provided
by you in the form of e-mail or submissions to Boeing, or postings on
this Site, are non-confidential (subject to Boeing's Privacy Policy) and
shall become the sole property of Boeing. Boeing shall own exclusive
rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be
entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose,
commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgement or compensation to you.
The submission of any materials to Boeing, including the posting of
materials to any forum or interactive area, irrevocably waives any and
all "moral rights" in such materials, including the rights of paternity
and integrity."
PS in English these are "moral" rights - "morale" is borrowed from
French and means the mental state of an army :-)

@_date: 2002-06-25 16:51:14
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
Am I expected to distribute my password with my code?

@_date: 2002-05-27 11:52:13
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
I can't imagine that any large US company that operated abroad - which
is effectively all of big ones - didn't think about the same sort of
thing.  My ex-employers did business in a number of African and
middle-eastern countries, some of them in a state of civil war, and had
planned responses to kidnapping or murder of employees or their
families, and to armed attack on company buildings, so physical security
had always been on the agenda. If any of them were complacent about security in the USA itself, they
would surely have been shaken out of it in the 1960s if not before.
(Hey, didn't you guys use to have bank robbers? And what about the days
when payrolls really were rolls of paper money?). Anyway, after abortion
clinic bombings in the 1990s, and the Atlanta Olympic & Oklahoma
bombings and Seattle protests surely no corporation  the USA could have
been naive enough to think that they were immune to politcal violence? The US company I used to work for in London had it's buildings within
the blast radius of IRA bombs in 1983 and 1991 (and nearby in 1982 and
1995).  The main thing that worried them in London was being occupied by
demonstrators against the company's policies in other countries, or by
"anti-Globalisation" protestors. We had  discussions with police and
others about corporate response to attacks or demonstrations. I
participated in them at one point to  discuss IT security.  It was that
sort of discussion that persuaded people to pay for firewalls and proxy
servers. I don't think the idea that whole areas of the net woudl be
wiped out by stupid Microsoft word macros occured to many of the non-IT
managers, but they certainly didn't want to be hacked by Greens, who
some of them had an exaggerated fear of. One of the reasons I knew it
was time to leave was when I found myself talking to men in suits about
defending ourselves against demonstrations that friends of mine might
have been taking part in.

@_date: 2002-11-11 17:21:15
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: eJazeera? 
As always, standards are driven by the mass-market and the mass market
is already speaking on this one. In 18 months time there will be no
difference between mobile phones & cheap digital cameras - all but the
cheapest phones will come with built-in cameras.
Its almost certain that these devices will have GPS location, and
probable that they will have Bluetooth as well. 802.11 less likely
because of power consumption - possible that there will be little "base
stations"  to go Blt <-> WiFi  so the Bluetooth becomes a wireless drop
cable. Realtime video isn't on the horizon unless someone pulls a lot of
bandwidth out of the bag, as ever network speeds grow more slowly than
processing power.
So effectively everybody will be walking around with the ability to take
timestamped photos and transmit them. BrinWorld arrives, at least in
public places.  No policeman gets to bludgeon a demonstrator unrecorded
ever again - expect them to wear visors and helmets increasingly often,
and to remove the identifying marks from uniforms (as, or course, riot
cops and vigilantes have been doing for decades)
The authorities will be able to take down the cell networks - though
they won't be able to do that without causing some publicity.  They
won't be able to confiscate all phones from everyone who is walking the
street. Presumably in high-security situation (like interviews with
presidents or rides on torture planes) phones can be removed from
visitors but they will be rare.  Mobile phones are now so ubiquitous
that taking them away has come to seem as odd as asking visitors to
remove their shoes or to wear face masks. Ken Brown

@_date: 2002-10-08 17:54:06
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: [OT Canute] Re: [LINK] [Fwd: Interesting KPMG report on 
In the interests of even more pedantry and accuracy can I point out that
Canute (usually spelled "Knut" these days in solidarity with our Dansk
brethren :-)  was mostly a king in *Southern* England, living at Bosham
near Chichester? Though at one point he ruled over all England, Denmark,
and some of the bits in between as well.

@_date: 2002-09-20 12:26:24
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: software-defined radio killer app 
The biggest police station in western Europe is being built less than
half a mile from where I live.  Your phone will keep on ringing and

@_date: 2003-04-11 13:12:22
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
They really don't contradict each other.
Fisk's article implies that the journalists set off at 1400 Iraqi time -
that is 2300 New Zealand. The article is dated April 4th, so he is
presumably talking about the events of April 3rd - which is confirmed on
the copy of the same article at
    He mentions dusk, so its a
fair bet he turned up in the late afternoon and left at nightfall (a
sensible thing to do in a place that gets regularly bombed)
The BBC reports on April 4th said the US took the airport "overnight"
i.e. evening of April 3rd to morning of 4th - that is after Fisk's
visit.  The other article you refer to actually CONFIRMS Fisk's account:  Exactly what Fisk wrote - the Ministry took the journalist to the
airport, there were no Americans there.  If there had been Americans
there earlier it was a small raid, not a major attack (hence the
reference to the Moscow trams) and they had gone away again (or maybe
were hiding). The big attack happened the night after these events.
The BBC website accounts of the day agree with this,  as do those on the
website of, for example, the Houston Chronicle (the first US paper whose
URL I remembered). They describe the attack on the airport as being
overnight, finishing on the morning of the 4th. The only mention of it
on the 3rd  I found is a quote from an interview with Rumsfeld: "He
refused to comment on reports that coalition forces had launched an
assault on Baghdad International Airport, about ten miles outside the
Anyway Baghdad is a big city and this is NOT a war with rigid front
lines (one of the reasons the Iraqis managed to capture logistical
support staff). It is perfectly possible that someone could be 20 km
west from the city centre but not in visual contact with US ground units
only 15km from it, or that a small US reconnaissance force watching over
the airport from one direction could be invisible to journalists looking
at it from another.  I believe thos guys are quite good at not being
seen when they don't want to be.
Fisk is no friend of the US government - though from reading his stuff I
think he hates the Ba'athists and the other middle-east kleptocracies
even more, try reading
 He
certainly puts a heavy spin on what he sees, but there is no actual
lying apparent in these article and no contradiction between them. The two articles you quote are really about different things - the US
paper is doing a roundup of the events of the day, with a gung-ho spin
on it; the main thrust of Fisk's piece is in fact about how the Iraqi
propaganda is widely disbelieved by Iraqis - using the absurd monuments
to the so-called victory against Iran as an image of the bombastic
rubbish the Ba'athist government spouted - and comparing it with two
pieces of US propaganda that he thinks were untrue.
The Americans are saying "we will inevitably win a glorious victory".
Fisk is saying "all governments are liars in wartime".
Both use the events of the same day to illustrate their different
NB the Independent publishes most of Fisk's columns in their "Argument"
section, i.e. as opinion, not reportage.
No he didn't, he assured his readers that he knew where they *weren't* -
that is right in front of him. Your rhetorical tricks are transparent.
Such as contrasting the phrase "Fisk's article" with "mainstream
article"  - implying that Fisk and his paper are not "mainstream", are
somehow marginal. Fisk mainly works for the London paper called the
Independent. I don't read it much but it is certainly "mainstream". It
is boring, somewhat staid, establishment-oriented broadsheet newspaper -
politically probably in around the same small-l-liberal-but-not-radical
place as the New York Times. It's mainly read by middle-aged
middle-class Londoners who can't stomach the Murdochised Times but don't
want to be seen reading the Guardian (which is much more entertaining
but is associated in their minds with social workers, teachers, and
flaky new-media types). Fisk's writing is one of the best things about
an otherwise often stodgy paper.
Your allegation that Fisk was in London at the time is defamatory. He's
one of the best-respected British reporters - an occupation,
incidentally, which has suffered a far higher casualty rate in this war
than the US military have - and has put himself in harm's way in several
previous wars. He worked at the Times for years - which is as
"mainstream" as journalism gets - and was their Belfast correspondent at
the height of the "troubles".
And he *is* a good writer - even if you disagree with him you have to
admit that his latest piece is worth reading:
 The bit about Corporal Breeze from Michigan is a gem. Brings tears to
your eyes. If Fisk ever gives up watching Arabs getting shot at maybe he
could get a scriptwriting job for Steven Spielberg.

@_date: 2003-04-11 13:36:26
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: 'Peking' vs 'Beijing' 
Aha, Zee Freudian Slip!  Just as you confused translation and
transliteration before! You obvuiously have some deep psychological
confounding of language with the representation of language!  Japanese literacy rates are higher than ours, even thought hey have such
an apparently complex set of scripts.
Every now and again one reads reports of a "dyslexic" English speaker
who learns Chinese or Japanese and finds them easier than English. There
was at least one man who went to Japan with his parents when he was in
his teens, almost unable to read English, learned to read Kanji, and
then then found himself able to read in English.
I suspect that there is more than one strategy used by learning readers
and that most people find alphabets (or syllabaries) simpler to get to
grips with but some, for whatever reason, find Chinese-style symbols
Japanese of course uses both so maybe it is possible for someone who
finds one system harder than the other to get a boost by concentrating
on the other. I don't know, as I know no language other than English.
Skilled readers of English *don't* sound out the letters of familiar
words in their heads. We recognise words and syllables by their shape,
treating each word as if it was a Chinese character. Phonetic approaches
are only used for unfamiliar or foreign words. Maybe there is some
reason why that "dyslexic" man didn't make the jump from reading letters
to reading whole words in English, but once Kanji had got him used to
the idea he could transfer it back.
When I was a kid the fashion in teaching to read was the "look and say"
method - the teacher held up flash cards with pictures and got the kids
to say the word. There was no attempt made to start with phonetics or
even the alphabet. Today the fashion has swung back the other way.   Interesting aside - ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs are actually written in
a very similar style to Japanese, mixing up a proto-alphabet and a
syllabary (based on the first sound of the name of the object depicted) with "determinatives", heiroglyphs which represent the whole word.   If
we wrote English like that (which we sometimes do in kid's puzzles) the
name "Harmon Seaver" might be written as pictures of a wound, something
lying on a table, waves of the sea, a violet, an eagle, a rabbit, and a
picture of a man sitting down as the determinative.     I wouldn't want
to say how we'd write "Jim Dixon" except that if you look at a grammar
or dictionary of Ancient Egyptian some of those hieroglyphs were pretty

@_date: 2003-04-11 13:59:35
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Stay Behind" strategies in Iraq 
When I worked for an oil company we employed more people in the office
than offshore or in the refineries.  MOst of the production workers were
short-term contractors. One of our refineries blew up and killed nobody though there were over
20 injuries. It was night and there were few people there. These places
are well automated. It did lead to one of the odder support calls I ever
took - they wanted to know how to get email back on line, and I said we
needed to reboot such-and-such a server and they said they couldn't
because the building it was in had no roof and it was raining.

@_date: 2003-04-11 14:05:43
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: (no subject) 
Yep. Get a few packs ofcigarettes and a lighter.
Turn on the gas hob on the cooker but don't light it.
Sit down with a good book and read it until you have smoked all the
The world will then have fewer trolls.

@_date: 2003-04-11 14:23:19
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Stay Behind" strategies in Iraq 
In some districts but not all. Apparently - I'm no expert & just
relaying info from a friend who at least has the advantage of being able
to speak Arabic and who keeps up with Arab news media - quite large
parts of the agricultural sector are all but feudal. Large farms or
whole villages or counties are organised on tribal or clan lines,
sometimes resembling the caste systems of India, with landowners coming
from one group  (usually in recent years in cahoots with the Ba'athists
of course) and other clans being landless peasants who get work as
labourers. If true that explains both the surprising extent of weaponry in private
hands in the Shi'ite areas - presumably it was the landlords who had the
guns - and also the dire poverty and hunger of so many people in what is
(unlike the Baghdad region) a fertile and productive agricultural area.

@_date: 2003-04-11 14:25:10
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Stay Behind" strategies in Iraq 
We used to import dates from Iraq.
That's all I can think of...

@_date: 2003-04-14 11:37:36
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: "Stay Behind" strategies in Iraq 
Actually *Turkey* has the water (& to a much lesser extent Iran & even
less than that Syria). They let what they don't use flow into the rivers
and down to the sea. As they get richer - or as they get more annoyed
with the Kurds - they may decide that they want to keep more and let
less flow. They are setting up serious hydro power.
Sa'udis can build their own desalination plants. They've got the money,
they've got the energy (more oil and/or solar and/or wind than they can
use).  Iraq doesn't need desalination plants. Iraq needs to do deals
with Turks or the Iranians. Presumably the first cut has to be Oil for
water and/or electricity.
Some people say that the draining of the marshes has messed up the water
table in the south (like the ecological disasters in old Soviet Central
Asia, though on a much smaller scale - no doubt similar boo-boos were
made in the US, also on a much smaller scale, the Soviets were very good
at not stopping digging how ever big the hole was - presumably because
anyone who said that it had been a bad idea to dig the hole in the fisrt
place was in risk of their life)
Reflooding them might be popular with Greens, westerners with a
sentimental attraction to old Arab ways of life, the Iranians, and the
people of Basra (who get their water supply back). But unpopular with
those who are growing crops on the reclaimed land
(how long till runaway salination sets in?) and anyone with a
magic-bullet heavy-metal engineering attitude to political problems.
Put like that it is hard to deny.
One big unknown is how much Balkanisation the US will allow (or
encourage). Effectively all the oil is either round Kirkuk (which the US
and the Turks are now trying to re-disposses the previous owners of) or
Basra (way down south, on the other side of the marshes, and quite
capable of being as nice little oil state on its own, depending on how
Iraqi the folks their actually feel). The best agriculture is in the
Shi'ite centre and after that the Kurdish hills. The Sunni west - that
has been running Iraq for however many centuries, first on behalf of the
Turks, then the British, then briefly for the Ba'athists - is dirt-poor.
A Balkanised Iraq is one in which the previous top region suddenly has
no economic basis for their way of life.  USAnians can no doubt have fun
contemplating what might happen to WDC (or Maryland, or Virginia) if the
government became unable to collect 90% of the tax revenue. Baghdad is
one of those cities that is where it is because of trade and government,
not because it produces much.  Not that that is an unstable reason for a
city being where it is - Istanbul (for example),  Beijing and London have been around a long time for the same reasons
So the US needs to decide how much resource it is willing to use to keep
Iraq together.  And how much it wants to piss off Turkey. I suspect that
in the medium-long term the only stable future of the Kurds in Iraq &
perhaps in Turkey, is something along the lines of the Scots in Britain
- their own laws and parliament, but so culturally assimilated it
doesn't really matter to anyone else any more.  Of course there may not
be a stable future.
That's already happening  to Iraq to some extent. Girls do get to go to
college, some of them. The wars and general shit of the last 20 years
have slowed the process down.

@_date: 2003-04-14 12:16:58
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: 'The Future of Freedom': Overdoing Democracy 
"R. A. Hettinga" posted:
That just about wraps it up for the Australians then :-)

@_date: 2003-04-14 15:26:08
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: PNAC takes state socialism to the international field? 
It occurs to me that the "Project for the New American Century" people's
well-known despite for international law and treaties and the UN is At first sight it is absolutely nothing but "might is right".  They are
the strongest, they will do what they want to do and not let anyone stop
them.  That want they want to do is much more congenial to us than what
some other people might want to do doesn't change the nature of it. They might well want to use their power benevolently - even liberally -
but they will be the ones to choose how to use it.
They recognise that the USA is the strongest military power in the
world, at least for the next few decades, and they want to use those few
decades either to prevent anyone else catching up with them or (because
they aren't so stupid as to believe they can get away with that for
ever) to remake the rest of the world in their own image so that if
Europe, China, or India ever again draw close to them in economic or
military power we will have been conditioned to behave in American ways.
They despise the idea of international law or treaty obligations. They think of the world as made up of states and governments rather than
of individual people,  and they also think that relations between states
must necessarily  be hierarchical, rather than consensual or by
agreement. They have a huge emotional desire for stability  and predictability and
think that that is best secured by concentrated power rather than dispersed power, by dictation rather than negotiation, by unilateral
action rather than by mutual agreement.  They want to simplify the world
in order to do it good.
They are, in fact, in international affairs, taking up a position very
similar to the old discredited state socialists in national affairs.
Just as the apparently benevolent Fabians and the obviously vicious
Soviets saw that state power was overwhelmingly supreme within a nation
state, and wished to simplify and organise and dictate relationships
between peoples and communities within the nation, in order to better
control the nation for its own good; and therefore preferred a strong
central government and top-down rule by civil servants and bureaucrats
to the messy business of democracy, markets, and mutual aid; so the PNAC
sees US power as overwhelmingly supreme between nation states,  and
prefers an  international system based on the one-to-many relations of
the USA with everybody else  to the messy business of many-to-many
relations of treaties and international law.

@_date: 2003-02-03 20:07:52
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Life Sentence for Medical Marijuana? 
Oh, PERSISTENT rumours eh?  So they must be true. The TRANSIENT sort are
just a pack of lies.

@_date: 2003-02-03 20:33:05
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: Passenger rail is for adventurers and bums 
Actually, in most places in UK, the railways precede the development of
the town. So the industry & cheap areas follow rail, rather than vice
versa.  What you say is often true about new road building though. Everyone
wants big roads a couple of miles away - no-one wants them on their
doorstep. That's how Labour took over London in the 1970s - the old Tory
GLC committed political suicide by road-building.  Roads do not make
Of course, what /should/ happen is that the people who need the roads
pay the people whose towns they go through...

@_date: 2003-01-09 15:06:58
@_author: Ken Brown 
@_subject: citizens can be named as enemy combatants 
Hey, I'm not a USAan and I don't even live there. But I think I know
your Constitution well enough to know that I never read the bit about
how long you have to live in a foreign country to lose your rights.
The argument is just the same as the one we're always using about crypto
or security. The system is as strong as it's weakest link. If there are
2 doors to your house you need to lock them both.
Someone, somewhere, has to decide whether this man's service in a
foreign army is naughty enough to lose him his constitutional rights. If
*that* decision-making process has weaker legal protection than a normal
criminal trial would have had, the effect is that the legal protection
of the whole system is reduced.  If the process of removing someone's
constitutional rights is not itself subject to those rights, then those
rights are hollow and can be removed at will.
Ken Brown
