
@_date: 1996-07-31 19:59:10
@_author: Mr. Brandon W. Wheaton 
@_subject: FW: ANNOUNCEMENT: nym.alias.net enters beta testing (fwd) 
Sent: 	Tuesday, July 30, 1996 5:54 PM
I'm pleased to announce that the nym.alias.net pseudonym server has
now entered the beta-testing phase, and seems quite stable.
Nym.alias.net offers several interesting features:
  * Public-Key encryption of all received mail.  Once mail has gone
    through nym.alias.net, no one can read it except you--even if you
    have been sending your mail to a newsgroup and your reply-block
    and remailers become compromised.
  * Support for multiple, probabilistically-weighted, reply blocks.
    These can be used for redundancy or to foil traffic analysis with
    decoys.
  * Replay detection.  This foils replay attacks, but can also be used
    for higher reliability if you send redundant copies of a message
    through different remailer chains.
  * An option to receive only fixed-length messages (by splitting up
    large messages and padding small ones with garbage).
  * An option to sign mail you send with the remailer's public key, so
    as to give some assurance of authenticity without having to
    publish your own PGP public key.
  * Support for finger [pending DNS approval].  You can choose to make
    your nym's PGP public key available to all who finger its E-mail
    address.  Right now you can test this by fingering at 18.26.0.252.
In addition, experimental nym.alias.net support for Premail is now
available (in the form of a patch to premail 0.44).  With this patch,
premail will store your nym's PGP key on encrypted keyrings.  This
allows you to publish a PGP key for your pseudonym without the danger
of your identity being revealed to someone with access to your main
PGP keyrings (or a backup copy of them).
To obtain more information about nym.alias.net, finger
 or send mail to .  To
get information about using premail with nym.alias.net, finger
 or send mail to
These documents are also available on the new nym.alias.net web page:
    Please report all bugs to .  I'll also be glad to
consider feature requests, particularly from anyone interested in
developing any more client software.
mix-admin at anon.lcs.mit.edu

@_date: 1996-07-31 20:00:17
@_author: Mr. Brandon W. Wheaton 
@_subject: FW: Securing 5% of the Internet against Wiretapping by Christmas (fwd) 
Something I picked up from a mailing list called dc-stuff.  It's mostly having to do with security and hacking, thought not typically the "bad" sort. Thought it might not only be of interest the cypherpunks, but perhaps you could offer some hints, tips, advice??  Bdog I've been working on a project in secret for a few months, and now am
talking about it with everyone so that we can all help it along.
Want all the Internet traffic between you and every other
privacy-conscious site on the net, worldwide, to automatically be
encrypted using Triple-DES, RSA, and Diffie-Hellman?  Without changing
your hardware or software, except to stick a Linux PC on your network, or
install a new version of Linux on your laptop?  Want it all by Christmas?
Then check out
  -- John Gilmore
     An equal opportunistic encryptor
