
@_date: 2008-12-21 21:35:03
@_author: krishna e bera 
@_subject: Need help with MPAA threats 
It was in the news today that RIAA is switching strategies
away from suing individuals toward pressuring ISPs.
In USA the EFF might help with legal defense if you are sued or charged,
but that doesnt preserve your server or internet connection if your ISP just cuts you off.
Read your Terms and Conditions and Acceptable Use Policy and switch providers if necessary.
Help lobby against big government and fascist (corporate+police/military) states, etc.
Encourage everyone to use Free Software and strong encryption, and produce works licensed CC-by-sa.
What else can we do?
Nevertheless, some Tor operators (myself included) do so for specific reasons.
We might not help at all if we could not choose our exit policies.
Some who don't want to deal with complaints choose to run middle nodes.
I'm grateful for every byte of bandwidth.

@_date: 2009-11-10 15:40:23
@_author: krishna e bera 
@_subject: Kaspersky wants to make Tor illegal and supports a globalized 
I havent read Kaspersky's report but the general argument is supportable.
The hardware on which the high speed internet runs is increasingly concentrated
under fewer owners.  How many internet access providers exist where you live
and do they significantly differ in Terms of Service, i.e. friendly to privacy?
Google alone now carries from 6 to 10% of all the traffic.
viz. The laws governing (or attempting to) what is allowed on the internet
are also swinging in favour of more control and traceability.  Indeed, if the ACTA currently being negotiated is implemented,
Tor could well become illegal, (a) because it can be used to circumvent
restriction of copyrighted content by country and (b) because you can use it
to hide identity while filesharing (even though we discourage that).
EFF and friends succeeded in repealing some PATRIOT act insanity,
but national insecurity and corporate greed continue to infect
all areas of law and social reality including the internet.
Anyway, there is a volunteer project which may help Tor work on the kind of grassroots internet you describe:
Simulator for slow Internet connections To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
