
@_date: 1994-10-04 17:28:25
@_author: Ken Landaiche 
@_subject: Cyber honor 
Recently, I wrote about forging mail and introduced the idea of
honor in cyberspace:
to which Jim McCoy responded:
That sounded reasonable to me until Crim Tideson asked:
So honor may after all have meaning in cyberspace, as some code of
behavior that preserves one's "reputation".
James A. Donald, whose thinking I tend to respect, points out that,
I'm glad to take your word on this. But I still think that the cryptographic system can be broken: subversion, torture, and "truth
serums" come to mind. If someone strong enough wants your secret
badly enough, they can probably get it, as long as at least one keeper of the secret is alive. This argument relies on one's
adversary having no scruples. Since, as I mentioned before, I have
little knowledge of the mathematics of cryptography, but still share
the cypherpunks' interest in liberty, I'm focusing my efforts on the
social end of the solution. As I said:
to which JAD responded:
What do you mean by "dishonorable"? Is walking through a security
hole like walking through a stranger's insecure door? The latter is an invasion of privacy to me, something I would consider damaging to me and would label a "dishonorable" act.
Consider reputation systems, kill files, and the famous "If no one
reads your posts, you're dead." Death is a pretty severe consequence,
and one that many people admit to imposing.
For target practice, I suggest that at the most basic level, net
entities will have "honor" or a good reputation who do the following:

@_date: 1994-09-12 14:46:21
@_author: Ken Landaiche 
@_subject: E.C.T. 
First, I like the idea of running important social engineering experiments,
like ECT, in cyber-simulations. It gives pretty realistic feedback.
But Second, I worry about discovering clever ways to "charge" the play money
for general internet services. This will condition people to accept paying
in all kinds of novel ways for services that were once freely available. After that, the folks who are trying to figure out how to charge for internet use the way phone companies charge will find little resistance
from the net users.

@_date: 1994-09-12 15:46:00
@_author: Ken Landaiche 
@_subject: reputation credit 1-3 
In my varied experience with performance appraisals, I have found that
one person's "respect 50%" is another person's "respect 90%". Collecting
reputation endorsements from many people would have to include this wide
margin of error. In practice, when the reputation system reached critical
mass, it would develop a norm for how much to trust the average respect
number. In fact, the stabilization of this reputation norm is one
criterion for reaching the critical mass.

@_date: 1994-09-29 12:53:25
@_author: Ken Landaiche 
@_subject: Fortress Remailers 
Could one set up a virtual remailer that floated around a set of news groups? The active remailer would pass an encrypted token to a randomly
chosen member of the set which would become the remailer for the next
interval. A compromized member of the set might then eat the token,
rendering th remailer inoperative, but maybe that could be overcome.
Although I don't have much more than a layman's grasp of cryptography
my basic thought is to consider the set of potential mailers the way
one would consider some known element in a cryptographic scheme, such
as a randomly accessed lookup table, so that if a cracker couldn't
determine the next element in the table, she couldn't determine where
the remailer would be next, either.

@_date: 1994-09-30 11:46:50
@_author: Ken Landaiche 
@_subject: Mandatory Email verification 
I've been vaguely following the thread, which seems to be attempting to
close a loophole in port 25. Assuming you succeeded, wouldn't a clever
demon hacker simply find another way to forge messages? I have seen that
any system a human can devise, another human can eventually break. This
leads me to believe that eventually we will have to begin acting on our
honor, and provide severe consequences for dishonorable behavior. I
haven't finished working out what "honor" means in this social context.
