
@_date: 2000-09-12 00:01:29
@_author: ken@IKDQ.alldog.net 
@_subject: CDR: THIS IS IT! -IRHC 
Dear cypherpunks, You've got to read this!
"AS SEEN ON NATIONAL TV"
YOU can earn $50,000 or more from your computer AT HOME, in next the 180 days sending e-mail. Seem impossible? Read on for details. This is for real!
Thank you for your time and interest. This is the letter you've been reading about in the news lately. Due to the popularity of this letter on the Internet, a major nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of the program described below to see if it really can make people The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal. Their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting participation in this program. This media coverage has helped to show people that this is a simple, harmless and fun way to make some extra money at home.
The results of this show have been truly remarkable. So many people are participating in this program, that those involved are doing much better than ever before. Since everyone makes more money as more people try it out, it's been very exciting to be a part of lately. You will understand once you experience it.
HERE IT IS BELOW:
*** Save and Print This Now For Future Reference ***
The following income opportunity is one you may be interested in taking a look at. It can be started with VERY LITTLE investment and the income return is TREMENDOUS!!!
If you would like to make at least $50,000 in less than 180 days!
Please read the enclosed program...THEN READ IT AGAIN!!!
THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEYMAKING OPPORTUNITY. It does not require you to come into contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you never have to leave the house except to get the mail. If you believe that someday you'll get that big break that you've been waiting for, THIS IS IT! Simply follow the instructions, and your dreams will come true. This multi-level e-mail order-
marketing program works perfectly...100% EVERY TIME.
E-mail is the sales tool of the future. Take advantage of this non-commercialized method of advertising NOW!!! The longer you wait, the more people will be doing business using e-mail.
Get your piece of this action!!!
MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING (MLM) has finally gained respectability. It is being taught in the Harvard Business School, and both the Stanford Research and the Wall Street Journal have stated that between 50% and 65% of all goods and services will be sold through multi-level methods by the mid to late 1990's. This is a Multi-Billion Dollar industry and of the 500,000 millionaires in the United States, 20% (100,000) made their fortune in the last several years in MLM. Moreover, statistics show that 45 people become millionaires everyday through Multi-Level Marketing. Why shouldn't you be one of those You may have heard this story before, but over the summer Donald Trump made an appearance on the David Letterman show. Dave asked him what he would do if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch. Without hesitating, Trump said he would find a good network marketing company and get to work. The audience started to hoot and boo him. He looked out at the audience and deadpanned his response: "That's why I'm sitting up here and you are all sitting out there!"
"The enclosed information is something I almost let slip through my fingers. Fortunately, sometime later I re-
read everything and gave it some thought and took the time to study it. I didn't send for it, or ask for it, they just got my name off a mailing list. THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT!!! After reading it several times, to make sure I was reading it correctly, I couldn't believe my eyes. Here was a MONEY MAKING PHENOMENON. I could invest as much as I wanted to start, without putting me further into debt. After I got a pencil and paper and figured it out, I would at least get my money back. But like most of you I was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the legal aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-
hrs) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal! After determining the program was LEGAL and NOT A CHAIN LETTER, I decided 'WHY NOT'?
Initially I sent out 10,000 e-mails. It cost me about $15 for my first list of addresses. The great thing about e-mail is that I don't need any money for printing to send out the program, and because all of my orders are fulfilled via e-mail, my only expense is my time. I am telling you like it is, and I hope it doesn't turn you off, but I promised myself that I would not "rip-off" anyone, no matter how much money it made In less than one week, I was starting to receive orders for REPORT  By January 13, I had received 26 orders for REPORT  Your goal is to "RECEIVE at least 20 ORDERS FOR REPORT  WITHIN 2 WEEKS. IF YOU DON'T, SEND OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO!" My first step in making $50,000 in 90 days was done. By January 30, I had received 196 orders for REPORT  Your goal is to "RECEIVE AT LEAST 100+ ORDERS FOR REPORT  WITHIN 2 WEEKS. IF NOT, SEND OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO. ONCE YOU HAVE 100 ORDERS, THE REST IS EASY, RELAX, YOU WILL MAKE YOUR $50,000 GOAL.
Well, I had 196 orders for REPORT  96 more than I needed. So I sat back and relaxed. By March 1, of my e-mailing of 10,000, I received $58,000 with more coming in every day.
I paid off ALL my debts and bought a much-needed new car.
Please take time to read the attached program, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE Remember, it won't work if you don't try it. This program does work, but you must follow it EXACTLY! Especially the rule of not trying to place your name in a different place. It won't work and you'll lose out on a lot of money!
In order for this program to work, you must meet your goal of 20+ orders for REPORT  and 100+ orders for REPORT  and you will make $50,000 or more in 180 days. I AM LIVING PROOF THAT IT WORKS!!!
If you choose not to participate in this program, I am sorry. It really is a great opportunity with little cost or risk to you. If you choose to participate, follow the program and you will be on your way to financial security. If you are a fellow business owner and are in financial trouble like I was, or you want to start your own business, consider this a sign. I DID!
A PERSONAL NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM:
By the time you have read the enclosed program and reports, you should have concluded that an amateur could, not have created such a program, and one that is legal.
Let me tell you a little about myself. I had a profitable business for 10 years. Then in 1979 my business began falling off. I was doing the same things that were previously successful for me, but it wasn't working. Finally, I figured it out. It wasn't me it was the economy. Inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had been with us since 1945. I don't have to tell you what happened to the unemployment rate...because many of you know from first hand experience. There were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before.
The middle class was vanishing. Those who knew what they were doing invested wisely and moved up. Those who did not, including those of  us who never had anything to save or invest, were moving down into the ranks of the poor. As the saying goes, "THE RICH GET RICHER AND THE POOR GET POORER." The traditional methods of making money will never allow you to "move up" or "get rich", inflation will see to that.
You have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life, with "NO RISK" and "JUST A LITTLE BIT OF EFFORT." You can make more money in the next few months than you have ever imagined. I should also point out that I will not see a penny of this money, nor anyone else who has provided a testimonial for this program. I have already made over 4 MILLION DOLLARS! I have retired from the program after sending thousands and thousands of programs.
Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED. Do not change it in any way, it works exceedingly well as it is now. Remember to e-mail a copy of this exciting report to everyone you can think of. One of the people you send this to may send out 50,000...and your name will be on every one of them!
Remember though, the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach.
So my friend, I have given you the ideas, information, materials and opportunity for you to become financially independent. IT IS UP TO YOU NOW! THINK ABOUT IT.
Before you delete this program from your mailbox, as I almost did, take a little time to read it and REALLY THINK ABOUT IT. Get a pencil and figure out what could happen when YOU participate. Figure out the worst possible response and no matter how you calculate it, you will still make a lot of money! You will definitely get back what you invested. Any doubts you have will vanish when your first orders come in. IT HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM WILL MAKE YOU THOUSANDS OF This method of raising capital REALLY WORKS 100% EVERY TIME. I am sure that you could use up to $50,000 or more in the next 180 days. Before you say, "bull****", Please read this program carefully.
This is not a chain letter, but a perfectly legal money making opportunity Basically, this is what you do: As with all multi-level businesses, we build our business by recruiting new partners and selling our products. Every state in the USA, and every province in Canada allows you to recruit new multi-
level business partners, and we offer a product for EVERY dollar sent. YOUR ORDERS COME BY MAIL AND ARE FILLED BY E-MAIL, so you are not involved in personal selling. You do it privately in your own home, store or office. This is the GREATEST Multi-Level Mail Order Marketing anywhere
This is what you MUST do:
1. Order all 4 reports shown on the list below (you can't sell them if you don't order them).
