
@_date: 1994-08-03 10:22:56
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: DES Flames 
It seems I made two mistakes.
1) I didn't word my question clearly enough.
2) I posted from my AOL account.  (Note that this is sent from a Genuine Hard to Use Unix Machine as Terribly Sophisticated Proof the I am not a Complete Fool...boy, some people are naive.)
I try again.
1) Some people worry about the strength of DES.     (Correct?)
2) DES is within striking distance of a brute-force attack,    this is far-and-away its most serious weakness.  (Correct?)
3) 3-DES is nowhere near soon being vulnerable to a    brute-force attack.                              (Correct?)
It follows then that:    3-DES is a trivial fix of DES' ills.             (Correct?)
Now, I repeat my puzzle.  If there really was a Great Government
Gnashing of teeth over how to replace DES, what was the problem?  Is
it that 3-DES is too good?  (But then why the great worry over DES in
the first place?  56-bits is not something easy to break off the
shelf.  Are we worried about the French or Japanese or somebody?)
Something doesn't add up here--and it isn't the fact that one of my
six or eight internet addresses is an AOL account.
My tentative answer: DES is *generally* too strong for the TLA's
taste, but specifically 56-bits worth of DES is too little.  They were
in a paradox of wanting something the US spooks could read but others
can't.  But then why the long delay before back-door systems like
Clipper are rushed out?  It still doesn't add up.
Another possible answer: the threat to DES was not its weakness,
rather the combination of its *strength* and the fact that regular
folks would start using it, a la PGP and RIPEM.  When it first came
out only banks and stuff were interested, not plain old citizens.  In
other words, DES' fault was how strong it is.  (ObStupidWarning: Yes,
56-bits is too few to really trust, but 3-DES is a trivial variation.)
-kb, the Kent who no longer has Perry's permission to post
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 39:30 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-01 18:53:29
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
Hey folks, passwords are hard to choose!
It boils down to this: I can't remember as many bits as the TLAs can
crack by brute force.
Starting with a bunch of coin tosses I tried ways of coding them: hex,
ASCII, and words off word lists.
Horrors!  The hex is too long, the ASCII is too long and too obscure,
words words chosen by those bits too many and too obscure.
Sorry, there is no way regular people are going to remember pass words
or phrases with more than about 50-bits worth of information in
them--and even doing that well is going to be rare.
We need to slowdown password testing?
Obvious things come to mind.  1) Try to pair up short passwords with
slow hardware, like a smartcard that can only consider a few passwords
a second.  2) Try to hide behind an expensive operation.  (Does
encrypting my private key 1,000,000-times equal encrypting it once
with a key 20-bits longer?)
What do we do?  (What are you folks doing right now?)
-kb, the Kent who occasionally considers practicalities
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-02 01:41:42
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
What part don't you understand?
Give people the opportunity to chose "random" passwords and they
choose easily guessed strings.  (Well demonstrated.)
Tell people to chose a *phrase* and they are going to frequently type
"The quick brown fox...".  (My assertion.)
Your suggestion about rare steak is so long that "normal" people are
not going to bother with it.  Just getting people to type the
19-characters of "the quick brown fox"--just four words--is going to
be hard, and there are not very many bits of information in 4 short
common English words--forget that they are a chiche.
Besides, your sample phrase might not have as many bits in it as you
22 words, a good start.  But all will appear in a short dictionary
list, 4 gramatical sentences, sentences with related meaning.  Not so
good.  Slightly non-standard capitalization--but only a few bits in
that.  You suggest a phrase that is going to seem annoying to people
raised on 4-digit PINs, yet it still might not have, say, the 128-bits
lots of people want.
My 128 coin tosses can be roughly turned into 8-words, but out of a
much larger word list than your phrase and with no gramatical
connections--and hard to remember.  Each transformation I might do to
those words to help remember them chops off a few of my original bits.
By the time I have something my mother is going to bother with there
are few bits left.  A little brute force and those bits are blown.
And why should you care if my mom uses weak keys?  Because it will
undermine the legal weight of things like digital signatures.  Because
all communication you have with "normal" people will be nearly in the
clear because of their poor security.  If you want privacy, you need
to help others have privacy.
Back to a rephrasing of my original question: should programs like PGP
super-duper encrypt the private key (and remove those hints poeple
have mentioned recently) as a way of slowing down brute-force attacks?
P.S. Remember, even a good hashing algorithm should not be expected to
create entropy out of thin air.  Too few bits in means too few bits
out.  Just because I don't know how to analyze those bits does not
mean you should be content.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-02 12:52:19
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
ben at Tux.Music.ASU.Edu and joshua at cae.retix.com both suggest ways to
choose passwords/phrases--things no normal person will do.
What do we do about a population which thinks a 4-digit PIN is secure?
If people use their current ATM PINs--and a lot of computer users *do*
when they are allowed--there will be problems: if we want privacy we
had better figure out how to give everyone privacy.
Part of my original post was cribbing from a paper I once read on the
security of crypt on Unix machines.  It talked of multiple
applications of crypt to slow down brute-force password cracking.
Should things like PGP use this technique in protecting the secret
key?  Does a million encryptions equal 10-bits added to the key?
(Assuming the million encryptions cannot be composed into a single
equivalent encryption.)
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-02 13:21:48
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: PASSWORD DIFFICULTIE 
Wrong.  Read chapter 7 of Schneier's Applied Cryptography, a
dictionary attack is richer than just throwing a dictionary at it.
There is no reason not to try all combinations of several words from
smallish dictionaries.
Those three words would likely show up in a 4,000-word dictionary.  A
1-in-4000 choice is 12-bits.  You chose three words, I count about
36-bits there then.  Generously add another few bits for
capitalization and spacing, and you are still at or under the 40-bits
the NSA feels comfortable with.
(The fact that you would hash this out to 128-bits should not confuse
us.  A hash function cannot make up entropy.)
How many of us have dreamed up wild login passwords (in our youths,
perhaps, but we were more savvy than most youths or adults), only to
years later read David Klein's recipe for an extended dictionary crack
and realize that he would get many of your "clever" passwords?  Same
thing for pass-phrases: clever people will come up with clever
techniques, so only trust a cold count of random bits.  The phrase
"spinachwalrusgazebo" is worth no more than 40-bits, is weak, and yet
is stronger than the keys most normal people will pick.
Passwords are hard to choose.
-kb, the Kent who is on a bit-counting harangue.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!
P.S.  When earlier comparing a million encryptions to 10-bits, I
obviously meant 20-bits--either that or I was being very conservative.

@_date: 1994-07-03 00:09:59
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
Something pronouncable?  Something that follows rules of some natural
language, something short that could have been a word?
Good, but not the whole cigar.  Last I used VMS you could get it to
suggest non-word word-a-likes to use as your password.  Seems terrible
brute forcable in 1994.  Adding a non-word to a pass phrase is like increasing the size of the
dictionary, and if you only do one non-word then only *that* word
picks up more bits of entropy in the phrase.  Yes, there are bits in
where you put the word, but the whole phrase did not become made of
deep bits.
But my point is really that even these often-less-good-than-they-look
measures are far better than what *real* people are going to do.
-kb, the Kent who wonders whether real people will ever have decent security
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-03 01:18:48
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Visual Passphrases 
Certainly passwords are not the only threat, and the rarity of Tempest
equipment at the local computer store does mean that the TLAs keep an
ability to spy on anyone they can aim an antenna at, but for some
folks (read: most folks) there might be much easier ways.
I actually don't worry so much about RF monitoring because the natural
evolution of computers is slowly killing emmisions.  Particularly for
battery operated equipment and equipment near OSHA inspectors.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-04 02:11:07
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Pass Phrases 
Allow me to take back all I said about my difficulty in finding good
passwords.  I can make up plenty difficult passphrases, and I can even
type them blindly.
What worries me is that *others* will not be as wonderfully smart and
clever as am I.
Most persons in in the modern world already have to remember several
"passwords", most of them being PINs.  Large numbers of persons in the
modern world also use some sort of computer that also requires a
password.  Many of these people are even allowed to choose their own
The resulting security is *terrible*.  People pick terrible passwords,
just read one of the papers on dictionary attacks on /etc/passwd.
There are two general approaches to this problem: 1) Lecture on the
importance of picking good passwords.  2) Slow down the testing of the
poor passwords people do pick.  Wait, there is a third approach: ignore the problem!  Pat ourselves on
the back for choosing (and being able to type) passphrases with maybe
40-bits of entropy in them.  Sorry folks, the best way to make your 40-bits secure is to force the
TLAs to crack *everyone's* keyrings, try to make them all a bit more
It seems to me doing what we can to slow down the testing of passwords
is a good idea.  Of course keeping encrypted private keys out of
circulation is a good idea, but that does not mean there is nothing
else to be done.
-kb, the Kent who can get annoying
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-05 19:24:22
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
That would make a difference, but how trustworthy is that fact?
Nostalgia time:
The first cash card I ever had was crackable.  When I opened the
account at Minnesota Federal the teller passed me this out-sized
calculator, I punched in my chosen (6-digit) PIN, she punched in their
(presumed) salt, and she recorded the 5 or 6 digit number the machine
produced (I forget that detail).
Boy was I intrigued!  I asked my math-major big sister how one could
figure out what someone's PIN was given the output it gave them.  She
didn't know enough about cryptography to give me an interesting
answer, she simply pointed out that it need not be a linear
The encrypted number was embossed on my card.  I could walk up to the
various small terminals scattered in places like grocery stores, tell
it I wanted $5, get the chit it printed, bring it to a cashier, and
get the money.  I am glad I am a pack-rat, someplace I have the old card and all the
receipts, I wonder where that number showed up, etc.  Will have to
poke around...
Ob-Password-Item: The PIN I chose?  The frail "266367"; amazing how
easily it came back to my fingers when I just now tried it on a
telephone-style keypad (as they used in that system).
Don't worry, that account (and system) is long dead...there is no
money in it any longer.  My PIN choice does date the system rather
closely, however.  (And with an appropriately cypherpunk-paranoid type
connection, I might add.)
And in retrospect, my choice of a PIN was not *so* bad considering how
thin the whole system was...well, OK, it was pretty weak.
Anyone know what obscurity was in that box?
-kb, the Kent who sometimes feels like an oldtimer
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-06 13:07:24
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Kevin Mitnik 
I am under the impression that I would not like Mitnik personally, but I
have never personaly met him...
Would I turn him in?  Well, put it this way: I would not harbor
him but neither would I work very hard to figure out where he is
or whether a particular "nobody" on this list be him.
I see two values in him being on the lam:
1) His activities point out the need for more secure computer
systems--the fact that he mostly relies on "Social Engineering" is lost on most people.
2) He is a romantic outlaw who is not a pedophile, nuclear terrorist,
or murderer--his existance distracts from those totems.  (Whether he
actually *fits* this romantic image is beside the point, I am talking
images here.)
Mr. Mitnik (if you are listening): keep your sense of humor, try to be
"mostly harmless", don't get caught molesting small boys--or anyone
else, try to confine your public exploits to "honorable
pranks"--things the man on the street will admire and not recoil from.
Be wise.
-kb, the Kent who keeps his nose clean
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-06 13:16:09
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Tempest: It'll Receed 
The trends are in our favor.  Micros are getting more complicated OS's
(a Tempest attack on world.std.com is going to be a mess, I guess)
making for more complicated emissions, wimpy batteries and Energy
Star stickers  will slowly drive down all emissions (why waste the
power?), and so many appliances are now emitting from their embedded
CPUs--which is another thing that will drive emissions, the FCC.
But let's not get cocky: mostly we are sitting ducks for anyone
who wants to build a fancy radio, it is only the trend which good.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-06 22:17:09
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: More Mitnik 
YES, whether it is true or not that is exactly the sort of stuff we
need to get Joe Lunchbox saying "YES!"--and getting Joe Lunchbox on
our side* is more important that you know.  (Who do you think held down
the tax on the beer I am drinking right now?  That's right, it was
Joe, and I admire that.)
We need to watch our image, and Mitnik (if he is smart) is a great way
to distact from the pedophile scare.  How can people get indignant
when they are too busy laughing?  The idea of one social misfit wire
tapping the FBI (and they want to put wiretaps in the *design*?) is so
entertaining--and understandable by Joe Lunchbox--that I can't stand
* Our side: strong crypto without backdoors for either Mitnik or Freeh
is good.  Agree?
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-06 22:32:14
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Tim May and Security for The Millions 
Tim (yes, it was me--Kent Borg--you quoted the most recent time you
said--roughly--that other people's security is no very important to
you), there is a very good reason why you want *everyone* to have good
The fact that "everyone" will use up the snooping resources of the
TLAs, leaving less for them to throw at you, is not the main point,
for the TLAs might come up with clever secret approaches which allow
their resources do amazingly efficient things.
What you really want to know is what the state of the art is inside
the NSA, what efficient things they can do.  (You want to know the
*whole* story behind the S-boxes, what Skipjack is, etc.)
The best way to do this is to badly, I mean *BADLY*, tempt them to tip
their hand.  If pedophiles (the canonical/mythical threat) are the
threat they see then put the best security we (on the outside) have in
the hands of the world's pedophiles and watch the prosecutions.
Either the TLAs tip their hands by cracking the 1998 version of PGP
5.0.2 with IDEA^3 or they don't.
If they do, you know they cracked it.  If they don't you know one of
two things:
1) They didn't crack it.
2) They did crack it *but* are too afraid to say they cracked
it--which is nearly equal to not having cracked it.  (Preventing them
from acting on information is close to denying them the same
information--the Coventry Legend and all.)
A wonderful way for us to drive cryptological research out into the
light is to *temp* them into showing their hands, and giving good
security to *everybody* is the best way to do that.  Following this
argument, preventing trivial "quick brown fox"-attacks is part of the
job of giving good security to everyone, make them work at the
interesting problems.  Conclusion: my recent "passwords are hard"
tirade is not completely off-subject.  More general conclusion: user
interface issues ("My Mom" et al) are very important.
Certainly, working on the gaping hole of Tempest attacts is very
important (any ideas?), but don't forget that RF-snooping of moving
notebooks requires risky ~field work~ and bad take-out food, something
properly high-tech TLAs hate.  Tempest attacks are only worthwhile
against juicy targets, while some other attacks are useful in bulk.
(For examples of how poor passwords are useful in bulk, read RISKS,
use your imagination, and extrapolate to large populations.)
Tim, the best way for you to have good security is to put good
security in the hands of the millions.
-kb, the Kent who can sometimes get personal and use first names
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-06 22:43:35
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Schneier Claims on Multiple Encryption 
In Applied Cryptography (at 8.2.5) Bruce Schneier says:
"What about encrypting a block once with algorithm A and key K-a, and
then again with algorythm B and key K-b?  Aside from being susceptable
to ... meet-in-the-middle attacks, there is no guarantee that the two
algorythms will work together to increase security.  There may be
subtle interactions between the two algorithms which actually
*decrease* security."
Wait.  If applying a different algorithm with an unrelated key might
decrease security, then the TLAs could themselves apply another
algorithm with their own unrelated key as an analysis technique, no?
Kent's Hypothosis: Superencrypting different algorithms with unrelated
keys can never weaken non-trivial algorithms.
Stacking DES on top of IDEA on top of Ceasar can be no worse than the
strongest of the the set--assuming the keys are unrelated and the
attempted security is not through obscurity and the algorithms are not
so confused as to be each other's analysis.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-07 22:52:10
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Question: Key Distr. in realtimeo applications? 
There are two ways around the problem of a faked public key.
1) spread it widely enough that it is hard to fake the several lookups
you might do before first using it (you gonna doctor every cypherpunk
posting I see which includes a key?  gotta have a good middle to not
get caught sitting there)
2) have a single well known key sign a copy of the key you want to be
accepted as legit--and if that is too busy a task for the very
important single key holder, just sign a few keys (one for Oberlin,
for example) and have *them* sign further keys (including a copy of
their signed credentials).  This signing of credentials can be
extended indefinitely.  (Apple uses this scheme with RSA coding in
their forthcoming mail support for the Mac--or at least did, I have
not played with the recent betas.)
And these two approaches work together.  If my keyring has dozens of
keys from the same organization, all signed with the same organization
key, it becomes very difficult to get me to accept a fake.  (Assuming
there is software support for easily doing this kind of checking,
something I don't think is in PGP, etc.)
Encryption of voice: same problems as other key authorization
situations, but often easier.  If I call my mother, I don't care what
key she uses, I will recognize her voice, how she speaks, and what she
appears to know--things that are not yet fakeable except by very good
actors with lots of time to study their roles.
One-time key, how to distribute to both participants: don't.  Let each
pick a random key and sent it to the other using the other's public
key--no need to use the same key in both directions, in fact seems a
bad idea.
-kb, the Kent
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-08 11:34:18
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Question: Key Distr. in realtimeo applications? 
Who said anything about sending a one time pad under RSA?  I was
talking about a session key.  Sorry not to use the buzz word "session
key", but neither did I use the buzz word "otp", I just said
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 31:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-13 12:01:55
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: NATIONAL SECURITY PORN RISK 
We need another TLA?  I propose: TPD: Terrorists, Pedophiles, and Drug-dealers.
It seems everytime one of this canonical-trio arises the person who
thought it up thinks it was an original thought.  If "TDP" got into
circulation as term of ridicule, it might help our cause.
Think about it, by reducing These Horrors to just another TLA we can
then maybe talk about how TDPs are also thought to sometimes use
telephones, cars, the post office, money, electricity, and shoes, and
what are we gonna *do* about it?
-kb, the Kent who wants to make people recognize how silly this all is
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-13 13:01:45
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: House Rules Committee marks encryption bill as "open" 
Stanton McCandlish  then copied it out to a zillion
Aren't we looking a bit amateurish?
A loud call is put out in an attempt to lobby this committee, and it
took someone (apparently) in New York City to call the committee to
find out that, oh yes, a few days ago they had the vote and it went
our way.
Why was it again that EFF needed to open a Washington, D.C., office?
Come on folks!  We are playing the *big* time here.  Real Lobbiests
*know* how important votes go.  We are up against real lobbiests on
these issues.
If EFF is going to make official requests for faxes and phone calls it
should also make prompt official reports of the results.  I want us to
be organized, I want us to look organized, I want the Congress to know
we are organized.  I also want the folks who sent the faxes and made the phone calls to
know when they accomplish something.  I would like to know how
individual Congressmen voted, so I can follow up my fax with a "thank
you" if appropriate.  Where is this info??
Is EFF on summer vacation?  If matters we care about are up for votes
we should be paying close attention *and* making it clear to everyone
that we are paying close attention.
Crypto export is extremely important, we should not mess this up.
-kb, the Kent who is feeling a bit embarrassed
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-13 23:49:49
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: House Rules Committee marks encryption bill as "open" 
It appeared to me that some individual phoned up the committee.
That's cool, I thank him.  My gripe is that it was EFF* that made the
big stink to get us to send faxes in the first place.  The people who
started the stink should follow up.
* Possible "the Kent who can't keep his FLAs straight" retraction: If
it was really CPSR that publicized the need for faxes and phone calls
I will take back all the nasty things I said about EFF in this and my
last message and apply them to CPSR--or EPIC (sp?) or whomever it was.
All I know is it was not some guy on Panix who sent out the Big Call.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-14 17:56:51
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: ID card from hell 
What a bizarre world!  I have no interest in buying heroin and don't expect to go to prison
anytime soon, yet this is somehow the nicest realization I have had in
a long time.
Thank you, Duncan.
-kb, the Kent who insists upon having hope
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-15 15:44:41
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
Something that frustrates me in fighting about crypto issues is the
amazing quantities of ignorance available on the subject.  I wish
people knew more.  Yes, if they understood how a meet-in-the-middle
attack works that would be nice, but I would settle with something far
It would be really nice if people had practical experiance *using*
cryptography in a friendly, innocent, and non-threatening way.
Familiarity breeds comfort.
How to do this?  What about a multi-player game which requires
cryptography to implement the play?  One possiblity would be a
cryptographic implementation of playing cards.
This has very obvious and easy to understand graphical
implementations.  So simple a small child can easily understand the
product--which means possibly even the ITAR police would get the
This "digital deck of cards" would be flexible enough to allow the
playing of most card games with the addition of the same manual
book-keeping as is needed with physical cards.  For assistance in
keeping score, bidding--or God forbid--betting, there would be a
journaled, low-bandwidth communication channel which would be--very
important here--in the clear.
The digital cards would be cryptographically strong.  Players would appreciate that cheating could be accomplished by
cracking the codes, and yet no one seems to be able to cheat.  (Note,
cheating through collusion in a game like bridge would still be
The cards would not be suitable for distributing porn, bomb making
secrets, or drugs, yet would drive the ITAR police *crazy*.  What if a
deck of the these cards were to be illegally exported from the
country?!?!?  Try telling all those Regular Citizens who are getting
on the net and discover they can play cards that the cards are
dangerous munitions.  What a wonderful way to make the ITAR police
look completely silly.  Oh, and to be sure they *do* get upset, make
the cards just open enough that they *do* constitute something more
general-purpose.  (Make calls to PGP, or let others make calls to the
crypto functions in the digital cards--something like that.)
Comments?  Suggestions for a game other than cards that would be
better or more suitable?  Is anyone already working on a Card Playing Protocol?
-kb, the Kent who tries to cause trouble
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-15 17:52:08
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
Cool, but only to the extent it falls out nearly for free, being too
general is an enemy of actually getting results.  Besides, it seems a
better application of any urges to be general would be to work with
*any* transport medium from an alt.games.moves to IRC to email (AOL,
Compuserve, etc., in addition to Unix mail) to TCP/IP to pagers.  So
let's tag things and leave room for expansion with new tags, but let's
build one thing first.
Don't get me wrong, I would love for it to be general--like become the
basis for general purpose transactions--but the very fact that that
occurs to me warns me that it is best to make version 1.0 first, and
then 2.0, etc.  Plus, being general about allowing new tags will
certainly tweak the ITAR police.
Do you *really* think I would propose such a thing without a handy
place to crib from?  Some people!  Hell, I might have to write some
code here, and I'm lazy.
Oh, it would be nice to be bit more general than just poker.  Just a
deck of cards, places to put them, the ability to reshuffle and
rearrange stacks on the table, play cards from your hand, etc.  The
enforcement of plays is through the same technique as with a real
deck: other players are watching.  The cryptographic aspects are the
interesting ones, not implementing any particular game.  Besides, I'm
lazy, remember.
Noooooo!  This is a political move.  It should be nothing more wicked
than a deck of cards.  (To some people that is bad enough.  Maybe
there would be a Rook option...)  Just a deck of 52-cards (and how many for Rook?) and a table on which
to play.
And that worries me.  What are the fundamental operations with cards?
Can everything be modeled as different stacks on the table?  Some have
special privilages: I can see my hand, you can't; the top n-cards of
some stacks are visible to everyone; some stacks are visible to all
(playing a trick).  Any player can manipulate any card--though if you
grab one from my hand I might get upset, every player will see the
manipulation.  Some cards are face up (or once were), some are face
down (shuffled with the whole deck or a subset).  Interesting realization: there is a set of card tricks which can be
performed in this environment and a set which cannot.  I suppose there
would then be a set of magicians who are willing to perform with this
deck and a set who will not.  (And how many will use magic tricks as
proof of having factored RSA-XXX?)
Where to put the information about face down cards: To make slow
interactions possible, is there a way every player can have all
information--but can be challanged that cards have not been peeked at?
And how to keep you from checking my hand in poker after
I--maybe--bluffed you into folding.  Hmm, there is a tension here.
Looks like I need to carefully read pages 78-81.
-kb, the Kent who is practicing looking innocent and saying things
like "Who me??  MUNITIONS???  All I wanted to do was to play gin
rummy.  With my mom in Minnesota."
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-15 19:06:57
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: CPP: Card Playing Protocol 
Having reread pages 78-81, I guess pagers, usenet, and slow email are
pretty much out.
I looks like I am going to have to track down the proceedings from
Crypto 85, 86, and 87.  (Still in print?  Expensive??)  All the main
sources seem to be in them.
Though all the applicable literature talks of playing poker, it seems
more general and politically wiser to talk about playing cards.
Besides, "PPP" is already in big-time circulation meaning
"Point-to-Point Protocol", "PP" for "Poker Protocol" is only two
letters--of course verboten.  "PGP" for "Pretty Good Poker" would only
get Phil's lawyers after me.
That leaves "CPP", for a nice wholesome card game.
-kb, the Kent who might actually do it
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-15 19:28:23
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
Easy.  Three quick ones.
1) If you like nice distributed "I don't need no stinkin' trusted
server" ways of doing things, it is the only way to play some virtual
2) Games are very important.  (Quick: Name 10-industries which are
bigger.  ...  Betcha ya made at least one mistake.)
3) A simple game of cards is very non-threatening.  It doesn't smack
of anarchists or revolutionaries or anything frightening like that.
Those words scare a lot of people.  This is politics man, these things
I admit I originally considered a situation where the user actually
saw the crypto elements in action, I have since convinced myself that
is silly.  At least in the case of doing cards, too complicated.
Seeing the results is pretty powerful, however.
Also, remember who suggested this (today): I am a user interface
freak.  The effort is in the protocol, the user never sees it, she
only notices that she can now be part of the World Wide Duplicate
Bridge Tournament that she heard about on All Things Considered.
The effort in building the protocol?  I love that stuff.  The effort in writing the software?  I like that stuff somewhat--but
there is possible *profit* here, I might not have to write more than
the crude 0.9 version.  Some game company might finally bring down
ITAR.  (Now that is economic might.)
The effort in CPU time or communication bandwidth?  Shit!  We are
talking a world of digital video, for christsakes!  What's a few
computrons and bauds burnt to deal a hand of go-fish?
Is there a flavor of effort I forgot?
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-16 00:51:15
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Leaving the Country 
Nope.  As a many year Mass resident I have never seen a state liquor
store in the state.  Sure, plenty across the border in New Hampster,
but not in MA.
One of New Hampster's big tax sources is nasty property taxes.  Nice
regressive taxes on wealth (both taxing wealth and regressive taxes
annoy me), to support a state which does its best to not exist.
-kb, the Kent who is currently in California where I can buy booze on
*Sunday*, and at a *grocery* store.  Cool!
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-16 01:08:13
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
Oh, GREAT!
Tim says (roughly): "Go for it, too bad you are doomed to lose
interest shortly."
Geeze, I hate people who make generalizations which are, well, likely
to be borne out yet one more time.  (I *hate* that!)
So I am either supposed to put my tail between my legs now, or take
this as a challenge to "Follow through this time.", or let it soon die
quietly and hope Tim takes mercy and doesn't rub my nose in it.
Grrr.  I *hate* reality.
So here is where I am:
1) I am wondering whether a "digital deck of cards" is a good choice.
2) If it is, I am wondering how the protocol would roughly be framed
   (Fundamental card operations, etc.), with an eye towards what the
   cryptographic protocols can offer.
3) Then, if things make sense, appear tractable, and (drum roll) I
   haven't gone onto fresher blue-sky ideas, I figure out how to start
   building the damn thing.
4) And if I ever get to building it I will start first with the little
   pieces (the cryptographic fragments) which might be useful
   individually when I lose interest in building the larger beast.
I assume that I will have to do real work at each of these
stages--though I welcome any help.  Both now when the talk is still
cheap and later when the bits hit the disk.
So far I am at step  nudging towards portions of step   I refuse
to be shamed about abandoning step  until I have at least embarked
on it.  (Then you can make fun of me.)  Just producing a complete
RFC-quality protocol would be something not to be sniffed at.  In
fact, I am prepared to stop there and *still* feel smug.  (So there!)
As for getting people to want to use this digital deck of cards, I
rely on my passion for good user interface design combined with the
continuing popularity of card games.  (And people's continued interest
in playing games with other people rather than just computers.)
So I am currently at step   Is the Card Playing Protocol a good
choice for being:
1) cryptographically interesting
2) tractable
3) "harmless"
4) appealing to users?
Comments?  (You too Tim.)
And Tim, don't worry about my eyes becoming glazed over with images of
Donald Trump.  I don't like The Donald.  Gambling is boring.
(Besides, generalized transactions are far more appealing to a
megalomaniacal fool like me.  How CPP applies remains for me to
-kb, the Kent who is going to be Cometing tomorrow, handy annual open
house at JPL this weekend, etc.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com
kentborg at aol.com
          Proud to claim 32:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-16 22:52:43
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
tcmay at netcom.com writes of why projects (like my proposal) never get finished.  His item I'm counting on Cypherpunks to play that role!
-kb, the Kent who is pretty excited about Shoemaker-Levy 9 too.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-16 23:24:05
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
hughes at ah.com wrote some interesting stuff:
Damn!  People are paying attention.  It was an off-hand remark.  Any
bells and whistles along those lines are certainly banned from any
early version.
My mind wandered to that very point this very morning.  The simplist
way to find players is the same we currently find email addresses: the
hard way.  Type in the addresses of the other players.  (Assuming the
software is already running on those nodes, those players would not
have to retype the other addresses, accepting the invitation to play
would be more like a single "click".)
I think anything more elaborate along these lines is a candidate for
banning from 1.0.  (One problem is that the "I'm looking for a
game."-problem is at least as big and interesting as building a deck
of cards.)
And that is one of the wonderful sort of engineering problems I love:
keeping the different parts clear of each other's private parts yet
still considerate of their desires and needs.
My instinct is for a peer-to-peer design.  Yes, they will serve each
other cards, etc., but I would like to avoid the user confusion of
having two different sorts of software needed.  (At a comms protocol
level there might always be a single server per game--I don't know
yet--but I would like to hide that sort of stuff from users.)
-kb, the Kent who will be driving to Pasadena early in the morning,
but not to watch soccer.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-16 23:38:55
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
hughes at ah.com
HEY!  I've read Schneier (if that is what you meant).
Eric also went into various details of how to reveal cards to
individuals (my hand) and all players (the current trick),
etc.--details I am not prepared to comment on yet.  I have some
reading to do first!
I also need to review (learn) a collection of card games to appreciate
their requirements, whether there is a tractable common set of
operations.  (Ironic to have a virtual non-card player consider this
choice of project.)  Crypto is not the only thing I need to read.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-17 00:19:34
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Hashed hash 
Ben.Goren at asu.edu foolishly says:
And wonders about the hash being too fast to compute, that a
brute-force traversal of the database would be too easy.  The idea is
then to hash a bunch of times to burn CPU cycles, but what if the hash
is a group, extra hashing could be reversed quickly.  (Did I get that
Well, as the LOUD proponent of making secret keys s-l-o-w-e-r to
decrypt, I have thought about this a bit, and have a suggestion:
Hash once, then do a zillion encryptions of the hash with a non-group
cypher like DES.  Another idea (something I have thought less about): send every legit
user of the database a custom version with the parts encrypted with
that user's public key--and do the trick mailing list companies use,
scatter some dummy info in the list.  When a dummy (not just me) gets
a junk mailing, go beat up on the user who's copy had to have supplied
the junk.  Not perfect: combinations of dummies are needed in case the
junk mailer cracks multiple copies (multiple work) and then trys to
sift unique dummies that way.  Another problem: it is expensive to
monitor the dummies.  (1990's biz opportunity?, the monitoring of data
that no one is supposed to have.)
-kb, the Kent who doesn't want to be thought of as only a card player
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-17 22:04:40
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
rarachel at prism.poly.edu writes about problems with card protocols,
I will once I am sure I will understand the answer.
-kb, the Kent who does have some reading ahead of him
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-17 22:07:07
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
rarachel at prism.poly.edu writes some interesting looking details
on crypto cards, but I am too exhausted to make sense of it tonight.
I am not ignoring it.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:00 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-17 22:11:03
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
Oh, I sure hope the spooks are listening, but I don't intend that
their knowing the protocol will help them cheat at cards any more then
having the PGP source will let them read messages encrypted by it.
That is what cryptography is all about.
Note, depending on how things land thrid parties might have no
difficulty watching the play without a superencrypting--I don't yet

@_date: 1994-07-18 20:03:15
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Life & Times LA TV prog on LLL Porn 
A local public TV program in LA just ended.  One of their closing mini-
items was on the spy porn at Lawrence Livermore (sic).  One host gave a
short version of the hysterical take, including that LLL was going to do
Star Wars, and how terrible their security must be.
Host  kicked in with a claim that he knows nothing about computers.
Host  did the best thing I can imagine: said it was also part of the
JFK coverup...
-kb, the Kent who has been caught watching TVF
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:30 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-18 20:12:01
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
I am presuming this is true--I am just trying to phrase things carefully.
I don't yet understand all I need to know (I think I need to read
crypto someone said).  I like distributed stuff...I am just too
ignorant to know how purely it can be adhered to.
-kb, the Kent who is trying not to get too far ahead of himself
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:30 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-18 20:19:22
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
So I should wonder about how to find the sources mentioned in
his bibliography?
Yup.  I haven't gotten that far yet.
-kb, the Kent who is only human
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 35:30 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-07-28 13:15:15
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: DES Vulnerable, Why? 
[Tim said, roughly, that public actions to replace DES have not
revealed anything about what the NSA & Co. know about DES's
Which I guess is part of what I was driving at.
The other part of what I was driving at: DES is becoming crackable by
pure brute force.  Doesn't 3-DES solve that problem for a few orders
of magnatude?
If 3-DES is so simple a variation on DES, then what is wrong with DES
that 3-DES doesn't solve?  (Yes, it is slower in SW than IDEA--I am
talking security for the moment.)
-kb, the Kent who is leery of the new-fangled when the old seems so
easy to fix
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 39:30 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-04 23:37:29
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
thad at pdi.com (Thaddeus Beier)
[with which thad disagrees:]
Both exaggerate, me thinks.
1) Dr. Blaze blasts out of the water any justification for faith in
the competence/honesty of the NSA in this matter.  This is a real
basic, easy to explain to the corner barber, case of the NSA being
caught with its pants down.  It was a serious technical flub for them
to leave something "this easy"* in the PCMCIA version of Clipper.
* "this easy" is compared to the billions-and-billions of years good
  crypto systems are supposed to hold up, it is not a dig on Dr. Blaze
  who knows one hell of a lot more about this than do I.
2) We might be net-geeks, but Normal People--even crooks--still use
the phone.  It is not at all clear to me that the Blaze LEAF Spoof
(BLS?) is something which will easily retrofit to a Clipper *phone*.
First, is it theoretically possible to do his spoof in the key
exchange of a telephone call?  Second, is it possible to do it quickly
enough that the other phone doesn't get suspicious--i.e., time out?
Third, is the needed spoofing hardware something tiny which I will be
able to find a Circuit City for $30, which I can trivially plug into
my phone as I walk out the door?  If not, the practical result is that
nearly no one will foil the phone tapping.
-kb, the mild-mannered Kent who just realized that: "Now I *am* in the
NSA's files.  Even the NSA on a stupid isn't dumb enough to not
archive this list."
P.S.  Seeing as how the NSA already has cypherpunks archived, maybe we
could talk them into letting us have access to their files--not
everything, just the stuff we wrote.  FoIA request maybe?
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-10 12:45:33
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: New Yorker First Flame Author on TotN 
I forget his name, but the guy who wrote the New Yorker article about
being flamed will be on National Public Radio program "Talk of the
Nation" on Monday.  I don't know which hour, but the live feed (and
live is important for a phone-in program) is 2 PM through 4 PM ES/DT.
Let's not all start phoning just yet, and when we do let's all be calm
and not flame him without listening to him first.  For example, the
excerpts of the original article posted here on c'punks wasn't the
best example of editing that I have ever seen (slight flame there...),
it seemed to attribute to him things I don't think he said.
The subject is flaming, we will be in public, let's all be calm...
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-10 21:03:26
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Delayed self-encrypting messages 
And I would even trust it to be pretty safe from physical tampering.
The cost would be so high and the exposure from various space watchers
rather certain.  Good enough for me.
Seems there are two ways so far mentioned to do this "embargo" trick:
1) Have a trusted and secure party hold your key until time.
2) Hide a key inside an expensive computation and then figure out how
to get the NSA *really* interested in finding and publishing their
crack of your code.  If you estimated their abilities correctly your
fuse will burn at the right speed, the time delay will be as you
intended.  (Gosh, is there a thriller novel in here some place?)
I think I see a third:
3) Kinda "security through obscurity", but a dollop of "trusted" third
party too.    a) Encrypt the key and instructions for its distribution with
Trent's public key.    b) Add a message asking him not to open 'til Christmas.  Encrypt
again with his public key.    c) Send it off on a remailer-goose chase to delay and further
confuse the TLAs.
Hell, maybe just skip "c".  Split the key into a n-of-m set of sharing fragments.  Send each off
to each of m Trent's.  Hope that no more than m-n get lost, hope that
the TLAs can't find/turn n of your Trents.
-kb, the Kent who isn't as devious as he would like to be--but he is
still reading cypherpunks.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-12 15:00:52
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
Oh, am I stupid.  Someone mentioned having lent his Schneier to
someone.  Hmmm.  I wondered what book that would be, maybe I
would want to buy a copy.
So I charged off to look in the bibliography in Applied Cryptography.
Strange, there are some articles listed by him, but nothing seems
to fit, yet this book is so new...
In any event, I really am enjoying Applied Cryptography, by Bruce
Schneier.  You could have lent your copy of it...
-kb, the Kent who can be so slow
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-13 10:12:14
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Messages in Time 
It just occured to me.  Duh!  Squeemish and ossifrage were effectively
messages in time.
Sure, the NSA probably got the message sooner than the rest of us, and
the amount of time for the message to be received was grossly
mispredicted, but a whole bunch of us saw that original Scientific
American article and years later saw the contents.
Given our familiarity with the whole event I think it is pretty clear
how impractical this technique is for info time traveling.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-13 14:40:34
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Economist Clipper Article 
Lead article in the Science and Technology section of this week's
Economist is about Clipper.
As usual for the Economist, it is really quite good.  Good description
of the LEAF and Blaze's hack.  Mentions the 47,000 CPSR signatures,
Wired, and makes a good case for how a "voluntary" standard might not
be, and the export issues.  Wish all general-interest publications
were so well done.
The profile of Clipper is rising, and the press is not too shiny for
the NSA.
-kb, the Economist-reading Kent
P.S.  In the middle of the page is a great line-drawing of a
evil-looking cloaked spy in hat and dark glasses, poised with a dagger
and skeleton key at a key-hole equipped computer.  Wish I had a
high-res scanner, Postscript-ized those with fast RIPs could get it in
its full copyright-breaking glory.

@_date: 1994-06-21 14:02:18
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Tracking Mobile Nodes--was Re: (None) 
Wireless communication does *not* require nodes be closely tracked.
Efficiency demands some tracking but the amount of tracking can be
traded off.
I just drove cross-country.  With me were my little hand-held phone
and my Sky Pager.  Lacking battery power (and out of general
principals), I keep the phone off.  The pager, however, was on.  With
this combination I can be in quite good contact with the world yet not
reveal my location if I didn't make any calls.  (Limited money did a
pretty good job of keeping me from making roaming calls.)  Out of
cities the pager coverage is pretty bad--cells have much better
coverage--but the point is that other than my occasional use of phones
(wired and cell) I was a vanished person.  In 1994 I can still buy gas
and new tires with cash and vanish--for a time.
(I am behind in my reading so I might repeat you people with this next
The physical tracking of phone users is not just theoretical if the
stories are true of finding O.J. via his cellular phone usage.  Where
I sit right now (Venice, CA) police helicopters fly over nearly
constantly watching drug gangs or some such.  That is expensive.  A
few gigs of hard disks is cheap, on the otherhand.  The idea of
logging *all* cell phone movement seems to me not at all far-fetched.
I am glad I know enough about phones that before I got caught I could
accomplish at least several calls through the effective call
"remailers" in the system.  (Isn't there a commercial phone anonymity
service?  It had a catchy 800-number, but I forget it.)
P.S.  Yes, I am about to go out and buy the SF Chronicle to read the O.J. article.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-22 10:19:32
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Tracking Mobile Nodes 
Triangulation works great for tracking any transmitter--but it is
expensive.  Cellular systems, by their nature, know which cell you are
in.  Given that they already know, the service provider could log all
movement pretty easily.  A simple matter of programming--programming
which is possibly already done, judging from the Simpson case.
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com
kentborg at aol.com
          Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!
                           ^ note, number that did not increment
                             after the Big Chase.

@_date: 1994-06-28 18:58:00
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: radio program - Los Angeles area only 
Which Way LA was pretty good this afternoon, so good that I went out
and bought a blank cassette tape a few minutes ago.
Assuming no technical glitches or operator error, the tape will start
rolling in a couple minutes.  After that we can see how to let others
hear it.
-kb, the Kent who is being a digital nomad this summer--currently in LA
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 29:45 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-06-29 00:06:49
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: LA Radio Program 
Jim Bidzos is damn impressive.  I heard most of the Which Way LA
program on the rerun as I recorded it.  (I think I got it all--the
tape flip was during Marc Rotenberg's introduction, but we mostly know
who he is--next question, what do I do with the tape?  KCRW-FM sells
tapes, so they might object to free distribution of said recording...)
Bidzos did a wonderful job.  He sounded nice and approachable, the
practical businessman, and the independent American standing up on
principles.  He left no obvious openings for the other side to make
points, it was a great appearance.  (Apparently from an airport
lounge, all the more impressive.)
Don't get me wrong, all the privacy phreaks sounded good (even the
"neutral" member of the press, Steven Levy), it is just that Bidzos
was really in the flow this afternoon.
Generally a very well done program.  To me it seemed obvious which
side came out ahead, yet the other side got such a good opportunity to
clearly make their case that they probably think the same.  (To me the
TLA case is so damming that a clear statement is thrilling.)
-kb, the Kent visiting in Venice, CA
P.S. As a MA resident I wish I had Moakley's correct fax number.
Effector says his House Rules Committee is the next battle in the
Cantwell bill crypto-export war.

@_date: 1994-06-29 11:09:00
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Arguing Crypto: The Engineering Approach 
Who knows how well it plays, but my faxed letter to Moakley on crupto
export took a different approach from my usual privacy tirades.
I tried to (calmly) argue that we need strong cryptography for
fundamental engineering reasons.
Data is so damn flexible.  This is both good and bad.  The bad is that
data can be capricious and flighty.  If our physical world were to
allow objects to appear out of no where and disappear again,
transmorgraphy beyond recognition, or become massively duplicated in
unknown locations, we would find it disconcerting--to say the least.
We would go to considerable lengths to keep physical objects
reassuringly in one place.  In fact, with some physical objects that
often do carpiciously vanish, we go to inconvienient extremes in hopes
we can prevent the vanishing.  Look at some of the anti-theft devices
people will put on their cars.
There are good engineering approaches which can force data to behave
itself.  Many of them involve cryptography.  Our government's
restrictions on crypto limit our ability to build reliable computer
systmems.  We need strong crypto for basic engineering reasons.
Note, my fax to Moakley was phrased (and spelled?) considerably
different from this posting.  I am still wondering how best to make
this argument.  Something I want to avoid is too strong a reliance on
"pulling rank": "We are professionals, we need these tools to do our
jobs, don't try to understand the reasons.".  Just using words like
"engineering" smacks of that enough, let's leave it at that.
One thing I like about this approach is that is avoids the kneejerk
positions the word "privacy" prompts.
-kb, the Kent who tries to sound reasonable
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 29:45 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-05-26 21:30:01
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: ECASH HOLY GRAIL? 
Either that or the power is given to DigiCash.  What is their take?  How
do they make a profit?
Yes, I like the idea of cryptocash, but all the worries that come up
when the government does it come up at least as loud when a private
firm does it.
How *do* they make their money on this?  And what happens when
governments get upset that a private script has cropped up?  (What are
the laws on minting private money?)
Fascinating stuff.
-kb, the Kent who has been lurking here until now
P.S.  Have you people developed any special mailbox filters to help
deal with high-volume lists like this?

@_date: 1994-05-28 15:43:14
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Email Stalking on CNN 
[various things about email stalking, kill files, and whether AOL    has 'em]
No, AOL does not have kill features, but between rebooting their
overloaded computers they are adding new features to their email
Having recently subscribed to both cypherpunks and savoynet, I only
now have my first real need for mail filtering, first in many years of
doing email.
Hey folks, it ain't something my mom is going to figure out any time
soon.  procmail (which several of you very nicely mentioned to
ignorant me, thanks again) has about the worst man page I have ever
seen--imagine hiding the "SEE ALSO" section near the beginning of a
man page?  Now that I have also found the procmailrc man page and have
some examples (thanks pierre) I will soon be shunting you folks into a
different cubby hole from Mikado and leap year discussions.
Related note: when was the last time you successfully explained how to
use PGP to a "normal" ( <- be honest here) person?
The "real world" (which now *does* include email) needs better tools
than this.  If you expect CNN reporters to even know that man pages
exist you are in for a disappointment.
-kb, the money-in-mouth Kent who will donate user interface design
work to c'punk-type efforts to make this stuff easier...
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 24:35 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-05-29 11:08:02
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: (None) 
I suppose your student only knew basic command line navigating, maybe
how to create a directory, fire up emacs, etc.?
Um, that is a pretty far from the mark I had in mind.
Imagine the 'techno-savvy' score of the next person on this earth to
pick up a phone, a person who doesn't know how to dial an
international call.
I want everybody on this earth to have secure crypto (so I can talk to
them), and if the current PGP is as easy as it gets...
-kb, a Kent who can't be trusted, for he likes Macintoshes!
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!

@_date: 1994-05-31 20:37:55
@_author: Kent Borg 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 4 
An important frustration from this electronic age: Information moves
so easily now but people move no more quickly than before.  Changes to
CEB should not be a continuous process.  Changes need to happen slow
enough and in meaningful enoug chunks that someone other than the
author can keep up.  I think this means digests of the changes,
digests which are readable in their own right--not mechanical
diffs--should both detail *and* summarize for those who recently read
the old copy.
Refereing might dove tail nicely with keeping the whole thing stable
enough to be usable.
-kb, a Kent with a thick enough protective coating of ignorance to
avoid most of the work...
Kent Borg                                                  +1 (617) 776-6899
kentborg at world.std.com                                kentborg at aol.com                                                Proud to claim 28:15 hours of TV viewing so far in 1994!
