
@_date: 1997-10-13 16:22:01
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Actually, no, it wasn't.
Perhaps he has no business having a personal key on a company machine. He's a fool if he does, anyway -- if the company wanted to snoop his
key they just go in after hours, install a keyboard sniffer, and grab
his passphrase...the bottom line is, Ray, that if it is on a corporate
machine, the corporation has access, whether the employee thinks so or
not. Unwitting self reference is so delicious :-).

@_date: 1997-10-13 17:30:48
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Isn't it the whole presumption that what Alice is sending is important
company information? That is, that Alice *is* a 'legal beagle' or some
such?  Casual or semi-private email may or may not be allowed, depending on how paranoid or repressive the company, but that isn't the issue, as I see it.  The issue is 'important company email'.

@_date: 1997-10-15 22:46:09
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Technical Description of PGP 5.5 
No, there has been little technical discussion.  Maybe I've missed it, but I haven't seen from Adam a succint writeup of what his design actually is -- most of what he writes is so inflated with steaming anti-GAK rhetoric that it's hard to get a coherent picture.  Perhaps he will take your example to heart, and post a strawman design, and leave the politics to other messages.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this seems to imply that the CMR fields in the key structure are really just a convenience -- if PGP, Inc. didn't write an smtp filter that enforced a CMR key, someone else
(say a firewall vendor) could do so easily, defining whatever relationship between keys they wanted.
To make that a bit stronger, it seems like *any* model that uses persistent encryption keys essentially enables CMR-like functionality in a smtp filter -- it could be done using pgp 2.6.
And therefore, PGP Inc might as well get the business, because if there is demand, someone will.
In the meantime they can work on perfect forward secrecy.
Things aren't that simple.
In any case, in large organizations (corporate or government) one of
the biggest motivations for snooping is prevention of management
embarassment.  It's seriously embarassing, for example, to read in the
paper in the morning that one of your employees has been maintaining a
public ftp porn archive on the company computers....you can fire the
employee, but the damage has been done.  It's a cold fact that some employees are stupid, and others are bad. Snooping is more a result of this fact than it is innate evil on the
part of management. Of course it is nicer to work in a trusting environment, but the problems go both ways.

@_date: 1997-10-16 11:52:29
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: anti-GAK design principles: worked example #1 
Adam, you've tossed out half-baked ideas buried in several thousand
lines of anti-GAK rant.  None of them were thought through in terms of
infrastructure impact.  The idea of reencrypting the data strikes me
as half-baked, as well -- I sit and wonder about the pass-phrase
handling for the transient encryption keys that are changing on a daily or weekly basis -- or is there no pass-phrase -- is the key just stored on disk with no protection
The evidence seems to suggest that the PGP folks agonized pretty heavily over their design.  A stupid attack such as yours is far more likely to cement resistance than it is likely to win cooperation.
Trying real hard...
I suspect there are several other flaws you are now quite aware of...too bad, I hoped you had something.
I work for a large organization, I have a unix workstation, an
xterminal booting off a departmental server, and a Mac in my office. As is typical in large organizations, a system admin team takes care
of all routine administration of my systems.  They all have root, of
course, and routinely do system upgrades and software installs on my
Your solution doesn't seem to fit this environment very well...
Must be a very special boot floppy, of course, otherwise I just subvert the floppy driver, feign forgetting my passphrase, and collect the corporate crown jewels.  Or I hack into somebody else's system and corrupt their key...
It's completely unrealistic.
Unfortunately, for real products you do have to consider these factors. This is great. Key lifetime is a major issue.  Keys are either protected by pass-phrase, or vulnerable.  Think about how you are going to generate new keys every day, or every week...
Think about off-line composition of email -- I have a laptop, download
my mail from the pop server, compose email.  Now I can't store my
friends public keys on my disk, because they expire every day.  So I
have to go to the public keyserver for every correspondent's public
key -- if the keyserver is unaccessible I'm out of luck.  This
radically changes the expected semantics of email.

@_date: 1997-10-16 13:52:00
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: FCPUNX:PGP Key Escrow and Congress 
I don't suppose you are arguing that having multiple small points of failure makes GAK acceptable...
The 'single point of failure' mode is such obviously bad design that
NSA will never go for it -- they aren't dumb.  Consider that if you
have a single master key for all escrowed things (for example): that
single master key will have to be used for *every* wiretap, every FOI
act action, etc.  It will be in constant daily use by many people, and keeping it secure will be, practically speaking, impossible.

@_date: 1997-10-19 00:35:32
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Is PGP still private? 
You keep talking as if your CDR proposal is other than vaporware.  So far as I have seen you don't have a proposal, you have a wish.
It does seem rather unrealistic.  It would essentially involve
replacing the entire email infrastructure, at a significant cost, and
a rather sweeping suite of further laws that restrict the use of
encryption to only PGP, forbid me running sendmail on my linux box,
etc, etc
This implies a law against using any other form of crypto, period.  If such a law is passable the exemption for PGP's protocol will really be immaterial.  That is, Yes, under an extremely draconian regieme, extremely draconian things are possible.
"Tinpotdictatorsville" is not a useful counterexample, because the TPD can mandate anything, including no use of crypto at all.
Implies that *all* other forms of communication have been outlawed.  Completely unrealistic.
Adam, it is a complete and utter waste of time to debate this. What would *not* be a waste of time would be more concrete proposals.  Whether PGP implements something is a separate question -- I would like to get back to the question of designing a better email encryption system.
Your reencryption scheme fails because of the management of the short
term encryption keys, among other things.  Here's another approach I
will toss out, without thinking through:
How about formalizing superencryption, or tunneling? That is, treat
CMR traffic as a transport medium for messages that are themselves
already encrypted.  The "key" idea here is to allow layering of non
CMR traffic over CMR traffic.  All the code for both is obviously
already in PGP, with a little glue and perhaps some minor protocol

@_date: 1997-10-20 01:15:38
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: why we are arguing for more resistant variants (Re: Is PGP still private?) 
Apparently for some internal reason you must raise the point, but it
is irrelevant.  I said your *proposals* were vaporware, not your
motivations.  It is, as I have said, a waste of time (and yes, mental
masturbation) to argue about motivations. [. citations of famous cryptographers and Kent Crispin snipped .]
*Long term* communication keys.  Nobody is going to burn reputation
capital on that point because it's obvious, and really doesn't need to
be argued.  Furthermore the point applies just as well to current PGP
keys.  The *only* additional vulnerabilities of CMR come from 1) the volume of data makes it a more interesting target and 2) the management of the CMR key(s) may be problematic.  However, in a large organization the management of *user* keys is
problematic, as well, and management of the CMR key(s), on balance,
will probably be better.  So the additional vulnerability of CMR comes
from the fact that it makes a lot of data accessible from one key. This vulnerability could be reduced by having multiple CMR keys -- the
accounting dept has one, the CEO has one, and it is the same as his
private key that is not escrowed anywhere, etc etc etc.
[Is it true that the private key associated with a CMR public key could simply be discarded, rather than escrowed, and everything would still work? -- except that you couldn't recover anything, of course...]
A more interesting argument is as follows: what is the real level of
security needed for the business communications that will be covered
by CMR? It seems obvious that the level of security required, on
average, is really quite low.  Note that businesses send all kinds of
important documents through regular mail, only protected *gasp* by
PAPER ENVELOPES. Anyway, Adam, I anxiously await the paper you are working on that gives the real details of your proposals.  I'm sure it's readability will be vastly improved if you religiously avoid the use of the word GAK :-)

@_date: 1997-10-20 14:55:37
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: why we are arguing for more resistant variants 
Good.  We agree, and can therefore move on.
History.  Backward compatibility.  Time pressures.  And a design for
short term communication keys for email does not yet exist -- not from
you, not from anyone.  [Your CDR proposal uses *long term*
communication keys.]
These seem pretty compelling reasons to me. Just because something is desirable doesn't mean it is practical, or even possible.  I did not because you presented it as a throwaway, with statements to
the effect that you already knew it was defective but you were
presenting it anyway.  Besides, in all honesty I did not find your
counterarguments very compelling, and I was content to wait until I saw a "real" proposal.  If I have a chance, though, I will go back and address that...
BTW, perhaps you remember a fairly long thread sometime back where I discussed the pros and cons of a "keysafe" model for data recovery keys? I include both of those under my number 1.
                        ^^^^^^^^^frequently?
?I don't see the connection.  My point was that you can generate a key
pair, throw away the private key, and use the public key as the CMR
key.  Perhaps you could just use random bits in the correct format for
the public key, and never generate a key pair at all.  This would meet
external requirement of having a CMR key, but it would be meaningless,
since the missing private key could never be used to decrypt anything. Thus, though externally an organization (say an ISP) would be
complying with a regulation, in fact it would be impossible to recover any email anyway...
In any case, I presume the "danger" you refer to is the danger that someone will snarf the CMR key.  Changing it frequently will reduce the number of compromised messages if any given key is compromised.  (Of course, the CMR keys will have to be preserved forever in a little database of some sort -- if you change them often, that database will be large...)
It is the MUA that uses PGP (Eudora, Mutt, whatever) that decides how
to store the decrypted files, not PGP.  PGP decrypts the files and
gives them to the MUA, which displays them to the user.  The MUA has
the option of storing it encrypted or not, as delivered, or with another key.  PGP isn't in control, it's the MUA, isn't it?
Whatever.  It does strike me that you seem to have difficulty in
maintaining composure whenever the term comes up, your prose gets
hasty, with missing words and odd syntax, and I suspect that your
usually razor-sharp edge suffers as well....  :-)

@_date: 1997-10-20 15:19:31
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Is PGP still private? 
My impression from a talk by ???, perhaps at the San Jose IETF, is
that the new version of PGP is actually coded to facilitate this kind
of interaction internally -- that is, it is designed around a general
interface philosophy of connecting filter modules via a stream
abstraction. I think it would be a relatively straightforward, fun project to
develop a simple scripting language that could specify this.  Not knowing that much, I toss this out just to give the flavor of something that could be in a .pgprc file:
message-to:private_joe at bigco.com
message-to:joe at bigco.com
message-from:joe at bigco.com
Definitely not for version 1 of the standard.

@_date: 1997-10-23 09:00:09
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: puff pieces vs tough crypto issues (Re: Singapore TOILET ALERT) 
In that case, it is completely inaccurate to call PGP5.5 an existence proof.  In any case, the Blaze et al paper explicitely acknowledges that there is a "business case" for corporate level key recovery, and clearly distinguishes the LEA infrastructure model from more limited cases. They could wave around TIS's products (designed by noted cypherpunk
Carl Ellison, I believe), or NorTel's Entrust, just as well.  Hell, in
a few months they may be able to wave around Adam Backs CDR product,
which also facilitates GAK -- access to communications is worse than
access to data, by some measure, but the LEA's will certainly be
grateful to Adam for his legitimization of Key Escrow...

@_date: 1997-10-23 09:04:19
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
Alienate some, for sure.  It doesn't really matter, though. Cypherpunks and hackers don't have a monopoly on intelligence -- there
are plenty of people who will hack crypto for food. PGP can't make a go of it on free software, and they can't live forever on investor financing. Eh?  GAK,  GAKWare, Big Brother Inside, Four Horsemen of the Infoclypse, etc, etc,etc
Sloganeering and histrionics are the very lifeblood of this list.  It would die in days if it were limited to rational discussion...
And of course, sloganeering and histrionics are just as prevalent in the crypto debates in DC.
Nobody denies that your boss has the right to control his equipment
and software as he sees fit, and everybody debating on these lists
agrees that the government does not need access. It is also incontrovertable that PGP's CMR implementation is a
response to real demand.
It may be less obvious, but despite what PGP claims, a significant
fraction of this demand is for the ability to SNOOP, and not just data
recovery.  *All* the debate on this list implicitly takes the employee's side, not the management's side, and that is a serious lack.  The unpleasant fact is that managers NEED TO BE ABLE TO SNOOP.  It is terrible to work for an employer who will snoop, but it is just as terrible to have dishonest employees.  It doesn't take a genius to realize that the existence of dishonest employees is a
primary motive for management snooping.
Clearly, there are some organizations for which this is more important
than others -- financial services companies are only the most obvious
example.

@_date: 1997-10-24 22:39:47
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: PGP Employee on MKR 
Gee, Mark, I thought it was the SMTP filter that did the enforcing.  Maybe if PGP didn't call it "CMR" but instead called it something neutral like the "key link field".
Let's see, your scenario involves putting super sniffers at strategic
positions throughout the net, and passing laws that not only supports
this, but makes it illegal to go around them.  I suggest that if such
laws are passed PGP's software is the least of your problems.
To make it plain, Mark, I "explain it away" this way:  fundametally, your scenario assumes what it is trying to prove -- you assume that incredibly draconian laws are in place, and then you use that assumption to prove that incredibly draconian laws are in place.  This is known as "circular reasoning" -- perhaps you've heard of it?

@_date: 1997-10-24 23:54:20
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: PGP Employee on MKR 
Probabilty: 0% Next argument:
Words fail me.  This is completely idiotic.

@_date: 1997-10-25 14:10:13
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Saving money 
[Standard "born on third and thinks he hit a home run" rant deleted]
This was such a pathetic self serving self paradoy on Tim's part that
I had to check the headers for "sympatico". How about having an IQ of 85? Substantial fraction of the population,
after all... Oh -- I forgot -- broken eggs and all that...

@_date: 1997-10-25 15:32:35
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
Jon's statement and my statement are consistent, if you look a little more closely.
In my early days on the list I spent a great deal of effort arguing
exactly this point, perhaps even with you.  Perhaps you recall my
discussions of the "key-safe" model.  (I suppose we could check the
archives...) At that time, however, my proposal was branded as key
escrow and hence evil, and the STANDARD REPLY WAS THAT IT WOULD BE
FAR, FAR BETTER TO JUST ENCRYPT TO A COMPANY KEY AS WELL AS THE
PRIVATE KEY.  *You* may even have made such arguments. Now that PGP has actually gone and implemented exactly what some
months ago was the preferred alternative, the jack-rabbit meme-ridden
collective cypherpunk semiconciousness awakens from its hazy stupor
and says "Huh! GAK!", and parades Key Escrow as a safer solution.
So, for sure, either the thinking those months ago was shallow, or the
thinking now is shallow.  The third alternative, that the thinking has
remained at a constant level, is interesting to contemplate.
Yes, I did mention the matters of history, backward compatibility, and expedience under tight schedules as important factors.
I don't remember saying that, but the point is obvious, anyway.  The
argument that leaking company secrets is the primary concern is
fallacious for exactly the reason you mention -- there are a thousand
ways to leak data out. There are other, more realistic concerns.  Is the employee exchanging
encoded gif images with his friends? Is the employee telling the truth
about an exchange with a customer? Is the employee spending all his
time reading mailing lists devoted to home-brew-beer, and other
hobbies? Is the employee distributing porno images from an ftp site on
a company computer? Is the employee running a consulting business on
the company computers?  For investigating any such suspicions, snooping incoming mail would be just as valuable as snooping outgoing mail. BTW: You may laugh -- But I have seen real-life instances of each of
these examples.
I reckon local key escrow is better, myself.  But be real for a
moment, Adam.  If they had designed a system with "local key escrow"
they would have been crucified by the butterfly brains on cypherpunks
far more intently than they are being lambasted for CMR.  The very
phrase "KEY ESCROW IN PGP" would have turned the cypherpunk group mind
into quivering jelly. It doesn't matter what they are saying, really.  They designed something with a set of constraints, one of which was the meme of antipathy to anything that could be termed "key escrow".  I understand what Lucky meant when he said that PGP had pulled the
greatest hack ever on corporate America.  It's so good that you have
to conceal your mirth, for fear of screwing it up...

@_date: 1997-10-26 15:41:01
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Orthogonality and Disaster Recovery (fwd) 
I can't believe that you haven't studied vector spaces, Jim.  In that particular niche of mathematics, the meaning you quote is precisely the meaning of 'orthogonal'.  Vector algebra underlies a very large part of mathematics, and modern physics would not exist without it.

@_date: 1997-10-26 16:40:33
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Orthogonality and Disaster Recovery 
You are missing the less well-documented, but equally classic function
of key management, which is a part of any useful crypto system.  The
key management part of it *could* exist as a separate program from the
encryption/decryption part, but they are *far* more closely tied than
word processing and accounting, and what you would have is a crypto
*system*, composed of several relatively tightly coupled programs that
share complex data formats.  Such a crypto system would be quite
useful, and would allow the construction of all kinds of other
products by using scripting languages.  However, the ergonomics of
such a crypto system would not be appropriate for the average point
and click MacWindows Moron. I think you are quite off base here.  There is very little additional functionality added by CMR; and the enforcement *is* done by a separate program.
Nice try, but the bloat, if any, comes from the gui and other stuff, not the crypto functionality.  PGP 5.x, from a user interface point of view, is much simpler than previous versions -- it integrates very cleanly and unobtrusively with the system on the MacWindows platform.
Are you nuts?  Of course PGP, Inc, should be worrying about this kind of stuff.  They *need* new products to survive.
Fine -- you use your personal solution.  PGP, Inc is trying to provide solutions that work in an organizational setting, where forgotten passwords are a constant fact of life, and where the security issues are vastly different from your situation.
If they want to survive as a company, it is.
Just precisely what is their core business, Tim -- supplying freeware to Cypherpunks?
"If it is claimed..."? Of course it is claimed -- it's a fact.  And
yes, there is a major educational battle -- ivory tower cypherpunks
have to educate themselves about the nature of the world.  You
believe, apparently, that large organizations contemplating crypto are
just misguided or duped by evil governments into doing the devil's
work.  Until you actually grok what is going on you will never be all that effective in dealing with it.

@_date: 1997-10-27 08:44:05
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Orthogonal 
Sorry I misread your prior post.
The first context where I am aware of this use of the term orthogonal
is from language design -- it was promoted by Niklaus Wirth and other
purists, with languages like Pascal, Modula, CLU, and so on.  Larry
Wall's "perl" language, with its slogan "there's more than one way to
do it", is a direct revolt against the language purists.
The basic idea is that a computer language should have the minimum
number of constructs necessary to span the intended application.  So
for example, you don't provide hyperbolic trig functions, because the
user can implement them using simpler math functions.  On the other
hand, you do supply commonly used math functions that would otherwise
require iterative algorithms.
I do believe the use of the term this way was inspired by the notion of a 'basis' in a vector space -- a set of orthogonal
vectors that span the space, ideally, unit vectors.

@_date: 1997-10-27 11:22:25
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Orthogonal (fwd) 
This is basic linear algebra:
V a vector space -- the set of all (s1,s2,s3,...,sn), where si is an
element of the set of reals.  A set of vectors {v1,v2,...,vm} in V is
linearly independent if there is no set of scalars {c1,c2,...,cm} with
at least one non-zero element such that sum(ci*vi) == 0.  A set of
vectors S spans a vector space V iff every element of V can be expressed
as a linear combination of the elements of S.   Finally, a basis for V is a linearly independent set of vectors in V that spans V.  A space is finite dimensioned if it has a finite set for a basis.  The standard basis (or natural basis) for a vector space of dimension n is th set of vectors

@_date: 1997-10-27 22:51:14
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Technical Description of PGP 5.5 
Actually, it's snooping of messages in transit on a network OWNED BY THE COMPANY.
Given the frequency of "I've forgotten my password" incidents at
company help desks, widespread use of cryptography would cause this to
become *the* prime cause of lost data.  As has been pointed out, email is actually very reliable.  Hard disks are very reliable, tapes are very reliable.  Loss of data through these media has become very rare, and with intelligent practice, non-existent for all practical purposes. This is a bad argument for you to use.  From a privacy perspective,
didn't people send all kinds of very private stuff on *paper* and
through *mailboxes* just a few short years ago?  How did they survive without strong encryption?!  "Geez.  Let's get real here."
The physical mail analogy to PGP's implementation of CMR is as follows:  Company policy is that it does not accept private pmail for individuals.  All mail for individuals must be addressed
XYZ Company
attn: Indi Vidual
Mail addressed like this:
Indi Vidual
will be returned, because the company doesn't accept private mail.  Company mail is to be used for company business.  You don't receive Playboy at work, you receive it at home.

@_date: 1997-10-27 23:15:10
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: CMR versus GAK? 
Implicit you make the notion there is no merit.  But experience is a harsh mistress -- employees do steal.  This is not fiction, but fact.
People change.  Usually, they learn.  Sometimes they burn.

@_date: 1997-10-28 00:57:20
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: Orthogonal (fwd) 
That's true.  You asked for a better definition of "basis".  I was trying to do that without writing a textbook, though.
No.  A *set* of vectors.  And I presumed you already knew what a
vector was, and a slight reminder would be all that was necessary.. if you aren't at least somewhat familiar with the ideas of sets and
vectors, it would be somewhat difficult for you to follow the rest of what I wrote, I grant.
Yes, though you have to understand that "0" is the zero *vector*  -- the sum of vectors is always another vector.
I was defining "linear independence", a basic concept needed to understand the notion of a basis.
Nope.  It may be the zero vector vs zero scalar confusion.  Consider
the two linerarly *dependent* vectors in 2-space: (1,0), (2,0), and
the set {2,-1} of non-zero scalars: 2*(1,0) + -1*(2,0) = (0,0). Contrast with the two linearly *independent* vectors (1,0), (0,2).  There is *no* set of scalars {c1,c2}, with at least 1 of ci != 0, such that c1*(1,0) + c2*(0,2) == (0,0).  This is obvious:
c1*(1,0) + c2*(0,2) = (c1,2*c2), which obviously cannot be (0,0) if either c1 or c2 is non-zero.
If you like.  I am defining the word "span", however, because that is the common terminology.
Sorry.  I really thought the notion of a "linear combination" would be
common knowledge.  You can check your dictionary.
No, in fact it's not.  There is nothing original in the definition -- I'm just parroting what I learned 20 years ago.
That's not what I said, though.
Oh Jeez.  Vectors.  Note that the last sentence defines "finite dimensioned", not "basis".
I paraphrased material from "Calculus of Vector Functions", 3rd
edition, by Williamson, Crowell, and Trotter and "Linear Algebra", by
Hoffman and Kunze.  These are both really old texts, but any book on
linear algebra will cover the same material.
Nope.  The definition is "a basis for V is a linearly independent set
of vectors in V that spans V." I defined "linearly independent" and
"span" without using the word "basis", or even the idea of a "basis".  It is not a circular definition.
At this point, it is clear that I should simply refer you to an
elementary linear algebra text.  I will just repeat that, for those
that are familiar with linear algebra, the analogical use of "orthogonal"
in language design is pretty intuitive.  If you don't have the
background you may not have the intuition, and discussion on this list
probably isn't the best way to build it.

@_date: 1997-10-29 15:53:52
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: CMR versus GAK? 
Requiring encryption is a win, of course.  However, requiring encryption increases the value of CMR, because you have more opportunity for important records to be lost.  Especially as legally binding digital signatures become common -- you could have an actual contract, worth large sums of money, lost forever because someone forgot their passphrase.
My wife works for an "investment banking boutique" and my freedom to
invest is pretty tightly constrained.  I have first-hand experience
with the controls involving insider trading, and I have a fair
familiarity with the business practices there.  IMO you have it
exactly backward: the CMR model fits extremely well with the type of
controls I am familiar with.  Indeed it is true that there is
extensive record-keeping and auditing -- highly secure record-keeping;
secured conference rooms, careful procedures controlling who has what
information, etc.  CMR would fit right in as a valued addition, not a useless redundancy.

@_date: 1997-10-29 23:39:32
@_author: Kent Crispin 
@_subject: [cpe:3185] Re: rescue Mrs Allen from the Feds 
The 100 citizens would probably be shot by Mrs Allen.
