
@_date: 2000-12-21 10:36:54
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: An "A" to "Z" G U N   R E F R E S H E R   C O U R S E 
An "A" to "Z" G U N   R E F R E S H E R   C O U R S E
a. An armed man is a citizen. An unarmed man is a subject.
 b. A gun in the hand is better than a cop on the phone.
 c. Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
 d. Gun control is not about guns; it's about control.
 e. If guns are outlawed, can we use swords?
 f. If guns cause crime, then pencils cause misspelled words.
 g. Free men do not ask permission to bear arms.
 h. If you don't know your rights, you don't have any.
 i. Those who trade liberty for security have neither.
 j. The United States Constitution (c)1791. All Rights Reserved.
 k. What part of "shall not be infringed" do you not understand.
 l. The Second Amendment is in place in case they ignore the others.
 m. 64,999,987 firearm owners killed no one yesterday.
 n. Guns only have two enemies: Rust and Politicians.
 o. Know guns, Know peace and safety. No guns, no peace nor safety.
 p. You don't shoot to kill; You shoot to stay alive.
 q. 911 - government sponsored Dial a Prayer.
 r. Assault is a behavior, not a device.
 s. Criminals love gun control - it makes their jobs safer.
 t. If Guns cause Crime, then Matches cause Arson.
u. Only a government that is afraid of it's citizens tries to control
    them.
v. You have only the rights you are willing to fight for.
 w. Enforce the "gun control laws" in place, don't make more.
 x. When you remove the people's right to bear arms, you create slaves.
 y. The American Revolution would never have happened with Gun Control.
 z. "....a government by the people, for the people....."
 PLEASE PASS THIS 'REFRESHER' TO -10- FREE CITIZENS.

@_date: 2000-09-04 11:35:36
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: "..do not count on the anonymity of the Internet to serve as a shield for your illegal conduct" 
one thing -- do not count on the anonymity of the Internet to serve as a shield for your illegal conduct. As technology advances, so do our investigative techniques and our abilities to protect the public."
Quite true.  However, any well informed LE-type will tell you only amateurs are likely to be caught.  I dare say if we select one of this list's more informed members, say Black Unicorn, and assume he intended to engage in a similar exploit as this fellow from Bloomberg.  I would find it highly unlikely that BU would ever be apprehended for the deed (assuming he didn't

@_date: 2000-09-04 22:20:00
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
for our Italian friend who is insulted that we don't write enough about Italy) not to want to test the limits of the law: adhocracies like ambiguity.
on this issue?
to tell where evidence is located. He cannot be compelled to testify against himself. Although this list is mainly focused on the social implications of crypto and privacy.  It has also been a frequent forum for libertarian ideals: like smaller government.  There can be no greater lever to reduce the size of government than "...to cut off its oxygen," that is revenue.  One of the better examples of the intersection of the Fifth Amendment and taxes involves W4 and 1040 U.S. federal tax forms.  For many years legislators have publicly maintained that we have a nation of voluntary tax compliance.  (Yet woe onto those who decide not to volunteer.)  Widely accepted federal court rulings consider statements on these tax forms as testimony (not evidence) in a court of law.  Since under our Constitution one cannot be compelled to testify against himself it seems reasonable that one cannot be compelled to submit to endorsing either form.  Only one case I know of (Conklin vs. U.S.) has been adjudicated on this issue.  Conklin won but the case.  The federal court ruled that submission of tax forms was voluntary, but the ruling was suppressed by a legal procedure which allow courts to selectively deny its citing in subsequent cases.  Adhocracies like ambiguity
Napster has tapped into a broad reservoir of resentment and resistance to paying too much for music.  I believe all U.S. libertarians on the list should be considering how a high profile test case of the constitutionality of the U.S. federal tax system might tap into a similar disdain for taxation and achieve substantially more constraint of government encroachment on civil liberties than our valiant crypto coding efforts.

@_date: 2000-09-20 20:58:48
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re; cover your glass 
I'd be willing to be that placing a semi-reflective glass wedge in the optical path ahead of the scope's front lens would defeat such laser detection systems.  Any incoming light not reflected off the wedge's front surface (and perhaps trapped in an adjoining baffle) would almost surely be reflected off the wedge's other front surface denying the laser's operator enough of a return signal to work with.
That the lasers are probably working in the IR (so as not to be easily detectable by the snipper) makes the wedge even easier to use as it needn't appreciably reduce the visible component most useful to the sniper.
Old news:
See below
---------- Reply to ----------
Reply-to: lcs Mixmaster Remailer Re: acoustic shooter detection systems in LA
Just FYI: Some time ago I read of the development of sniper-detection systems which looked for
reflections off the 'scope glass.  This probably isn't ready for prime time,
being in development maybe a year ago,
and isn't mentioned in the article,
so you're probably safe taking your time, sighting in.
Here in my stack of oddball periodicals I have a copy of the July/August 1998 issue of Revue Aerospatiale
A french aerospace journal, wherein we have an article
Hard-Hitting Watchdogs
The best way to dissuade snipers is to deprive them of their impunity by ensureing they know that their exact location has been pinpointed. CILAS demonstrated this at Eurosatory with its directed-optics
laser detector- the first production unit intended ultimately for delivery to the French army. This ground-breaking technology can be expected to bring other developments in its wake. It goes on;
Quietly, free from media hype, things (this is in ref to background on why snipers are bad) have suddenly changed since a prototype of the SLD400 was received by the French armed forces. Behind this mundane designation lurks a device capable of detecting,
 locating and indentifying the optics with which snipers are equipped. The scope of application of the SLD400 is much wider and can include the protection of VIPs and pinpointing sharpshooters of the binoculars of terrorists preparing criminal acts. (it actually says that)
The article goes on to describe building databases of specific optical device signature and such. So that they not only know that you are there, they also know what you have deployed to better asses threat level and so on. Assume they know, always. IMPORTANT NOTICE:  If you are not using HushMail, this message could have read easily by the many people who have access to your open personal email Get your FREE, totally secure email address at

@_date: 2001-08-12 18:50:06
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: No subject 
Michael Rubin's August 9th piece, "Indict Saddam," did not address two key questions upon which international criminal courts rest: are they founded on a universally recognized basis, and are their processes being uniformly applied?
Fundamental questions have been raised regarding the legal and moral foundation of ad hoc judicial forums, such the War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague and Rwandan tribunals.  Both were created by the U.N. Security Council though its charter mentions no such authority.  Isn't this little more than mob justice carried out by nation states?  Come to think of it isn't the purpose of all murder trials "civilized Vengeance" (small c, big V)?
The espoused purpose of these courts is to enforce "norms of justice in the international community."  But who constitutes that community and what are those norms?  The truth is justice like beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  Historically, the notion of what is just has varied considerably and often based on economics and religion.  Modern western justice tends to ignore these factors and so sets the stage, indirectly, for a trial of cultures.  Even within the west these norms seem to be rapidly changing.  Can or should such norms be used a basis for international law?
Uniform Application
Like the Nuremberg trials before them, these tribunals appear ripe with application of ex post facto "laws" and inattention to technicalities.  They often bear little resemblance to the laws and their application within the major U.N. member states.  The states have no great interest in either bringing a consistent moral basis to their foreign and domestic policies or establishing strong extra-national courts which could conceivably bring national leaders to account their actions.  All potential violators must be investigated with equal vigilance and judged according to a uniform standard or none should be.  Serious charges have been leveled against Henry Kissenger yet no criminal indictments have been brought or even discussed by the tribunals.  Unless these courts are held by world citizens to the motto "Equal Justice Under Law" carved on our Supreme Court building then no courts should be convened.  Current procedures brand the courts as a propaganda puppet show merely using forms of justice to carry out a predetermined policy.
Despite frequent evidence that economics trump justice, national governments continue the charade of representing all the interests of their citizens.  Mohammed Douri, Iraq's U.N. ambassador's quote in the article put it cynically and succinctly, "Politics is about interests. Politics is not about morals."  I believe Mohammed is right.  That these courts aren't better is because, like most governmental services, they have no need: there is no viable alternative.
If one accepts the American Constitutional notion that all rights are originally vested in the sovereign individual and that competition is usually the best path to maximizing quality of a service, then a clear path extends to a market based solution.  Effective private justice may not provide a fairer outcome but it will offer an alternative which will challenge the current tribunals and their masters to either abandon pretexts that they are impartial, abandon the tribunals altogether or improve them.
Any attempt to establish a private global (as opposed to international, as in between nations) justice system are likely to be met with harsh responses by the major nation states.  They don't want the competition and some of their current or former leaders and their lieutenants could be the first facing indictments.  So, anonymity of supporters is a prerequisite.
The Internet has shown us that it can be an effective medium for annealing those with out of the mainstream political views into formidable groups whilst offering effective privacy. Money often buys justice.  So, a means for moralists to anonymously fund their interests is needed.  Fortunately, a number of effective and popular electronic currencies (e.g., e-gold) with adequate privacy features exist.
Every successful social movement requires leadership.  Hopefully someone of great character and stature will step forward or emerge and take the reins to either bring all to account for their war crime actions (by whatever means necessary) or thwart (by whatever means necessary) the ability of the U.N. tribunals to operate from their baseless pedestal. Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-08-18 15:12:38
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FBI Tries to Set Up Brian K. West 
Will someone publish the home address of the prosecuting attorney and judge issuing the warrant?
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-08-19 22:21:53
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FBI Tries to Set Up Brian K. West 
An exercise left to the eventual poster.
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-08-19 22:34:23
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FBI Tries to Set Up Brian K. West 
Only if identified and then only if you are U.S. property.  I wonder how many of those on this list, who profess competence in such matters and agreement with the principle, would be willing to put their skills to the test and able to succeed.
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-08-21 22:45:32
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Arresting Henry Kissinger 
I don't think any of the discussion, with one possible
exception, has involved any law of the US.  As to other
laws, most importantly the international body thereof,
there is a respectable--note I do not say persuasive,
as I don't have enough facts--that Kissinger as a
"subordinate" was carrying out the policy of the state and, as such an actor, may be clothed with sovereign immunity.  one that gets very deep very fast.  It's also one of
those areas where the law is about as far divorced from
common morality and decency as it ever gets.  A "subordinate" carrying out the policy of the state may still be held responsible if their orders or actions were "manifestly illegal (mealy mouth words to be taken to mean whatever they wish)."  Of course, this begs the question was Kissinger following any direct/explicit orders regarding what transpired in Chile or did take the details of carrying out the matter on himself thus offering the Pres plausible deniability.
Journal of Conflict and Security Law
Volume 6, Issue 1: June 2001.
The Boundaries of Liability In International Criminal Law, or `Selectivity
by Stealth'
Robert Cryer.
3.1 Superior Orders
The issue of superior orders has traditionally been a dif ?cult one, although to read the Nuremberg IMT Charter on the matter,those thinking it to be simple could be forgiven.The Nuremberg IMT Charter simply provides:[t ]he fact that the defendant acted pursuant to order of his government or of a superior shall not free him from responsibility,but may be considered in mitigation of punishment if the Tribunal determines that justice so requires.
Still, both Control Council Law 10 and the Nuremberg Principles  asserted the
view that superior orders were not a defence (Principle IV). This is possibly theNuremberg Principle around which most controversy has centred.A major  reason for this has been the relatively low uptake for this position in national laws. This need not be fatal to the claim that the Nuremberg provision represents the law,but the position is weakened by the presence of contrary practice.This contrary practice began in the Nuremberg subsequent proceedings , in which US tribunals,in the Einsatzgruppen and High Command cases,seemed to use the manifest illegality test,as did certain other judgments in the direct post-war period. Expressions of that test have continued in various cases up to the present day, although the defence has been generally rejected, on the facts at least. In the sphere of international legislation, suggestions were made to include provisions relating to superior orders. All were rejected as they did not gather enough support. The ILC has wavered on the!
 total exclusion of the defence, and academic opinion has been split. The schism is between those asserting the manifest illegality test, and those adopting the position that superior orders are never a defence per se, but may be a relevant factor for other defences, such as duress. In practice, the difference may not be particularly important, as the orders in cases coming to trial will probably be considered manifestly illegal. That does not mean it will never be so, particularly in matters such as targeting,where the application of the rule to the facts may be dif?cult.B y the early 1990s, the simple fact was that either position could be asserted and receive a fair level of support.
Opposition came from another group led by the US,who clung to the manifest
illegality test,as the position,lex lata .79 The result was a compromise,and not
comfortable one.
Article 33 reads:
1.The fact that a crime within the jurisdiction of the Court has been
committed by a person pursuant to an order of a government or of superior,whether military or civilian,shall not relieve that person of
criminal responsibility unless:
(a)That person was under a legal obligation to obey orders of the
Government or the superior in question;
(b)The person did not know that the order was unlawful;and
(c)The order was not manifestly unlawful.
2.For the purposes of this article,orders to commit genocide or crimes
against humanity are manifestly unlawful.
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-08-30 10:48:21
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 696 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-12-04 23:46:41
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
Indeed.  See My ideas were more along the mono-propellent direction using hydrogen peroxide or N-Propyl Nitrate decomposed on a silver/nickel catalyst bed.

@_date: 2001-12-16 20:36:54
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: No subject 
current detainees.  They will be convicted of bullshit, like transposing
two digits of their social security numbers, or failing to report they
were unemployed on a savings account application.  They won't be able to
defend themselves on terrorism charges, because they won't be on trial for
likes about the person being a terrorist, with no opposing point of view
able to be presented, and the 30 year sentences will be rolled out.
That's why a functional AP system and widespread publication of the personal information of justice and LE employees is essential.
For who may have transgressed and fear that late nite no-knock its essential to supply these unwanted visitors with a one way ticket to the happy hunting grounds.  Claymores and far IR trip sensors are soooo good.  If you're 'gona do time you might as well do THE crime!

@_date: 2001-12-29 15:13:15
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Fun with bleach and nail polish remover 
your local hospital chemist. 30% will never be sold to someone for their hair so don't try that story, so spin a story that the
Peroxide is to clean a wound as it is a great disinfectant (diluted of course).
If you have trouble finding concentrated H2O2 you can distill your own from dilute sources.

@_date: 2001-12-29 15:38:43
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Violating the Constitution with Impunity 
A recent speech by former FCC Commissioner Harold Furchtgott-Roth is rather refreshing. A key quote.
"Today, when the federal government violates the constitution including the First Amendment, we mostly find silence from the media."
There is little doubt that much that we have taken for granted in the United States has changed in the past two months.  Our feeling of security, our confidence in the safety of public facilities, and our general sense of well-being have all been shaken. The poignant question is raised about whether the First Amendment—particularly the speech provision--has changed, or perhaps whether the government’s interpretation of it has changed.  I have some good news.  The words of the First Amendment are the same today as they were two months ago, or two years ago, or two decades ago, or two centuries ago. But I also have some bad news.  The First Amendment has been violated many times in the past two centuries.  As Floyd Abrams noted earlier this morning, many of our greatest national leaders have taken great liberties in curtailing the First Amendment, particularly in times of crisis.  And it is not just our great leaders, and it is not only in times of crisis, that the First Amendment has been violated.  The constitution itself, and the First Amendment in particular, are violated frequently. Moreover, those who violate the constitution are rarely held accountable.  Public servants largely have immunity for liability in their performance of their public functions.  But, when it comes to the constitution, that immunity often turns into impunity, a veritable license to violate at will.  Aside from occasional public disapprobation, there is no penalty for violating the Constitution generally or the First Amendment in particular.

@_date: 2001-02-05 23:32:45
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: anonymity 
doubtful.  they probably receive the email at the destination then alert chain-of-jurisdiction for investigation. count me as a technical skeptic an 'untargeted' echelon program.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Mac Norton
Sent: Monday, February 05, 2001 5:12 PM
Intercepted by the CIA?  Do they regularly pre-screen POTUS's
incoming international e-mail, or what?
analysis.  Since chain of evidence is useless for ZKS messages (if you believe ZKS) only TA could finger the sender.  Any takers?

@_date: 2001-02-09 20:21:56
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
The document "Enquiry: The Killing Years in Ireland" has been published on Mojo Nation.  It can be accessed by searching for the title in the "Web Site" content type or by either of the following links:
  or

@_date: 2001-07-01 20:00:59
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Banned Research and Raids on "Secret Labs" 
are used to harass and slow down researchers and other politically incorrect persons. The language is telling: "send a message," "signal our unhappiness,
" "order a timeout," "a shot across the bow," etc.  These raids and subpoenas and "visits" are designed to intimidate in an extra-constitutional way. The Founders would see this as another case of the King's Men throwing their weight around.
An eqally chilling response would be for a few terminally ill anarchists to wire up their home with explosives, announce they too intend to conduct human cloning experiments and wait for the no-know at the door.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-07-02 20:52:04
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
This might be a good activity to introduce anonymous betting pools.  Non-
lethal, not too controversial and close enough to home to matter.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-07-16 23:08:26
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Sony, Warner Agree on Standard Aimed at Protecting Digital 
July 17, 2001
Tech Center
Sony, Warner Agree on Standard
Aimed at Protecting Digital Content
By ANNA WILDE MATHEWS Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
Two big Hollywood studios reached agreements to back technology that protects digital content as it moves between home devices such as set-top boxes, computers and televisions.
The accords, expected to be announced Tuesday, represent an early step toward the future of digital home-entertainment networks, in which consumers could make digital copies of programs and view them on several different devices. The agreements involve Sony Corp.'s Sony Pictures Entertainment and AOL Time Warner Inc.'s Warner Bros. studio. They reached the licensing agreements with the Digital Transmission Licensing Administrator, an alliance of five big manufacturers that is widely referred to as the 5C group: Intel Corp.,
 Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Toshiba Corp., Sony and Hitachi Ltd.
The new agreements will one day allow consumers to make digital recordings of some content produced by the Sony and Warner Bros. studios, using their computers or digital video recorders. But the agreements fall far short of an industry consensus, as major entertainment giants such as Walt Disney Co. and Vivendi Universal SA have yet to endorse the standard. The biggest stumbling block is the security of free broadcast programming that is received through TV antennas.
Negotiations over the issue have gone on for years. Consumer-products makers want to sell digital devices that will connect with each other in home networks,
 including digital video recorders. For their part, entertainment companies are worried about consumers making perfect, unauthorized digital copies of their most valuable programs, and zapping them around the world free of charge.
More than 50 companies have already licensed the security technology, including makers of set-top cable boxes and consumer-electronics products. But Sony and Warner are the first major Hollywood studios to sign on. Entertainment companies won't let their movies and shows be used in the new home digital networks until they are satisfied with how they will be protected.
Under the deals reached between the two studios and the electronics giants,
 certain instructions and restrictions could be embedded in digital content such as movies. The agreements essentially set up several classes of protection,
 according to people familiar with them.
The most protected class includes pay-per-view movies, which the entertainment companies would be able to prevent consumers from copying without permission. Consumers would be able to record portions of pay-per-view movies, however.
The second category includes pay-TV cable programming such as that available on ESPN and HBO. For that, consumers would be able to make a limited number of "first generation" digital copies. But entertainment companies could prevent consumers from duplicating those copies.
The question of how to protect content that comes from over-the-air broadcasters is tricky. If consumers receive such broadcasts via cable set-top boxes or satellite dishes, the security technology will allow them to make several digital copies of programs, though consumers could be blocked from retransmitting that content over the Internet.
But the new security technology is essentially powerless to stop consumers from copying and retransmitting such broadcasts if they receive them via antenna. In congressional testimony earlier this year, a Warner official told lawmakers that "today's technology can do little that is meaningful to actually prevent signals received over the air from appearing on the Internet. But we do not want to delay the rollout of other types of protectable digital TV until an as-yet-undeveloped solution comes into being." Nonetheless,
 Disney and other studios -- some of which own broadcast networks -- are holding out for something that would better protect programming that is broadcast over the air.
Write to Anna Wilde Mathews at anna.mathews at wsj.com1
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-07-29 00:57:02
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: U.K. anti-terrorism law imperils hackers, privacy, property 
.
   .
   .
   Unfortunately, the reporter never mentioned some of the more
   disturbing aspects of the law.
   It allows police to randomly stop people on streets, who are then
   required to give their names (so much for anonymity) or go to prison.
   Cops can seize any cash that they believe "is intended to be used for
   the purposes of terrorism," with no court authorization required. Gone
   is the traditional burden of proof: Judges are required to assume that
   contraband in the same building as the accused is owned by the accused
   "unless he proves that he did not know of its presence on the premises
   or that he had no control over it."
   Perhaps the most fascinating section restricts even owning information
   that could be useful to "a person committing or preparing an act of
   terrorism." If hackers are terrorists, better delete your copy of Back
   Orifice and bugtraq archives now.
Looks like freedom loving people in the U.K. need to start considering just how acceptable the downsides an Initial Political Load of Parliment might be.  Same goes for those weasels in D.C.
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-06-11 09:06:50
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Social Security Numbers and health insurance 
I need to sign up for health insurance tomorrow.  I'm going to buy
individual coverage from Kaiser.  On their form, it asks for an SSN,
of course.
Well, Kaiser is not a government agency, and is certainly not
associated with the Social Security Adminisrtation in any way, so they
have no legitimate need for my SSN, and I don't want to give it to
them.  I'm wondering how best to go about doing this:
1. I could make up an SSN and give it to them.  I basically just have
   to make sure it's one that hasn't been taken, and corresponds to my
   real birth county, right?
Try this instead....
1. Get copies of the forms they wish you to sign.
2. Re-image and delete any wording which "certifies under perjury" that the information is correct.  Add or change the revision numbering sequence info, so later you can counter claims it was a fraudulent submission ("Hey,
 check the revision number, its not your form you accepted but mine.)
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-06-16 08:27:23
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: No subject 
Can anyone figure this out?
It's a link from the ebay splash page,
so it's "high profile".
Is it DeCSS?
#    #    [ pictured are DVD movies ]
#    #    All the software needed to burn your own DVD's is included with #    this auction. Now you can make copies/Backups of ALL of your #    favorite DVD's and never have to worry about replacing them. #    There are only 2 options. You could either spend thousands of There is no practical way to "just" burn DVDs onto CDs for subsequent viewing.  Without compressing, and lowering the resolution, the data volume is prohibitive (6GB or more).  That's not to say this compression will yield poor results if done properly.  Most consumer DVD players support the Video CD format (VCD) and many an enhanced format SVCD.  SVCD, a standard from Philips, has a peak data rate of about 2.6Mbps, compared to DVD's 8Mbps.  Feature length movies generally fit on three 80 minute CDs. Audio quality is excellent (Dolby surround is supported).  Subjectively, I think SVCD video quality (if mastered correctly from a DVD) is better than SVHS.  These SVCDs can also be viewed on PCs.
See  for a complete explanation of the tools (all/most free) and techniques.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-06-16 15:36:44
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: George@Orwellian.Org 
Can anyone figure this out?
It's a link from the ebay splash page,
so it's "high profile".
Is it DeCSS?
#    #    [ pictured are DVD movies ]
#    #    All the software needed to burn your own DVD's is included with #    this auction. Now you can make copies/Backups of ALL of your #    favorite DVD's and never have to worry about replacing them. #    There are only 2 options. You could either spend thousands of There is no practical way to "just" burn DVDs onto CDs for subsequent viewing.  Without compressing, and lowering the resolution, the data volume is prohibitive (6GB or more).  That's not to say this compression will yield poor results if done properly.  Most consumer DVD players support the Video CD format (VCD) and many an enhanced format SVCD.  SVCD, a standard from Philips, has a peak data rate of about 2.6Mbps, compared to DVD's 8Mbps.  Feature length movies generally fit on three 80/800MB minute SVCDs. Audio quality is excellent (Dolby surround is supported).  Subjectively, I think SVCD video quality (if mastered correctly from a DVD) is better than SVHS.  These SVCDs can also be viewed on PCs.
See  for a complete explanation of the ripping, editing,
 compressing, cutting, merging and burning tools (most free) and techniques.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-03-25 09:28:09
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell Royally 
More than ever, it seems Jim's AP system is needed.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-03-28 20:37:02
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Ninth Circuit ruling re webpage threats 
be interested in this case, released by the Ninth Circuit today, concerning the use of a web page to publish addresses of third parties, and whether or not such publication is protected by the First Amendment where it's foreseeable that unknown persons could make use of the addresses to cause injury or embarassment -
I think Judge Kozinski's ruling can also be easily read in support of free speech by operator and participants in anonymous betting pools with political Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-03-29 09:06:48
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Ninth Circuit ruling re webpage threats 
free You're right AP might not be protected.  But suppose the activity is different.  Suppose its publically stated purpose is some uncontroversial legit activity,
 such as psychic prediction contests.  Shouldn't the same sorts of protections should apply as in the ruling? The fact that terrorists unknown to the psychics might use the contests for illegal purpose (maybe specifically prohibited by the contest organizers) should cover the majority participants.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-03-30 14:23:26
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
Secret Service Raids E-Gold
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   11:10 a.m. Mar. 30, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- The Secret Service has raided a New York state business
   that exchanged dollars for grams of the digital currency called
   e-gold.
   A bevy of agents from the Secret Service, Postal Service and local
   police recently detained the owners of Gold-Age, based in Syracuse,
   and seized computers, files and documents from the fledgling firm.
Let this be a lesson to those operating such legal but controversial services that they keep all important records off site and use offshore systems to process and store data related to their transactions.  This way seizures of equipment become only a minor annoyance.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-11-02 11:20:16
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Using Thermite to Drop Suspension Bridges...and U.S. plans 
There are various formulations for thermite.  The one I like best uses barium peroxide, sulphur and very finely divided aluminum (paint pigment works great).  Thermite is nice cause its not explosive or shock sensitive and can be ignited by a simple green fireworks fuse.

@_date: 2001-11-02 11:27:17
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: King George II: Only in America 
The video was shot at the August 29, 1992 wedding of Jamie Weiss, the daughter of Dubya's close friends Mike and Nancy Weiss. Mike, a Lubbock, Texas lawyer and CPA, was Bush's campaign chairman during his first political race (an unsuccessful 1978 congressional bid) and was one of the Texas governor's earliest political appointments.
When cameraman T. Patrick Murray filmed Bush during the wedding reception at a Lubbock country club, the future governor took some rambling--and we presume good-natured--swipes at the newlyweds, the bride's parents, and her brother Kelly (Bush was being quizzed by a member of the bridal party). We love the part where teetotaler George actually disses two of the Weisses for supposedly not drinking or smoking.

@_date: 2001-11-02 22:29:03
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Homeland Insecurity  
Homeland Insecurity A Sacramento journalist is taken into custody by police and forced to destroy photos by an over-zealous National Guardsman. Apparently, the terrorists are indeed causing instability. the article:
"Most [revolutions] have been [ended] by a subversion of that liberty [they were] intended to establish." --Thomas Jefferson to George Washington, 1784. ME 4:218, Papers 7:106

@_date: 2001-11-05 20:17:54
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
Seems those opposed to the coming civil liberties crack down need to start employing some of the very same technology proposed to corral us.  For starters how about PC FaceCam to punish sneek and peekers?  Seems that if the data base of such a system were programmed to detect entry and descriminate family members or others who should have legit access to your property you could use it to deter their searches.(Probably a good idea to put a good UPS on the PC and FaceCam to thwart power interruptions, though why they would want to risk causing a tell tale time reset to one of you appliances I can't imaginge.)
For example, you could hook a compressed air tank to a high frequency whistle via a control valve connected to you PC.  Shouldn't be much of a problem reaching damaging or even lethal sound levels and might hard to stop once triggered. (Ever try find which one of your smoke detectors was triggering?) I once connected a buzzer in the center of a large wall-mounted array of flash lamps to an under-the-carpet pressure sensor to form a burgler bugger.  When triggered the system would sound the buzzer for about 1/2 second, to attract the eyes of the burgler, and then fire.  A few months after install our place was burgled and the thieves fled without taking any items, probably with some permanent retnal damage.
Of course you could connect an automated firearm.  (Crime Stoppers Note: aways aim for the head to avoid protective vests)  Any lawyers on the list know what penalties might be brought.  I seem to recall that tying a shotgun to the door knob was ruled an "indescriminate weapon"  But a FaceCam controlled gun wouldn't be indescriminate.

@_date: 2001-11-06 00:57:40
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
Seems those opposed to the coming civil liberties crack down need to start employing some of the very same technology proposed to corral us.  For starters how about PC FaceCam to punish sneek and peekers?  Seems that if the data base of such a system were programmed to detect entry and descriminate family members or others who should have legit access to your property you could use it to deter their searches.(Probably a good idea to put a good UPS on the PC and FaceCam to thwart power interruptions, though why they would want to risk causing a tell tale time reset to one of you appliances I can't imaginge.)
For example, you could hook a compressed air tank to a high frequency whistle via a control valve connected to you PC.  Shouldn't be much of a problem reaching damaging or even lethal sound levels and might hard to stop once triggered. (Ever try find which one of your smoke detectors was triggering?) Not recommended if you have pets :-) (I once connected a buzzer in the center of a large wall-mounted array of flash lamps to an under-the-carpet pressure sensor to form a burgler bugger.  When triggered the system would sound the buzzer for about 1/2 second, to attract the eyes of the burgler, and then fire.  A few months after install our place was burgled and the thieves fled without taking any items, probably with some permanent retnal damage.)
Of course you could connect an automated firearm to the PC.  (Crime Stoppers Note: aways aim for the head to avoid protective vests)  Any lawyers on the list know what penalties might be brought.  I seem to recall that tying a shotgun to the door knob was ruled an "indescriminate weapon"  But a FaceCam controlled gun wouldn't be indescriminate.

@_date: 2001-11-06 18:47:29
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
Seems those opposed to the coming civil liberties crack down need to start employing some of the very same technology proposed to corral us.  For starters how about PC FaceCam to punish sneak and peek?  Seems that if the data base of such a system were programmed to detect entry and discriminate family members or others who should have legit access to your property you could use it to deter their searches.(Probably a good idea to put a good UPS on the PC and FaceCam to thwart power interruptions, though why they would want to risk causing a tell tale time reset to one of you appliances I can't imagine.)
For example, you could hook a compressed air tank to a high frequency whistle via a control valve connected to you PC.  Shouldn't be much of a problem reaching damaging or even lethal sound levels and might hard to stop once triggered. (Ever try find which one of your smoke detectors was triggering?) Not recommended if you have pets :-) (I once connected a buzzer in the center of a large wall-mounted array of flash lamps to an under-the-carpet pressure sensor to form a burglar bugger.  When triggered the system would sound the buzzer for about 1/2 second, to attract the eyes of the burglar, and then fire.  A few months after install our place was burgled and the thieves fled without taking any items, probably with some permanent retinal damage.)
Of course you could connect an automated firearm to the PC.  (Crime Stoppers Note: always aim for the head to avoid protective vests)  Any lawyers on the list know what penalties might be brought?  I seem to recall that tying a shotgun to the doorknob was ruled an "indiscriminate weapon".  But a FaceCam controlled gun wouldn't be indiscriminate.

@_date: 2001-11-07 09:31:54
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
Try explaining that to the widow of the fireman who was trying to save your
...of course, that's assuming that it works perfectly, with no false
Reality rarely matches marketing. The accuracy rates for face recognition
are good
iff and only iff the subject is cooperating. With your proposed system, if
you forgot to
take off your sunglasses when you went in the house, you're probably dead.
Peter Trei
All professional alarm systems have an "armed state" and "triggered" warning so the property owners can shut it off before any action is taken.  I'm sure something appropriate can be devised to handle false IDs.
As for the firemen, this would indeed be a weakness.
BTW, open source face recognition SW is available from Intel.
Does anyone know of open source SW which could be adapted for target tracking and fire control?  Imagine how feature-face recognition could be married with targeting and anaonymous open broadband wireless access (commuication is encrypted and only used when a possible target match has been identified) to identify, target, authorize and eliminate vermin.  OpenJackal anyone?

@_date: 2001-11-09 11:08:14
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: America the Damned 
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. "
Individuals are morally free to make the decision when the "Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends."  And its their soverign duty to make war against the tyranny.  Remember that only a small, perhaps less than 10%, of the Colonials took an active part in revolting against the Crowne.  All Tim has done is advocated the same sort of treatment the founders advocated for formation of our country.  All the goverment has done is to criminalize any utter of similar treatment of itself.  Reminds me of the bumper stickers "Welcome to California, Now Go Home."  Just what one expects from a statist group.  Its OK that we were founded by revolution  but not that we may be subjected to another revolution. Same as it ever was.
While it is true that much of the early CP list debate centered on technology for empowerment of privacy, it was also regularly discussed that eventually the government might decide that such freedoms were damaging to their hegemony and take measures to punish adherents and suppliers of these "munitions".  When one is subjected to tyranny one has several choices, including: hiding, kneeling and waiting for the shit to blow over, and fighting.  This fighting may be in the legal arena, but in times of "national emergency" the likelyhood of finding an unbiased ear on the bench or the jury box may preclude a fair trial.  In that case one might identify the oppressors and individually target them.  I suggest if you find expression of such logical sentiment objectionable that you leave the list.

@_date: 2001-11-11 15:44:24
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Sedition  
No matter how bad the civil liberties crackdown in a democracy eventually citizens and their servants tire of the costs and inconvenience.  Perhaps some are have decided to lay low and wait for the chance to act rather than talk.

@_date: 2001-11-13 22:39:12
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Sedition 
--
In my observation, obviously unconstitutional laws tend to be
selective applied against people that are unsympathetic, and,
most importantly, cannot afford lawyers. Fortunately we can all afford firearms, some of high accuracy, range and penetration.  Soon we may all be able to afford tools for individually selective bioagents and WoMD.  What these downtrodden need most is a bit of ideological enlightenment and training.
Tim, would you care to name your favorite "militia" training web sites?  Anyone know if any of the once popular but now out-of-print Palladin books are circulating in e-book form?

@_date: 2001-11-15 17:54:43
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Brothers in arms? 
Anthrax is almost the same organism as Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt), which is produced commercially as a pesticide. The two organisms can be grown and prepared in the same way. Because Bt is generally considered harmless, the facilities producing it probably have not been investigated as possible sources of the anthrax material.

@_date: 2001-11-16 09:28:34
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Brothers in arms? 
Could you synopsize the discussion?  Any online links?

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:28:57
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
When I was in high school, studying programming, a friend who worked at a weapons lab contractor gave me sample FORTRAN code to study for style.  The huge stacks of print out were labled Nuclear Code Library (or something similar).  The code comments contained references to cross sections and reaction rates.  If I still have the stuff, unlikely, I'll OCR and post.

@_date: 2001-11-17 10:46:41
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching airport security 
Walk into an airport in baggy pants with powdered expolosives in a leg bag which can slowly be dispersed as you walk (perhaps controlled by some sort of string control like POWs scattered excavated soil in "The Great Escape").  After walking around in the lobby it should soon be tracked to the security checkpoints and interfere with any current swab or automated detection methods.

@_date: 2001-11-17 18:04:08
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Cypherpunk failures 
is so wrong?  Why do cypherpunks constantly predict events which don't
come true?  And is this faulty vision responsible for the failure of
the cypherpunks to maintain their cultural and technological influence,
and to make progress towards their goals?
pessimism.  Ever since the group was created they have predicted imminent
crackdowns on cryptography.  And yet the trend has consistently been in
the opposite direction.  Rather than keeping to an optimistic vision of a
better world, cypherpunks have sunk into a morass of doomsaying.  The Y2K
debacle was perhaps the most prominent example of failed pessimism.
Why work on crypto if the world is coming to an end?
You're way off base.  Many CP on and off this list have attempted, some to a relatively creditable degree, to create technologies (many open source) or launch ventures consistent with CP goals.
and white, true patriots versus those who "need killin'".  Government
in this view is a monolithic entity with the single-minded goal of
destroying individual rights and creating a tyrannical dictatorship.
Society is composed of "sheeple" who are ignorant of their own best
interests and easily manipulated by those in power.  This view ignores
the complex nature of political and corporate influence and the many
competing groups which vie for power in the world.
It emphasizes that to keep one's civil rights in the face of those who would trade them away, it may sometimes be necessary to temper their ignorance, greed, or other self interest with the specter of personal consequences untempered by law.
which, because founded on these erroneous points, has been useless and
irrelevant.  It's easier to moan and complain when bad things happen
than to adopt a positive view of the world and work in an optimistic
way to make it happen.
cypherpunks by.  The open source movement, peer to peer exchange, the
music and copyright wars, all have had little impact in the cypherpunk
world.  Peer to peer technology alone has tremendous potential as a
foundation for long-term cypherpunk dreams like anonymizing proxies,
encrypted data sharing, eternity, even DC nets.  Again you appear to be ignorant of the many CPs (Adam Back, Adam Shostack, Ian Goldberg, Ian Grigg, Doug Barnes, Sameer Parekh, Marc Bracino, Jim McCoy, and many others) who have contributed heavily in these areas.  As Tim says read the archives.  Its all there.
While it may be true that some were too early and somewhat idealistic I expect that their efforts will directly or indirectly encourage others to take up the banner and push on to success.

@_date: 2001-11-24 15:01:46
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
misdoings and abuses versus a book that gives a detailed recipe on how some disgruntled lunatic with $10 in their pocket can kill tens of thousands, maybe even millions, of other people "from your basement, in your spare time".
Many of the works in the Loompanics catalogue are practical, how-to, manuals on manufacture and use of weapons, some now classed as illegal.
The barriers to law enforcement in obtaining this type of information is part of the balance struck between individual civil liberties and the easy with which law enforcement is able to carry out some of their mandate to identify and capture criminals.  It is only in a police state that law enforcement's job is "easy."  Despite my concern over the possession of such information by some who have plans to use it to hurt others, I have no interest in seeing this balance tipped toward enforcement.
Anyone who looked for their inept government security agencies to provide all or most of their security were fools.  Any who continue to look for this protection going forward are larger fools.  To paraphrase P.T. Barnum, "A fool and their life are soon parted."  Your safety is most assured when you take personal responsibility.
The reasons for this failure have been much publicized and ignored over the past two decades.  The massive funding of these agencies post Sept. 11 are unlikely to have any immediate positive effects as money was never the primary problem.
This seems to be based on the assumption that one does not have a fundamental right to property: the right to possess it or transfer it.  That roadblocks need to be erected to prevent us from efficiently exercising this right.  The right to privacy, especially financial privacy is a basis of democratic government.  By limiting the manner in which one may hold property, especially without the knowledge of government agencies or ones neighbors, we greatly limit our freedom of private property ownership and privacy.
I'm sure you can think of others.  I'd put anthrax and other biological or chemical weapons into that category, too.  I'd hope that anyone buying (or attempting to buy) such stuff would at least slightly raise an eyebrow on the part of SOMEONE charged with helping to maintain a society that's safe to live in.  It's clearly NOT enough to only monitor such things on the part of madmen like Saddam Hussein... clearly, we have crazy people right here in the United States, too.  They're no less in need of at least some oversight to make sure that they don't go off the deep end and endanger as much as an entire city (or possibly even worse).
Abraham Lincoln :
"Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing Government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it or their revolutionary right to dismember or overthrow it." "First Inaugural Address" (available at  "Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable,---a most sacred right---a right, which we hope and believe, is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government, may choose to exercise it." (Speech in the United States House of Representatives, Jan. 12, 1848) You or I certainly couldn't consider overthrowing our government with a pistol, rifle or shotgun. The individual possession of Weapons of Mass Destruction is fundamental to exercise of our rights.  The Supreme Court essentially came to this conclusion in the case of Miller vs. U.S, but shortly thereafter it beat a hasty retreat in Case vs. U.S.
"In view of this, if the rule of the Miller case is general and complete, the result would follow that, under present day conditions, the federal government would be empowered only to regulate the possession or use of weapons such as a flintlock musket or a matchlock harquebus. But to hold that the Second Amendment limits the federal government to regulations concerning only weapons which can be classed as antiques or curiosities,--almost any other might bear some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia unit of the present day,--is in effect to hold that the limitation of the Second Amendment is absolute. Another objection to the rule of the Miller case as a full and general statement is that according to it Congress would be prevented by the Second Amendment from regulating the possession or use by private persons not present or prospective members of any military unit, of distinctly military arms, such as machine guns, trench m!
ortars, anti-tank or anti-aircraft guns, even though under the circumstances surrounding such possession or use it would be inconceivable that a private person could have any legitimate reason for having such a weapon. It seems to us unlikely that the framers of the Amendment intended any such result."  So, where we sit now is that we have a fundamental right to overthrow our government by violence but the discussion of this subject or possession of the means is a felony.
But since this expensive security has now been shown to be ineffective don't you think those citizens are entitled to a refund?  These expenditures were foolish but should individuals be held responsible for the folly of their fellow citizens?  Should I be able to sue our government for reimbursement of the costs of living in a gated and guarded community because I think the police have "created a dangerous condition" by not providing an adequate level of protection to my family?  This is a fools game.
Section 4.0 Engineering and Design of Nuclear Weapons
world) will shed great tears when ObL is captured or killed, I think that few of them will be very upset when this guy selling "murder millions of your fellow citizens" cookbooks is eliminated.
Nor shall I when those of my fellow citizens who with a fundamental lack of constitutional awareness call for such results meet a similar fate.
This no more a far gone conclusion than that some of those who passed these new measures or attempt to enforce them will lose their lives in doing so.

@_date: 2001-11-29 16:32:51
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
Have any of the shootingpunks on the list heard of constructing a firearm from something akin to a internal combustion chamber?

@_date: 2001-11-29 19:16:26
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
I'll check into it.  My thought was to create a very high rate of fire, simple and effective full auto weapon for caseless ammo.

@_date: 2001-10-02 18:30:17
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: and now for something completely different... 
I felt a great disturbance in the Force . . . as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.

@_date: 2001-10-03 20:08:24
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Day the Airways Stood Still 
(studying her for a
Tell me, Hilda -- does all this frighten you -- does it make you feel insecure?
Yes, sir -- it certainly does!
(nodding with a
bland little smile)
That's good, Hilda. I’m glad.

@_date: 2001-10-03 22:34:33
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Kamikazes (was: Re:  Stupid Congress Tricks: anti-terror bills 
Well folks its time to recruit some financial patriots.  All you need is a wad of cash, some C4 taped to your hide and wired to a voice activated detonator.  Klaatu barada nikto! Matching e-gold donations anyone?

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:57:30
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Looking at the bright side 
1. If one considers the readership of the named tabloids their elmination could lead to improvement in
  - the average intelligence of the U.S. population
  - democracy, since a more informed citizenry might result
2. As tobacco industry studies have implied, health risk based population reduction can sometimes have beneficial effects on a nation's health care and retirement expenses.

@_date: 2001-10-09 18:51:13
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Paper tigers (was: Re: Anthrax Case Number Three) 
been exonerated.
Perhaps they were sorting goat hides in the mailroom. :/
Looks like you were right once again.

@_date: 2001-10-13 20:55:08
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: House votes 339-79 to approve USA Act v2.0 "anti-terror" 
By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Oct. 13, 2001 PDT
   Democrats were the most strident critics of that decision. Barney
   Frank (D-Massachusetts) said: "What we have today is an outrageous
   procedure: A bill, drafted by a handful of people in secret, comes to
   us without a committee review and immune to amendment."
Top Senate Republicans, ah? I'm sure some of us are selecting our match ammo at this very moment.

@_date: 2001-10-13 23:32:12
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: possession of brown sugar and envelopes illegal ? 
diminished response over time. This is not to say that there is no danger - but
perception of danger seldom has any relation to danger itself.
is a weapon) in the long run is immunity. Sooner or later any small determined
group will be able to create some bug. I see no way that government can stop
this - it's like trying to stop crypto or C coding. Will not happen.
weapons. Maybe societal structures based on projectile-throwing weaponry are
passe. New weapons always changed rules, and it was called progress.
Points driven well home by Davidson and Rees-Mogg, "The Sovereign Individual" and Jared Diamond, "Guns, Germs and Steel."

@_date: 2001-10-15 18:44:01
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
on 9/11 without an opportunity for any due process, and don't fucking forget it.
entire sisterhood burned, drifting between the wafting billows of rancid smoke, and I ask myself: What is to be done? Target those who promised to protect us but decided that their careers, profits and politics came first.  It isn't very hard to create a long list from newspaper clippings over the past month.  Some of these are the same people looking for or receiving government handouts.  Unless significant retribution is taken against them it sends the clear message that its OK to sell out your fellow citizens.  Its clear none will ever stand trial as our political legal process almost never holds anyone responsible for what they don't do (even when its their sworn duty) only what they do.  Unless many of these vermin switch cells with the, mostly, unfortunates held for victimless crimes nothing will ever change.

@_date: 2001-10-15 18:48:11
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
Indeed.  If only 1 of 10 were successful in taking such measures it would quickly make such incarcirations a career limiting move for LE.

@_date: 2001-10-16 18:33:17
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: "Assassination Politics" federal prosecutor assassinated  
Washington in Seattle, died as a result of gunshot wounds inflicted on
Thursday night, October 11. He was responsible for prosecuting major
business crimes and bank frauds. He was also the Executive Assistant U.S.
Attorney to former U.S. Attorney Katrina Pflaumer at the time of the
"Assassination Politics" prosecutions. The USAO obtained a conviction of
Carl Johnson for sending threatening e-mail messages to federal judges and
others. Specifically, Johnson was convicted of one count of retaliating
against a judicial officer, one count of obstructing justice by making a
death threat against a judicial officer, and two counts of transmitting
threatening communications. The first three counts pertained to death
threats against federal judges. The fourth count pertained to a death threat
sent to Bill Gates. Tim always said AP was a long shot.  I agree.  Probably an unsatisified "client" settling an old account.

@_date: 2001-10-17 11:11:17
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Anodyne for sore feet 
All that recent stepping on our civil liberties must have left more than a few of our Congressmen with tender feet.  I say we send them some Dr. Scholls relief.

@_date: 2001-10-18 10:32:58
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: used lab equiptment 
A specialized ultrasonic device is not required to produce micron fine aerosol powders.  All one needs is a used and cleaned print head assembly and its piezo pulse circuitry.  Nozzle apertures are typically 25-50 micron and if the material is suspended, in weak concentration, in a solution which quickly evaporates but doesn't harm the spores it should produce moderate quantities of fine powder quickly.  If smaller sizes are desired a field ring charged to 1000-3000v DC can be placed around and in front of the nozzles.  If operated in sync with the nozzle pulses it can cause a the emerging droplets to cascade to nanometer size via the electrospray effect (now becoming common in drug production).  See

@_date: 2001-10-18 15:50:04
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
liberties end of the discussion with dignity and moderation, offering a determined argument against national id cards, for example. Stewart Baker

@_date: 2001-10-20 20:50:37
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
Hmm, one of these would be handy.
Nahh... probably too expensive and difficult to purchase.  All you need is an ALPS dye-sub printer.  Quality is photo.  The 1300/2300 models can be had for about $100-150 on eBay.  The paper tray folds down to allow a straight path past the print heads.  ID card, laminate stock and CDs are easily accomodated.  You can even produce watermark overlays (great for state seals) by peeling the barcode cassette ID from a consumed black cartridge and pasting it over the "color" (e.g., metallic silver, gold or transparent) cartridge you want for a water mark.  The printer scans the cartridges when you close the cover and will think the color overlay cartridge is black.

@_date: 2001-10-21 17:51:18
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: used lab equiptment 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1690 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:01:47
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Disney's SSSCA psy-ops: "EZ Jackster" 
The Disney Channel cartoon series The Proud Family
( an episode on Oct. 5 entitled EZ Jackster. In the storyline, EZ
Jackster is a Napster-like site, and the show's little heroines
get addicted to the service and play a part in the downfall of the music
industry. Disney is one of the backers of the SSSCA proposed legislation
that is scheduled for a hearing before Congress Oct. 25.
If someone had the presence of mind to capture this to .mpg and post it on one of the popular P2P sites it could make for a good laugh when it gets reworked to have a more plausible ending.

@_date: 2001-10-24 16:05:04
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: First, brand all the children 
You the problem in the cross hairs.  But what's to be done when your elected representative and fellow citizens are either too scared or don't care to discuss a plain reading of the constitution?  These ugly measures may cause some of us to assume that maybe the American revolution isn't over and that the ghost of George III and his Tories now reside in D.C.  Thank God so many of us own firearms and are therefore citizens and not merely subjects.
First, brand all the children
Cyber-liberties swept away by tidal wave of security concerns
By Brock N. Meeks
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 - Anthrax, Afghanistan, al-Qaida, Ashcroft and
anti-terrorism legislation. We aren't even through the first letter of the
geopolitical alphabet before jumping all the way to "S" as in "screwed" as
in what's happening to civil liberties in the online world.

@_date: 2001-10-25 22:41:41
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: King George II 
In dishonor of his namesake father and the possible historical irony I suggest that from now on we call our current commander in chief "King George II" and refer to his politcal and law enforcement henchmen as "Pop Tories".

@_date: 2001-10-26 14:05:04
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Where The Torture Never Stops... 
Many on this list should consider themselves candidates for free speech persecution.  I plan to treat my situation as would a person facing a "three-strikes" incarceration for a petty crime and suggest you all do the same.  If LEs should up for questioning I will treat them as the "security operatives" from Tim's quote of Alexander Solzhenitzyn's, "Gulag Archipelago."
Besides, "Prison is not punishment to the literate."
Of course you may have to read standing up until you get used to it.
Regards,  Matt-
Rape used as control in U.S. prisons
By NEVE GORDON
National Catholic Reporter, September 14, 2001
Many prisoners are targeted for sexual exploitation the minute they enter a
penal facility; their age, looks, sexual preference and other
characteristics mark them as candidates for maltreatment. In a new
groundbreaking report, Human Rights Watch documents the widespread
prisoner-on-prisoner rape in U.S. men's prisons. The rights group accuses
state authorities of not taking measures to prevent and punish rape and, in
many cases, for allowing this cruel form of abuse to persist.

@_date: 2001-10-27 11:06:51
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FBI moves to route internet  through central servers: 
The feds have been working for years on higher speed, government access only, Internet alternative.  Once they have this in place, or even before with this new approach, they could close the Internet down of filter our undesirable traffic as they see fit.  Forcing the U.S. Internet though one location would destablize the entire network.
A few of the alternatives are: - to support the smaller ISPs doing local peering and who cannot afford to use the major peering points
- re-awaken FidoNet
- Purchase and offer 802.11 public access points
- write letters and emails to the major ISP CEOs warning of the dire technical and personal consequences should their networks surcome to this fed pressure

@_date: 2001-10-29 15:50:11
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Ashcroft prepares for martial law 
Unlike America's Most Wanted the new dire but vague warnings are unlikely to cause citizens to uncover a massive new plot, I doubt they would have uncovered the 911 even if predictions of impending trouble have been announced a few days prior.  Since Congress gave him virtually everything he asked for the next step is martial law, though how that might help uncover any new plots is beyond me.

@_date: 2001-09-01 21:22:31
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 5655 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-05 00:54:47
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: New Worms Seek And Destroy Code Red 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 685 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-06 17:30:19
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1933 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-06 20:25:18
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2072 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-06 20:54:39
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 5800 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-07 16:37:02
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: US v Miller (was Re: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 523 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-07 21:30:50
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 780 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-08 18:51:02
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
disobedience. Stand out in front of the White House, with old Intel boxes
running Linux and an open source MP3 ripper/player, and offer to sell them
to passerby. Have 500,000 individuals be formal members of a general
partnership (no liability shield) - force the government to throw us all in
jail and take everything we own. We'll see what happens then!
I don't think your response goes far enough.  Those jailed have will have lost months even years of their lives.  What will the Congresscritters lose?  How will they pay them back once these laws are repealed?
If I were ever arrested for drug possession or DMCA violation I know what I would do once released.  The trouble with almost all who complain about this sort of crap is that is all they will do.  They are too comfortable to take the actions they know are necessary.  Most all the Declaration of Independence signers paid dearly.  Tell me how many you think today are willing to risk it all as they did?  I suspect until internal security forces patrol the streets (they are already setting up cameras in every major city) and quarter themeslves in our homes the sheeple will cower under their beds and thank God they have a job, a roof over their heads and can go to the church of their choice in Sunday.
Got to go now and water the tree of liberty...

@_date: 2001-09-11 07:41:44
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Debt of honor 
It seems quite a few have been making payments lately...eh?

@_date: 2001-09-11 18:45:03
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Ben-Laden Demolition 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1052 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-13 12:57:26
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Shades of X-Files 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 360 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-13 15:23:48
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: \"Ending States That Support Terrorism\" 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 908 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:52:03
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1774 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-13 23:37:12
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1805 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-14 10:42:06
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Shoulder to shoulder 
If we allow the acts of those involved in this week's acts against the U.S. to diminish our Liberties than they have already won and any retaliation will anti-climatic.  I can assure you that that there are many in the U.S. who love their Liberty more than life and are prepared put a bullet in anyone who acts to interfere with our "right" to communicate privately, keep and bear arms or be safe in our homes and papers from unreasonable searches.  Any elected representative who affirms legislation to curtail our rights due to the "current emergency," any officer of the law who act to enforce these new laws and any CEO of a private enterprise (e.g., an ISP who shuts off service to anyone in order to deny them their private communication rights) have earned killing. They are little different than the Nazi collaborators in WW II. It is only by offering these cowards, with their misguided patriotism or who value their self-interest more than Liberty, equally weighty consequences to consider that all our Liberties will be protected.

@_date: 2001-09-14 10:54:08
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
depressed.  Many have lost a great deal.  And this is fueling a potential
war which will make vietnam look like a broadway comedy.  many american
boys are going to die over this one and i find that an even greater
"War is just a racket ... something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small group knows what its about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses."  --- Major General Smedley Butler, 1933

@_date: 2001-09-14 20:58:20
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Imagining the Next War:  Infrastructural Warfare and the 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2661 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-15 22:06:18
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Shades of X-Files 
There are unconfirmed reports that one of the recently exhumed WTC bodies is that of Chandra Levy...

@_date: 2001-09-16 10:50:38
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FBI probes European short-selling 
Looks like BL found an effective way to "unfreeze" his $200-300 million in assets.

@_date: 2001-09-17 23:38:56
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: SI - The End of Nations, Part 1 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2753 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-18 18:10:28
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: SI - The End of Nations, Part 2 
The Taboo on Foresight
To see "outside" an existing system breaches a convention that helps keep the system functioning. Every social order incorporates among its key taboos the notion that people living in it should not think about how it will end and what rules may prevail in the new system that takes its place. Implicitly, whatever system exists is the last or the only system that will ever exist. Not that this is so baldly stated. Few who have ever read a history book would find such an assumption realistic if it was articulated. Nonetheless, that is the convention that rules the world. Every social system, however strongly or weakly it clings to power, pretends that its rules will never be superseded: They are the last word. Or perhaps the only word. Primitives assume that theirs is the only possible way of organizing life. More economically complicated systems that incorporate a sense of history usually place themselves at its apex. Whether they are Chinese mandarins in the court of the empe!
ror, the Marxist nomenklatura in Stalin's Kremlin, or members of the House of Representatives in Washington, the powers﷓that﷓be either imagine no history at all or place themselves at the pinnacle of history, in a superior position compared to everyone who came before, and the vanguard of anything to come.
This is true for practical reasons. The more apparent it is that a system is nearing an end, the more reluctant people will be to adhere to its laws. Any social organization will therefore tend to discourage or play down analyses that anticipate its demise. This alone helps ensure that history's great transitions are seldom spotted as they happen. If you know nothing else about the future, you can rest assured that dramatic changes will be neither welcomed nor advertised by conventional thinkers.
You cannot depend upon conventional information sources to give you an objective and timely warning about how the world is changing and why. You have little choice but to figure it out for yourself.

@_date: 2001-09-18 20:28:11
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: SI - The End of Nations, Part 3 
Beyond the Obvious
The record shows that even transitions that are undeniably real in retrospect may not be acknowledged for decades or even centuries after they happen. Consider the fall of Rome. It was probably the most important historic development in the first millennium of the Christian era. Yet long after Rome's demise, the fiction that it survived was held out to public view, like Lenin's embalmed corpse. No one who depended upon the pretenses of officials for his understanding of the "news" would have learned that Rome had fallen until long after that information ceased to matter.
The reason was not merely the inadequacy of communications in the ancient world. The outcome would have been much the same had CNN miraculously been in business, running its videotape in September 476. That is when the last Roman emperor in the West, Romulus Augustulus, was captured in Ravenna and forcibly retired to a villa in Campania on a pension. Even if Wolfe Blitzer had been there with minicams recording the news in 476, it is unlikely that he or anyone else would have dared to characterize those events as marking the end of the Roman Empire. That, of course, is exactly what latter historians said happened.
CNN editors probably would not have approved a headline story saying "Rome fell this evening." The powers that be denied that Rome had fallen. Peddlers of "news" seldom are partisans of controversy in ways that would undermine their own profits. They may be partisan. They may even be outrageously so. But they seldom report conclusions that would convince subscribers to cancel their subscriptions and head for the hills. Which is why few would have reported the fall of Rome even if it had been technologically possible. Experts would have come forth to say that it was ridiculous to speak of Rome falling. To have said otherwise would have been bad for business and, perhaps, bad for the health of those doing the reporting. The powers in late fifth century Rome were barbarians, and they denied that Rome had fallen.
But it was not merely a case of authorities' saying, "Don't report this or we will kill you." Part of the problem was that Rome was already so degenerate by the later decades of the fifth century that its "fall" genuinely eluded the notice of most people who lived through it. In fact, it was a generation later before Count Marcellinus first suggested that "The Western Roman Empire perished with this Augustulus." 4 Many more decades passed, perhaps centuries, before there was a common acknowledgment that the Roman Empire in the West no longer existed. Certainly Charlemagne believed that he was a legitimate Roman emperor in the year 800.
The point is not that Charlemagne and all who thought in conventional terms about the Roman Empire after 476 were fools. To the contrary. The characterization of social developments is frequently ambiguous. When the power of predominant institutions is brought into the bargain to reinforce a convenient conclusion, even one based largely on pretense, only someone of strong character and strong opinions would dare contradict it. If you try to put yourself in the position of a Roman of the late fifth century, it is easy to imagine how tempting it would have been to conclude that nothing had changed. That certainly was the optimistic conclusion. To have thought otherwise might have been frightening. And why come to a frightening conclusion when a reassuring one was at hand?
After all, a case could have been made that business would continue as usual. It had in the past. The Roman army, and particularly the frontier garrisons, had been barbarized for centuries. By the third century, it had become regular practice for the army to proclaim a new emperor. By the fourth century, even officers were Germanized and frequently illiterate. There had been many violent overthrows of emperors before Romulus Augustulus was removed from the throne. His departure might have seemed no different to his contemporaries than many other upheavals in a chaotic time. And he was sent packing with a pension. The very fact that he received a pension, even for a brief period before he was murdered, was a reassurance that the system survived. To an optimist, Odoacer, who deposed Romulus Augustulus, reunified rather than destroyed the empire. A son of Attila's sidekick Edecon, Odoacer was a clever man. He did not proclaim himself emperor. Instead, he convened the Senate and!
 prevailed upon its toosuggestible members that they offer the emperorship and thus sovereignty over the whole empire to Zeno, the Eastern emperor in faraway Byzantium. Odoacer was merely to be Zeno's patricius to govern Italy.
As Will Durant wrote in The Story of Civilization, these changes did not appear to be the "fall of Rome" but merely "negligible shifts on the surface of the national scene." When Rome fell, Odoacer said that Rome endured. He, along with almost everyone else, was keen to pretend that nothing had changed. They knew that "the glory that was Rome" was far better than the barbarism that was taking its place. Even the barbarians thought so. As C. W Previte-Orton wrote in The Shorter Cambridge Medieval History, the end of the fifth century, when "the Emperors had been replaced by barbaric German kings," was a time of "persistent make-believe."

@_date: 2001-09-20 12:26:04
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Congress 
There are just one fuck of a lot of people in this country that really,
seriously, need killing. It is utterly amazing how quickly, because
of one incident, all these "leaders" are jumping thru the "trash
the Constitution" hoop. schemes, is "aiding and abetting terrorists". Is there no way out
of this? Only cowards worry about possible punishment.
If this be terrorism, make the most of it!

@_date: 2001-09-20 13:44:12
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Slashdot | How Would Crypto Back Doors Work? 
One of the easiest, most effective and difficult to detect back doors is to compromise the PRNG.

@_date: 2001-09-23 10:14:28
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
Historically this has often failed (e.g., the lack of outcry against Japanese internment camps).  Neighboors are willing to sell their liberty and their neighbors at the drop of a hat if someone in government promises them greater security, even though these same liars failed them time and time again.  Since the New Deal Americans and corporations have become increasingly reliant on government to provide for them, shield them from their own poor judgement and folly and transfer the responsibility to the rest of us.  (Citizens of a like mind should structure upcoming tax filings to deduct Congress' largess to the airlines and others).  We cannot depend on these cowards and weaklings.
You'll notice that no Declaration of War was formally given.  Even so Congress has moved to curtail civil liberties.  From my perspective both life and liberty are equally dear.  Those that attempt to take either I will treat the same.
Its time to water the tree...

@_date: 2001-09-23 12:13:47
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Larry Ellison volunteers to donate the S/W for Nat. ID 
Time to show Ellison who the real threats to his personal safety are...

@_date: 2001-09-23 21:12:29
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: ID cards+law history 
Indeed it may have to be fought through the crosshairs...

@_date: 2001-09-24 09:10:09
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Selected quotes from Keyser-Soze 
Although I'm not into anthropomorphics I'd guess my sign would be either mongoose (fast and perisistent and loves to kill snakes) or weasel (agile, sly, cunning and sneaky and loves to kill rats)

@_date: 2001-09-24 17:01:10
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
I wish I had a penny for every such conversation regarding this topic I've had.
I wish I shared your hopeful attitude.  Earlier in our country's history, when the public educational system was functioning a bit better, the average citizen had a broader perspective and a firsthand knowledge of the Constitution.  Since the '60s the public system has all but failed subsequent generations leaving most ignorant and uninterested about how we got to where we are today, and easily propaganized.  I've spent a considerable amount of time with those younger than 30 and its freightening how few (except for the radicals and a few lawyers) have ever read the founder's documents.  Democracy only works when a citizenry is well informed.  So what do you do now that you've got a generation of rubes?  The political structure has almost precluded representation by those with minority views.  The Republicrats are little more than two underworld gangs fighting over turf (us and our taxes) while we only get to flip a coin to determine who sticks it to us.  How do you convince them that their leaders have been increasingly operating outside the intentions of the framers by ignoring and "re-interpreting" the Constitution to accomodate popular political sentement or accomodate powerful forces often with hidden agendas?
Thanks, I'll look into it.
I'd like to return the favor, Thomas.  I suggest reading "The Sovereign Individual : Mastering the Transition to the Information Age."
In The Sovereign Individual, Davidson and Rees-Mogg explore the greatest economic and political transition in centuries -- the shift from an industrial to an information-based society. Although somewhat repetitve, they raise some compelling arguments about what techo-geo-political factors have shaped governemnt and society and what current and anticipated factors will shape it yet again.  Specifically that "the economic return on violence," which is mainly tied to technology, is the most important long term influence on geopolitics.
Their prediction is that nation states will be reduced significantly in
global influence by the combination of the Internet (especially anonymous
digital money) and the proliferation of chemical and biological weapons in
the hands of smaller nation states, idiological groups and even
individuals. Their premise is that all governments have an implicit or
explicit covenant that if citizens agree to be taxed and bound by its laws,
they will protect them from harm (both foreign and domestic). If these
nations cannot deliver on this basic promise, and the authors they say
that's not likely without police state authority, then many wealthier
individuals (esp. those who's income and assets are Internet-based and
cannot be easily liened) will become state-less and go to wherever they
feel safe and free.  The masses will left to fight over the crumbs.

@_date: 2001-09-24 17:46:44
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
We are not a democracy, but a repubic (pun intended). The primary responsibility of our elected officials is to protect the minorities from the majority and to preserve protect and defend the constitution.  Many representatives clearly show they have at best a poor understanding of the Constitution, the words and intentions of the framers.  Some even show disdain for it.  How many Congressmen do you think ever read Thomas Paine's works?
I hope representative government is not.

@_date: 2001-09-24 20:43:10
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel:  
We are not a democracy, but a repubic (pun intended). The primary responsibility of our elected officials is to protect the minorities from the majority and to preserve protect and defend the constitution.  Many representatives clearly show they have at best a poor understanding of the Constitution, the words and intentions of the framers.  Some even show disdain for it.  How many Congressmen do you think ever read Thomas Paine's works?
I hope representative government is not.

@_date: 2001-09-24 20:52:18
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: End the FAA Killings 
The U.S. has declared war upon terrorists and those countries that support terrorists. That means that the U.S. has declared war upon itself. This year, the U.S. continued a Clinton-era policy and committed more than $100 million in foreign aid to Afghanistan — making us the country's largest humanitarian donor. In May 2001, Secretary of State Colin Powell announced an additional $43 million in relief, which includes 65,000 tons of wheat, vegetable oil, blended foods, health programs and shelter. When the Soviet Union occupied Afghanistan, the CIA trained Osama Bin Laden and his ilk in how to commit acts of terrorism and the U.S. provided financing and arms.

@_date: 2001-09-24 21:25:52
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
point that capitalism and fundamentalism were much alike, in that both
share a distrust of democracy.  The same can be said for the cypherpunks.
The same can be said for the framers.  That's why we don't have a democracy butthead.
as bin Laden and his fundamentalist killers?  Do they secretly support
this murderous attacks on innocent civilians?  We now face biological and
chemical attacks, which are supposed to be even more "cruel and shocking"
than the WTC attacks.  Are these cypherpunks in favor of seeing more
Americans killed by terrorist actions?
I can't speak for others but I don't want to see any more Americans killed by terrorists than have been killed by U.S.-supported right-wing regimes in the past 50 years.  Its only when the chickens come home to roost that the true price of our global hegenomy and "victory" against others with different idiologies will be driven home and our foreign policy adjusted accordingly.
statements by cypherpunks that those who disagree "need killing", that
blood must be shed by those of different political views.  Not views, actions which impinge on our liberties.
this is a call for a Cypherpunk Jihad (the word is often translated as
"holy war", but "justified struggle" is as valid a translation).  It is
no different for Tim May to call for the extinction of his enemies than
for Usama bin Laden to do so.
horror and disgust at the terrorist acts should recognize that the same
sentiments are found here, just below the surface.  The thinly veiled
threats of bloodshed are based on the same philosophy of violent hatred
and contempt for others which motivates the terrorists.
One man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter.  Asymetrical warfare is here to stay.  Get used to it!  U.S. citizens feel their hands are clean because our leaders made sure Americans weren't holding the guns which slaughtered tens of thousands.  They can't understand why so many now want us dead.  What did we do to deserve this?
Many of our mid-east puppets have used the U.S. as their whipping boy to deflect criticism from their own oppressive regimes and our tolerance of this over the past decades will now haunt our foreign policy for many years to come.  If we want to stop terrorism we need to fix our foreign policy.

@_date: 2001-09-25 20:30:07
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror  
Every one of us, without exception, is born into a society that is given, just as the fauna and flora of our environment are given. Society and its institutions are, to the individual who enters it, as much naturalistic phenomena as is the weather itself. There is, therefore, no natural sanctity in the State any more than there is in the weather. We may bow down before it, just as our ancestors bowed before the sun and moon, but it is only because something in us unregenerate finds satisfaction in such an attitude, not because there is anything inherently reverential in the institution worshiped. Once the State has begun to function, and a large class finds its interest and its expression of power in maintaining the State, this ruling class may compel obedience from any uninterested minority. The State thus becomes an instrument by which the power of the whole herd is wielded for the benefit of a class. The rulers soon learn to capitalize the reverence which the State produc!
es in the majority, and turn it into a general resistance toward a lessening of their privileges. The sanctity of the State becomes identified with the sanctity of the ruling class, and the latter are permitted to remain in power under the impression that in obeying and serving them, we are obeying and serving society, the nation, the great collectivity of all of us. . . .     --  RANDOLPH  BOURNE, 1918 gradually become a police state because of dissent (which the state,
naturally, labels as "terrorism"). This progresses until internal
pressure builds up to the point of disintegration. Nothing new here,
except that US managed to do in 60 years what took others centuries.
official story (and flag-waving politicians) when they feel threatened
by dark & hairy foreigners, it should be obvious that such grouping is
the main long-term consequence of "terrorism", and that the state is the
principal profiteer.

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:20:50
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Ashcroft and the administration show their true colors 
September 26, 2001  Bush's New Surveillance Proposals Could Bring Information Overload
By TED BRIDIS and GARY FIELDS Staff Reporters of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
Under another proposal being considered Tuesday night, all of the enhanced surveillance capabilities that the bill would give law-enforcement personnel would phase out after December 2003. Negotiators from both sides were still weighing that idea, participants said. Mr. Ashcroft Tuesday testified before a Senate panel that he opposed any "automatic sunset" of the proposed legislation.
By not allowing an automatic sunset Ashcroft says we intend to keep the country on a permanent war footing and permanently curtail 4th Amendment freedoms.  SS indeed!
"It is seldom that liberty of any kind is lost all at once."
                                                       -Hume If the leglislation passes as Ashcroft wants this may be one of those times...

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:13:23
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
So, if I wear an assembled tent and walk down main street

@_date: 2001-09-26 20:46:24
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
One-way pagers are a great anonymous way to signal, especially since Web interfaces were offered.  With coded messages, originated from public access terminals and disguised as phone numbers, a lot of command and control is practical.
They fucking DID meet in person! There is not one iota, not one shred,
of evidence that Atta and and his 20 or so co-conspirators used "crypto"
in any form! (Including image file steganography, the form I invented in
1989-90 and which Kevin Kelly profiled in his book "Out of Control,"
based on interviews in 1992. I mention this because several journalists
have been writing b.s stories aoubt Osama using "steganography, files
hidden in images.' B.S.)
And even had Atta and Company used crypto, which there is no evidence
whatsoever of, this would be no more justification for "key escrow" or
"backdoors" than the use of curtains by Al Capone to hide his activities
was grounds for "transparency escrow" modes in curtains or for banning
sealed envelopes. Most crime takes place out of sight of law
enforcement. So?
Atta and his co-conspirators met in apartments, motel rooms, and sent
overnight letters. Unless the bozos at Reason are arguing for opening of
all mail, for microphones in motel rooms, for "1984" levels of apartment
surveillance, there is nothing that could have been done to stop the
This is all just very basic stuff, written about by some of us in the
mid-80s. That so many journalists are just now "discovering" the crypto
issue is symptomatic of our times.

@_date: 2001-09-26 20:59:39
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Microsoft the new Smith & Wesson? 
I can't belive that some hungry lawyer hasn't filed a case accusing Microsoft, though their Flight Simulator software, of aiding and abetting the terrorists.  Is it true they pulled their latest version which could fly into skyscrapers?  Might become a ghastly collector's item.

@_date: 2001-09-26 21:40:32
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Microsoft the new Smith &amp; Wesson? 
Damn, I wonder if someone on the launch team will leak a copy?
----- Original Message -----

@_date: 2001-09-30 14:55:34
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: An apt lyric for today\'s situation in America 
Don't Dream It's Over
Written by: Neil Finn
Performed by: Crowded House
There is freedom within, there is freedom without
Try to catch the deluge in a paper cup
There's a battle ahead, many battles are lost
But you'll never see the end of the road
While you're travelling with me
Hey now, hey now
Don't dream it's over
Hey now, hey now
When the world comes in
They come, they come
To build a wall between us
We know they won't win
Now I'm towing my car, there's a hole in the roof
My possessions are causing me suspicion but there's no proof
In the paper today tales of war and of waste
But you turn right over to the T.V. page
Hey now, hey now
Don't dream it's over
Hey now, hey now
When the world comes in
They come, they come
To build a wall between us
We know they won't win
Now I'm walking again to the beat of a drum
And I'm counting the steps to the door of your heart
Only the shadows ahead barely clearing the roof
Get to know the feeling of liberation and relief
Hey now, hey now
Don't dream it's over
Hey now, hey now
When the world comes in
They come, they come
To build a wall between us
Don't ever let them win

@_date: 2002-08-22 07:49:29
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: U.S. Military Uses the Force 
[[I wonder if a similar techique can be used against bullets for personal armor or home defense.]
U.S. Military Uses the Force
By Noah Shachtman
One of the most dangerous and pervasive threats facing American and
British troops in combat zones is a primitive grenade launcher that only
sets your typical terrorist back about $10.
The Anglo-American defense against this no-tech threat: an electrical
force field that's costing hundreds of millions of dollars to develop.
Fitted on light armored vehicles such as personnel carriers, the force
field uses a series of charged metal plates to dissipate the effects of
rocket-propelled grenades (RPGs), a weapon found by the thousands from
Mogadishu to Kabul to Baghdad.
Get your free encrypted email at

@_date: 2002-01-07 17:34:30
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
But legally a no-no.  Its an indescriminate weapon.  Better to hook up the arsonal to an biometric authentication system which can be enabled when you're away.  That way if there's a mess to clean up upon arrival you can tell the judge that the weapon wasn't indescriminate.

@_date: 2002-01-08 11:38:57
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: End of the IRS?? 
argument is supposed to play out.
business going on, that would be one thing. the federal government to seize power not granted by the Constitution
(and, in some cases, strictly prohibited by it). Booze prohibition
required a constitutional amendment; drug prohibition wouldn't.
All the more reason to go on a mindless killing spree.
what would stop the courts from saying -- it wasn't necessary?
No but it would provide whatever moral basis one needs to terminate the vermin with extreme prejudice.  What's needed are a few terminally ill militia minded souls to give up their last few weeks for the cause.  I know I wouldn't hesitate.  Maybe an anon cash pool, collected after the fact, to support these patriots' families could be used to offer additional incentive.
"When the people fear their government, there is tyranny; when the government fears the people, there is liberty " --- Thomas Jefferson

@_date: 2002-01-14 10:29:36
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Off the wagon, again 
George II now sports a nasty little bruise on his face.  The spin is that he choked on a pretzel and fell down.  Right.
I wonder who's running things now that the king has fallen into his old habits.  Will it be like Nancy and Ron?

@_date: 2002-07-11 11:42:59
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: DNA databases to be classified 
Scientists build polio virus from scratch
Scientists have built the virus that causes polio from scratch in the lab, using nothing more than genetic sequence information from public databases and readily available technology. The feat proves that even if all the polio virus in the world were destroyed, it would be easily possible to resurrect the crippling disease. It also raises the worrying possibility that bioterrorists could use a similar approach to create devastating diseases such as ebola and smallpox without having to gain access to protected viral To read the full story go to:
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-11 14:43:56
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
(Regarding SS and other USG liabilities)
attempting to organize a nation-wide grassroots movement. On a to-be-announced "F-day", every member of the movement will kill a designated old fart, one who has long since taken back out of SS anything s/he put into the system and is now subsisting solely on SS checks and other welfare. Bonus points for killing an old fart who has taken much more out of the system than he put in and yet was loudly agitating for an increase in benefits to help "the greatest generation, who gave so much for their country". Old farts who are still working or who are living on saved assets are exempt.
Wrong target.  Suggest you rename it "L-day" for federal Legislator Day.
Members should consider themselves patriots in the true sense.  Since not many citizens are so ideological, I suggest a voluntary redistribution of wealth from the ideological to the families of those patriots who take up the challenge.  Likely participants may be those who have been diagnosed with a terminal illness and have not been economically fortunate (or wasteful enough) to leave their families a meaningful inheretance.
The sooner the redistribution stops the sooner the economic health of the nation will improve.
Loading up the nation with debt and leaving it for the following generations to pay is morally irresponsible. Excessive debt is a means by which governments oppress the people and waste their substance. No nation has a right to contract debt for periods longer than the majority contracting it can expect to live.
"I sincerely believe... that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity under the name of funding is but swindling futurity on a large scale." --Thomas Jefferson to John Taylor, 1816. ME 15:23 Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-14 23:28:44
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: US planning to recruit one in 24 Americans as citizen spies 
[Call for jIM bELL]
US planning to recruit one in 24 Americans as citizen spies
By Ritt Goldstein
July 15 2002
The Bush Administration aims to recruit millions of United States citizens as domestic informants in a program likely to alarm civil liberties groups.
The Terrorism Information and Prevention System, or TIPS, means the US will have a higher percentage of citizen informants than the former East Germany through the infamous Stasi secret police. The program would use a minimum of 4 per cent of Americans to report "suspicious activity".
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-26 21:01:58
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: CPs just talk about AP... 
Gambling Ghouls
Guess When a Nuclear Weapon Is Detonated and Win Fabulous Prizes!
Death pools  a ghoulish twist on college basketball tournament pools  are nothing new to the Internet. Participants typically throw a few dollars into a pot and guess when various newsmakers will die for cash prizes and bragging rights. Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-28 22:51:05
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Revised View of 2nd Amendment Is Cited as Defense in Gun Cases 
Scores of criminal defendants around the nation have asked federal courts to dismiss gun charges against them based on the Justice Department's recently revised position on the scope of the Second Amendment. Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-06-14 11:30:25
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Top 10 police database abuses (pointer) 
Good reasons for average citizens to obtain and use alternate identification.  Looks like we all need to play Spy Games if we want to control access to our personal information.
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-25 22:25:14
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim-Bell-in-prison update 
If 'ol Jim had really implemented an AP system instead of just running his mouth off about one he might not be breaking rocks, I mean TVs.
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-26 19:51:19
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: A counterpoint to NYT's Friedman: US media cowed by patriotic 
US media cowed by patriotic fever, says CBS star
Network news veteran admits national mood caused him to shrink from
tough questions on war in Afghanistan
Matthew Engel in Washington
Friday May 17, 2002
The Guardian
Dan Rather, the star news anchor for the US television network CBS,
said last night that "patriotism run amok" was in danger of trampling
the freedom of American journalists to ask tough questions. And he
admitted that he had shrunk from taking on the Bush administration
over the war on terrorism.
In the weeks after September 11 Rather wore a Stars and Stripes pin in
his lapel during his evening news show in an apparent display of total
solidarity with the American cause. However, in an interview with
BBC's Newsnight, he graphically described the pressures to conform
that built up after the attacks on the World Trade Centre and the
"It is an obscene comparison - you know I am not sure I like it - but
you know there was a time in South Africa that people would put
flaming tyres around people's necks if they dissented. And in some
ways the fear is that you will be necklaced here, you will have a
flaming tyre of lack of patriotism put around your neck," he
said. "Now it is that fear that keeps journalists from asking the
toughest of the tough questions."
Rather did not exempt himself from the criticism, and said the problem
was self-censorship. "It starts with a feeling of patriotism within
oneself. It carries through with a certain knowledge that the country
as a whole - and for all the right reasons - felt and continues to
feel this surge of patriotism within themselves. And one finds oneself
saying: 'I know the right question, but you know what? This is not
exactly the right time to ask it.'"
Such a confession is astonishing, bearing in mind its source. Rather
is almost as famous in the US as the president, though he is more
secure in his tenure, far better paid and probably more pampered.
Rather, 70, has held what used to be regarded as the top job in
American journalism for two decades, since he was chosen to succeed
the revered and avuncular Walter Cronkite as CBS News's
anchorman. Traditionally, CBS was the country's No 1 news channel but
has lost its status and ratings after years of budget cutbacks.
The White House was to blame for its failure to provide adequate
information about the war, Rather said. "There has never been an
American war, small or large, in which access has been so limited as
this one.
"Limiting access, limiting information to cover the backsides of those
who are in charge of the war, is extremely dangerous and cannot and
should not be accepted. And I am sorry to say that, up to and
including the moment of this interview, that overwhelmingly it has
been accepted by the American people. And the current administration
revels in that, they relish that, and they take refuge in that."
He said his view of the patriotism differed from that of the
administration. "It's unpatriotic not to stand up, look them in the
eye, and ask the questions they don't want to hear - they being those
who have the responsibility, the ultimate responsibility - of sending
our sons and daughters, our husbands, wives, our blood, to face death.
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-26 20:43:58
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Regulatory arbitrage in action 
Flight Schools See Downside to Crackdown
By DAVID FIRESTONE with MATTHEW L. WALD
The security crackdown meant to keep terrorist hijackers out of American flight schools has forced thousands of foreign students to train overseas, weakening the country's global dominance in aviation training, officials in the industry say.
That shift, they warn, could ultimately mean greater risks for air travelers, because American flight schools are the main source of well-trained commercial pilots for foreign airlines.
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-29 13:13:26
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Why asymmetrical warefare practitioners have nothing to fear 
enforcement)
[An edited copy of "Who Let the Terrorists Succeed?" The now-famous memo Minneapolis agent Coleen Rowley sent to Robert Mueller, director of the FBI, now widely known as the Federal Bureau of Incompetence. The May 21, 2002 memo, obtained by Time, is one scary document. It suggests [SURPRISE!] that we have a bunch of time-servers protecting our security, which no one is in charge of anything. If any of this changed after September 11, Rowley, a highly regarded veteran of the bureau, does not say so.
        Without mentioning names, Rowley basically fingers a mid-level FBI supervisory agent in the Hoover Building (in Washington) named Dave Frasca, who was supposed to be running the task force on religious fanatics. After the Minneapolis office took flight-student and hijacker-wannabe Zacarias Moussaoui into custody and obtained intelligence from the French indicating that he had terrorist ties, alert Minnesota agents didnt just passively push the case up the chain of command. They became, in Rowleys words, desperate to search his computer laptop. So desperate that they risked the wrath of higher ups by committing a real pre-9-11 no-no: contacting the CIA.
        Headquarters personnel didnt just deny the request to probe Moussaoui further. Even though they were privy to many more sources of intelligence information than field agents, as Rowley plaintively put it, they continued to, almost inexplicably, throw up roadblocks and undermine Minneapolis by-now desperate attempts to obtain a search warrant.
        Because Frascas not commenting publicly, we havent heard the other side of the story. But as anyone who has ever worked in an office knows, HQ always has its own take on events, and sometimes its even right. In this case a federal judge in Washington, Royce C. Lambreth, grew annoyed at the poor documentation involved in requests from federal prosecutors for search warrants and wiretaps. One prosecutor so angered Lambreth that he was actually barred from seeking any more approvals from judges, a move that sent a chilling career message down through the ranks of the Justice Department. So Frasca, knowing which way the wind was blowing in Washington, wasnt just going to rubber stamp the Minneapolis request.
[Does this mean the complaints by civil libertarians that FESA were being heard?]
        Moreover, the very fact that HQ is, in Rowleys words, privy to many more sources of intelligence is actually a hindrance, not necessarily a sign of negligence. The more intelligence chaff that comes in, the harder it is to find the wheat. Frasca should have the chance to explain that, and Judge Lambreth should explain why he thought the warrant process was being abused.           But Rowleys certainly correct when she tells Mueller that the problem with chalking this all up to the 20/20 hindsight is perfect problem  is that this is not a case of everyone in the FBI failing to appreciate the potential consequences. It is obvious that the agents in Minneapolis who were closest to the action and in the best position to gauge the situation locally did fully appreciate the terrorist risk/danger posed by Moussaoui.
        Doesnt that sound familiar in your company? The branch offices never think headquarters knows whats really going on, while the home office VPs think the branch guys are a bunch of whiners without the chops to make it in the big time at HQ.         But in this evergreen of bureaucratic in-fighting, one of HQs best arguments is usually that unlike the branch offices, it sees the big picture. This time, as Rowley notes, Frasca and company not only failed to see the big picture, they worked actively to keep others from trying to see it. Thats quite an indictment.
        And thats only part of her bombshell. Rowley, who is, fortunately for her, close to retirement, also goes after Mueller himself. I have deep concerns that a delicate and subtle shading/skewering of facts by you and others at the highest levels of the FBI has occurred and is occurring. She argues that Muellers reorganization, which would further empower the FBIs Washington headquarters, is exactly the wrong approach to preventing terrorism.
        As if to confirm Rowleys harsh judgment, Mueller last week classified her memo, though we learned after it was leaked that there is nothing even vaguely compromising about FBI sources and methods contained in it. He classified it for the same reason Bush and Cheney dont want an independent commission to investigate what happened: Its embarrassing.
        Now its up to the rest of us to decide. [Unfortunately its not.  If it were the problem would have been addresses decades ago.]
Is embarrassment a proper standard for classifying documents and sweeping poor performance under the carpet? Or is it perhaps more patrioticand better for preventing a future attack to get to the bottom of what happened in order to make the necessary bureaucratic changes?
        This is a deep question for American democracy. The issue is not accountability versus security; its accountability versus embarrassment and political discomfort.
[The problem is that individuals are prevented from pursuing criminal prosecutions.]
[That's why its so important that insiders have a practical means (e.g., John Young's site) to leak mis-classified data.]
        Mueller argues that the reform of the FBI is already underway, and need not be disrupted by a lot of finger-pointing. Let him do it in private, the administration asks. Let the company handle its own affairs. But that assumes a universe where Mr. Mooney doesnt need Lucys suggestions, and Dolly Parton, Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin should just shut up. It assumes a world where Dilbert has no cause for complaint.
        That wasnt life before September 11, or after. Bureaucracies ossify. Office politics grows more bitter with time. Sometimes the only answer is the kind of wholesale reorganization we dont seem to be getting so far. [The kind or "re-organization" we need is way beyond anything the mainstream media, not to mention D.C., could even understand.  There is no reason to believe that our fearless leaders will be anymore successful in catching these new villains than they have the drug kingpins and narco-terrorists.  The impact of these failures will, however, be immeasurably higher.]
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-30 14:47:54
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: F.B.I. Given Broad Authority to Monitor the Public 
Get ready for the shit storm.
I'm making a list, checking it twice, gonna found who's tree gets watered tonight...
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-05-31 16:36:00
@_author: keyser-soze@hushmail.com 
@_subject: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
WASHINGTON, May 30  Two men charged with carrying pistols without a license in the District of Columbia have invoked the Bush administration's position on guns to seek the dismissal of their cases.
Reversing decades of Justice Department policy, the Bush administration told the Supreme Court this month that it believes the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess firearms.
Lawyers for the two men, Michael Freeman and Manuel Brown, say the position is inconsistent with a ruling in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Today, the Justice Department urged the continued prosecution of the men. The controlling precedent upholds the city's firearm statutes, "even though it contains reasoning that is inconsistent with the position of the United States," the department said in court papers
[What bullshit!  Do not pay any attention to the man behind the curtain.]
Hush provide the worlds most secure, easy to use online applications - which solution is right for you?
HushMail Secure Email HushDrive Secure Online Storage Hush Business - security for your Business Hush Enterprise - Secure Solutions for your Enterprise Looking for a good deal on a domain name?
