
@_date: 1993-12-01 22:52:26
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Steganography and noise 
What about doing steganography by embedding messages in random-dot stereograms?
                                   -- Will

@_date: 1993-12-02 22:32:39
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Mac Encryption Program Ready! 
CP's --
Since Cypherpunks write code...
My Mac encryption software is ready for beta! Anybody out there interested in taking a look-see and giving me some feedback?
I incorporated into the software almost all the advice I received in response to my request a month ago for advice about the encryption algorithm, and it seems pretty good to me (I've added cryptographically random IV's and encrypted header data). But I'd be especially interested in feedback on The program is a System 7 _only_ conventional encryption application, using IDEA CFB. It works drop-and-drag, encrypts files, folders, or whole volumes, allowing pass phrases up to 255 characters in length, and has a small variety of hip features. The program is freeware and (of course) comes with source code. It's called "Curve Encrypt".
I've created a software company 'nym, "Curve Software", with an associated PGP public key for release verification (enclosed here). Note that I'd appreciate correspondence relating to the software sent to kinney at bogart.colorado.edu, so I can keep it separate from my other mail.
I will only distribute this software within the U.S. I do not want to fuck with ITAR. Please respect this.
E-mail me if you want the code.
                                -- Will
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-12-03 08:54:06
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: HELP! Unnerving MacPGP Glitch! 
Hmm. Seems the Curve Software public key I sent out has a "bad signature" attached... namely my personal PGP key, with which I signed the new key.
Here's what happened -- perhaps someone can explain why: I generated a new key for Curve Software, and signed it with my other key, while it was in my secret key ring (should be ok, right?). I then extracted the new key to an ascii file. When this new key and signature are added to my public keyring, it tells me that the signature is bad. I then select removal of the bad signature, and MacPGP gives me a dialog that says
"File pubring.$01 already exists. Overwrite? (y/n)"
If I select "yes", I get the dialog back over and over. If I select no, the dialog goes away and the Curve Encrypt key ends up in my public key ring, _with the signature still attached_. Now when I verify the signature of the key while it's on the ring, it is flagged as valid.
What the hell? It must have something to do with having signed a key on my secret ring, which was kind of a weird thing to do, I guess. And now I'm all worried that somehow I've compromised the security of one or both of these The second problem I have is how to correct the bad signature in all the copies of the Curve Software public key that are out there? Should I leave the bad sig in there and sign it again? Should I remove the bad sig and re-sign it? Should I just issue revocation certificates for everything and start over?
Seems like it ought to be all right to remove the bad sig, re-sign the key, and post the same key with the new signature to the list, signed with itself so that people who already have it in their pubring can verify its veracity. Still, this will be good fuel for paranoia -- "here's the public key for verifying this encryption software... OOPS! screwed it up, here's a NEW key!"
Advice appreciated. I don't want to release the code to the Beta testers until this security issue is resolved.
                                -- Will

@_date: 1993-12-03 17:22:54
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Good Curve Software Key 
OK. Here's the de-glitched public key for Curve Software. It's properly
signed with my usual key (available via finger). It'll be on a key server
soon, hopefully with additional signatures, but I haven't gotten to it
yet. Sorry for wasting the bandwidth, but I wanted to get it redistributed
Additional note:
I've received a few messages from anon users, ranging from very polite to major-league sleazy. So as a blanket response, let me make this very clear: I _will not_ mail Curve Encrypt to addresses outside the U.S. or to anon id's. I just don't have enough money to pay for the lawyers. Sorry.
The rest of you will be receiving it soon.
                                -- Will
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-12-05 00:29:37
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: A little Lao Tzu 
Forgive the non-sequiter, but this seems appropriate...
After a bitter quarrel, some resentment must remain.
What can one do about it?
Therefore the sage keeps his half of the bargain
But does not exact his due.
A man of Virtue performs his part,
But a man without Virtue requires others to fulfill their obligations.
The Tao of heaven is impartial.
It stays with good men all the time.
(Lao Tzu)
                               -- Will

@_date: 1993-12-16 15:36:30
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Distribution of Secure Drive 
Thank you for saying this. I would like to emphatically second it. People
are going to quit writing code if this sort of thing starts happening.
If you want code exported, write it yourself and export it. Then it's your
ass on the line.
                               -- Will

@_date: 1993-12-28 18:27:44
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Secure Drive Distribution 
ripem.msu.edu evidently has such a policy. I'm considering using it to
distribute Curve Encrypt. Anybody have any experience with this site?
Should be pretty funny distributing PGP-authenticated software from the
Ripem ftp site, but I guess if they don't mind, neither do I :-).
                               -- Will

@_date: 1993-11-09 08:44:11
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Cyphergurus: Advice needed 
I'm writing a Macintosh encryption application (nearing completion), which,
when it encrypts a file, changes its file type and creator so that the encryption program will be launch when the file is double-clicked. I have to save four pieces of information about the original plaintext: file type, creator, data fork length, and resource fork length. These are placed in a resource in the encrypted file. What I'd like to get opinions on is _should I encrypt this header information_, since its format will be known to an attacker and, in many cases, its contents easy to guess? My inclination is to leave it plaintext, since the worst that can happen if a file type is known is the same type of attack that would _always_ be possible with an encrypted header.
Thanks to all with thoughts on the subject.
                                  -- Will

@_date: 1993-11-09 17:28:44
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Thanks, cyphergurus 
Thanks to all for the ideas.
Matthew J Ghio writes in response to my question on Mac encryption:
Now THIS I like. There have been a couple of suggestions to use random
numbers in one way or another, but one thing I've been trying to avoid
is having to depend on a PRNG in any way (the same plaintext will always
create the same ciphertext, then, but there seems to be nothing particularly
weak about that -- correct me if I'm wrong). I don't trust the damn
things, and REAL random numbers are just too hard to come by.
As a matter of fact, I'm ALREADY MD5 hashing the plaintext to use as a key
verification block (I posted about this a while ago). The first 4K of the
plaintext is hashed and encrypted with the same key as the plaintext. That
way, when the file is decrypted, it can be hashed again and the new hash
compared to the old hash. If the hashes match, the key is good.
So I guess I'm modifying my request to ask for critiques of this scheme:
(1) Prompt for a pass phrase (I allow 255 characters)
(2) MD5 hash the pass phrase to get an IDEA encryption key
(3) MD5 hash the plaintext to make a key verification block
(4) Encrypt the header info (type, creator, fork lengths) with the
    key verification block.
(5) Encrypt the plaintext and the key verification block with the IDEA key
(1) Get pass phrase as above and hash to an IDEA key
(2) Decrypt the ciphertext with the IDEA key
(3) MD5 hash the new plaintext to make a key test block
(4) Decrypt the key verification block produced in (3) above with the IDEA
    key.
(5) Compare the key test block with the key verification block -- if they
    match, the key is good.
(6) Decrypt the header with the key verification block.
Note that in practice, I'm encrypting the file 4K at a time, and only hashing the first 4K block to make the key verification block. The
header info and the key verification block are stored in a RESOURCE.
This is for local, symmetric encryption on a Mac, and there's no point
in not using the tools available. You wanna talk to a DOS machine, use
PGP -- that's what it's for.
IDEA CBC, natch. The application is fully Mac (dialogs, alerts, whatnot),
drag-and-drop, AppleEvent aware. Should be pretty easy to make an Alpha
TCL module to call it.  It does recursive encryption of directories or
entire volumes, properly resolves aliases, and knows enough to keep you
from encrypting your own system file.  I've also got most of the work done on a compatible text editor which allows you to edit encrypted files without ever decrypting them to disk. All System 7 only. The only glaring
omission in the initial version will be no data compression, but I'd
rather get the thing out and add that later.
Expect aroud a month, maybe two before it's ready for beta. It will be
freeware, and come with source. I plan to post later to discuss establishing
a PGP key for my "software company" pseudonym, for source/executable Comments are solicited -- I'd be willing to modify or add things in response to cool flames...
                                 -- Will
(Sorry -- no signature on this one...)

@_date: 1993-10-21 11:22:48
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Colorado Cypherpunks 
Count another Colorado 'punk, Boulder. Writing code (slowly) for the Mac. That
pesky thesis keeps getting in the way...
                                 -- Will

@_date: 1993-10-21 17:02:53
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: !#??@%&&!!!! it! 
...and if somebody can kindly inform me how I can get my name in the
"From" line on my postings instead of "To cypherpunks at ..." I'll name
my firstborn child "Diffie-Hellmann  Kinney".
(I use elm).
                               -- Will

@_date: 1993-10-24 10:33:10
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
What's the point of resorting to contrived inducements to include signatures? If there's a real reason to do it, people will, and if not, they won't.
Perhaps we could just all by-and-large agree to sign posts? I'll start with this one...
                                 -- Will

@_date: 1993-10-25 23:39:54
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: POISONOUS TrEaCHeRy 
Look, everybody's right:
(1) Lying is bad.
(2) Nothing you can ever hope to do will prevent people from ignoring (1).
Jesus. Anybody who's ever had a lover should have learned this one real well
by now...
                                -- Will

@_date: 1993-10-27 18:22:41
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: I'm leaving cypherpunks 
I know I'm just a silly lurker, but I couldn't help but comment on this
I don't agree with everything that Bill said, but this here really hits
the mark. And the place where the social agenda of the cypherpunks is
most truly reflected is in how people interact with each other on the list.
I find it incredibly ironic that Bill Wells, not too long ago, got
roundly pasted by Detweiler over his practice of keeping track of True
Names on ASAR, and wrote convincinly in defense of his policies to the
I dropped him some e-mail at the time to tell him that there were actually
quite a few level heads around here, and that it seemed to me that the
'punks and ASAR were natural allies. Here is this guy running an anon
service on the net that actually means something vital to a lot of people
who don't have much in their lives that they feel they CAN count on, and
running it well. Here's a place where all this lovely talk could be
put to use where it counts. I don't have the expertise to do the kind of things this guy needs, but I've
been reading ASAR frequently of late -- all of you should be too, and
thinking about what anonymity is doing for the people who post there.
He got absolutely zip out of his association with the cypherpunks. And
we all passed up a terrific opportunity to be of real use to the world. Or
hasn't that occurred to anyone but me? Good job, folks. And Bill, sorry to see you go.
                                -- Will

@_date: 1994-01-15 11:03:05
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: SecureDrive 1.1 & 1.2 
Legal questions aside, one might hope that within the Cypherpunks at least there might be more of an ethic of respecting the wishes of an author. Edgar seems awfully casual about exposing other people to legal difficulties without their consent, and justifying that by some bullshit technicality doesn't change the reality of it one bit.
I for one am most unimpressed.
                              -- Will

@_date: 1994-01-16 17:48:15
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: PGP posting validation 
I have to say, I'm uncomfortable with this, not even _considering_ the ironic similarity some of the ideas brought up lately bear to LD's original points about True Names and reputation servers.
My point of view is that if the possibility of being spoofed is high enough, that should provide sufficient incentive to the the _poster_ to PGP sign his messages.
None of this, however, precludes offering auto-validation of signatures by the list software as a service to those who choose to avail themselves of                                 -- Will
(Feeling rather smug that I've been signing most of my posts for a

@_date: 1994-01-16 18:48:15
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: LD's "Contest" 
Detweiler froths:
Sorry, but I did laugh in spite of myself.
                             -- Will

@_date: 1994-01-17 06:38:59
@_author: W. Kinney 
@_subject: Explanation of "Snake Hunt" 
Don --
This is a little weird, ok? "Cypherpunks" is a cryptography mailing list.
One of the people from the list has been slowly going insane, becoming
convinced that everyone on the list from California are actually _one_
person posting through multiple identities in order to (a) take over the
world, (b) destroy the internet, and/or (c) drive him insane.
He refers to this supposed entity as "Medusa", and all his/her supposed
fake identities as "snakes" or "tentacles", and has been waging a
campaing of strange internet tricks to try to discredit all the supposed
fake "tentacles of Medusa".
The BUTT brain's (couldn't have put it better) name is L. Detweiler, and
his email address is ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu. Complaints to his
postmaster have met, appropriately, if unfortunately, with references to
the first amendment. But please get the word our to everybody in your
corner of the net that this guy is a nut. And flame his ass but good.
Have a swell day.
                                  -- Will
