
@_date: 1996-12-06 14:45:09
@_author: Ken Kirksey 
@_subject: "Family Channel" of the Internet? 
I had a rather interesting conversation today with a man who works for an individual who is getting into the ISP business. The guy freely admitted that he was not a technical kind of guy, and was only repeating what he had been told.  The gist of the conversation:  this company was going to try to position itself as, and I quote, "The Family Channel of the Internet" by going SurfWatch one better.  If you sign up with them as your ISP, you'll only be able to access sites that they have personally inspected and approved.  He said that they were going to do this, again I quote, "using the same encryption that Visa and Mastercard use."  The last statment pegged my bogometer, of course.  Now, since I know that I don't know everything about crypto, and I know even less about the inner workings of IP, I'm going to pose a couple of 1) Is it technically possible for them to limit access to only approved IP addresses?  If so, how can they do this, and is it possible to get around these measures.
2) What in the world would SET--I assume that was what he was talking about--have to do with this?
3) In general, how would you use crypto to ensure that your users only connected to approved sites, regardless of the platform or browser software they were using?
I asked the guy to send me some technical details.  If I receive them, I'll share unless he makes me sign an NDA.

@_date: 1996-03-23 01:26:52
@_author: Ken Kirksey 
@_subject: Mac Keystroke Capture 
I've always warned my network users and other clients against using software
that "protects" you from data loss by capturing your keystrokes, e.g.
NowSave, Last Resort, and Thunder 7's Ghostwriter feature.
NowSave 6.0 adds a new wrinkle to the problem, as I discovered yesterday
when I installed the Now Utilities 6.0 public beta.  NowSave 6.0 has
a new feature:  when you re-start your machine after a system crash, NowSave
automatically opens at startup a SimpleText file containing all the keystrokes
it captured before the crash.  My machine crashed yesterday during an
internet session, and when it re-started I was greeted with a SimpleText
window containing my internet account password, two CryptDisk passphrases,
and my PGP passphrase.  This is not a good thing.
But it could be a good thing, IMHO.  Most people install these programs
without realizing exactly what they do.  With this new version of Now Utilities,
users are likely to be greeted with a screenful of information, as I was,
that they would just as soon not have saved anywhere on their hard drive.
This kind of incident would, hopefully, encourage them not to use key capture
software.  One can only hope...
= Ken Kirksey             | If Pat Buchanan is elected President of the   =
= Mac Developer &         | United States, at least the trains will run   =
=  Resident Cypherpunk    | run on time.                                  =
= kkirksey at appstate.campus.mci.net                             - Me       =

@_date: 1996-11-21 07:08:41
@_author: Ken Kirksey 
@_subject: Why I Don't Read SF Much Anymore 
I still enjoy some of the "old stuff", but not in the same way that I did when I was younger. I read those works as period pieces now.  There is a certain romance in the Gersnbackian view of the future that I enjoy, especially in contrast to the Grim and Gritty (TM) "reality" of most modern and post-modern SF.  I still find Heinlein's juveniles to be fun reads, probably for this reason.  Ditto for Edgar Rice Burroughs's Mars Computers and networking may not be central to the story the author is trying to tell. And with the way things are going, computers and networking will become (some would say already have become) such an integral part of the culture that they don't warrant special attention.  Kinda like airplanes, automobiles, television, radio, microwave ovens, cellular phones, ad infinitum.  Computer Networks were a new and nove idea when _Shockwave Rider_ was written, but now with every car and cereal commercial on TV promoting a web site as well, it's not all that exciting anymore.
As far as keeping up with current SF, I, like others, don't seem to make as much time to read as I used to.  I rely on Gardner Dozios' annual _Year's Best Science Fiction_ anthology to keep me up to date and introduce me to new writers.  I've always enjoyed the stories he's chosen, some more than others, and he's introduced me to some great writers that I probably wouldn't have heard about otherwise: Greg Egan, Connie Willis, and Terry Bisson, to name a few.  Judging from your comments, I think you'd like Greg Egan, especially his novel _Permutation

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:49:36
@_author: Ken Kirksey 
@_subject: sci fi 
Heinlein used a few nyms.  His best stories were published under the names Robert Heinlein and Anson Macdonald.  The Heinlein/Macdonald split came about because John W. Campbell didn't want it to look like _Astounding_ was being dominated by one other, though the quailty of the stories was about the same. (All but a couple of dthe Future History stories were published under one of these names, but I don't remember which).  Heinlein used other nyms for stories of lesser quailty, or stories he sold to other markets in genres other than sf.   He created one nym to sell off stories that he described as "stinkeroos", and went so far as to get a separate PO Box in the name of this nym so that it couldn't be associated with Robert Heinlein.

@_date: 1997-01-09 13:36:54
@_author: Ken Kirksey 
@_subject: Key Escrow Good, GAK Bad 
I agree in principle, and I doubt I would ever use a key recovery system if I had a choice.  But, speaking as a network manager, I know that private key recovery (not GAK) can be an enhancement to security.  I'll give an example.  About a year ago, my boss wanted to protect his file of annual financial projections for the company from prying eyes on our Macintosh network.  I installed CurveEncrypt on his machine, showed him how to use it, and gave him the standard lecture on choosing a good passphrase.  I stressed that he needed to chose a passphrase easy to remember, because if he forgot it, there was no way to get his file back.
Well, he forgot his passphrase.  He spent an hour trying every combination he could think of, interjecting a curse here and there for color.  He is now totally off using encryption to protect sensitive information.  He refuses to use it, and he discourages anyone in the office from using it.  I know that his position is unfair, but he _is_ the boss, so he makes the rules.  And he is a typical computer user.  If your average joe forgets his passphrase and loses two days worth of work, he's not likely to encrypt his work again.  (Or he's likely to write down his passphrase in the future).  If we were using a Key Escrow system, this situation could have been avoided.  Yes, using a key escrow system is less secure that using a non-key escrow system, but I'd argue that using a strong key escrow system is better than using no encryption at all in situations like this.  Our network is less secure that it could be because of one user's bad
