
@_date: 2001-12-02 00:43:13
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
Defeat:  create a log buffer file of fixed size, logged activity changes
its contents, but not the size of the file.  E.g.:  a filesystem image
file under GNU/Linux.  Techniques could be used to maintain a constant
global MD5 checksum to defeat other detection attempts.
Manipulating file create/modify times is trivial under most OSs.
These measures can be taken for specific, high-security, messages.  Risk
profiles are not isomorphic in all circumstances.
Many of which are woefully poorly designed.  Zimmerman at ALS spoke of
one in which the key was stored in cleartext within the dongle, don't
recall the specific device.
The iPod's definitely an attractive target for portable computing, it's
also fairly robust (I bounced the demo off the hardwood floor of Apple's
Palo Alto store from about 4-5 ft.).  It appears you're just using it
for storage purposes.  Note that this still requires trusting the
environment to which the iPod is attached.
Various handhelds, particularly running an advanced OS (e.g.:
GNU/Linux), would be similarly attractive devices, readily kept on ones
person at most times, and support encrypted filesystems or files.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-12-02 22:15:20
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Empirically demonstrated, on eBay, per the Economist.  Premium content
Nutshell summary:  reputation nets a 6.8% price advantage (a photo gets
you 11.3%).

@_date: 2001-12-06 20:49:07
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Suit shuts down Indian Trust for security upgrade  (was Re: Slashdot | U.S. Department of Interior Ordered Offline) 
That's pretty poor reporting even for the combination of Choate &
    Wednesday December 5 8:27 PM ET
    Judge Shuts Down Indian Trust System
    By ROBERT GEHRKE, Associated Press Writer
    WASHINGTON (AP) - A judge acted Wednesday to protect hundreds of
    millions of dollars in a government-run trust fund for American
    Indians that has been found to be at risk of security breaches.
    The emergency order came a day after a report detailed how easily a
    court-appointed investigator was able to hack into the accounting
    system at the Interior Department and manipulate financial data. The
    government computer system is essentially a bank that manages $500
    million a year in royalties from land owned by 300,000 American
    Indians.
    But U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth said that Interior's system
    had no firewalls to prevent intrusions, systems to detect hackers,
    or auditing methods to determine if account information had been
    manipulated.
    ``You don't expect a thief to leave a calling card?'' Lamberth asked
    Justice Department (news - web sites) attorney Matt Fader.
    Fader said Interior Secretary Gale Norton had already ordered all
    Internet access to the system terminated while firewalls are
    installed.
Naturally, the private sector does far better.  I couldn't think of a
California pension management company that had similarly poor data
security procedures.

@_date: 2001-12-06 22:05:52
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: slavery in New Jersey 
on Fri, Dec 07, 2001 at 05:39:24AM -0000, Dr. Evil (drevil at sidereal.kz)
Unfortunately, the usual response is for Tim May to take a bead on you
for being altruistic and helpful to humanity.
I've taken to reflowing stuff locally.  My bounces to list were not well
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-02 17:22:20
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Napster execs needing culling 
on Fri, Nov 02, 2001 at 10:56:20PM -0000, Anonymous (nobody at hyperreal.pl)
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-04 19:47:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: FW: Damn ! I wish I'd though ot fhis myself 
on Sun, Nov 04, 2001 at 02:39:52PM -0800, Sandy Sandfort
Terminal velocity of dust is pretty low.
Reports are that the bulk of the WTC debris are same.  There are
structural components from the base of the towers, and debris from
neigboring buildings, which are more substantial.
Frankly, a modicum of HE attached to a guided device is more effective
There's a poetic sense to this, but not much military practicality.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-06 16:22:34
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Slashdot | The Return of Eric Weisstein's World Of Mathematics 
Big Biz sues helpful guy, and somewhat wins.
Eric's side of the story is here:
        What Happened to MathWorld
    It is no secret that one consequence of the explosion in the
    popularity of the internet and related electronic technologies is
    that many battles will be fought over how information is created,
    stored, and accessed. It is equally clear that we all have a stake
    in how these battles are decided.
    Below is an account of one such battle--the lawsuit served on me and
    Wolfram Research in the spring of 2000 by CRC Press LLC, a publisher
    that generations of scientists used to know as the Chemical Rubber
    Company. This lawsuit was instigated by CRC Press after I had
    contracted with them to print and distribute a "snapshot" of my math
    web site in book form. My goal in recounting how that contract went
    awry is to give others an opportunity to learn less painfully what I
    have learned--especially about the deep cultural divide that appears
    to be opening up between most, but I hope not all, book publishers
    and their potential customers and authors. In particular, many
    publishers seem unable to understand a new generation for whom
    dynamic web sites are rapidly becoming a primary medium--sometimes
    coequal with books, sometimes preferred over books--for gathering,
    extending, and sharing knowledge.
    [...]
    How MathWorld Came to Be
    I began collecting the material now found in MathWorld when I was in
    high school and continued the project as a college student in the
    late 1980s. As I collected the material, I stored my notes on my
    state-of-the-art Mac Plus personal computer and started sharing my
    collections of math and science facts with friends. "Eric's Treasure
    Trove of Mathematics," the predecessor site to MathWorld, first went
    online in 1995 when I was a graduate student in planetary astronomy
    at the California Institute of Technology.
    As the site became more widely known and used, dozens of
    contributors offered new entries. Hundreds of others from around the
    world offered technical advice, criticism, and kind messages. The
    web site was in a constant state of evolution. It was a hugely
    rewarding experience. The growing volume of comments and submissions
    from the diverse community of users made clear that what had started
    as a labor of love for me was becoming a major math and science
    resource for thousands, just as I had hoped.
    The Book: A "Snapshot" of the Evolving Web Site
    As the web site grew, I came to believe that a snapshot of its
    contents in printed form could be useful. I myself do not always
    have a computer at my fingertips. A book would also make the
    material accessible to precollege educators and people less
    comfortable with (or without access to) the internet. (For some of
    you it may require some imagination to conjure up the dark ages of
    1995, when web browsers were in their infancy and email was hardly
    the mass phenomenon it has since become.)
    [...]
    Tales of warm friendships between famous authors and their longtime
    editors are legendary. I imagined that publishers must have a
    natural interest in retaining the good will of their authors,
    especially authors of works likely to be revised and reissued in new
    editions.  When CRC agreed to publish the book, I therefore gave
    limited scrutiny to the boilerplate [38]publishing agreement they
    provided--especially since my editor, Bob Stern, characterized the
    contract as "very straight forward [sic] and easily understood." He
    assured me that its language and terms were standard in the
    publishing business. So I signed it.
    Lesson  (Where have you heard this before?): Never sign a contract
    until you feel that you understand and agree with, or at least
    accept, every clause in it. If you are not sure of the meaning or
    implications of any phrase or provision, find a lawyer experienced
    in your kind of project and take the lawyer's advice! (This lesson
    should be read repeatedly and committed to memory.) Also consult
    with authors' organizations, and make use of helpful online
    resources such as Wilfred Hodges's [39]mathematical copyright web
    page, a public page devoted to copyright issues in mathematical
    publications.
    CRC's agreement defined the contracted "Work" as "approximately 1400
    camera-ready manuscript pages and includ[ing] approximately 1200
    camera-ready illustrations to yield a completed work of
    approximately 1408 printed pages[.]" I understood this to mean that
    I was assigning to CRC the right to publish the typeset camera-ready
    text I had offered them.
    The Web Site and Its Relationship to Book Sales
    In late October or early November 1998, as the book adaptation
    neared final production, I received a phone call from Mr. Stern.
    Throughout this pre-publication period, my web site had been
    receiving a great deal of attention. I had posted on the web site an
    announcement of the imminent appearance of the CRC book; that
    announcement appeared to be generating a significant number of
    pre-release sales for the book. I thought things were going very
    well.
    But now Mr. Stern was on the phone asking me to remove portions of
    the web site content in order to create greater incentives for
    online users to purchase the book.
    [...]
    So I told Mr. Stern that I felt the web site was, on balance,
    creating sales for the book, not suppressing them. I was very
    reluctant to restrict free access to any contents of the web site.
    However, in November 1998, against my better judgment, I began to
    comply with Mr. Stern's request. At first I did this by randomly
    choosing a set of letters of the alphabet each day and blocking all
    entries starting with those letters. That way, some inconvenience
    was introduced into use of the web site, but no material remained
    blocked for long.
    [...]
    I began work at Wolfram Research on June 1, 1999.
    Stephen Wolfram and others suggested that the web site ought to give
    its users the ability to locate information based on a
    custom-tailored subject classification. A number of Wolfram Research
    staff joined me in developing an intuitive and powerful new
    graphical user interface that greatly enhanced the usefulness of the
    burgeoning content of the math web site.
    [...]
    CRC Fails to Promote the Book
    When the book was first released, CRC promoted it with what I
    thought was some vigor. However, as the months passed I grew
    increasingly disappointed with their efforts. Less than a year after
    its release, the book ceased appearing in CRC mailings that I
    received, including special ones for its "Most Popular Math Titles."
    I was also greatly disappointed that CRC had raised the price of the
    book twice within its first year, from the original $65, to $79.95,
    to $99.95. This seemed to undermine our original strategy of keeping
    the price low enough for students to afford.
    And it appeared to me that CRC had done little to get the book into
    bookstores. In fact, to date, I have only seen the book carried in a
    single bookstore: the campus bookstore of my highly atypical alma
    mater, the California Institute of Technology.
    CRC Sues Eric and Wolfram Research
    At the end of this conversation, Mr. Stern changed the topic. He
    told me that he had heard that my web site was now located at a
    Wolfram Research web address.
    [...]
    On March 8, 2000, I was greatly surprised when, after returning from
    lunch, I was informed that a sheriff's deputy was waiting for me in
    the Wolfram Research lobby.
    I was even more dismayed when he served me with a document naming me
    and my employer as defendants in a Federal copyright violation
    lawsuit.
    [...]
    How the Tail Came to Wag the Dog
    In their lawsuit, CRC claimed that the existence of the MathWorld
    web site "competes with and interferes and impairs with [sic] sales
    of the Concise Encyclopedia."
    They sought monetary damages from Wolfram Research. From me, they
    sought "not less than the advance and all royalties earned by
    Weisstein"--everything, in short, that they had ever paid me!
    Apparently impervious to irony, CRC at the same time acknowledged in
    its own court filing that the book was the company's best-selling
    mathematics title! (This, one month after Mr. Stern had "explained"
    to me that my book was a back list item that I should not be
    surprised to see dropped from its promotional materials.)
    Arguments that the web site was hurting sales of the book, in CRC's
    subsequent [43]motion to force us to shut down the web site, were
    completely contrary to the facts as I knew them and as I had tried
    repeatedly to explain to Mr. Stern.
    [...]
    And CRC also claimed, with a straight face, that "[44] ...the public
    will suffer no injury from a preliminary injunction because the
    Encyclopedia will continue to be available without interruption,
    from CRC Press".
    This argument, in particular, confirmed my worst fears that CRC's
    representatives had never understood the nature of my web site. They
    were blind to the interests of the thousands of you in our online
    community who had helped expand and improve it. They seemed
    completely oblivious of the fact that without you, there might not
    have been a book worth publishing.
    [...]
    Settling the Case
    [...]
    In addition to its "instant win," CRC will be paid annually for
    books they don't sell, according to a formula that both sides have
    accepted--although we continue to believe that any past or future
    failure to achieve projected sales is far more plausibly attributed
    to CRC's abysmal marketing efforts than to any abuse of the web site
    by people who want to have and hold snapshots of its contents. But
    in this life we do what we have to do--and what we are willing to
    do.
    There are a few other consequences of the settlement which are of
    interest to MathWorld readers. The first is that a copyright
    statement "© 1999 CRC Press LLC" (in addition of the © 1999-2001
    Wolfram Research, Inc. notice) now appears at the bottom of
    MathWorld entries that have a corresponding article in CRC's printed
    shapshot. Despite the fact the I (or volunteer contributors) wrote
    these entries, that CRC Press did nothing to support their creation
    or the creation of the web site in which they appear, and the fact
    that they existed in the web site long before they ever appeared in
    the printed version, the tail has truly come to wave this dog, and
    this copyright statement will henceforth be a constant reminder of
    this fact.
    Another important change is that, as part of the settlement
    agreement, CRC Press will now be given permission to create editions
    of the printed book based on future snapshots of the web site. As a
    result, CRC insisted that broad reproduction rights to all
    contributed material be secured. Furthermore, if we are not able to
    secure such rights, then Wolfram Research and I, at our own expense,
    must rewrite the entries in question from scratch for CRC to
    reproduce. This makes it extremely difficult for us to include any
    new contributed material on the web site unless we first secure
    permissions using CRC's [45]boilerplate permissions form. This form
    is endorsed by neither Wolfram Research nor myself, but as part of
    the settlement agreement, we are required to ask contributors to
    sign it. Since our goal is and always has been to provide your
    contributions on-line to the worldwide math community, we sincerely
    apologize for any inconvenience or imposition this CRC-mandated form
    may cause you.

@_date: 2001-11-06 17:28:09
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Slashdot | The Return of Eric Weisstein's World Of Mathematics 
I certainly don't have the full story.
Many lawsuits are ultimately settled by strategic assessment:  does it
make more sense to stand and fight, or to settle and avoid more legal
expenses.  Going up against a publishing beheamoth, the decision of Eric
Weisstein and Wolfram makes a certain amount of sense, particularly for
a risk-averse company (and virtually all companies are risk averse).
There's also the case of various organizations which have sued MAPS.
Simply doing so is largely a losing proposition.  There are effectively
two MAPS blacklists:  one you can get yourself off of by correcting a
situation, and one you'll never get off of by virtue of having reached a
"settlement" with the company.  named.conf files in domains I control
have authoritative entries for 247media.com, blackice.com, exactis.com,
experian.com, harrisinteractive.com, and liveprayer.com.  These are
hardcoded in countless systems, not maintained by MAPS and other
RBLs, and they're not negotiable.
The CRC / Information Holdings "victory" is likely to have two lasting
  - Other authors of useful online scientific sites are going to be far
    less likely to enter into agreements with the company, and if they
    do so, under terms other than the contract Eric initially signed.
  - The general press for scientific authors (particularly of
    peer-reviewed journal articles) to find terms other than permanent
    assignment of all (or at least substantive) copyright will increase.
I see this as a win battle / lose war scenario.
I also see a potential third scenario.  The MathWorld archive is largely
notable for two characteristics:
  - It's associated with Eric Weisstein, and benefits greatly from his
    stewardship.
  - Its true strength comes form the guided contributions of many
    individuals to the site.  It's not a product, it's a process.
One alternative may be for Eric to continue maintenance of existing
content on the MathWorld site, but to create a new site, independent in
name from MathWorld, to which user contributions are made.  Whether or
not this is possible depends heavily on the specifics of the CRC
settlement.  My feeling is that CRC/IH have slain their golden goose in
this case.

@_date: 2001-11-07 14:50:24
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Entertainingly dangerous spam - Access and use your PC from anywhe 
The feature isn't entirely unlike, say, ssh, or VNC tunneled through
same.  Poking around the vendor's website indicates that there is some
security offered.  Note that this doesn't mean that the feature *is*
secure, but remote access to computer systems in a controlled manner
*is* possible.  Naturally, insecure access is also possible, and access
via untrusted hardware or software may pose a real risk.

@_date: 2001-11-07 16:44:29
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Minneapolis, Nov 15: Fwd: [free-sklyarov] Bruce Schneier talk 
on Wed, Nov 07, 2001 at 09:34:36AM -0600, Jim Crumley (crumley at mail.com)
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-08 15:17:23
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
03:58:04PM -0500
on Thu, Nov 08, 2001 at 03:58:04PM -0500, Trei, Peter (ptrei at rsasecurity.com)
...and, as previously reported here, an age-old practice:
    It's an older practice than you'd think.  I just ran across the
    following while looking at some IBM history, regarding the
    "Hollerith Card":
    Maybe someone should propose a "three strikes" law for suicide terror
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-09 02:07:05
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: WashPost:  DoJ to monitor lawyer's calls 
Pointer from Dan Gillmor's SJMerc column.
   U.S. Will Monitor Calls to Lawyers
   Rule on Detainees Called 'Terrifying'
   By George Lardner Jr.
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   Friday, November 9, 2001; Page A01
    The Justice Department has decided to listen in on the conversations
    of lawyers with clients in federal custody, including people who have
    been detained but not charged with any crime, whenever that is deemed
    necessary to prevent violence or terrorism.
    Attorney General John D. Ashcroft approved the eavesdropping rule on
    an emergency basis last week, without the usual waiting period for
    public comment.  It went into effect immediately, permitting the
    government to monitor conversations and intercept mail between people
    in custody and their attorneys for up to a year at a time.
    The move, which the Justice Department said was necessary "in view of
    the immediacy of the dangers to the public," stunned defense lawyers
    and civil libertarians.  They assailed it as an unconstitutional attack
    on the right to counsel and, in the words of American Civil Liberties
    Union official Laura W. Murphy, "a terrifying precedent."
    The monitoring of attorney-client conversations is the latest in a
    series of extraordinary law enforcement measures the government has
    taken in response to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on New York and
    Washington.
    President Bush last week signed the USA Patriot Act, a bill that gives
    the government a freer hand to conduct searches, detain or deport
    suspects, eavesdrop on Internet communications, monitor financial
    transactions and obtain electronic records on individuals.  The
    administration also has promised to crack down on immigration
    violations, Congress is considering legislation to tighten airport
    security, and Ashcroft announced yesterday that he is reorganizing the
    Justice Department and FBI to concentrate on terrorism.
    Until now, communications between inmates and their attorneys have
    been exempt from the usual monitoring of social phone calls and visits
    at the 100 federal prisons around the country.
    According to a summary published in the Federal Register Oct. 31, the
    monitoring will be conducted without a court order whenever the
    attorney general certifies "that reasonable suspicion exists to
    believe that an inmate may use communications with attorneys or their
    agents to facilitate acts of terrorism."
    The definition of "inmate" previously covered only people in custody
    of the federal Bureau of Prisons, but it was changed to cover anyone
    "held as witnesses, detainees or otherwise" by INS agents, U.S.
    marshals or other federal authorities.  Since Sept. 11, the government
    has detained nearly 1,200 people, many on immigration violations.  The
    Bush administration has declined to say how many have been released.
    Explaining the new rule, the Justice Department said authorities "may
    have substantial reason to believe that certain inmates who have been
    involved in terrorist activities will pass messages through their
    attorneys (or the attorney's legal assistant or an interpreter) to
    individuals on the outside for the purpose of continuing terrorist
    activities."
    The president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers,
    Irwin Schwartz of Seattle, denounced the eavesdropping as "an
    abomination" and said it would be challenged in court at the first
    opportunity.
    "The Code of Professional Responsibility is quite clear: a lawyer must
    maintain confidentiality," Schwartz said.  "If we can't speak with a
    client confidentially, we may not speak with him at all.  And if we
    can't do that, the client is stripped of his Sixth Amendment right to
    have a lawyer."
    The Justice Department said it will set up "procedural safeguards" to
    protect the right to counsel.  Inmates and their attorneys will be
    notified "of the government's listening activities," and the
    monitoring will be done by a special "taint team" that will not
    disclose what it hears to federal prosecutors or investigators without
    approval by a federal judge, officials said.
    Records of clearly privileged information, such as a discussion about
    a client's defense, will not be retained by the monitors, the
    department said.  "Apart from disclosures necessary to thwart an
    imminent act of violence or terrorism, any disclosures to
    investigators or prosecutors must be approved by a federal judge," it
    added.
    The critics were not mollified.  "Who's going to be on the taint team?"
    asked Kate Martin, director of the Center for National Security
    Studies, a nonprofit group in Washington.  "The government says it's
    building a mosaic, processing thousands of bits and pieces of
    information that may seem innocuous at first glance.  How is the 'taint
    team' going to know if something a person says to a lawyer is part of
    the mosaic or not without sharing it with others?  This seems to be a
    useless safeguard.  What if they think what they overhear is in code?"
    Martin said monitoring of witnesses and others who have not been
    convicted would be "particularly outrageous." Murphy, who is director
    of the ACLU's Washington national office, agreed, saying, "the idea
    that this could be happening to innocent people is really disturbing."
    A lawyer's effectiveness, she added, can be dramatically diminished if
    the government is listening in, making a client fearful of disclosing
    all that the attorney needs to know to mount a forceful defense.
    The attorney-client eavesdropping authority is an addition to the
    "special administrative measures" the government has imposed on
    certain inmates since the World Trade Center bombing in 1993 and the
    bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995.  They include
    solitary confinement, interception of mail and restrictions on
    visitors and telephone calls.  But until Ashcroft signed the new
    regulation, they were limited to 120-day periods.  Now, all such steps
    can be ordered for a year at a time and renewed indefinitely at
    one-year intervals.
    Those under "special measure" regimes include Omar Abdul Rahman, the
    blind sheik convicted in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing; Abdul
    Hakim Murad and Wali Khan Amin Shah, convicted of conspiracy to blow
    up 12 civilian jumbo jets; Eyad Ismail and Ramzi Yousef, two others
    convicted in the WTC bombing; Wadih Hage, convicted of conspiring to
    kill Americans around the world; and Mohammed Saddiq Odeh and Mohamed
    Rashed Daoud Owhali, who were convicted in the 1998 bombings of the
    U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
    At a trial last June, an Algerian witness said Rahman issued a "fatwa"
    or religious ruling from prison, telling followers to "fight Americans
    and hit their interests everywhere."
    Staff researcher Lynn Davis contributed to this report.
    ) 2001 The Washington Post Company
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-15 17:19:41
@_author: kmself@ix.netcom.com 
@_subject: No subject 
has been stripped of all/certain attachments by DishnetDSL Mail server due to security reasons.
DishnetDSL allows only the following attachments:
1. .doc
2. .txt
3. .xls
4. .ppt
5. .pdf
6. .zip
Message contains attachments: ATT

@_date: 2001-11-16 13:40:52
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] OT: [postmaster@eth.net: Mail Delivery Status Notification] 
Yeah, that's me.
There are some PDF exploits I've heard of, not sure if they're
theoretical or not.  Postscript itself is not immune, as it's an
executable format itself.  There's discussion I've heard of Postscript
exploits which would be resident in printer networks.
Powerpoint's also got its problems.  ZIP is a panapoly which encompasses
a whole slew of formats.  And even good old .TXT is not secure if my
understanding of MSFT filehandling is right.  Associate .TXT with MS
Word, add a .TXT extension to a MS Word file with a macro virus, and
you're back to the root problem.  A similar issue exists with RTF files
if they're opened by MS Word by default -- the extension determines the
application, but not the method(s) used for opening the file.
I'm of the opinion that MIME has its uses.

@_date: 2001-11-17 15:15:08
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Crypto-Anarcho Capitalist Libertarian, per archives.  Shorthand for a
common, if not prevailing, political viewpoint among active listmembers.

@_date: 2001-11-17 15:29:04
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
This analysis neglects consideration of several points:
  - Nation-states (even authoritarian ones) will likely want to create
    both a sustained program, not merely crank out a few crude nukes,
    and preserve the talent involved.  One-offs are almost always easier
    to complete than a production effort, but the lowered total cost is
    offset by a higher unit cost.  The terrorist organization can
    accomplish its goals with crude tactics and marginally effective
    devices.  Credible military threat isn't as simple.
  - Credible military weapons have minimum requirements of both efficacy
    -- efficient use of supercritical energy -- and predictability --
    having the damned thing go off in the silo / bunker / hanger /
    munitions dump rather than the chosen target isn't particularly
    useful.
Tighter constraints => Longer fulfillment time.
The original US project, as described by Feynman, involved much
radiation exposure and high risks of criticality incidents at Oak Ridge,
some of which are documented in his biographical essay collections.  The
Hanford reservation is still a glowing waste zone, much of which greatly
postdates a fairly deep understanding of radiation hazards.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-17 23:40:42
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
One of my regrets is never having met Feynman.  I've enjoyed his works.
The risks I'm referring to are those resulting in his visits to Oak
Ridge at which he found that workers didn't know of, let alone
understand, the concept of criticality.
I believe the issue was covered at more depth in _Surely You Must be
Joking_ or _What do You Care What Other People Think_, but I've just got
Gleick's biography _Genius_ handy.  P. 198-199.  It's explicit that
Feynman was part of the assessment and solution of the situation:
    At Oak Ridge, where the first batches of enriched uranium were
    acculating, a few officials began to consider some of the problems
    that might arise.  One letter that made its way to Los Alamos from
    Oak Ridge opened, "Dear Sir, At the present time no provisions have
    been made in the 9207 Area for stopping reactions resulting from the
    bringing together by accident of an unsafe quantity of material...."
    Would it make sense, asked the writer -- a plant superintendent with
    the Tennessee Eastman Corporation -- to install some kind of
    advanced fire-extinguishing equipment, possibly using special
    chemicals?  [Robert] Oppenheimer recognized the peril waiting in
    such questions.  He brought in [Edward] Teller and Emilio Segre,
    head of the experimental division's radioactivity group.  Segre paid
    an inspection visit, other thorists were assigned, and finally the
    problem was turned over to Fenyman, with his expertise in
    critical-mass calculations.
    [A situation exacerbated by storage of "wet" uranium -- water being
    an effective damper, lowering requirements for a critical episode.]
    ....Through dozens of rooms in a series of buildings Feynman saw
    drums with 300 gallons, 600 gallons, 3,000 gallons....He relaized
    that the plant was headed toward a catastrophe.  At some point the
    buildup of uranium would case a nuclear reaction that would release
    heat and radioactivity at near-explosive speed....He laid out an
    detailed program for ensuring safety.  He also invented a practical
    method...that would let engineers make a conservative approximation,
    on the spoot, of the safe levels of bomb material stored in various
    geometrical layouts.  A few people, long afterward, thought he had
    saved their lives.
A more recent incident of similar nature was the Oct. 1, 1999,
Tokaimura, Japan incident in which at least 19 workers were exposed to
radiation from a critical mass of enriched uranium nuclear fuel, later
reports put the number as high as 667 workers and residents.
            Radiation levels reportedly reached 15,000 times normal levels 1.2
    miles from the site, too high to allow worke to approach the
    accident site. Residents within a 10 kilometer (six mile) radius of
    the plant have been told to stay indoors. The order affects close to
    300,000 people. About 160 were evacuated.
Two workers in the incident died as a result of radiation exposure,
Hisashi Ouchi, December 22, 1999, Masato Shinohara April 27, 2000.  The
third worker most directly exposed to the incident, Yutaka Yokokawa, was
released from hospital in December, 1999.
The direct cause of the Tokaimura incident appears to have been
corporate corner (and cost) cutting, sanctioned by the plants owners to
the extent it was part of documented procedure:
        The accident happened when workers preparing nuclear fuels mixed
    uranium oxide with nitric acid using a stainless steel container
    instead of a mixing apparatus. This shortcut was described in an
    illegal operating manual drafted by the company. The manual had
    never been approved by the supervising ministry, as was legally
    required. The procedure violated some of the most basic safety
    requirements that were well known in the nuclear industries since
    the early 1940s. By circumventing the mixing apparatus an excessive
    amount of nuclear fuel could be inserted at any one time, which lead
    to a nuclear chain reaction. Most likely the illegal shortcut was an
    attempt to save costs in order to be more competitive with foreign
    fuel suppliers. The shortcut had been used for seven or eight years
    before the accident happened. The three workers were performing this
    task for the first time and were wearing t-shirts instead of
    protective clothing and the required film badges to measure
    radioactive exposure.
The issue under discussion is long-term contamination resulting from
military nuclear projects.  Contamination at the Hanford facility has
been well documented; one quick cite:
        Hanford waste disposal practices throughout its production history
    were horrendously shoddy. Government officials estimate that as much
    as 450 billion gallons of contaminated liquid wastes were dumped to
    the soils. As a result, the groundwater under more than 85 square
    miles of the site is contaminated above current standards. Some of
    the most radioactive materials were stored in underground tanks,
    constructed of concrete and containing a carbon steel liner.  Of the
    177 underground tanks, 69 are acknowledged to have failed so far,
    and to have leaked radioactive and chemically toxic solutions to the
    soils, where they have migrated to the groundwater which feeds the
    Columbia River.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-19 13:56:26
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
You can't have it both ways.
You either have a gold standard, or you don't.  A fixed exchange either
means you have a government-retulated market for precious metals, or
your currency floats against the current valuation of metal.  Either
option raises concerns.
Any meaningful standard requires a linking of currency to gold.  You've
either got a standard or you don't.  If the requirement is for minimum
guaranteed reserves, then you can clearly hold more gold than is
required for floating currency (but why would you?).  However, as with
margin calls, fluctuations on either side of the equation could result
in a sudden harsh dealing with reality.
Prior to the abandonment of the gold standard by the US, the price, and
amount an individual could own, of gold were both set by the government.
There are those who argue that the US dollar is backed not by gold, but
by its real purchasing power.  This is composed of several things, three
among them being:
  - "The full faith and credit of the United States Government".  Not in
    its direct backing of the value of a dollar, but its managment of
    both government and money supply.
  - Industrial power.  Gold isn't itself directly useful (in most
    cases), it's an exchange medium.  As is money.  Backing one exchange
    medium with another seems like it perverts the principle of reducing
    intermediaries.  Gold values themselves can be adjusted by multiple
    actors, introducing another area of possible instability (though
    holders of east Asian currencies in the late 1990s will tell you the
    same holds for currency).
  - Faith.  Ultimately the value of an exchange medium is a widely-held
    faith that it is worth what it says it's worth, whatever that may
    be.  This is one of the more difficult aspects of currency to
    replicate in another system.  There are other rare and valuable
    things (metals, stones, grand-master paintings, stamps).  There are
    localized networks in with other media are accepted:  POs in a
    business context, checks, scrip, Mojo.  But acceptence outside the
    small group is limited.  There's also the nagging Art. 8, Sec. 8
    powers.
For a strong argument agaist the gold standard, see Brad DeLong's essay
on the topic:

@_date: 2001-11-25 14:53:16
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
First:  this is somewhat orthogonal:
  - Only a portion of the book is being copied.  This makes the
    reproduction cost significantly different from the sale cost of the
    authorized book.
  - Materials from many sources are being assimilated, raising total
    costs; and the holding period for the materials is generally short
    (the duration of a quarter or semester).  Production-quality
    bindings and archive-quality paper aren't required.
Second:  where exactly is this occuring?  You seem to indicate smaller
I worked at Kinko's during the period 1989 - 1992, largely serving UC
Davis.  This was during the period Kinko's was involved in a large
copyright infringement suit (Basic Books v. Kinko's, ultimately lost by
Kinko's to the tune of US$1.3m) over the issue of "Professor
Publishing", the coursepack preparation service.  As Tim indicated, this
was a core of Kinko's business model from the company's founding in
Santa Barbara in the early 1970s.
Kinko's, at least, of major copy centers, has significantly revised its
processes, both securing copyright clearance on more (most?) of the
materials, and deemphasizing the role of Professor Publishing within
At the time I left the company, there was a strong awareness for all
employees about making unauthorized copies (and you'll occasionally hear
stories about people who're denied service to copy materials they own),
at least when this is done "behind the counter".  What customers did in
the self-serve area was largely unregulated.
Care to name any of the shops at which this was occuring?  Kinko's,
AlphaGraphics (are they still around?), and other high-profile repro
shops tend to have fairly strong policies regarding unauthorized
copying.  The same tends to extend to copy centers run by colleges and
universities.  Smaller, privately held shops tend to play faster and
In the case of Kinko's, the covered materials were most if not all in my
experience, with a sheet listing clearances added to packs by the time
I'd left.  There's also the Copyright Clearance Center (CCC:
 formed in the 1970s, which has played a
significant role in recent photocopy copyright infringement claims as,
as its existence has "removed any excuse for unauthorized copying"
(Paul Goldstein, _Copyright's Highway_, Hill & Wang, 1994).
Peace.  Tim May excepted.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:06:54
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
on Mon, Nov 26, 2001 at 05:21:07PM -0800, georgemw at speakeasy.net
No, actually, you probably came out about $1.60 ahead.
"Farebox recovery" -- the amount of a transit system's expenses that are
covered by direct rider payments -- tends about 30% - 40% of expenses.
This varies widely, a sparsely-attended rural service might rate 10%
returns, typical suburban service 15-20%, a well-served metro transit
system might come as high as 50-55%.
You're also neglecting the possibility that the fare might not have been
a whole cow, but just cost you an arm and a leg.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-11-30 18:07:32
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Cattle Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
on Tue, Nov 27, 2001 at 06:52:04AM -0800, David Honig (honig at sprynet.com)
No.  Etruscan T-Bills.  Fertilized eggs.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 12:09:25
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 08:37:30AM -0700, Subcommander Bob (bob at black.org)
...let's look at the bright side.
Afghanistan isn't a Balkan state....
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 12:32:52
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 11:57:18AM -0700, georgemw at speakeasy.net
Electric vehicles are far more efficient idlers than ICE vehicles.
Idling is essentially paying the oil companies for the privilege of
sitting still.  It's not an inconsequential cost.
Other congestion costs are not as attributable to oil, but direct
combustion is.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 15:34:13
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: NYPOST.COM World News: DATA POURING IN FASTER THAN NSA CAN DECIPHER IT By GREG SEIGLE 
A suggestion I've made before in other circles:
   Open source the data.
There are clearly a few wrinkles to be worked out, but there are some
inflection points that can be used to define the task:
  - Open sources intelligence -- data gathered from publicly available
    data -- may be distributed without fear of compromising sources.
  - Court-of-law doctrines don't apply:  there's no need to tell the
    truth, the whole truth, or nothing but the truth.  Information can
    be selectively withheld.  Disinformation may be submitted.  Details
    may be distorted.  Scenarios may be projected for the purpose of
    analyzing possible outcomes.
  - Covert intelligence may also be selectively leaked, with or without
    intentional modifications and/or origin masking.   - The leaks need not be made under the auspices of the US (or allied)
    intelligence services, but could be injected anonymously or
    pseudonymously into existing discussions on Usenet, Webboards,     mailing lists, Internet indices such as Google, the press, or other
    channels.  One of the natural problems is identifying *useful* discussion
forthcoming.  Some existing channels have meaningful ways  of
idnetifying useful or more meaningful content (proxies such as user
tracking, or direct measures such as moderation, preference indication,
or collaborative filtering).
One of the first discussions I had with a friend following the 9/11
attacks was the similarities between terrorist organization and the free
software movement:  decentralized operations which are difficult to
locate and/or isolate.  On reflection, I decided that the distinctions
were more meaningful.  One of the great strengths (and a frequent
criticism) of the free software community is that it is *so* open and
deliberative.  In particular, organized criticism or oposition often
finds itself buried under an onslaught of response.  Witness many
journalists with a Microsoft bent and their complaints of the seething
unwashed GNU/Linux hoards, or this past weekends conclusive denunciation
of W3C for proposing and promoting a highly free-software unfriendly
licensing policy.  By contrast, the opponents of free software must
communicate out of band, covertly.  One of the advantages of the forces opposed to terrorism is that a very
large portion (though granted:  not all) of their communications can be
free and open.  This increases pathways of intelligence analysis and
Worth considering?

@_date: 2001-10-01 15:53:51
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Just Say "So?" 
There's an alternative formulation:
   Don't just do something.  Stand there.
The gist is the same.  Senseless activity isn't justified by virtue of
being activity.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-01 15:56:53
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Text of Ashcroft Anti-Terrorism act? 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 930 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-02 15:17:22
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 05:19:09PM +0100, Ken Brown (k.brown at ccs.bbk.ac.uk)
The Heppenheimer book cited here previously posited a catcher fabricated
out of bulletproof material, in lunar orbit.  Of roughly conical form,
and rotating about its axis, material launched via railgun from the
lunar surface would be caught, then ferried to an L4 or L5 construction
point.  Heppenheimer's scenario envisioned using pellet shooters as
reaction mass.  Matter flux in orbit is such that operations could be carried
out for extended periods of time with no perceptable increase in
micrometeorite impacts.
For loosly aggregated masses, possibly even larger:  they'd simply
disintegrate in orbit.  Though try to justify the low odds to the poor
sap who *does* happen to be in the wrong place.
Lunar material has an albedo of about 3%.  Its radar signiture may be
better.  But there isn't currently a tracking system that's designed to
detect large amounts of new orbit insertions.  Yes, we track dead
satellites, lost space hardware, and the odd glove.  Hundreds of
thousands of stone-tossings, I'm not so sure.
Cities can't run.  Their populations can.  But it would take a day or
two for a typical US conurbanation.  The infrastructure remains
particularly vulnerable.
Better yet:  water strike.
If you're particularly devious, aim for an unstable undersea slope
seismic region.
Heinlein's good history here, particularly if you're into harsh
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-02 17:33:39
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 07:11:19PM -0500, Neil Johnson
Works from here.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-03 12:29:09
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 11:00:04AM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Note that there are a relatively small number of Googles on the Net.
This is a point that was brought forth pointedly at John Wharton's ee380
seminar at Stanford last spring, during Rhonda Hauben's seminar "Usenet
and the Usenet Archives The Challenges of Building a Collaborative
Technical Community"
    Specifically, the Usenet community became used to the Deja News
archives, to the extent that many independent archives of specific
newsgroups or collections of groups were deactivated, relying instead on
While comprehensive archives are useful, *single* comprehensive archives
present a point of failure and control.  The Net would be advised to
develop multiple Google alternatives.  And I say this as quite the fan
of Google....
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-03 14:35:25
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer (fwd) 
on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 04:18:56PM -0500, CDR Anonymizer (cpunks_anon at ssz.com)
I'm getting mail w/o a "To" line of:
    To: cpunks_anon at einstein.ssz.com
I'm looking for an effective procmail filtering rule.  As I'm subscribed
to LNE, I'm currently filtering on:
    :0:
    * ^Sender: owner-cypherpunks at lne.com
    cypherpunks
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-03 16:00:15
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Nifty secret bank system 
on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 03:25:33PM -0700, Steve Schear (schear at lvcm.com)
For some, cost of transfer is a secondary consideration to secrecy, and
possibly sufficient to keep a significant underground network active.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:15:36
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [ISN] CRYPTO-GRAM SPECIAL ISSUE, September 30, 2001 (fwd) 
It's an older practice than you'd think.  I just ran across the
following while looking at some IBM history, regarding the "Hollerith
        Hollerith claimed he got [the punched data card] idea from "punch
    photograph cards" used by rail road officials. Used to prevent the
    theft of railroad tickets from passengers, conductors would "record"
    the physical characteristics of the ticket owner (e.g. eye color,
    hair color) by punching specially marked areas on the edge of the
    card. Hollerith used holes punched through the card, not on the edge
    of the card.

@_date: 2001-10-05 18:09:45
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: PATRIOT bill, Leahy's USA 
on Fri, Oct 05, 2001 at 11:27:54PM +0000, citizenq at hushmail.com
I searched for 'terrorism' at the Thomas online legislative index a
couple of days ago.  Over 50 items returned.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-05 21:13:38
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: OT: Could you survive? advanced survival skills test 
on Fri, Oct 05, 2001 at 05:01:37PM -0700, David Honig (honig at sprynet.com)
Try Death Valley in the winter time.  You have to worry about both.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-05 23:11:28
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Anthrax found in Florida 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1944 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-08 12:46:33
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: What color are anthrax spores anyway? 
Note that a known issue with BioChem WOMD attacks is sympathetic
incidents -- people who report for observation, with or without
symptoms, who aren't themselves directly effected.  One NPR interview
gave this as being eightfold the actual number of directly effected
victims.  This has substantial implications for preparedness and medical
response requirements.

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:25:35
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: fwd: New fashion trend 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1042 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-08 19:27:53
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2249 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:21:37
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
Pneumonia is a symptom, not an infectuous agent, describing an
inflammation (and often accumulation of fluids) in the lungs.  Mortality
is high unless treated, frequently with antibiotics.  Infectious agents
include bacteria, viruses, and fungi.  Noninfectious causes include oil
aspiration, radiation, chemicals, vegetable dusts, and silo-filler's
disease (Source:  Taber's Cyclopedic Medical Dictionary). Legioniare's disease is caused by a bacterial infection:
        Legionellosis is an acute bacterial disease caused by Legionella
    pneumophila, a poorly staining, Gram-negative bacillus commonly
    found in water. Of the fourteen currently recognized serogroups of
    L. pneumophila bacteria, serogroup 1 is most commonly associated
    with outbreaks and sporadic cases of legionellosis. Legionellosis
    may occur in two primary forms: Legionnaire's disease and Pontiac
    fever. Legionnaire's disease is the most common form of
    legionellosis.

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:43:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: DC Metro spray bottle scuffle (was Re: More biochem terror?) 
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:47:59PM -0500, Roy M. Silvernail (roy at scytale.com)
Let's try to post with some specificity as to location and details,
subject updated.
NPR was reporting this at ~12 noon PDT, describing the fluid as perfume,
with no known BioChem agents detected.  Reactions were described, note
that placebo effect is likely to be high.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 15:16:26
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Fwd: [free-sklyarov] Fwd: Smell Test for a Certain Unconfirmed 
Following post calls to question the legitimacy of the Cryptome RIAA
meeting report.  Others have expressed doubts as well.  I don't agree
with most of its points (see free-sklyarov archives for my response),
but would appreciate back-propogation to point of origin for response.
John, anything you can do?
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:16:20PM -0400, Seth Johnson
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 15:44:12
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:52:56PM -0700, Eric Cordian
Reference?  I'm listening to the News Hour w/ Jim Lehrer where current
commentary includes the letter.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 16:14:11
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1386 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-09 17:14:11
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards in profiling 
You are what you eat? Federal agents are tracking suspects tied to
    the Sept. 11 strikes through supermarket club cards that may give a
    hint of ethnic tastes. "Time was, this data was so disorganized
    nobody could make sense of it, but not anymore. They're looking for
    people based on their supermarket tastes," says consultant Larry
    Ponemon, head of the Privacy Council business consortium. "Trouble
    is, there's so much bad data out there, and how do your know if
    someone eats like a terrorist?" he asks.
Also (and source of above):
        What Do You Buy At The Grocery ... Punk?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 17:38:01
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Any Reason I Should NOT Killfile Choate? 
06:48:03PM -0500
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 06:48:03PM -0500, Incognito Innominatus
I'd appreciate at least a paragraph of context and subject line with
URLs.  Otherwise, his posts are useful.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-09 20:27:58
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
I'm just one of the dilettants posting here out of ignorance for some
free research on the part of the rest of you.
Who needs untraceable anonymity when throwaway pseudonymous accounts
should suffice?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-10 16:00:51
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
Documentation on sitings out of DC?  This wasn't part of Smith's
C'mon, it's the Register...
OK, they usually do better.

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:35:00
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Who speaks for the detained 
At last nights "BayFF" public meeting on pending anti-terrorist
legislation, John Gilmore made what I felt was a very good point in the
   Who is representing the 500+ people detained in the ongoing Sept. 11
   investigation?
Even assuming the Feds are being good at picking up people fitting
profiles, there are doubtless innocents in the detained group.  My
understanding is that most are being held as material witnesses, under
immigration rules (recently revised), not formally charged with any
crime -- and hence not eligible for public defenders.
The two panelists representing general civil rights causes, Robert Rubin
(Legal Director, Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights of the SF Bay Area)
and Ann Brick (Staff Attourney, ACLU of Northern California) were
disturbingly uninformed on the issue, Ann's comment was "nobody's
contacted us" (well, um, yes...).
As the names of the detainees haven't been released (this might
compromise the investigation), yet the detainees may not have access to
council, this seems to be, as one audience member commented, a catch-22.
Press coverage on this topic is sparse at best.  I've found one Yahoo
story dating from Oct 2 which claims the detainees "were permitted to
consult a lawyer" and were provided "documents in their native
    Anyone here have data on the situation?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-12 09:32:43
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: bunkerbuster: not just for nukes 
on Fri, Oct 12, 2001 at 03:58:36AM -0700, citizenQ (citizenQ at ziplip.com)
That's my read.
Several press articles mentioned the GBU-28, and Rumsfeld mentioned it
(or was asked about it) specifically in a press conference Wednesday or
Thursday (NPR's on continuous-feed mode here).  The only reference I saw
to the B62-11 specific to the current conflict was a Wired article "Nuke
'Em From On High"
    The device itself is nuclear (not merely a d-u casing, in fact I don't
see d-u mentioned at all), with yields from 300T - 300KT, in a focussed
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-12 15:01:09
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Feingold amendment 
on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 11:55:25PM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Herblock thought so (thanks to Dan Gillmor):
    Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-13 17:29:17
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: F.B.I. Did Not Test Letter to NBC or Immediately Notify 
remailer on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 04:40:02PM -0700
on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 04:40:02PM -0700, AARG! Anonymous (remailer at aarg.net)
That was utterly unreadable.  Please format posted material such that
it's legible.
    October 13, 2001
    F.B.I. Did Not Test Letter to NBC or Immediately Notify
    City Hall
    By JENNIFER STEINHAUER and JIM DWYER
    Although the F.B.I. was notified on Sept. 25 about suspicious
    letters sent to NBC, neither the letters, nor the powder residue
    inside them were tested until nearly two weeks later, and then only
    because a private doctor notified city public health officials about
    a troubling skin condition in the news assistant who had handled the
    mail, officials acknowledged yesterday.
    In fact, the F.B.I. laboratory neither performed nor sought any
    tests on the powder or the skin samples taken from the employee,
    identified as Erin M. O'Connor, a 38-year-old assistant to Tom
    Brokaw.
    "That, unfortunately, did not take place," said Barry W.  Mawn,
    assistant director in charge of the F.B.I.'s New York office.
    He also said the agents had intended to interview Ms.  O'Connor soon
    after they learned of the case, but did not, for reasons he did not
    explain.
    F.B.I. officials said investigators picked up the envelopes on Sept.
    26, the day after NBC security officials called the agency. New York
    City officials were not informed of the preliminary inquiry until
    days later.
    Indeed if the Health Department had not been alerted to the case by
    a private doctor, it might well have hibernated in the F.B.I. files.
    Mr. Mawn said yesterday that the agency had to investigate dozens of
    threats, scares and false alarms, and that is how this case was
    initially treated. Since Sept. 11, when the two planes slammed into
    the World Trade Center, city and federal law enforcement officials
    have received hundreds of reports of menace and foul play ranging
    from bomb threats to chemical attack scares.
    The discovery of a case of apparently deliberate anthrax poisoning
    in the heart of New York City is just the latest in a string of
    terrifying events that have challenged the law enforcement and
    health care infrastructure in the last month. It pushed health care
    officials to nail down a pathogen that most of them had no
    experience with.
    And it once again tested the fragile relationship that has always
    existed between the New York City Police Department and the F.B.I.,
    agencies that are forced to work in tandem on unprecedented and
    constantly evolving crimes.
    "Information sharing between the F.B.I. and the N.Y.P.D.  has always
    been poor," said one person who has worked closely with both
    agencies. "There is often a lack of willingness on the F.B.I.'s part
    to share information, although it is getting better. As they move
    forward, clearly the F.B.I. is going to have to be more
    forthcoming."
    In this case, Mr. Mawn said, the gravity of the situation was not
    fully appreciated by the federal authorities until recently.
    On Sept. 25., Ms. O'Connor handled a letter postmarked from St.
    Petersburg, Fla., filled with white powder, according to law
    enforcement officials. She also handled a second letter containing a
    sandy substance. Network officials, immediately suspicious, called
    the F.B.I., which picked up the letters the next day.
    Then, the agency began to prepare a cover letter for its own
    laboratory indicating that the substances needed to be tested, but
    the letter was never completed and the evidence was never sent from
    the F.B.I.'s office in New York to its laboratory, said Joseph
    Valiquette, an F.B.I. spokesman.
    He added that some delays happened because investigators were unable
    to interview Ms. O'Connor to supplement the cover letter. "We wanted
    to send a complete package to the laboratory," said Mr. Valiquette.
    So none of it was sent. Mr. Valiquette said he did not know why the
    F.B.I.  could not speak with Ms. O'Connor, who works in Rockefeller
    Plaza and lives in the metropolitan area.
    On Sept. 28, Ms. O'Connor developed a strange sore on her chest.
    Nervous, she went to see Dr. Richard Fried, a Manhattan infectious
    disease specialist, said Dr.  Annetta Kimball, the doctor covering
    for Dr. Fried, who could not be reached last night.
    Armed with the description of the rash   which she described as
    central scarring surrounded by a lot of swelling   the doctor likely
    consulted his textbooks to nail down what was going on. Dr. Kimball
    said that Dr.  Fried suspected that his patient had been exposed to
    anthrax, and immediately prescribed Cipro.
    "There is a good chance he had never seen anthrax before," said Dr.
    Kimball. "This is New York City, not an agricultural area." He also
    took cultures from a wound Ms. O'Connor developed, but those swabs
    were negative for anthrax, she said.
    At some point, officials and Dr. Kimball said, the patient visited a
    dermatologist.
    One of those doctors notified the city's Health Department on Oct. 6
    of a possible case of anthrax. The city has among the most
    sophisticated epidemiologists and public health labs in the country.
    Mr. Valiquette said that the F.B.I. learned from the city's Health
    Department that "this was an issue." The substance eventually made
    its way to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in
    Atlanta, which went to unusual lengths to identify it. There was
    little powder to work with, and a power failure in the lab halted
    the work for nearly a day, said Dr. James M. Hughes of the C.D.C.
    "None of this ever did go to the F.B.I. lab," he said.
    One of the Ms. O'Connor's doctors ordered a skin biopsy, which was
    sent to the C.D.C. But by the time the tissue was taken, the patient
    had begun taking an antibiotic to counter possible anthrax. As
    intended, that drug degraded the cellular structure of the bacteria.
    On Wednesday, the city was informed of the case under investigation.
    The C.D.C. was able to identify the spores of anthrax, and officials
    were informed of the results early yesterday morning.
    Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced the first confirmed case of
    anthrax yesterday morning at NBC.
    He was described by a person who was with him early yesterday as
    being "three feet off the ground" when he learned that the F.B.I.
    had not brought word of the developments to city officials earlier.
    Mr. Mawn acknowledged that investigators revisited the case after
    learning of the concerns of the health officials. "A second
    notification came through to the Department of Health, at which time
    the evidence response people and the F.B.I. also became involved
    with it. It was initially assigned to two agents that just covered
    the lead. And upon that, it was immediately submitted for tests. As
    you know and as the mayor has talked about, those tests were
    initially negative."
    Yesterday, The New York Times received a letter filled with white
    powder that was addressed to a reporter, Judith Miller. The Times
    notified the mayor's office, and city and F.B.I. officials responded
    immediately.  Tests for radioactive and chemical substances were
    negative, and results from a more definitive test for anthrax DNA by
    state and federal labs were expected over the weekend.
    Coordinating the efforts of the various law enforcement and public
    health officials is proving tricky   there have been dozens of bomb
    and other threats around the city since Sept. 11, and the city,
    which investigates each case, cannot inform the public or other
    agencies about each one. Just yesterday, the city heard of about a
    half dozen cases of suspicious powder or envelopes that it is
    investigating, the mayor said.
    "If there was a problem, it was in the way they first investigated
    it," one Police Department official said of the F.B.I.'s
    performance.
    But there was some concern last night among health care experts
    about the delay in the testing. The inability of the agency to
    identify the substance was "not very comforting," said one C.D.C.
    official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. "That is a little
    disappointing, to say the least."
    Anthrax spores, if kept under appropriate conditions sealed and
    unexposed to lots of light   can be preserved for years, said Jerome
    M. Hauer, the former director of the Office of Emergency Management
    and currently managing director of Kroll Inc., an investigation
    firm.  He added: "You don't want them sitting around. In this
    environment, you hope there is good information sharing, especially
    when it involves biological agents."
    Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company | Privacy Information
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-13 18:40:20
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Anthrax Theater opens in San Jose 
on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 06:07:22PM -0700, Steve Schear (schear at lvcm.com)
URL:  SJ Mercury News, source:  AP.  Also a UAL London-DC flight.
        Plane quarantined at San Jose International Airport
    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- About 80 passengers were held aboard a
    United Airlines jet that arrived Saturday afternoon from Chicago
    after a man reportedly stood up in mid-flight and released a powdery
    substance into the air ventilation system.
    Police, FBI and emergency crews were at the scene setting up a
    decontamination tent for the passengers of United Airlines Flight
    1669 from Chicago.
    ``There was apparently a report of a middle eastern male who went to
    the rear of the plane and opened up an envelope. It had some powder
    in it and it went through the air duct system,'' said San Jose
    police department spokesman Rubens Dalaison.
    The witness and the man who allegedly dispersed the powder were
    taken off the plane and were being decontaminated at about 5:00 p.m.
    Fire department personnel took air samples from inside the United
    Airlines Airbus 319 craft to determine if any toxic agents were
    present, Dalaison said.
    Airport spokesman Jim Peterson said someone from flight crew radioed
    ahead to the San Jose tower at about 2:30 p.m. and told them that a
    witness reported seeing a man open up an envelope and disperse an
    unknown substance into an air vent.
    The incident came as anthrax scares spread throughout the United
    States. In Boca Raton, Fla., five more tabloid employees at the
    American Media Inc. building tested positive for exposure to
    anthrax, a company spokesman announced Saturday.
    At Washington's Dulles International Airport, a spokeswoman said a
    powdery substance found in a restroom on a United Airlines plane
    from London was being tested at an Army laboratory in Maryland.
    Spokeswoman Tara Hamilton said the flight was met Saturday by a
    hazardous materials team and FBI agents, who determined that 17
    people out of 216 passengers and 14 crew members had used the
    bathroom.
    The 17 passengers were detained and preliminary decontamination
    steps were taken on them, which Hamilton said consisted for most
    part of washing their hands.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-14 14:14:57
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [OT] Anthrax protocol issued. 
Could you please try posting *legible* content?  This is utterly

@_date: 2001-10-14 15:16:38
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [OT] Anthrax protocol issued. 
I'm always willing to learn from a master of the art.
A minute with vi will clean it up markedly.  It's a common courtesy.
Naturally, the intersection of same with cpunks returns a small set.

@_date: 2001-10-14 16:55:45
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [OT] Anthrax protocol issued. 
Cleaned up.
on Sun, Oct 14, 2001 at 12:48:21PM -0500, measl at mfn.org (measl at mfn.org)
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-14 17:45:25
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Post formatting (was Re: MIME cruft vs. straight ASCII 128) 
Nope.  Pulling the same lne.com feed Tim is.  There were a number of odd
nonstandard characters (resolved as + S, R, and W, mostly "smart
quotes"), and in general poor linewrapping / spacing.  That -S
character is particularly annoying to root out on a GNU/Linux system.
My general list formatting preferences are pretty vanilla:
  - 72 character lines.
  - Postfix (reply-after-quote) response.
  - Attribution lines corresponding to quoted content.
  - Quoted-line prefix, preferably '> ' or '>'.
  - Standard ASCII content, as opposed to extended charactersets, HTML,
    or proprietary document formats.
The growing disregard of such conventions in many contexts is a growing
annoyance of the Net.
I happen to prefer signing messages per RFC 2015, and it's largely
habitual.  As lne.com de-mimes such attachments, this shouldn't be an
issue for much of this list.  I'm not an absolutist on MIME and extended
character sets, believing there are appropriate uses.   I'm satisfied
with the recent coverage of this topic here, no need to elaborate.
My point regards formatting:  in the majority of cases, a few moments
with a text editor is sufficient to greatly increase readability of of
posted content.  I happen to use vim, and can untangle most posts in
under a minute.  This is a matter of respect:  one person's doing so
saves the remainder the effort.  I've noted that the posts I've bounced
to list reformatted tend to gather response where originals don't.
I also prefer to denote cited text via indentation as:
    an example of a block
    of cited text.
I don't believe these are extraordinary preferences, and even sustpect
Mr. May may agree with me on several.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-16 16:23:02
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Internation Patent Law doesn't apply to USG? 
on Tue, Oct 16, 2001 at 02:45:36PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf at priori.net)
To the best of my knowledge, patent law is not uniform internationally,
certainly not to the extent copyright law is.  In the US, both patent
and copyright are powers granted to, not obligations required of,
Congress.  There is prior precedent for lifting patent protections,
usually as anti-trust settlements.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-16 17:17:14
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
So the 1960s-70s really *was* a time warp.
I tend to see things as more cyclycal myself.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-17 12:24:09
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Sen. Gregg changes his mind, won't introduce 
Oct 17, 2001 at 09:34:09AM -0700
on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 09:34:09AM -0700, mmotyka at lsil.com (mmotyka at lsil.com)
Or Bugtraq.
This is a real concern, yes.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:51:40
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 08:24:47PM -0500, Harmon Seaver
Ping-pong.  Not half bad at baseball and basketball either.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-19 02:21:44
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
This suggestion turned up on Kuro5hin, a web discussion site (Slashdot's
baby brother):
    If you want to sterilize your mail, simply place the unopened
    envelope on an ironing board and place a damp, thin cloth on top of
    it. Then iron it. Yes, iron it. Just like you would iron your pants.
    The damp heat will kill any bacteria, including anthrax, inside the
    envelope, and you will be safe.
    Probably more accessible to most of the population (and workplaces) than
claves, pressure cookers, or irradiation equipment.
Anyone have thoughts or (?) knowledge on efficacy, or guidelines on how
long the heating should last for decontamination?
The obvious terrorist counter-countermeasure would be to add a
heat-activated agent to the weapon.

@_date: 2001-10-19 15:13:02
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
I bathe regularly.  All else is gloss.
Black and Decker "Light 'n' Easy" iron, cotton dishtowl (folded quarto),
"Good Cook" dial thermometer inserted under top fold.  With four
minutes' preheat, temperature is off the scale (220°F), extrapolating,
it looks to be 270°-280°F.  After about two minutes, there's a slight
yellowing of the dishtowel.
The filtration offered by an envelope and moistened towel should
minimize this.
References online suggest that claving cycles are ~2h at 140°C+.  A WHO
document on animal carcass processing suggests rendering cycles range
from 10-60 minutes, though whether or not this is sufficient to
disinfect the carcasses isn't clear from a quick read.      I'd say that for paranoics with a low risk threshhold, ten minutes of
steam might provide some assurance.  And neatly creased correspondence.
It's a bit hard on the pre-approved credit cards though.

@_date: 2001-10-19 16:13:19
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
Above mistranslates ISO-8859-1 encoded \260 (octal), the degree sign, as
a zero.
Temperatures should read 220 F, 270 F, and 280 F, not thousands of

@_date: 2001-10-19 17:27:26
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Inflation 
on Fri, Oct 19, 2001 at 04:41:28PM -0700, mmotyka at lsil.com (mmotyka at lsil.com)
As previously posted, an iso-8859-1 to ASCII encoding error.  The degree
symbol was converted to a zero.  Divide values by 10.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-20 12:29:32
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
Thanks, wasn't aware of that.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-20 13:08:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2385 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-20 16:13:44
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
on Sat, Oct 20, 2001 at 05:48:44PM -0500, Harmon Seaver
    California, Maryland, New York, Ohio, Texas, and Wisconsin, notably.
See also:  [From California SB 1447, 1992, the "Privacy Act of 1992"]
    SECTION 2: INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM DRIVER'S LICENSES
    This section requires the written consent of a consumer for a
    business entity to (1) sell information obtained from the consumer's
    driver's license or (2) use such information to advertise goods or
    services.
    The section is intended to cover instances where a consumer presents
    a driver's license or identification card for identification
    purposes during a business transaction.  The section is not intended
    to prevent businesses from using driver's license information for
    business record-keeping, or for other purposes related to the
    transaction (i.e. authorizing a transaction).
    The section is not intended to change existing law with respect to
    the ability of businesses to obtain driver's license information
    from other sources (such as DMV records).
    The need for this section is heightened by the new "magstripe"
    drivers license developed by the Department of Motor Vehicles.  This
    license has a magnetic stripe on the back which contains much of the
    information on the front of the license.  The stripe will enable a
    business entity to store information contained on a driver's license
    simply by scanning the card through a reader.
    A publication by the Department of Motor Vehicles dated May 1991
    ("Department of Motor Vehicles Magnetic Stripe Drivers
    License/Identification Card") states that "using point of sale (POS)
    readers and printers, the business community can electronically
    record the DL [driver's license] /ID number on receipts and business
    records."  The publication notes that "magnetic stripe readers are
    readily available, relatively low in cost, and are already available
    in many retail outlets."
    However, a merchant might access much more than the driver's
    license/ID number; the publication notes that "readers have been
    produced, and market available readers can be modified that will
    read the three tracks of information contained on the California
    card."  According to the publication, the tracks contain information
    such as license type, name, address, sex, hair-color, eye-color,
    height, weight, restrictions, issue date.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-21 14:56:28
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
Sun, Oct 21, 2001 at 02:25:35PM -0700
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2594 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-21 15:46:38
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 4646 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-21 16:07:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
I suspect the oBSD response would be that you don't have to.  Anecdotal
evidence (and Linus's own comments) are that Linux networking is weaker
than it could be, the BSD stack has traditionally held a security
That said, oBSD's overall performance is generally considered to be
lower than that of GNU/Linux.  What with hardware prices, adding
redundant hardware might be considered preferable to trying to handle
the load on one high-performance box.  But that's also not my area of
Back to the cornfield....

@_date: 2001-10-21 17:18:44
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
Summer, June/July, IIRC.  I've done a couple of look-ups since.  There's
been little additional news or information (I'm not saying none, I'm
saying little).  OpenBSD, a relatively little-known free 'nix, gets
rather more press and community coverage.
While there's nothing wrong with a small, dedicated core, I'm just
commenting that there doesn't appear to be much broader appeal.
A fair number of people respect the opinions of the OSI and FSF, if only
because they don't feel like combing through licensing terms themselves.
I'm active on the OSI's license-discuss list, and see quite a few
proposed licenses and terms.  I'm rather convinced that novelty, all
else being equal, is bad.  Compellingly adventageous licensing language
may be of some interest.  The MozPL is the last license I'd consider to
have provided this (it's a community-friendly mixed-mode copyleft +
proprietary use license).
Poor licensing choices are one of several key modes of failure for free
software projects.  If Plan 9 procedes forward, I expect to see another
two or three significant licensing revisions.
At my side.  What specifically?
Interesting.  Some similarity then with the autofs system under
GNU/Linux, in which remote filesystems may be mounted by various
methods, including FTP, though transitivity isn't generally included
Always or at discression?  Again, possible with GNU/Linux, though not as
trivial as desireable at present.
Interesting.  Somewhat like, say, SSH RSA key authentication, but at OS

@_date: 2001-10-21 18:34:07
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Instant Anthrax...test (was: Re: And another one bites the 
honig on Sun, Oct 21, 2001 at 06:02:17PM -0700
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2945 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-21 23:44:02
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9 licensing? 
I'll stop by.
Care to expand (off list if you wish).  It's an area of interest.
Nutshell argument:  license interactions are factorial.  Interaction
complexity reduces overall value of a codebase, and tends to marginalize
minority licenses.
By various methods (Debian package listings, Sourceforge projects), the
GPL or LPGL are applied to some 84% of free software.  A tally from
January of this year:
Of the roughly 8,800 listed projects with a license on SourceForge:
    8,384 are based on an OSI approved license.                        208 are based on an other or proprietary license.                       235 are public domain.                          Of the OSI licenses, the breakdown is as follows (note that results may
vary daily as projects are added and removed):
    GNU GPL:    6,178	74%
    GNP LGPL:     844   10%
    BSD:          480    6%
    Artistic:     302    4%
    MozPL:        114    1%
    MIT:          110    1%
    Python:        78    1%
    QPL:           60    1%
    zlib/libpng:   46    1%
    IBM-PL:        10    1%
    MITRE (CVW):    4    0%
As mentioned, 84% of projects are licensed under the GPL.  Compatibly
licensed projects include software under the BSD (revised) terms, MIT,
Artistic, and Python (most recent) licenses.  Major QPL projects are
licensed compatibly with the GPL.  Major MozPL projects are licensed
compatibly with the GPL.  Given some room for variance (there are
non-compatible BSD, and MozPL projects), some 90-95% of projects are
likely licensed under terms compatible with the GNU GPL.
Noncompatibility puts you in a rather small mindshare camp, with a
serious sacrifice of network effects (Metcalfe's Law).
This does assume that a project's intent is to become relatively widely
used and supported by broad mindshare.  As these are among the principle
technical advantages offered by free software / open source, it's not an
advantage to discard lightly.
Per the FSF's analysis, Plan 9 is, again, not open source, free
software, or GPL compatible.  This is a significant strategic handicap.
Moreover, the bulk of terms in the Plan 9 license serve the corporate
interests of the software's owner -- there's little quid pro quo for the
developer or community.  This is typical of corporate licenses,
particularly first drafts.  The evolution of IBM's own Jikes licensing
is instructive.
If the code exists for its own purposes, it may not matter.  From a
broader community perspective, you could do better.

@_date: 2001-10-21 23:47:47
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Karsten M. Self shows himself to be clueless, again 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1379 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-22 00:54:33
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9 licensing? 
Sorry.  Combinatorial.  Not quite as extreme.  From a legal standpoint,
interactions of all combinations of licenses must be considered.  The
interesting cases usually reduce to a much smaller number.  The trend in free software licensing has been strong reluctance to
accepting novel licenses.  A strong case for benefit is generally
requested, many licenses boil down to ego, corporate politics, or
failure to understand free software / open source concepts -- the
licenses simply aren't either, again, Plan 9 is a case in point.
There's also been a tendency among major projects to seek compatibility
(usually through dual or multiple licensing) with the GPL, Sun and
Mozilla being two cases in point.
Interaction between licenses.  It's more overhead for the developer to
deal with. Case in point:  Tom's Root/Boot.  GNU/Linux on a floppy, 1.77 MB.
Licenses themselves comprised some 50KB, significant for this task.
Terms for compliance that require license and binary to occupy the same
media in use are not acceptable for the technical task (fortunately none
of the major free software licenses require this).  OpenBSD has
eliminated several packages from Donald J. Bernstein due to his
licensing clauses, despite their being technically excellent (if non
standards compliant) software.  Any number of proposals cross the OSI's
door which exclude specific types of use or transfer.
It's too much overhead for developers to consider most of these, they'll
stick to a half-dozen or so known (or highly similar) licenses.  Again,
GPL, LGPL, BSD/MIT, and Mozilla cover a broad range of strategic
What are you competing for?  What characteristics of a license will
"win" the competition?  This isn't software domination, it's more a
protocol for collaborative development.  Once you've got that nailed
down, stop dicking with the damned lawyers, and start writing code.

@_date: 2001-10-22 14:36:58
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 12:14:29PM -0700, Eric Cordian
    antrax: n. AKA mailsorter's disease
    (Future dictionary entry)
There is a vaccine for anthrax.  It's not generally distributed, though
military and vetinary personnel may receive it.  The CDC's fact sheet
states that it requires six doses (three at two week intervals, then six
months), protects against cutaneous and inhalation anthrax, and
requires an annual booster.  There are some risks of the vaccine, though
exposure risks are higher, the worst is a sever allergic reaction,
observed in less than 1 in 100,000 doses.
Might it make sense to vaccinate mailroom personnel?  Like high-end
routers on the 'Net, this is where the current delivery mechanism is
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-22 15:00:11
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 02:36:58PM -0700, Karsten M. Self
Memo to self:  include URLs.
    Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-22 16:55:22
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
That's wishful thinking, Declan.  After, all, this is a capatilist
society.  What's in it for me? [1]
1.  Gratuitous abuse from Tim May, of course.  Back to the cornfield.

@_date: 2001-10-22 18:28:40
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 04:58:54PM -0700, David Honig (honig at sprynet.com)
Better yet:  energy can't be replicated.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 02:13:15
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Netscape Out! 
on Tue, Oct 23, 2001 at 01:13:49AM -0700, Bill Stewart
For the GNU/Linux and free 'Nix users in the crowd, I've got my own set
of reviews (about four months stale, update kinda in progress) at
    My personal graphical pick:  Galeon.  Konqeror and Mozilla aren't too
far behind.  w3m and lynx are great for quick text browsing.  Dillo's a
blazingly fast, lightweight graphical browser, if you don't mind the odd
rough edge (no cookies, frames, animated gifs, cut'n'paste,
Java/Javascript -- most of which is IMVA a Good Thing(tm)).  Other
clients reviewed as well.  Netscape?  It sucks, blows, bites, and loses.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 04:23:57
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
Irradiation equipment is being considered for mail processing, heard
both over NPR's Morning Edition, and referenced in a story posted to
        KSAT
    Monday October 22 08:39 PM EDT
    Safety Concerns Grow Among Postal Customers, Inspectors
    [...]
    The U.S. Postal Service said Monday that it is looking into a
    technological method that could block the movement of anthrax in the
    mail.
    Postal Inspector Doug Turner said the postal service has studied how
    radiation equipment used to kill bacteria in foods could help
    against the germ threats.
    "The radiation would kill the bacteria that might be involved with
    the mail," Turner said.
    But there is no official word on whether the irradiation equipment
    would make it's way to San Antonio.
    [...]
I would hope that relatively short-term leases are being considered.  Or
is this going to be a long-term threat?
Any pointers on packaging for photographic and/or magnetic media through
mail to survive irradiation equipment?  How about the magstrips on all
those credit cards issued through the mail?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:24:02
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
on Tue, Oct 23, 2001 at 08:31:38AM -0700, David Honig (honig at sprynet.com)
OTOH, futures for nuclear winter wheat are strong.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-23 17:51:19
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9 licensing? 
Noting, as above, the majority having very low adoption.
I'm primarially looking at author/developer interactions.  However, all
actors are considered.
Distributors are concerned with licensing -- this is generally the
exposure point for commercial liability, and high-profile distributors
will have an aversion to novel or obscure licenses.  To this extent,
licensing is somewhat like cryptography:  well established, well
understood licenses which have stood the test of time, are considered
lower risk.  Again, corporate licenses tend to speak to ghosts in the
corporate closet (IBM:  Patents, Sun:  compatibility and standards
control, Corel:  Canadian law).
Another advantage of selecting a widely use license is that it aquires a
strong institutional resistence to sudden change.  In the DJB instance
cited previously, and the IPFilters licensing "revision" which also
effected OpenBSD, licenses which were authored at the sole discretion of
a single user were unilateraly modified, or had their interpretation
unilaterally changed, to terms not acceptable for broader use.  This is
less likely where a broader constuency is represented.  The authorship /
revision issue is one I've put some thought to, there are a few possible
Free software largely precludes significant revenue streams from
software sales.  Not always -- Red Hat continues to generate significant
revenues from box and corporate sales, though it is moving to a
subscription (Red Carpet) and services model.  Still, in large part,
your benefit is going to come from indirect revenues:  services,
hardware, publications (e.g.: O'Reilly).   Eric Raymond's list from CatB
still largely stands.
In this case, appeal to developers is *quite* significant, as this
distributes your cost structure effectively to unaffiliated partners.
This particular lesson is one that a large number of free software
businesses (including the one I was affiliated with for 18 months) fail
to grasp.  There's little specific benefit in direct control of code.
IBM, incidentally, is a company that Seems To Get It(tm).
Users, similarly, should be concerned with long term viability of code.
A project with a single sponsor, and one with troubling financial
prospects to boot, doesn't gain much credibility despite their "free
software" status.  Licensing compatibility emphasizes the inherent "code
escrow" powers of free software licensing by providing the possibility
that the compelling features of the project might be continued, or at
least incorporated into another project, should the initial sponsor
Which is served by a mix of factors, significant among them, license
No.  Software itself competes on a different level.  It's influenced by
the licensing, but isn't fully dictated by this.  Poor license choice
can severly hamper adoption, development, use, and credibility.
There are a good four or five well established "shoes" (GPL, LGPL,
BSD/MIT, Mozilla, IBM PSL) which serve a broad range of needs, with a
pretty good track record for interoperability.
But that's just one idiot to another.

@_date: 2001-10-24 16:09:10
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
I'll leave grasping the concept of "relative mindshare" as an exercise
to the reader.
I use and admin an oBSD box myself.
I think Unix is an exemplar of my points, for its heyday.  Again,
"relative" is a core concept.
I couldn't do much better than Kernighan and Pike in _The UNIX
Programming Environment_, Chapter 10, Epilog, written in 1984:
    The UNIX operating system is well over ten years old,  but the
    number of computers running it is growing faster than ever.  For a
    system designed with no marketing goals or even intentions, it has
    been singularly successful....
    The main reason for its commercial success is probably its
    portability -- the feature that everything but small parts of the
    the compilers and kernel runs unchanged on any computer....  But the
    UNIX system was popular long before it was of commercial
    significance...  The 1974 CACM paper by Ritchie and Thompson
    generated interest in the academic community....Through the
    mid-1970s UNIX knowledge spread by word of mouth:  although the
    system came unsupported and without guarantee, the people who used
    it were enthusiastic enough to convince others to try it too....
    Why did it become popular in the first place?  ...[I]t was designed
    and built by a small number (two) of exceptionally talented people,
    whose sole purpose was to create an environment that would be
    convenient for program development, and who had the freedom to
    pursue that ideal....
    In that early system were packed a number of inventive applications
    of computer science, including stream processing (pipes), regular
    expressions, language theory...and more specific instances like the
    algorithms in diff....
    The UNIX system has since become one of the computer market's
    standard operating system, and with market dominance has come
    responsibility and the need for "features" provided by competing
    systems.  As a result, the kernel has grown in size by a factor of
    10 in the past decade....
    [A]lthough UNIX has begun to show some signs of middle age, it's
    still viable and still gaining in popularity.  And that popularity
    can be traced to the clear thinking of a few people in
    1969....  Although they didn't expect their system to spread to tens
    of thousands of computers, a generation of programmers is glad that
    it did.
This reads very much like a history of GNU/Linux, a similarity that
struck me at some of the recent Linux10 celebrations and preparations.
Change a few names and dates, and change user share to millions rather
than thousands, and you're about on-base.  What K&P don't get into is the licensing terms of the first Unix
systems.  AT&T was enjoined by its ongoing anti-trust restrictions
(originating in 1911) which prohibited it from selling computer systems
(1949, 1956 agreements).  This meant that Unix was largely freely
distributable among computer systems of the day in the standard format
for data interchange:  research computers on university and corporate
campuses, via magtape.  It rose to dominance on the thousands of such
systems in existence from 1975 to 1985.  This didn't change until 1985
and the final anti-trust settlement and breakup of AT&T, at which point
bitter battles for control greatly hampered the Unix market, with
impacts felt to this day in the *BSD / GNU/Linux split.
Unix's success was based on its portability, liberal distribution terms,
practical applications, "building blocks" architecture, extensibility,
and continued viability with growth in size and popularity.
Note that today, the comparative advantage along many of these
dimensions lies with GNU/Linux.  Again, it's highly portable, licensing
is more liberal than proprietary Unices (with an ideological and
pragmatic scuffle between the BSDs and Linux on licensing terms and
adoption), the core "small, simple, does one thing" applications
philosophy largely persists.  Note that GNU/Linux is now growing in
market and mindshare, at a cost to both UNIX and alternative server
systems, particularly at the small end of the scale.  See Christensen's
_The Innovator's Dilemma_ for a general illustration of principles.

@_date: 2001-10-24 16:30:24
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and bounds ) 
Read your Aesop:  the thief needs no excuse.
I tend to think of this as similar to cancer:  there's a stochastic
element, but there are environmental and hereditary factors as well.  I
do think we'll have to give up some bad habits.  Spontaneous incidents
will persist, however.

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:59:20
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Where the torture never stops.. 
on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 07:12:13PM -0700, John Young (jya at pipeline.com)
    Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-24 22:47:28
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
Not hardly.
I wasn't keeping notes when K&R were designing their gaming platform,
but history seems to recall OS/360, Multics, TICO, ITS, VMS.  A bit of
quick Googling suggests the PDP-7 had its own native operating system
(the PDP-11 certainly did), certainly more than what a couple of guys
hanging around a broom closet could hammer out in a few days.
Throughout the 1970s and 80s, Ken Olsen was selling VAXs running VMS and
complaining bitterly about snake oil (I guess there's a bunch of snakes
out there).  However, to quote someone's response to Tim May in this
list recently, I'm just one of the dilettants posting here out of
ignorance for some free research on the part of the rest of you.
Someone who was around at the time is going to have a better answer than
me. When Linus started Linux, he was bootstrapping with Minix, and trying to
get around its limitations.  For PC Unix, there was alread Xenix and one
or more of the very forgettably named SCO products (not Xenix).  The
Jolitzesi were wresting BSD from Berkeley.  FSF had been working on the
HURD since 1983 (originally as TRIX), in fits and starts.  By the time
Larry McVoy wrote "The Sourceware Operating System Proposal" in 1993, it
still wasn't clear whether or not FreeBSD or Linux was the cart to hitch
the horse to.
The ultimate success of Linux doesn't have a single factor -- it meets
most of the marks set in the exerpt I posted from K&P, I'd argue that
licensing played a role, as did the fact it wasn't encumbered by the
AT&T/UCB lawsuits, and most people give Linus himself strong credits for
his project management skills and personality.  Topics covered
extensively elsewhere.

@_date: 2001-10-24 23:06:41
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: House chairman doesn't want "parochial" issues to stop 
declan on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 12:44:48AM -0400
on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 12:44:48AM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
So, who're the Senate holdouts?  90+ votes means a filibuster's
impossible under cloture rules, no?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-25 12:02:37
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
Define your market or relevant niche, with specificity.

@_date: 2001-10-25 22:14:52
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Senate approves USA Act, sends to Bush, Ashcroft vows "new 
declan on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 02:31:42PM -0400
on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 02:31:42PM -0400, Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
                              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    ^^^^^^^^
Conviction without trial?
The following sentence also parses ambiguously.  Is that "taking
suspected terrorists, who are in violation of the law, off the
streets...", or "taking, in violation of the law, suspected terrorists
off the streets..."?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-26 20:25:54
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
The problem I've got with this response is that Unix and GNU/Linux
aren't computers, they're operating systems.  Unix was written to run on
those computers "that didn't exist", largely the PDP 7 and 11.
I was seeing the market as the *operating systems* running on these
computers.  While I'll concede that Unix and GNU/Linux probably drove
hardware, the fact is that both emerged in environments where there were
existing OSs running, almost always preinstalled, on the hardware of
choice for each system:  RSX-11D, TWENEX, VMS.  The Jargon file has
TWENEX users migrating to Unix in the 1980s.  For larger systms, VM/CMS
still has its fans.
I guess the question would be:  what other OSs were popular in research
environments at the time?  What benefits did Unix offer?  What timeframe
are we discussing?  Again, public availability of Unix seems to have
come after 1974.
As I've indicated, I'm not as old as you think I am.  Unix and I are
close to the same age.  My real awareness starts in the early to mid
1980s, some exceptions.
Incidentally, if you want to remenisce, there's a DEC timeline here:
        I'm unconvinced.
Again, the PDP series, notably the '7 & '11, as well as the HP 3000,
stand out in searches as significant mini systems of the day.  I have to
assume they included operating systems.
And again, GNU/Linux emerged in a universe of PC operating systems:
DOS, Macintosh, OS/2, Xenix, Minix, BSDi.  In both cases, the newcomer (Unix/Linux) emerged as a technically
inferior system, but (rapidly or otherwise) outpaced its competition due
to architecture, licensing, and social factors.
Regarding your comment (two posts back) that Linux was coincident with
the Internet:  yes, I agree that this was a formative factor.  I have no
doubt that if Linus hadn't come along, another solution would have
emerged, the time was ripe.  GNU/Linux happened to be best-of-breed.

@_date: 2001-10-28 18:31:23
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Soothe or alarm:  What is "weaponized" anthrax? 
I posted on this question Oct 21, saying:
    [Rep Frist's (R-TN) comment] leads one to question the descriptions
    of anthrax as "weaponized" and "non-weaponized", particularly as
    there are several dimensions of weaponization.  The lesser is spore
    size, with 5 micron being the preferred form for inducing inhalation
    anthrax.  The greater is antibiotic resistance, and it appears that
    this is the criterion on which statements of "non-weaponized
    anthrax" are being made.  Truth seems to be that resistance is
    secondary to spore size given the difficulty of treating advanced
    cases of inhalation anthrax.
    My suggestion to the press would be to disaggregate the term
    "weaponized" to its components:  inhalable, and antibiotic
    resistant.  This provides the public with more useful information:
    the bacterium is or is not a grave infection threat (inhalable), and
    the bacterium is or is not treatable (resistant).  This is
    actionable information: inhalable, but nonresistant, anthrax means
    that individuals should be aware of respiratory illness symptoms and
    submit for early diagnosis and/or treatment.
Today's SF Chronicle reports:
    When it comes to describing anthrax, it is as if they are speaking
    different languages.
    "Weapons-grade material," Gephardt, the House Democratic leader from
    Missouri, told reporters this week, describing the potency of the
    anthrax in a letter opened in Daschle's office.
    "Common variety," Senate Majority Leader Daschle from South Dakota
    said of the same white powder.
    Scientists say both are right.
    The material was weapons grade, in the sense that it was finely
    milled and aerosolized to make it easier to infiltrate a victim's
    lungs. At the same time,
    it was a common variety that was not genetically altered, making it
    fully treatable with common antibiotics.
    So which statement is more responsible?
    [...]
    "I don't think 'weaponized' has any medical or scientific value,"
    [Ridge] explained late this week. "It seems to have different
    meanings . . .  to different people."
    The discrepancy in labeling the potency of the poison is a perfect
    illustration of the challenges confronting authorities as they try
    to communicate complex, evolving and grim information on live
    television, often on an hourly basis.
    The failure to use precise language can have fatal consequences.
    On Oct. 18, three days after Daschle's letter was opened, Postmaster
    General John Potter invited the press into a mail facility in
    southeast Washington, and told the assembled reporters and workers
    that "there is only a minute chance" that anthrax spores could have
    escaped from envelopes and harmed postal workers.
    Today, Potter is on a 60-day dose of antibiotics. So are the
    reporters and anyone else who attended the news conference,
    including Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony Williams and his
    80-year-old mother. Two workers at the facility have since died.
    Authorities knew at the time that the refined spores were highly
    potent, but based on previous experience in New Jersey and Florida,
    had no reason to believe they would contaminate the Washington mail
    house. And they wanted to calm anxious postal workers.
    "The administration has been forthright in making information known
    as soon as information is available," said White House spokesman Ari
    Fleischer. "It is the nature of this type of attack involving
    anthrax that information develops over time."
    Nevertheless, there is frustration from those who feel that soft
    words intended to soothe might instead lull people into a false
    sense of complacency.
    "I think we've got to stop parsing words and trying to be anything
    other than accurate about what this is," Gephardt said of the
    biological attack on the Capitol. "This is highly sophisticated
    material. It is small in size and it aerosolizes, and so you've got
    to be careful in the way it can be handled.
    "I believe people are smart. If you arm them (people) with accurate
    information, you have a better chance of preventing successful
    attacks," Gephardt said.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 00:42:07
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
on Mon, Oct 29, 2001 at 10:23:55PM -0800, Max Inux (maxinux at bigfoot.com)
That's been around quite the while:
            Source: Robert Uhlig, Electronic Telegraph
    Date: 3rd March, 2001
    [We've got mail] An aerosol spray that makes unopened envelopes
    transparent so that the contents can be read has been invented.
    "You spray it on and it temporarily makes the envelope clear," said
    Robert Schlegel, vice-president of the makers, Mistral Security, of
    Maryland. "It leaves an odor for 10 to 15 minutes, but there is no
    smudging of ink, no stain, no evidence at all. The envelope is
    transparent for a few minutes and you can respray it hundreds of
    times without leaving any stain."
I'd heard of use of same by CIA going back maybe ten years, if not
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 14:40:09
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
on Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 10:25:54AM -0800, mmotyka at lsil.com (mmotyka at lsil.com)
Or "security" envelopes, possibly.
First, is that what this spray is?  Any information on the chemical
Freon's pretty chemically inert.  That's among its advantages, though
it's a liability in the upper atmosphere.  Other options might be some
indicator that notes a rapid change in temperature (evaporating
refrigerant does a nice job of lowering temperature quickly), or
presence of a fluid.  Even a nonreactive chemical could float something
loosely applied to a letter.
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 14:59:26
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Napster execs needing culling 
on Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 06:31:49AM -0800, Khoder bin Hakkin (hakkin at sarin.com)
Misappropriation, not theft.  These aren't material goods.  You might
also read the Wind Done Gone ruling and reexamine exlusive rights to see
what you own under copyright in a work -- hint:  it's not the work.
I'd also recommend for reading 17 USC 115, "Scope of exclusive rights in
nondramatic musical works: Compulsory license for making and
distributing phonorecords", providing for compulsory licensing for
distribution and making arrangements (covers) of a work.
    Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-10-30 18:36:41
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: NOTAM:  GA prohibited w/in 10 miles of nuke plants 
Copied from a friend, generally reliable.  NOTAMs are eventually posted
to a few publicly available sites:
    !FDC 1/1763 FDC PART 1 OF 6 TEMPORARY FLIGHT RESTRICTIONS OVER
    NUCLEAR SITES. FOR REASONS OF NATIONAL SECURITY. EFFECTIVE
    IMMEDIATELY UNTIL NOVEMBER 07, 2001 0500 UTC. PURSUANT TO TITLE 14
    CFR SECTIONS 91.139, EMERGENCY AIR TRAFFIC RULES AND 99.7 SPECIAL
    SECURITY INSTRUCTIONS. ALL GENERAL AVIATION FLIGHT OPERATIONS ARE
    PROHIBITED WITHIN A 10 NAUTICAL MILES RADIUS OF AND BELOW 18000 FEET
    MSL OVER THE BELOW LISTED NUCLEAR SITES EXCEPT FOR MEDEVAC, LAW
    ENFORCEMENT, RESCUE/RECOVERY, EMERGENCY EVACUATION AND FIRE FIGHTING
    OPERATIONS WHEN AUTHORIZED BY ATC:
He continues:
    I've got no idea what the hell they're doing, but damn, a GA plane
    wouldn't do more than scratch the friggen concrete on a nuke plant.
    (It was wondered what a plane crash would do, so a F-4 Phantom II
    was rammed into a containment wall at 600+ MPH, it penetrated 2.5
    inches. (Its a 6 foot wall).
    Grrrr. Insane restrictions. Bullyboys in uniforms pushing around,
    people held illegally.
Sounds like the feds are treating the current "credible threat" as broad
and shutting down all options.  Anyone care to posit a scenario in which
GA could threaten a nuke?
Karsten M. Self         What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?             Home of the brave
                     Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA! Geek for Hire                     [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-20 22:36:12
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Pentagon said to eye nuclear attack against terrorists 
Speculation intended for third-party consumption, largely in the
vicinity of 44.500 E, 33.300 N.

@_date: 2001-09-21 17:36:38
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: PGP author under fire for terrorist use of crypto 
on Fri, Sep 21, 2001 at 01:12:27PM -0400, Matthew Gaylor (freematt at coil.com)
Terrorism is the art of what's now known as "asymmetric warfare".  It
uses the enemy's own strengths against itself.  With the very barest of
resources:  a few score operatives, basic training, minimal
communications.  It can achieve impressive amounts of damage,
particularly against soft targets, taken unawares.
My own assessment of 9/11 is that the attacks were likely only 1/3 to
1/4 effective.  Three of four known aircraft reached their targets.  A
fourth was disabled by an unarmed, unprepared, civilian force.
Appearances are that another two to four aircraft were originally
planned to be involveed in the attacks, as well as other possible
incidents based on other modalities.
The truth is that within an hour of the initial incidents, the country
was on a war footing.  Stories now indicate that Air Force fighter
intercepts were scrambled against the two planes targeted for the WTC
and were 12 minutes from intercept at the time of the attacks.
Shoot-to-kill appears to have been ordered against Flight 93.  Warnings
are now circulating for possible incidents on Saturday.
Our resources were used against us:  aircraft, freedoms, communications
networks, cars, highways.  Crypto is yet another tool.  It may be used
for good or evil, and in balance I suspect it does far more good than
Phil has no more cause than any of the rest of us to feel regret.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-22 13:02:36
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Preparedness (ultralight attack on statue of liberty) 
on Sat, Sep 22, 2001 at 08:08:06AM -0700, David Honig (honig at sprynet.com)
You fail to understand.
Nerve gas is absorbed through the skin.  A containment suit is required,
a gas mask, alkali or otherwise, is worthless of itself.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-22 23:44:12
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
on Sat, Sep 22, 2001 at 08:32:46PM -0700, CDR Anonymizer
FYI, info on the scam.  This is the tenth instance I've seen this year.
Please feel free to distribute the following if you encounter the scam
on other NGs or mailing lists.
I've compiled a set of rants (frequently repeated essays/posts) at
    This is an example of the "Nigerian Scam", also called 419 Letters, or
just plain 419.  Most 419 letters and emails originate from or are
traceable back to Nigeria. However, some originate from other nations,
mostly also West African nations such as Ghana, Togo, Liberia, Sierra
Leone, Ivory Coast ( Cote D'Ivoire ) etc.
It's the current wrinkle of a decades-old scam that nets tens of
millions of dollars per year, and may be the third largest industry in
Nigeria.  The 419 Coalition believes that it is the elites from which
successive governments of Nigeria have been drawn who are the scammers.
Expect little cooperation from Nigerian authorities.
Information in this notice is compiled from various sources, links
below.  Keep reading for reporting information.
The Scam operates as follows: the target receives an unsolicited fax,
email, or letter concerning Nigeria containing either a money laundering
or other illegal proposal OR you may receive a Legal and Legitimate
business proposal by normal means.  Invariably, the proposition involves
resources which are somehow locked up:  oil or other invoice problems, a
bequest, money cleaning, or misallocated funds.
At some point, the victim is asked to pay up front an Advance Fee of
some sort.  If the victim pays the Fee, there are many "Complications"
which require still more advance payments until the victim either quits,
runs out of money, or both.
To report the scam:
    If you are a United States Citizen or Resident and have suffered NO
    Financial Loss, write "No Financial Loss - For Your Database" on the
    documents you received and Fax them to the US Secret Service Task
    Force handling Scam matters at 202-406-6930.
    Documents may be emailed to
        mailto:419.fcd at usss.treas.gov?subject: "No Loss -- 419 Scam"
    IF you are a United States Citizen or Resident and YOU HAVE SUFFERED
    A FINANCIAL LOSS write "Financial Loss - Contact Me ASAP" on the
    documents you have received and Fax them to the Task Force at
    202-406-6930 and give Your telephone number(s).  A Secret Service
    Agent will call you back as soon as possible to discuss the matter
    with you (don't worry, you're Not in any trouble).
    (Above from Other countries have their own reporting methods, see above for more
Additional information:
    Google search:
        Federal Republic of Nigeria, Embassy:
        Sierra Leone:  Nigerian 419 Scam:
        Nigeria Scam Letter Archive
        Nigeria - The 419 Coalition Website
        U.S. Postal Authorities crack down on Nigerian Spam
        Nigeria - The 419 Coalition Website
        Urban Legends:  Nigerian Scam
        Salon: I crave your distinguished indulgence (and all your cash)
        Nigerian 419 Scam "Game Over!"
        Book describes how the scam plays out.
Thank you.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-23 01:35:29
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
...neatly sidestepping the fact that fraud is a crime, stupidity isn't.
Relevance, please.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-23 16:25:05
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: 419 letter (was Re: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ?) 
Oh.  So it *is* legitmate to swindle senile dowagers of their
Interesting sidelight of my 419 research:  one likely target are Utah
  - Helpful intentions.
  - Not averse to making a buck.
  - Highly insulated from the real world.

@_date: 2001-09-23 16:36:34
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: TIME.com: Nation -- TIME Exclusive: Cropduster Manual Discovered in Suspected Terrorist Hideout 
A GA (general aviation) pilot friend has been bitching endlessly about
various FAA regulation restrictions imposed in the wake of 9/11.  I've
suggested a reality check.  rec.aviation.piloting makes for some
interesting reading, not without a few blowhards (not that we'd know
what these are).
 tracks NOTAMs (notices to airmen).  Among the first
restrictions imposed, and still somewhat in force, are restrictions on
agricultural flights.   These are far less organized than might be
expected, and citations by those unfamiliar with the NOTAM format are
hard to come by.
However, the page currently lists the following NOTAM:
    FAA bans Part 137 agricultural operations
    09/23/01 4:39:10 PM, ET - FAA banned Part 137 agricultural
    ("cropduster") operations [link] once again on Sunday. The ban
    includes all aircraft "capable or equipped for agricultural
    operations," whether they are flying under Part 137 or any other FAR
    (for example, Part 91). The ban remains in effect until 12:05 a.m.
    local time Sept. 24.  AOPA again reminds pilots that they must check
    all notams immediately prior to starting any flight.
The link points to:
        !FDC 1/0398 FDC ATTENTION ALL OPERATORS - SPECIAL NOTICE. EFFECTIVE
    IMMEDIATELY UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. PURSUANT TO 14 CFR 91.139
    (EMERGENCY AIR TRAFFIC RULES), FOR REASONS OF NATIONAL SECURITY ALL
    PAR 137 (AGRICULTUREAL/CROPDUSTER) OPERATIONS ARE PROHIBITED ON
    SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 23,2001, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY AND UNTIL 12:05 A.M.
    LOCAL SEPTEMBER 24,2001, IN EACH TIME ZONE. IN ADDITION, NO AIRCRAFT
    CAPABLE OF OR EQUIPPED FOR AGRICULTURAL OPERATIONS MAY OPERATE UNDER
    ANY OTHER F.A.R.  PART CERTIFICATION DURING THIS TIMEFRAME. THE ONLY
    EXCEPTION IS FOR PART 137 FIRE FIGHTING TANKERS FLYING UNDER PUBLIC
    USE AND EMERGENCY AUTHORIZATION FOR FIRE FIGHTING PURPOSES. THIS
    NOTAM APPLIES TO THE 48 CONTIGUOUS STATES IN U.S.DOMESTIC AIRSPACE. (Yes, the FAA, in its infinite wisdom, uses highly unreadable AOL CAPS
TO ANNOUNCE CRITICAL MESSAGES).
I've also heard rumors that cropdusters are being told to *disable*
their aircraft or equipment, though I cannot substantiate this.

@_date: 2001-09-24 01:46:22
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Expectation of privacy in public? 
+0200
on Mon, Sep 24, 2001 at 07:16:03AM +0200, Anonymous
Jeffrey Rosen's _The Unwanted Gaze:  the destruction of privacy in
America_ is a good general read on this topic, and is generally
It doesn't cover the issue of "privacy in public" in depth, though the
issue is really more one of moving anonymously (or at least largely
unrecorded) through public spaces.
Rosen does discuss privacy at home and at work, and in cyberspace.  The
index doesn't specifically list "public spaces", though there's some
discussion of anonymity.  Brandeis and Warren wrote a law review article
in 1890 in the _Harvard Law Review_.
Rosen does touch on expectations of privacy in public spaces:
    In _The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Milan Kundera describes how
    the police destroyed an important figure of the Prague Spring by
    recording his conversations with a friend and then broadcasting them
    as a radio serial.
The other interesting discussion is of the Olmstead case (the original
wiretap case).
I would raise objections on the basis of the Fourth and Forteenth
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-24 22:50:09
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 03:22:34AM -0000, Anonymous (nobody at hyperreal.pl)
I can think of a number of differences as well.
As trolls go, about a 6.5.
Terrorists are not in a direct position to deprive us of rights to
privacy, free speech, encryption, and computing platforms.  Should their
cause prevail I've no doubt access to such freedoms would be far starker
than under any regime pledged to the US Constitution, with little
recourse for appeal.
There is little on-charter discussion possible of the terrorists.  There
may be speculation of methods they did (or didn't) use.  Outcomes of
their actions are going to generally be abhorred.
The response of the US and other govnerments worldwide is a different
issue.  These are largely institutions of or answerable to their
peoples.  There's also a long tradition in democratic (both proper
democracies and republican governments) political experience of making
rash decisions, often curtailing the freedoms of democracy.
I see no problem with focussing discussion on these matters.
IMVAO we're cut from manifold different weaves of cloth.  None of us
speaks for all, self included.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-25 12:17:13
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 10:48:44AM -0700, auto301094 at hushmail.com
Might I ask what the purpose of utilizing hushmail, signing a message,
and not having publicly available keys, is?
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-25 13:41:24
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1422 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-25 17:22:11
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Signed, anonymous...(was Re: Getting Bush...) 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 02:22:25PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf at priori.net)
I suppose this has also been discussed, but if anyone has a favorite
compelling argument I'd be interested in seeing it.
Several Web archives include signatures.  Checking, e.g.:, debian-user,
I found I couldn't validate my own posts.  However, archives in mbox
format with full text of mail as received should work.
I can think of several compelling arguments for supporting signed list
messages, should the sender wish to sign.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-25 22:49:51
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 9091 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-26 01:42:19
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 11:41:18PM -0700, Meyer Wolfsheim (wolf at priori.net)
My information is different, though I've not used Outlook in some years.
I know several people who do, one of whom also uses PGP, RFC 2015 MIME
            ...including MS Outlook Express (plugin) and MS Outlook (plugin),
Public key infrastructure.
I was spooning from the top of my head.  It's more generally known as
the RSA public key encryption patent, released by RSA September 6, 2000:
    I don't have the patent number handy but could reference it for you if
There were doubtless other issues.  The patent didn't help.
I"m willing to risk that.  Responses have varied, most people appreciate
the information (they simply don't know the inssues).  Maybe one in ten
responds as you suggest.  I try to provide compelling content, where
About two years.
You've got arguments against signing?  Again, pointers appreciated.
So you're going to disable all MIME handling in your mailer?
That's an astounding proof.
To expand on the the analogy:  widespread deployment of mail clients
with unsafe content handling (and yes, I'm specifically pointing to MS
Outlook, though there are other guilty parties), combined with an
operating environment with few or no effective security measures, low
user awareness of security details, and lax administrative practices,
creates a volatile, low-entropy, high-potential, readily triggered,
exploitable resource.  Rather like gasoline.
The problem isn't the attachments (matches), it's the gasoline (buggy
I think it's rather apt, myself.
Compelling or otherwise, I'll draw your attention to the paragraphs
immediately following "Why Do You Insist On Signing Your Mail Anyway".
  - Assurance of identity.
  - Assurance of integrity.
  - Evangelizing PKI.
  - Seeking broader compliance with associated RFCs in mail clients and
    handlers.
I'm not set up to run same, but I'm interested in finding one that
doesn't demime.
Karsten M. Self          What part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?              Home of the brave
                      Land of the free
   Free Dmitry! Boycott Adobe! Repeal the DMCA!  Geek for Hire                      [demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:16:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Call for Presentations:  CODECON 2002 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 10180 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:08:59
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1260 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:58:14
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 6645 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:07:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: Cooked/umodified lists?  (was: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG...) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1062 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-30 15:25:41
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
Which neatly gets you into the problem of what to call a "civil war".
I've had this discussion with several European friends.  Seems there's a
few definitions of "war" to be found, even in standard dictionaries.
Not all refer to nations or states.  Others may note that a "nation" is
not identical to a "state".  There are stateless nations (e.g.:
Palestine), and states which are host to people of several nations
(e.g.:  the Swiss Federation).
I use the somewhat informal, though largely conformant, definitions of:
   Nation:  a group of people identified by common culture, language,
   beliefs, or institutions.  (my own distilation)
   War:  armed hostilities, especially between nations.  (The Oxford
   Encyclopedic English Dictionary).
One of the most asinine arguments I've heard to date was a commentator
on the BBC/PRI "The World" radio program a couple of weeks back.  Her
statement was that by calling this "a war", the US was validating the
deaths at the WTC/P5 attacks as casualties of war.
Deaths aren't justified or not.  What declaring war (formally or
otherwise) does is put both combatents and other parties on notice (as
the US was most decidedly not prior to the attacks) that there is a
state of armed hostilities.  Actions supportive of the (admittedly ill
defined) enemy may be construed as acts of war against the US.  And
innocents are best advised to stay out of the hot zone.
Peace.  By any means.

@_date: 2001-09-30 15:30:54
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
As the US President is CinC of the US armed forces, he may deploy these
forces as he sees fit.  However, Congress holds the purse strings, and
the impeachment vote.  My understanding is that the War Powers Act,
passed in the wake of the SouthEast Asia Disagreement of 1965-1975,
limits such deployments to 30 or 90 days.
I have to admit being somewhat confused myself over just what
distinctions there are between a formal declaration, and a vote of
support such as we saw following the 9/11 attacks.  I believe a formal
declaration would entail far more Presidential support and powers,
resources for the military, including likely more sweeping restrictions
on civil liberties.

@_date: 2001-09-30 16:08:48
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 3111 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2003-01-20 21:41:01
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Stanford University: face down the 
Gilmore and others have also been audience members.  The CPRM lecture
was attended by John, myself, and other concerned community members.
The forums are *open to the public*.  A proportionate response is both
expected and apprpriate.
Why should a presentation at this venue be any different from protests
of immoral principles or activities in any other context?

@_date: 2004-05-10 01:23:07
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Two on RFID from Politech:  Hack the tech, 
RFID has been in the news and play recently.  I even heard a somewhat
informed discussion on KQED's "California XXX" Saturday.
The first article covers John Gilmore's dystopian view of RFID.  Imagine
being able to create weapons which indipendently target specific IDs.
This sort of activity is hard to hack.  It's also a partial _current_
  - OBL was tracked, according to reports, via his satellite phone,
    until he became aware of this, and stopped using same (possibly even
    sending it on a distracting separate track from himself for a time).
  - More locally, militia movements which had used anonymous phone cards
    to make "untraceable" phone calls instead were tracked on the basis
    of traffic analysis.  While a given card wasn't allocated to an
    individual, it was identifiable by account, and could be flagged for
    monitoring if it called other numbers of known interest.
I'm sure that states such as, say, Israel, would have a significant
interest in munitions having characteristics described by Gilmore.
The second covers a "hacking the system" concept.  I'd considered
something similar myself, though different in approach.  Rather than
finding RFID chips and "redistributing" them, why not create
programmable RFID broadcasters which could spoof other chips, and
distribute these.  The idea being to pollute any RFID detectors with a
vast spew of superfluous data.
There are a couple of implications here which are pretty clear.  Many of
us carry a set of identifyable broadcast appliances already, and this
will increase.  These signatures are difficult to mask.  The more likely
response will be to find these signatures, and to the extent they're
broadcastable, clone them and distribute them more widely (specific
seeding).  This will make the specific signatures less reliable for
either legitimate or illegitimate use.
At the same time, legitimate business uses of RFID monitoring will
probably be highly specific in their focus on data interest.  There's
simply going to be too much data floating around, most of it not
interesting, to be able to work with reasonably.  This would be further
encouraged by seeding of noise data closely resembling legitimate keys.
Predictability of RFID sequences, and known legit or covert use of data
will be key in determining both utility and countermeasure activities
concerning RFID.
    Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-03-03 14:24:55
@_author: Karsten M. Self 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] Re: MCI boots send-safe (Register) -- adds a 
User-Agent: Mutt/1.5.6+20040907i
Thank you.
The root servers situation is interesting and unclear.  I haven't been
referring to it.
That said:  if someone thumbs their nose at the world sufficiently long
and hard, they shouldn't be too suprised to find the world thumbing
back.  Unconstrained, this does lead to breakdowns and opportunities for
abuse (Joe-jobs, reputation trashing).  I can't deny feeling a sense of
karmic justice, however.
...particulary in the face of an AUP denying network abuse, spamming,
etc.  Send-safe were likely skating under the rules and were taking an
overt business risk in doing so.
...my heart bleeds....
Welcome to 1999, Aaron.
Large ISPs have been doing this for years.  Its one of the direct
motives behind SPEWS.  While emission-specific blocklists (SBL/XBL,
SpamCop, etc.) track spam by source:
    SPEWS maintains a list of known spam sources and spam friendly hosts
    so that e-mail can be rejected from these problem sites.
    Track NANAE for a week and you'll see a litany of sob stories:  "my IP
is blocked by SPEWS, please delist me".  No, your _hosting provider_ is
listed by SPEWS.  _They_ need to clean up their act.
If you think IPV4 is bad, try IPV6.
That's among the reasons I'm strongly promoting ASN/CIDR tracking:  IPV6
aggregates that much more.  Still, it's going to be problematic.
There's the corrolary aspect that ever more traffic is going to be IP
based.  Currently it's email, web services, chat, and the like.  Moving
forward, it's going to be phone, IM, SMS, and more.
What do you think the mean time between rings for, say, a high-score
socioeconomic class areacode (202, 212, 415, 650, 312, 818) will be
where long distance is free and Choicepoint household data floats freely
on the Dark Net?  And you _don't_ have realtime content/context data to
filter in realtime audio.
As for reputation systems:  yeah, look at Senderbase / Iron Mountain.  I
see big things for them, particularly if they've got _any_ brains.
How about we judge based on community outrage ;-)
I've had this discussion in the past week.
IP ownership is ephemeral, particularly in dialup / dynamic access.
ASN assignment is markedly less so, though they also change over time.
What's markedly _less_ ephemeral are private blocklists.  Remember, the
public DNSBLs are just the visible tip of the iceberg.  Private,
site-specific lists, and dark lists, passed among friends and
associates, but not made generally public, are legion.  I used one such,
with 65K+ domains, as part of my web content filtering for a youth
center tech lab.
Getting on and off public DNSBLs is _relatively_ sane.  The lists have
to be accountable to their users, and not violate either stated policy
or useful effects too greatly, or they lose following.  Within a private
site, both usage patterns and propriety mean that once on, getting off a
list is at best iffy.
The result is that network abuse leads to a continuous erosion of useful
IPs.  Rotating abusive activity through a large block merely
accelerates that process *and* provides a useful behavioral pattern
identifying black-hat providers.
Encryption without authentication _and_ reputation data is useless.
The response time of such a system may be infeasible.
And systems with weak authentication may work well:  honeypots, web
content, and other abuse monitors identifying specific IPs of interest.
A watch that extends to a sensible range (say, a /24 initially, broader
based on other heuristics).  Local management of such lists means that
defenses are continuously adapted to conditions.  Hardwired whitelists
for criticial contacts to avoid friendly fire losses.  Hard-fail
conditions to provide feedback to those who are inadvertantly blocked.
It's not an ideal system.  It's probably a 95% solution.  And it doesn't
rely on encryption at all.
Sure:  encryption and PKI are useful.  I use and advocate their use.
Uptake remains limited.  And in large-volume processing, it's expensive.
That said:  opportunistic authentication _should_ be used and favored
where it exists.
Yeah, sure.  You want to split the profits?
Since when do you trust CAs to identify nonspammers?  What's this
protocol you're talking about?  How does it extend past email to _other_
forms of abuse?  I see a handwave and "Profit!".  I don't see a workable
system yet.  Care to expand?
Y'know, key repudiation _remains_ one of the weak points of current PKI.
And the number of SSL sites lacking valid, authoritative, or other than
non-self-signed keys is large.  Plus the whole level of intermediation
through browsers leads to _many_ user education issues.
How long does it take you to make friends?
How long does it take you to _really_ trust someone?
If there's such a reputation system, I'd like it to offer two features:
  - Love at first sight:  the ability to decide, quickly, that yes, you
    pretty much do trust someone rather highly.
  - Disowning:  Ok, so you've changed your mind (or have sufficient
    experience that you really ought to) about this relationship.  Can
    you get a divorce?
When I designed the K5 moderation and mojo systems, I built in two
  - Moderation should quickly reflect initial experiences.  The first
    moderation counts most.  Subsequent mods _can_ change the overall
    score, but it takes a lot of 'em to do much shifting.  After a time,
    the message moderation tends to stabilize.
  - Mojo should weight recent activity.  If someone's been long-term
    trustworthy, but suddenly gets all wiggly, three-year-old rep
    _really_ shouldn't count that much.
Under the scheme I envision, your relationship _largely_ is of concern
to those with whom you're doing business.
Basically:  behave yourself the first time you come around.  Eventually,
you'll be considered a member of the family.  Or at least given a
neighborly greeting.
Fortunately, most spammers currently exhibit such flagrant disregard for
_any_ social niceties that you can write them off quickly.
Sounds complicated and my brain's not wrapping around this well ATM.
There is the fundamental problem of trust transitivity.  OTOH, if you
use a weighting system in which you simply _correlate_ others' opinions
with your own, you don't have to worry about agreement, you only need
concern yourself with predictive value.  That chap with whom you have
_no_ common tastes is a perfect predictor:  corrolation is -1.  The
useless data is the person with whom you're aligned half the time,
corrolation 0.
Authentication here is useful in that you're reasonably assured that the
reputation is the one you think it is.  Beyond that, you don't really
need to trust it.
I think I get at this somewhat more trivially with a proportionate
rejection scheme:
  - Accept the first mail from a new source.
  - Rank that mail for spamminess.
  - Rinse, wash, repeat for some reasonable sample, over some aggregated
    netblock.  You're going to find you're getting some proportion of
    spam vs. ham for that block.
  - Toss in curves for behavior:  is the peer doing a dictionary attack
    on your space?  Do they ignore temporary rejects, or not follow
    traditional retry intervals?  Score goes down.
  - Based on the ratio of spam/ham coming from the site, at whatever
    granularity gives you a good statistical sample, say 10-30 datapoints
    per defined time period, where a week to a month should be more than
    sufficient, issue your own randomly assigned accept / reject
    responses.
  - Season to taste.
To the contrary, it's cooking with spam.
Karsten M. Self          What Part of "Gestalt" don't you understand?
   A guide to GNU/Linux backups:
     Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]
