
@_date: 1998-12-08 15:54:35
@_author: David G. Koontz 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
A glorious anouncement!  The chocolate ration has been raised to 20
grams today, from 24 grams!
(for those of you who thought it would never get here)

@_date: 2002-08-01 22:33:20
@_author: David G. Koontz 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Anonymity is generally considered a a requirement for the political
process in the United States to protect the right to express political
speech without regard to being harrassed by those in power.  There
have been several federal court decisions in the last few years that
have struck down laws limiting anonymity for political speech.  One
that comes to mind was a requirement in Chicago, I think that required
the authors name on political phamplets.
Would a law requiring such technical measures for controlling access
to copyrighted information as proposed by representatives of Disney,
et. al. in the U.S. Congress recently that incidentally by design
prevented anonymity be found to be unconstitutionally limiting freedom
of political speech on the internet by its chilling effect?

@_date: 2002-06-20 07:57:04
@_author: David G. Koontz 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
If the U.S. wasn't in an undeclared 'war', this would be considered
an unfunded mandate.  Does anyone realize the cost involved?  Think
of all the spam that needs to be recorded for posterity.  ISPs don't
currently record the type of information that this is talking about.
What customer data backup is being performed by ISPs is by and large
done by disk mirroring and is not kept permanently.
I did a bit of back of the envelope calculation and the cost in the
U.S. approaches half a billion dollars a year in additional backup
costs a year without any CALEA type impact to make it easy for law
enforcment to do data mining.  The estimate could easily be low by a
factor of 5-10.  AOL of course would be hit by 40 percent of this
though, not to mention a nice tax on MSN.  Call it ten cents a day
per customer in fee increases to record all that spam for review by
big brother.  I feel safer already.
Whats next, censorship?
