
@_date: 1996-08-03 08:53:41
@_author: Dave Koontz 
@_subject: FPGAs and Heat (Re: Paranoid Musings) 
MasPar still exists as a software company, they changed the name

@_date: 1996-08-03 10:33:00
@_author: Dave Koontz 
@_subject: ITAR 
How about exporting programs, that when executed generate source code for
encryption algorithms?
(xmas.c comes to mind, an obscurity winning c program that writes out the
 twelve days of Christmas.)

@_date: 1996-08-15 06:50:01
@_author: Dave Koontz 
@_subject: photographed license plates 
These are not allowed in California  (although the chance of getting
popped must be quite slim, by the number you see).
I remember seeing some water based spray paints in dun colors (such as
a nice mud tan) -  Gee, officer, its just mud, .
(Why water colors should be in spray cans is beyond me, unless intended
for taggers).

@_date: 1996-07-24 19:30:43
@_author: Dave Koontz 
@_subject: Brute-forcing DES 
Actually hardware DES can be thousands of times faster than PCs.  The problem with using commercially available DES chips is that you need to
load keys, do encrypts and XOR the output with the ciphertext looking
for all 0's or all 1's, in a serial fashion.  Commercial DES chips don't have the facilities for doing comparisons or loading a new key while
encrypting with the previous, not to mention the ability to increment the
key value.
The lowest cost entry for hardware crackers would probably be FPGA based
(lower NRE).  I could design one that would do say 2 - 4 million DES ops
per second and cost less than 60 dollars (a PCI interface and cheap card).  Anyway, hardware cracking can be done on a smaller scale than Wieners 30 Million DES ops/second, and it could still prove valuable.  The good news is that software and hardware efforts are no more incompatible
than using different performing machines.  If someone steps forward with
1728 Giga DES ops machine, they can have as much of the key space as they
can handle.  I could probably manage a 100 M DES ops hardware machine before
my wife wondered what I was spending the money for the new driveway on (and
I would use reprogrammable FPGAs).  I would also be inclined to run software
on a couple of workstations at home, and an incidental PC or Alpha at work.

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:19:08
@_author: Dave Koontz 
@_subject: Distributed DES crack 
One MasPar MP2 (4K processors) could run 300,000 crypt(3) crack attempts
per second (a password checker).  That should give you 6 or 7 million brute force key attempts per second.
Unfortunately the only way to show an equivalance for a particular problem
is to have both machines work on the same problem.  (Perhaps we could manage
to break a DES key in the course of executing a new benchmark?)

@_date: 1996-03-14 12:47:10
@_author: Dave Koontz 
@_subject: Commercial Key Escrow as Prerequisite to 64 bit Export 
SIGNAL, March 1996, page 9:
U.S Allows Firewall Export
  The U.S. government has approved a 56-bit data encryption standard
(DES) encrypted firewall for export.  The device could create a global
virtual private network by encrypting the Internet protocol layer of the
communications stream among firewalls.
  The system's manufacturer has obtained permission to exports its 56-
bit, DES-encrypted firewall by incorporating a proprietary commercial
key escrow recovery technology into the firewall.  The U.S. govern-
ment will allow the export of cryptographic products with key lengths
of up to 64 bits, provided that a capability allows emergency access to
encryption keys for law enforcement and national security reasons.
  Terms of the export license require the manufacturer, Trusted
Information Systems, Incorporated, Glenwood, Maryland, to maintain a
commercial key escrow data recovery center in the United STates.
1) Is there a market for products overseas that the U.S. government
   can peer through?
2) Will we ever hear what constitutes a demand for disclosure of keys
   for "national security reasons"?
{please CC: koontz at netapp.com, currently not subscribed to cypherpunks}
