
@_date: 2006-08-24 08:34:51
@_author: Kurt Albershardt 
@_subject: Tracking Anonymous Peer-to-Peer VoIP Calls on the Internet 
Peer-to-peer VoIP calls are becoming increasingly popular due to their
advantages in cost and convenience. When these calls are encrypted from
end to end and anonymized by low latency anonymizing network, they are
considered by many people to be both secure and anonymous.
In this paper, we present a watermark technique that could be used for
effectively identifying and correlating encrypted, peer-to-peer VoIP
calls even if they are anonymized by low latency anonymizing networks.
This result is in contrast to many people's perception. The key idea is
to em- bed a unique watermark into the encrypted VoIP flow by slightly
adjusting the timing of selected packets. Our analysis shows that it
only takes several milliseconds time adjustment to make normal VoIP
flows highly unique and the embedded watermark could be preserved
across the low latency anonymizing network if appropriate redundancy is
applied. Our analytical results are backed up by the real-time
experiments performed on leading peer- to-peer VoIP client and on a
commercially deployed anonymizing network. Our results demonstrate that
(1) tracking anonymous peer-to- peer VoIP calls on the Internet is
feasible and (2) low latency anonymizing networks are susceptible to
timing attacks.
------------- End Forwarded Message -------------

@_date: 2006-01-17 04:23:04
@_author: Kurt Albershardt 
@_subject: Mining for kids: Children can't opt out of Pentagon 
recruitment database
Mining for kids: Children can't "opt out" of Pentagon recruitment
By Kathryn Casa | Vermont Guardian
Parents cannot remove their children's names from a Pentagon database
that includes highly personal information used to attract military
recruits, the Vermont Guardian has learned.
The Pentagon has spent more than $70.5 million on market research,
national advertising, website development, and management of the
Joint Advertising Market Research and Studies (JAMRS) database ? a
storehouse of questionable legality that includes the names and
personal details of more than 30 million U.S. children and young
people between the ages of 16 and 23.
The database is separate from information collected from schools that
receive federal education money. The No Child Left Behind Act
requires schools to report the names, addresses, and phone numbers of
secondary school students to recruiters, but the law also specifies
that parents or guardians may write a letter to the school asking
that their children's names not be released.
However, many parents have reported being surprised that their
children are contacted anyway, according to a San Francisco-based
coalition called Leave My Child Alone (LMCA).
"We hear from a lot of parents who have often felt quite isolated
about it all and haven't been aware that this is happening all over
the country," said the group's spokeswoman, Felicity Crush.
Parents must contact the Pentagon directly to ask that their
children's information not be released to recruiters, but the data is
not removed from the JAMRS database, according to Lt. Col. Ellen
Krenke, a Pentagon spokeswoman.
Instead, the information is moved to a suppression file, where it is
continuously updated with new data from private and government
sources and still made available to recruiters, Krenke said. It's
necessary to keep the information in the suppression file so the
Pentagon can make sure it's not being released, she said.
Krenke said the database is compiled using information from state
motor vehicles departments, the Selective Service, and data-mining
firms that collect and organize information from private companies.
In addition to names, addresses, Social Security numbers, and phone
numbers, the database may include cell phone numbers, e-mail
addresses, grade-point averages, ethnicity, and subjects of interest.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-05-16 01:07:25
@_author: Kurt Albershardt 
@_subject: What happens in Vegas... 
Very interesting look at government data mining
Jeff Jonas' Non-Obvious Relationship Analysis (NORA) was sold to IBM,  which markets it as Entity Analytics
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
