
@_date: 2008-12-21 05:14:42
@_author: Kyle Williams 
@_subject: JanusPA - A hardware Privacy Adapter using Tor 
Hello Everyone,
   I've been working on a project for a couple of months now that I'm
   sure would be of interest to some of you.  The goal was to apply the
   same transparent model coderman and I  used with JanusVM and Tor VM
   into hardware.  I wanted something small that you could connect, power
   on, and use.  Literally plug-n-privacy.  After several weeks of
   searching the web looking at different hardware configuration, specs,
   etc, etc, I decided to go with Gumstix(.com).
   The privacy adapter is a ARM 400MHz Xscale CPU with 64MB RAM
   ( 16MB of Flash memory for storage, and *TWO* 10/100
   NICs.  It uses Linux for the OS.
   The first thought that many people get, including myself, have is that
   it is not powerful enough to run Tor.  Well, after 2 months of
   breaking this in, I'm very happy with the results.
   I ran this as a Tor server for about 4 days, and got a good baseline
   for how much data it can handle.  As a Tor server, it was pushing
   about 250KB/sec (125KB in, 125 KB out).
   As a Tor client, the best speed test I got was about 1.2MB/sec.  BTW,
   that was after about 45 minutes of "SIGNAL NEWNYM" and speedtest
   before I found a fast circuit.
   Here's the URL for what I've got so far.
   [1]
   It is lacking all forms of documentation, and the source code needs to
   be cleaned up some.
   It does have a general description, the index of the soon to come
   documentation, openssl speed test benchmarks, pictures, and stats of
   when I tested it as a Tor server.
   After about two months of using it, I've never felt more secure and
   satisfied when using Tor.  This is a hardware router that routes your
   traffic through the Tor network, it's small, and is easy to use.  As
   for security, all TCP and DNS are routed through Tor, and everything
   else is dropped.  So all the nasty side-channel attacks that us
   hackers have been working on to leak your real IP address
   are rendered useless.
   But there is good news and bad news.
   The bad news:
   The manufacture (Gumstix.com) is "Phasing Out" this particular setup
   at the end of DECEMBER 2008!!  That's in 10 days!  Any orders after
   Dec. 31, 2008 will have to be in bulk orders, which is 120 or more
   units.  Shitty.  Because of the short amount of time left to get this
   hardware, I've jumped the gun and chosen to notify the Tor community
   about this hardware before it is gone or out of a practical price
   range for most of us.
   The good news:
   I've been in communication with a very nice gentleman at gumstix who
   said "Gumstix is also working on a netDUO expansion board for Overo,
   although a release date has not been announced."  There is reasonable
   hope that there new motherboad product line (the Overo) will at some
   point have a dual NIC expansion board.
   So this is somewhat a conflicting situation.  I've spent months
   working on this awesome anonymity adpater, and it's about to be
   discontinued without knowing an exact date as to when the new line
   with have the capabilities to do what needs to be done.  ugh.  I'm
   very much looking forward to their new product line when a dual NIC
   expansion board is available, but I don't know when that'll be.  If
   anyone is interested in this, but cannot afford to buy hardware at the
   moment, please contact Don Anderson ([2]don at gumstix.com)and encourage
   the idea of extending their phase out date or express and interest in
   a dual NIC expansion board for their new Overo product line.
   If anyone is interested in getting a hardware based Tor solution, you
   might want to consider buying a gumstix soon.
   You'll need the following.
   Connex 400mx Motherboard:
   [3]
   ucts_id=136
   netDUO-mmc/SD expansion board:
   [4]
   _id=156
   4.0v Power Adapter:
   [5]
   _id=148
   Screws and spacer kit:
   [6]
   _id=161
   This will run you $237.00 USD + shipping and handling.
   I would also *HIGHLY* recommend the following because flashing the
   device over the network is very, very risky and has resulted in me
   having to re-flash it through the serial port many, many times.
   Serial null-modem cable:
   [7]
   _id=85
   Serial port connector:
   [8]
   _id=106
   This will run you $32.00 USD.
   If anyone is seriously thinking about a good hardware based solution
   for Tor, I'd buy the gumstix now.  In fact, I just bought a couple
   more just in case mine breaks. I'll have the source code up withing a
   week, two tops  The FULL documentation will take about a bit longer to
   get done.
   Well, that's about it.  Feedback is welcome.
   Best Regards,
   Kyle
   PS.  Happy Holidays!
   1.    2. mailto:don at gumstix.com
   3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.

@_date: 2008-11-12 01:27:07
@_author: Kyle Williams 
@_subject: [Announce] Introducing Tor VM b Tor in a virtual machine. 
[1]
   Tor VM is a small virtual machine that acts as a router and redirects
   your TCP traffic and DNS request through Tor while filtering out
   protocols that could jeopardize your anonymity. Tor VM is built using
   all open source software and is free.
   There are many advantages to running Tor in a virtual machine. Any
   application on any operating system that uses TCP for communication is
   routed over Tor. By using a small virtual machine that acts as a
   router, protocols such as UDP and ICMP are filtered, preventing a
   compromise of your anonymity. Placing Tor in a virtual machine
   separates Tor from potentially insecure applications that could
   compromises Tor's integrity and your security.
   The Tor VM ISO is designed to be run in a virtual machine, not on
   physical hardware. The ISO requires two virtual NICs to be used; one
   bridged interface, one OpenVPN Tun/Tap adapter. The Windows build of
   Tor VM is portable and includes QEMU to run the virtual machine, but
   requires Administrator privileges to install the Tap32 adapter.
   Traffic is routed through the Tap interface, into the VM, TCP and DNS
   are directed to Tor's Transport while other protocols are discarded,
   then Tor does it's magic with your traffic. More details can be found
   in the design documentation.
   Lots of people are going to ask "What's the difference between JanusVM
   and Tor VM?", so I'll address this now. JanusVM was designed to be
   used by multiple users, runs HTTP traffic through Squid and Privoxy,
   and was build on top of Debian packages. Tor VM is built from entirely
   100% open source software, is pre-configured to support only a single
   user, is much smaller in size, uses less memory than JanusVM, and
   works with QEMU. Is Tor VM going to replace JanusVM?? It's too soon to
   tell.
   This software is in the late alpha stages of development; work is
   still in progress. For the time being, Tor VM is being hosted on the
   JanusVM server. Martin and I would appreciate it if a few of you would
   give Tor VM a go and provide us with your feedback. Feel free to
   review the We look forward to hearing from the community.
   One last thing. Mad props to coderman! Martin did an amazing job
   hacking QEMU and the WinPCAP drivers in order to create an interface
   that is a raw bridge into the existing network card. This is just as
   good as VMware bridge service, if not better! It's Amazing work; make
   sure to take a close look at what is under the hood. Tor VM wouldn't
   have been possible if it wasn't for his insane amount of knowledge and
   skill. Let me be the first to say it; Thank You. :)
   Best Regards,
   Kyle Williams
   1.
