
@_date: 2009-05-18 11:50:45
@_author: Bennie Bell 
@_subject: Even celebrities use our products to lose weight 
and totally not what you are supposed to be eating
(so is corned beef if you've never tried it). i am not going to worry...about a thing.
haha, that's my girl. i love her style. i am looking forward to a date with grant.
i am determined to get the house clean so i can relax and sew tomorrow.
cate was so happy she began yelling "let's give a hand to springtime! i am blocking my two latest projects today and will show them tomorrow. and it's so yummy
i was given the irish name kelly after my great grandparents' last name. i am trying to be a patient, kind mom.
you sit at the counter
What are your tips for clearing clutter so you can focus on such a project as sewing?" well mary, let me answer your question by showing you some examples of how i deal with clutter in different areas of my home:
i always enjoy knitting lacy stuff but this pattern was especially fun, super easy, and portable.
really, cate is also mexican, japanese, native american, swiss, and a lot more- a true american- so we actually have a lot of family history travelling to do, but i really love the romantic beauty of ireland, and have always been drawn to that part of the world. plus i really love corned beef.
she wears birkenstocks to fashion shows. i have always dreamed of going to ireland, (and scotland too- mccaleb), to research our family history, and to see the green grass in real life.
4. i don't worry about a little "creative clutter" in cate's room. i say, a good dress up/ barbie mess day better than watching tv all afternoon, right? pretty soon i will just put my 'kerchief on again and go to town. (yes, that is what cate's room looks like again, just over a month after the big clean. i tell you, i'm fighting a losing battle with that girl). does that answer your question, mary? i hope it helps! wink.
the best part of dinner was the irish soda bread- it was so so good, and it's really easy to make.
