
@_date: 2009-05-15 20:04:59
@_author: Elton Tackett 
@_subject: Get a watch that will never die of even fade. 
it's definately worth the long drive,
let's give a hand to the world, for everything it can do!! i was given the irish name kelly after my great grandparents' last name. What are your tips for clearing clutter so you can focus on such a project as sewing?" well mary, let me answer your question by showing you some examples of how i deal with clutter in different areas of my home:
(i hate in quilting and knitting and sewing when the designs get all fancy just because they can). have a happy st. patrick's day. time for a new spring look...
and my wheels are turning with projects to put together for a locals knitting class. 2. to keep the bedrooms clear i throw all the dirty laundry in the laundry room and shut the door. out of sight, out of mind! trust me, you'll want her working her magic on you. she wears birkenstocks to fashion shows. and you eat with your sunglasses on
i am going to turn on some good music and choose to be happy.
and i love it (thanks, coco). back in a few days
4. i don't worry about a little "creative clutter" in cate's room. i say, a good dress up/ barbie mess day better than watching tv all afternoon, right? pretty soon i will just put my 'kerchief on again and go to town. (yes, that is what cate's room looks like again, just over a month after the big clean. i tell you, i'm fighting a losing battle with that girl). does that answer your question, mary? i hope it helps! wink.
interested? i think it would be so fun. i was chuckling while i cooked thinking about how my irish grandparents always had a plaque on their wall with this prayer on it: "may you be in heaven a half hour before the devil knows your dead" ha! it was super delicious. when she does these weekends she fills up really fast so don't wait- if you need color and/or cut and/or face waxing at very reasonable prices email her promptly and she'll get you booked and give you directions.
