
@_date: 1993-04-14 22:27:19
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: alt.whistleblowers 
Mr. Kinney's comments annoy me tremendously. They bespeak a lukewarm,
lackadaisical, and wishwashy view of something of extreme importance.
Frankly, it bothers me that it has taken this long just to get the
whistleblower group going. I don't think anything is being accomplished
by delaying newsgroup creation.  It just gives people who are enemies
more time to mount a concerted attack against this new blip in the status quo.
Where is your trademark cypherpunk fanaticism, Mr. Kinney? Do you wear
a suit and tie and go to endless meetings debating the relative merits
of implementing a given policy? Where is your passion? Where is your
*impatience*?  Where is your frustration that nothing seems to be happening?
The point is that these things will start out unpolished and become
refined. But they don't become refined by people debating their
theoretical implications in a vacuum. They get refined when problems
*arise* from *use*.  That is the place where unforeseen merits and
demerits are discovered (the unanticipated ones discovered in practice,
I assure you, are always the most significant).  Julf's server is a
beautiful example of the evolution of an unrefined idea into a
practical and increasingly sophisticated reality.
It alarms me tremendously that word leaked out about the whistleblower
group at the Freedom and Privacy conference (attended by such
luminaries as e.g. D. Denning, and don't ask what the D. stands for);
and that a former C.I.A. official has ideas on how to filter out the
"noise". I find this quite nauseating.  The greatest inventions are not
the result of people who sought to reduce risks. It is precisely this
risktaking (and yes, somewhat cavalier attitude) that produces the breakthrough!
We are all playing with toys right now in the hope that they become
entrenched and refined.  Which they will, inevitably! Because they are
good ideas! (Time is the universe's mechanism for rewarding good
ideas!)  Yesterday's Apple II is today's Quadra.  Paved roads started
out as rocky dirt paths, and in retrospect they look quaint, but they
progressed because they were well-trodden.  People just used them.  If
you think that new technology starts out any other way, then I'm
impressed with your naivete...
well, let me put it this way--if it isn't virtually the essence of
Cypherpunkhood (challenging entrenched, ineffective, mediocre, bloated,
or even corrupt and sinister authority through revolutionary new
technology) then what is? What is your vision? Or do you prefer not to
have one because they are so inconvenient and uncomfortable to pledge
allegiance to, to nourish and sustain?  Because they force you to
rethink some of your most beloved and rooted prejudices? Because they
require such devotion and sacrifice?
patience has its place *after* all possible means for advancement have
been employed. This `patience' thing of yours seems to me like a
euphemism for `chill out'.  Patience is for saints.  Impatience is for
humans. Agitation is for cypherpunks.
Is that your perception of this project? Do you think that the creation
of the newsgroup is equivalent to advocating that statement? Where do
you find such animosity? How is it that something so intrinsically
neutral such as creating a newsgroup be twisted into an act of evil
rebellion and subversion? Is it possible that you should be embarrassed
by reading a bit more into cypherpunks than is there? Is it possible
that you have some agenda we don't know about?
The whistleblower newsgroup will be quite like any other newsgroup.
There will be plenty of noise and unverifiable froth and fizz. We will
work toward trying to improve that content, but it is always a case of
`caveat emptor'. It is a ridiculously impossible ideal to attain of
having a group with only the `truth' posted.  We are not setting out to
replace the entire world government today (although, as for *tomorrow*...)
I think the freedom in posting is the very essence of the whistleblower
group. I think it might be interesting to promote the idea of different
groups, each with different levels of verifiability. The lowest level
would have completely unverified claims and *totally* free posting
(esp. anonymity). Higher groups would have more important mechanisms to
ensure the quality of the information (moderation, prerequisites to
posting, digital signatures, etc.)  I imagine that the verifiable and
meritorious claims would tend to "rise" to higher groups where people
with much higher reputations toss around the data.
(Actually, I can imagine all of Usenet of the future working like this,
with various `tiers' that people can pick at will. People into totally
rabid free speech can subscribe to the raw unfiltered stuff, and at the
other end of the spectrum, all the PC academics into diversity but no
offensiveness to sensitive sensibilities can subscribe to the groups
where a few happy-sunny-whee messages slip through a day...)
p.s. I hate to jab a self-admitted lurker so bluntly, but this reminds
me of Lincoln's advice that ``it is better to be silent and thought a
fool than to speak up and remove all doubt''... Mr. Kinney, maybe we
should call you back in a few years when everything is commercialized,
corporate, conservative, and soulless enough for your tastes.

@_date: 1993-04-16 11:02:29
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: FWEE!: The Counterrevolutionaries Strike Back 
If you think that you are the whistleblower moderator, fine. Be one.
But we need a completely unmoderated group. If you think you have any
right to hold up an unmoderated group to squeeze through your own
bottleneck, please go elsewhere.
I admire and appreciate your work to gain mainstream acceptance of this
group. But we have a great deal to lose through `premature' publicizing
this project. Anonymous servers, if they hadn't been `sneaked on' to
the net, would probably be specifically banned if news and network
administrators were forewarned of their presence. Now I see an awful
lot of backpeddling and fence-hopping by these hypocrites on e.g.
news.admin.policy who say ``Oh gee, we think anonymity is *great*, we
just want to control where you can use it.'' If it weren't for
pioneering and underground cypherpunk work in this area, I believe the
statement would be ``that issue was brought up, and they have been
specifically banned from the network because anonymity is worthless and
only for cowards and criminals.''
You are talking to many people (i.e. bureacrats and legislators) who
may be totally displaced and bypassed (i.e. lose illegitimate power) by
this service.  There are a great many people you are talking to, I
think, whose every interest is to totally castrate the project of any
`offensiveness'. I think you are trying to operate on a much more
respectable level than is possible currently. That level can only be
attained by a gradual evolution of the medium, starting with something
rather crude, kludgy, and unsophisticated.
we are not trying to get everyone in the U.S. to understand how this
works immediately. This is an impossible goal. Your efforts amount to
singlehandedly educating the public about the Internet. To most, the
idea of a worldwide bulletin board is mindboggling enough. If you wait
until everybody and his grandma know what you are talking about, I'll
be dead by then. If you wait until every legislator and bureacrat
understands it, the earth will have crumbled before you finish.
There are plenty of sophisticated people who can benefit from this
*immediately*. We are starting something with training wheels. If we
were IBM we would be doing it like you have in mind, an incredible
backroom strategizing effort before a massive and highly publicized
public rollout with great hype and fanfare. But we are not IBM. We are
cypherpunks. We are the silent underground who slips radical new
conquests past people before they even realize it. Anything less is too
formal, fragile, and lifeless. We are not waiting for you to come out
with your Press Kit before this thing starts.
polled? sounds like an election, like something democratic, like
something that can be twisted by a misguided majority. Again, you sound
like you are looking for a group with high quality control.
Unfortunately, I think this goal is largely antithetical the essential
spirit of the whistleblower idea. The whistleblower is alone and
isolated, almost by definition. Your ideas on filtering incoming
messages, gained from those you've talked to, sound rather naive and
dangerous to me. You're welcome to set up all these mechanisms outside
of a *totally*free* group and `ride' on the traffic therein. But don't
ever propose tampering with that traffic in a centralized fashion. You
will be badly burned.
I think a FAQ posted to the group is an excellent idea. In fact I am
considering putting one up here. But if the group hasn't even been
created yet, we have nowhere to post. The FAQ should come as soon as
possible, but *after* the creation of the group. And if there are a lot
of conflicting demands on a single group, than a FAQ that everyone
agrees to would be impossible to come up with amidst all the objections.
I just don't get it. This is a group like any other. Why do you think
the whole international public has to be prepared for its creation by
you personally?  People have to judge for themselves what to post, and
how reliable the mechanisms are. Sure, we will give the facts on the
security of the medium in the FAQ. But if they don't trust it (and
there will be plenty of reasons not to) then they shouldn't risk it. If
anywhere else there should be less content restrictions and our
overseeing `recommendations' (i.e. dictations) on postings.
There was an interim government prior to the passage of this document.
And there was enormous haggling over the content of it, with many
compromises. The document is not perfect. There are flaws and cracks
that have poked through after 200 years. Do you think our judicial
system is as effective as possible? Do you think our legislative system
is the most representative of people's expectations of and directives
to their subservient government? Do you think our government today
truly represents, in all ways, the intentions of its founders? Do you
think they considered all possible scenarios? Do you think they would
not want to make some minor adjustments or major changes after seeing
200 years pass from their noble experiment? Do you think that anything
that is dynamic can be static?
Our democratic system, at the time of its inception, was almost
radically experimental. The broad commitment to state and human rights,
to the exclusion of federal ones, was quite flabbergasting to the
slaves of the European model...
Look at everything that is efficient in the world, and you will see
that it is so because of *independently operating* components, with
minimized centralized control. When you want to get on your car and go
somewhere, you don't submit any proposals to a government agency for a
Transportation Plan.  The capitalist system works (and certain others,
which shall remain nameless, have failed) precisely because everybody
pursues and uses money *independently*. If they have an idea how to run
a business, they just start one (with great hassle from government
regulations). Usenet works because every server keeps abreast of all
articles *independently*. Message transmission on the internet is so
reliable because virtually an infinite number of routing pathways exist
that a message can take, avoiding any obstacles, each component
performing its job *independently*. Now, let me hear again how you want
us to submit all our public keys to you, submit the group guidelines
for your personal perusal (and presumably veto), and wait for all your
congressional friends to understand the concept? And how this will
ultimately lead to an ideal and robust system?
You simply don't understand. This idea is bigger than you, it is bigger
than me. Anyone who tries to wrap themselves completely around it will
explode from the pressure.
This system will *grow* *itself* to become extremely sophisticated and
respected. Let us not smother the sapling with misguided preconceptions
for nourishment.
`Let's' start a mailing group for `nambypambypunks'. `We'll' get George
``Wouldn't be Prudent at this Juncture'' Bush to join. In fact, `we'
better even start it until `we're' sure he likes the idea.
p.s. cypherpunks, I certainly don't claim to speak for the group as a
whole (such a task would be impossible no matter *what* is said) but I
am becoming a bit disenchanted and disillusioned with some of the
opinions expressed herein. Is it just that the weasels are more vocal?

@_date: 1993-04-17 19:55:51
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: BIGBROTHER: a public attack plan in 14 points 
Someone please wake me from this nightmare.
OK, I'll try to be pragmatic and cut the fiery rhetoric here and avoid
This thing is out. Let's man the battlestations. Here's a nice little
summary sheet of things that we should emphasize in public on the
proposal, for the tip-of-the-tongue comments to friends, coworkers, and
your grandmother. The public stance should be as straightforward and
nontechnical as possible. We should attempt to derail the plan on as
many nontechnical points as possible, because to attack technical
points lends an aura of legitimacy to it, making it sound like `they
had good intentions, but it's not going to work.' The truth (of course)
is that this proposal is an illegitimate child, this time borne of
grotesque bedfellows (e.g. Denning, Clinton and the NSA) but a monster
no matter WHO the parents...  Without further ado, the 14 Points...
1. Look how the proposal was `handed down' like a unilateral decree. It
smacks of a government making decisions for us and excluding us from
the process. The whole proposal sounds kind of sinister when viewed in
the light of its tone of ``we know what's best for you'' and ``if you
don't cooperate, we may have to roll out more nasty things.'' This
unilateral handing-down is really obnoxious, because the administration
has wholly bypassed the congress and the public at large! It has all
the noxious smell of something a dictator (or a naive president prodded
by the sheer force of a massively funded secret federal agency) would do.
2. Clearly there has been a huge amount of secret development on this
and taxpayer money funding it. Why is it that this process has been
wholly shielded from public view until now? Why is so much money being
spent on depriving Americans of their rights? Why are we spending so
much money to eavesdrop on our neighbors (esp. when they seem like such
*nice* people)? It's all so horrifyingly undemocratic and authoritarian
and impolite. Does our government have something to hide? Do they think
we are too stupid to understand the details? Or are they afraid we
would become more disgusted the more we hear?
3. AT&T has already committed, say the rumors, to building phones with
the chip. There must be some sleazy backroom collusion between
executives of this company and the government. Why were others
excluded? Is this part Clinton's vision of free enterprise? Does the
government play favorites among companies? Isn't there something
blatantly illegal about this?
4. The announcement is outright obfuscatory. It specifically excludes
any mention of the NSA when its noninvolvement is a total fantasy. In
fact, the sheet in stating that other agencies are behind it is
something of a lie in this regard. We should attack the proposal as
being absurdly vague on extremely important, *central* points (such as
which two agencies carry the keys), but that even if the
swiss-cheese-quality holes were diminished, the proposal would *still*
be unacceptable; it is fundamentally flawed, a wrong idea that has no
merit whatsoever.
5. Here is a neat analogy. Notice how Joe Policeman has to buy his cars
at any regular car dealer. We don't get excited when we hear that
hoodlums and terrorists and drug dealers can buy cars at the same
place. In other words, law enforcement agencies are not entitled to
special perks or privileges from private industry.  And we don't
tolerate extreme obstructions in our ability to buy cars when we have
the money, the car is there, and we like it. And the government doesn't
restrict us from having cars that can drive faster than policecars. We
don't let the government install special boxes in our cars that can
cripple them by remote control when a cop is chasing us! (note that
analogies have to be perfect or they turn into minutae bogs)
6. More on the free enterprise issue. Why was this single company that
created the Clipper Chip favored by the government? What gives them the
right to have a monopoly? Why is the government deliberately *creating*
a monopoly?  It is thumbing its nose at all those other poor
hardworking cryptography companies who worked so hard, coming up with
better schemes, and were rejected (a little melodrama for grandma there)
7. The chip was developed by `government engineers'. Who? Why is the
government in the realm of something that is the role of private
industry? What is our government doing creating `state of the art'
stuff *at*all*? And why, of all the things they could be improving, are
they coming up with a device to invade people's privacy?
8. We have to attack the ``state-of-the-art'' thing ad infinitum. Has
the government *ever* come up with something state of the art? Do we
Americans want to be  state-of-the-art in the field of privacy
deprivation? How do we know it is `state-of-the-art' when we can't
*look* at it for ourselves, and only hear it from people who are
involved in the project saying `trust us, it's way cool'? Even if it
was as sophisticated as a Cray Supercomputer, are there just some
machines that shouldn't be built? Are there some devices, that, while
technically feasible, shouldn't be built?
9. One of the most important claims is that ``this chip provides no new
authority to wiretap''. We've got to focus on this one. We can say the
constitution specifically prohibits illegal search and seizure, and
that we don't really remember who it was that decided that the
government had free reign on wiretapping. We can say that it has always
been the right of the government to obtain warrents, but it has always
been the right of people to speak in codes, and now new technology is
*helping* people to exercise a right that has always existed but lay
undiscovered because of complexity. 10. In fact, we have to make it sound like new technology like
encryption and cyberspace is going to help us rediscover our rights,
and that vast government agencies that have been built up because we
simply were ignorant of these dormant rights, and are based on our lack
of exercising them, are going to gradually dissolve away, like the way
those associated with the Cold War have, because they are superfluous.
Sure, people will get displaced, and be noisy in their complaints, but
their jobs are no longer necessary or even *possible* in the 21st
century (allusions to breakup of NSA). In fact, maybe we should get a
Privacy Dividend like the much-heralded Peace Dividend  when our
government agencies no longer have the capability to intercept private
communication. How about that--tell the public that we all get a
Privacy Dividend if they embrace unbreakable encryption!
11. Notice that the problem with surveillance and wiretapping is that
it has always been a catch-22---the government needs the data to prove
you are a criminal, but shouldn't have access to that data unless it
can prove you are a criminal. Notice that the proposal talks about The
solution lay in not wiretapping, of course! And now we have technology
to *enforce* this choice. And the proposal talks about `criminals and
terrorists' as if we know exactly who they are---but (as I understand
it, and last I checked!) that is the point of a court to decide.
12. The plan makes it sound like we can somehow boost technological
competitiveness (a real button-pushing hot topic among the public) by
protecting the private communications of companies etc. We have to
attack this and say that these companies only benefit if they have
control over the scheme and it is not `imposed from above' and that
when it is `imposed from above' it actually has the effect of
*weakening* their technological competiveness, because it restricts
their choices into buying something that may not be right for their
needs. We should point out that privacy is complex and the ability for
the government to foresee all needs is ridiculous, and furthermore even
if it had such a capability it would not be its proper role. We have to
really drive this one home: privacy choices (i.e. encryption) is an
issue that has to be decided by the individual. That's the American Way
(tm) -- insert at this point the National Anthem, flag waving, smiling
kid eating apple pie.
13. ``The government must develop consistent, comprehensive policies''
regarding the use of the new infrastructure of data highways. Well, yes
and no. We should talk about data highways as not like real ones in
that people can't have accidents, they are virtually impossible to
damage with mere data, they can withstand tremendous strains in
traffic, regulating mechanisms are *built in* to the software and
hardware, hence the need for government `regulations' is a bit
misguided and inapplicable. Also, the government has no business
telling you that you can only drive one kind of car, or that your car
has to be crippled so it can't go faster than 55 MPH, or that you have
to tell them where you're going every time you get in it, etc.
14. The proposal makes it sound like if the government is just shrewd
enough, they will always be able to intercept and decrypt traffic. We
have to drive home the point that no amount of ingenuity whatsoever can
plug the dike of advancing technology, and that it is not the case that
we warp or befuddle the technology to support our
government--increasingly we will be adapting our government to harness
new and powerful technology!  I.e. we require a fundamental change in
our governing systems, to `access' our newfound rights that have lain
dormant for too long via novel technology, and this proposal can be
viewed as a `last gasp' of a dying system...
Finally, the bright side (really?). We can point out that this
proposal, while intrinsically flawed and nauseatingly abhorrent, is
bringing into public view important issues of cryptography, that much
more sophisticated cryptography will be discovered and widely utilized,
that it reveals the true aims of and weaknesses in our government
process that we can alter, fix, or remove, that people are starting to
realize how much wiretapping is going on and that the sensible and
patriotic goal is to not encourage but limit or abolish it (by making
it impossible), that it reveals the need for trully strong encryption
easily accessable by all the unwashed masses, that it is just a tiny
thread starting the weaving of an entirely new colorful tapestry in our
nation and our government's history (oops, here comes the blaring music
and the flapping flag and the bright-eyed kid again...)
I insert my patriotic and emotional salute to us Cypherpunks here...
p.s. we should point out that Thomas Jefferson actually came up with a
highly sophisticated cryptographic rotor code that was so secure it was
used even for a long time at the beginning of this century, and that
clearly a Founding Father has a strong commitment to strong
cryptography! (see The Codebreakers by Kahn for more info on Jefferson's code)
``If it were necessary to choose between the Government and Privacy, I
should not hesitate to prefer the latter...''
``Give me Privacy, or give me Death...''
p.s. we should point out that Thomas Jefferson actually came up with a
highly sophisticated cryptographic rotor code that was so secure it was
used even for a long time at the beginning of this century, and that
clearly a Founding Father has a strong commitment to strong cryptography!

@_date: 1993-04-18 22:06:28
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: musings from a madman 
Hellman's Hints
This little formula is not obvious to me. It seems to me two basic
questions have to be answered, could someone spell these out given what's known?
1. How the phones interact prior/during a call
2. How the sinister TLAs wiretap
3. How casual eavesdropping by other than billion-dollary agencies is
prevented (if at all)
The Flimsy Code
how is it that CPSR and EFF came out with responses to the initial
announcement virtually instantaneously after its release? Are they just
really swift? I want to know what >every< single person on those
mailing lists has to say about how their name got there and how long
they knew about this abomination (and before they have a chance to
agree on stories!). I don't appreciate Mr. Banisar's little slash
suggesting that the issue is already closed and that anyone who thinks
something just a tad unusual is going on is a deranged conspiracy
monger... I think its kind of cute how he says that `nothing
significant' appeared in the traffic...
Who Has the Keys?
We should be prepared to say what >is< acceptable for the government to
do; don't get caught off guard with a question like ``well, what are
you people proposing as an alternative?'' Here are a few ideas...
1) Get the hell out of the cryptography and hardware development
business, and leave private industry alone to do what it does best when
not harrassed by extortionists and terrorists who shall remain nameless
but have the initials N.S.A. ...
2) Let the NIST pick a phone encryption scheme after totally open
debates and total noninvolvement by the NSA, who is obviously biased.
We can note that this has been attempted to be followed for other
encryption schemes (e.g. digital signature, DES, etc.) why not here?
what's so special?
3) Let communications companies loose on it, stay out of the way or get
trampled by the stampede, and we'll all be happy.
Ministry of Truth (1993-?)
`cypherpunk' actually has some pretty endearing qualities as a name,
and I'd be a bit horrified to give it up, just when I was waiting for
the T shirt ``Cypherpunks do it stealthily'' (secretly? sneakily?). The
public seems to have a bit of fascination for `cyberpunk' right now and
we are just riding on it (stealthily? secretly? sneakily?).  OK, so we
don't publicize that term, but it could actually increase the glamor
and mystery of the cause; we shouldn't pretend that we're not seriously
pissed off...
Quote Corner
``the TURNCOATS ARE COMING!''
``REMEMBER THE LIBERTY!''
``They're HEEEERE...''
``Keys? I thought YOU had the keys! Do you have a crypt hanger? We
better call the cryptsmith...''

@_date: 1993-04-20 14:01:03
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Denning Unmasked 
Denning, April 19
Mr. May calls Mrs. Denning's claims that she was ``not in any way
involved'' with this project ``curious''. I'm a bit amazed at
everyone's tiptoeing around Mrs. Denning and reluctance to challenge
her outright given overwhelming evidence as to her two-facedness. Maybe
it is her established reputation in the field, maybe it is her
cryptography book, maybe it is her participation at conferences like CFP.
Nevertheless, I cannot let lies stand. Mrs. Denning wants to have her
cake and eat it too. She wants to be perceived as an unbiased academic
and taken seriously for her participation in scientific forums. She
also wants to mask her involvement in this proposal, which for me,
appears unequivocal, and only the *degree* and *extent* is unclear. I
cannot comprehend how she cannot be involved. It would not be so
outrageous if she stated that ``I cannot comment on my involvement for
obvious reasons''.  But her denial to me has all the signs of a
desperate fabrication.  Lets look at what she's done:
1. She was the *first*, if I'm not mistaken, to bring up the idea of
splitting keys among impartial agencies many months ago on sci.crypt
after the firestorm and barrage of protests on the initial balloon on
key registration.
2. She has shown ``prescient insight'' (as another tiptoer noted on
sci.crypt) into anticipating major aspects of the proposal.  Key
registration itself was largely unheard-of until she began advocating
the idea. She posts a massive technical description to sci.crypt less
than a week after her initial ``briefing''.
3. The rhetoric (more aptly called propaganda) of the public
announcement closely mirrors words and arguments she used in the
initial debate on sci.crypt, esp. the ``need to balance legitimate law
enforcement goals with privacy.''
4. Since she persists in her sheer, ugly chutzpuh, and people here and
on sci.crypt are still pussyfooting around her, I must offer my new evidence. In early April I became extremely concerned about her continuing
advocation of key registration in the recent further CACM articles in
the face of such vocal opposition and defiance on sci.crypt.  I was
astonished with the claims in her latest posting to sci.crypt when I
read it on 28 March, and replied to it.
I expressed my appreciation for her postings, because ``you're
definitely one of the most highly regard personalities in this area
posting publicly,'' (I was disenchanted enough then not to say
`authority') and I wrote of my extreme concern with her seeming evasion
of addressing critical aspects of the key-registration idea from a
scientific standpoint. I advised her to ``abandon the idea to salvage
the remainder of your reputation''. I will be quoting only some
critical parts of her letter now (there is only one, but it speaks
volumes), and I ask that I not be assaulted for this, because in my
opinion the extreme circumstances merit it, and her hypocrisies cannot
go unchallenged!  Her comments follow her pattern of revealing a few
more details of the overall plan after being violently assaulted on the
revealed ones. (I remind the reader that this all transpired before any
knowledge on my part whatsoever of the Clipper proposal, but apparently
not before her own...)
- - -
L.D.:  (Sun, 28 Mar 93 22:13:06 -0700)
D.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:23:14 EST)
L.D.:  (Sun, 28 Mar 93 22:13:06 -0700)
- - -
L.D.:  (Sun, 28 Mar 93 22:13:06 -0700)
D.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:23:14 EST)
L.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:03:04 -0700)
- - -
L.D.:  (Sun, 28 Mar 93 22:13:06 -0700)
D.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:23:14 EST)
L.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:03:04 -0700)
- - -
D.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:23:14 EST)
L.D.: (Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:03:04 -0700)
- - -
Mrs. Denning did not respond to my letter of Tue, 30 Mar 93 17:03:04
-0700,  for obvious reasons... Let me add that of all the things she
wrote about, the `commercial compliance by requirements on products
sold' alarmed me the most, and I thought she might be hinting at
Telephony-style bill.  I considered sending a warning to the cypherpunk
list, but decided that it would be premature and I intended to watch
and wait for more signs first...
Perhaps I am condemning aspects of my own future in academic circles
for attacking Denning. Perhaps I am the subject of zealous blacklisting
at this moment for my public comments on the Clipper chip. But I cannot
be silent in the face of repulsive and outrageous hypocrisy.
Because of her denial, I have no alternative but to recognize Mrs.
Denning as the intellectual and moral equivalent of a double-agent. She is a traitor to at least *one* cause.  I hope her friends involved
in the Clipper proposal appreciate her work in that area, because, for
me, she no longer has any credibility whatsoever as an unbiased
cryptographic authority or an honest and ethical scientist.  Like a
compromised code, the integrity has been lost...
NOTE! this letter is a *warning* for the private cypherpunks list only!
I do not grant, and specifically prohibit, redistribution. If Mrs.
Denning publicly addresses the points I have raised in this letter, I
will consider my sincere trust misguided and violated.

@_date: 1993-04-22 11:21:52
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: cypherpunks vs. nambypambypunks and cyphercranks 
(For this I move out of my vitriol vein, to dish out something
non-overly-`stinging' even though it *could* be deadly.)
P. Metzger:
Mr. Metzger, surely you realize you can call yourself anything you like
in the mainstream media. However, I was attracted to this list
precisely because of the name, find it highly descriptive and apropos,
and I think trying to change it is counterproductive, superfluous, and
highly disillusioning, and am becoming increasingly annoyed with
attempts to do so.  I will proudly wear the banner of `cypherpunk' even
if it becomes an epithet.
You seem to take it as given that `punk' has negative connotations, but
I assure you that it has a distinct ingredient of allure in the public
consciousness.  Less colorful terms would only provoke blandness and
sabotage the vigor of our cause. Young leaders of the American
Revolution would aptly be deemed ``punks'' by the robe-cladded
wig-wearing British establishment, had the term been around...  Nathan
``Give Me Liberty or Give Me Death'' Hale was quite a punk...
The list is private. People can choose to present themselves in public
any way they like. If they prefer to say that they belong to the
"cryptoprivacy group," fine.  But I believe you are deliberately
ignoring the fundamental underlying personalities of people who are
members of the list in your irritating, noisy, and desperate advocation
to change the name.  In fact, this agenda seems to me very much like
someone trying to impose leadership on anarchy.
Join EFF or CPSR; they seem to think like you do.
``Obviously, to partake in a revolution, one must, by definitition, at
the very minimum, be nonconforming with and disrespectful of the status quo.''

@_date: 1993-04-27 12:45:26
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Clipper key negotiation... 
is nonexistent.
That is, as I understand it, the algorithm for creating/exchanging the
session key that is negotiated at the beginning of each call is *not*
built into the chip or the standard.
Am I correct? Mrs. Denning has conspicuously evaded this issue only by
saying that the keys can be exchanged via Diffie-Hellman or RSA. The
point is, the phone hardware designer/integrator must use an additional circuit.
Isn't this a serious potential defect of the chip? Isn't it amazing
that the design neglects the issue completely? Wouldn't the ideal (or
even `usable'?) chip have this built in? If RSA refused to grant
support to people using the algorithm for this purpose, it could have
tremendous effect in helping  vanquish it... What will be their
commitment in this area? Is Mr. Bidzos annoyed about the Clipper chip
as a veiled revocation of American rights or as a lucrative
opportunity, denied at first, but not later, to get a tasty piece of
the wiretapping pie? It seems to me that Mr. Bidzos has a critically
pivotal decision to make, and to make clear. Or has it been made
already, by someone else?
If somebody comes out with a neat chip that interfaces to the Clipper
*really soon* that has been *totally approved* by RSA for clipper key
negotiation, I'd be a bit suspicious....
Can anybody clear this up? Exactly what parts of session key exchange/
negotiation/ generation are handled by the chip, and which aren't?
There is not even specific information in Denning's statements about
when all this (including the All-American Privacy-Protecting Law
Enforcement Block, ug!) is transmitted (at the beginning of the call,
presumably).  Why hasn't there been more inquiry into this?
Is the key fed to the chip by other circuitry? That would seem to be
the case. The chip appears to be just a low level encryption device,
not something high-level that worries about key manipulation and
trading.  Hence, there may be widely varying approaches to implementing
key exchange.  Not much of a `standard' that leaves unspecified
something so basic.  Notice however that the wiretapper does not care,
because this is not involved in the decryption; the crucial data for
them is that the serial number and family codes be correct for the
chip. So, these aspects are hardwired.

@_date: 1993-04-29 11:39:00
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The May Proposal 
Just when I think I'll lie low awhile, tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C.
May) drops a bombshell:
I'm quite aghast at this little gem of a proposal, which might be
deemed `treasonous' by some (however, I'll limit my flames). In many
ways it is more unpalatable than the Clipper announcement. PGP is
*solid* software for cryptography that is available *now*. What other
software is available? Sure, there are plenty of vague promises and
vaporware, or bits and pieces for little nooks and crannies of
platforms. PGP is the closest thing to *widespread* strong cryptography
available *across* platforms.  Look, support whatever you want. Cypherpunks don't have an official
policy sheet.  But to recommend they stop promoting something that has
formed one of the most stable core commitments of the group is divisive
in itself.  (Sheesh, this group couldn't reach a consensus if only one
person was subscribing!)
are you saying that RSA needs to support Clipperphones? or that they
need the legal torque to suppress granting the patent to
implementations of it? If RSA sells out, which I see every sign of this
happening (lacking explicit reassurances from Bidzos, and in light of
his apparent devotion to the company `stockholders'), then the point is
mute. What makes you so sure they won't (or haven't)?  Also, your
reasoning is bizarre. If RSA wants to protect their patents, then they
should attempt prosecution or pursue agreement, one or the other.  It
is the failure to prosecute that weakens their case, not the existence
of infringers per se. Actually, that is the only way they have to
strengthen their case, to attempt prosecution of perceived infringers.
If they fail to do this then they are implicitly acknowledging their own weakness.
I just don't get this strange and insatiable drive to `respectability'
by outspoken members of this list.  This is the critical period when
cryptography itself is in jeopardy, precisely at the point that we
must, to a large extent, work outside the ``system'' that has
unequivocally demonstrated its hostility to the basic premise of
widespread unbreakable cryptography.  Currently, we cannot have our
unbreakable cryptography and respectability too.  You all remind me of
Denning, who wants to underhandedly promote Clipper and retain her
scientific respectability at the same time. Or the NSA, who wants to
regulate commercial cryptography but completely suppress any innovative
commercial ideas that threaten their (increasingly threatened and
seriously weakened) domination.
I'm on the side that commits to widespread availability of strong
cryptography at any cost and any sacrifice. As Mr. Hughes has written,
``no compromises''.  I think RSA had better make it clear right away
whether they will support the Clipper and Capstone projects or not.
That is the crucial decision at stake. Every minute that a strong
statement is lacking I am further skeptical and suspicious of their true intent.
All this vague legal mumbo jumbo and wonderful rhetoric like `solid
foundation' may have some value in the future, and may even be a
decisive pivot. But the pace of litigation is glacial, and we need
powerful tools *now*.  PGP is such a tool.  The strongest approach to
fighting restrictions on strong cryptography is to USE IT RIGHT NOW.
RSA in a MINUTE could guarantee the legality of PGP by offering
licenses to users. Many have expressed the sincere desire to become
`legitimate'. I consider it a wholly reasonable approach.  Their
continued silence on this point is deafening.  They have not addressed
the possibility whatsoever publicly except to hint that they regret
their inability or inaction in the area.  Why do they refuse to assent?
 There are overtures & negotiations to get the RSADSI libraries into
the code, but this is just (so far) a decoy, distraction, and diversion
in my opinion.  I think the bottom line is that RSA wants more control
over the public key algorithm than P. Zimmerman (a true cypherpatriot)
is willing to grant, and he is willing to take a calculated but
considerable risk, which so far has payed vast, global, valuable
dividends reaped by tens of thousands.
again, not enough platform-independent availability or fanatical
commitment on the part of the companies.  Is there a *universal*,
*freely available* package in there?  How many of those vendors would
take out the strong cryptography if a law were passed to do it?  How
many have already demonstrated their spinelessness by weakly assenting
to disembowel their embedded strong cryptographic techniques? How many
are subject to the whims of RSA or the NSA?
Oh, so we abandon PGP until Mr. Bidzos works out a compromise on his
own terms and own time schedule, is that the idea? He has had *years*
to demonstrate his willingness to `compromise'.  Some parts of the PGP
community would gladly submit to even a one-sided `compromise' of
expensive individual licensing. So far, in my view, he has done nothing
but string along the PGP team, when he (or somebody) has the power to
end the bickering and tension *immediately*.  Many PGP users don't
object to RSA getting rich off the algorithm licenses.  It is not an
issue of money, apparently, though, it is an issue of *control*
(something that any true cypherpatriot should recognize as critical and
not to be given away).  Do you want your strong cryptographic
techniques to be controlled by yourself or someone else?
Mr. Zimmerman has never seen `any real revenues' from his work and to
attribute his basic past motive to that purpose is mercenary and
tasteless. He has a true and passionate commitment to strong
cryptography, enough that he risked his personal comfort and sacrificed
years of his life to promoting it, and the documentation accurately
represents that drive.
Yes, a court battle would be divisive. It would probably bankrupt Mr.
Zimmerman and distract RSA if pursued vigorously. But RSA can wholly
avoid it. On the other hand, a court battle could bring public favor to
the cryptographic cause. It could set a clear precedent for the dubious
legality of software patents. There are many wildcards. Would many
people send Zimmerman money if he was prosecuted? Would EFF get
involved? Would he be perceived as the David vs. the Goliath? Does RSA
have a strong, legal, legitimate case?  Only a Sternlight would think
the issue is clear cut.
PGP is essential now because it is supported on many platforms, has a
common format, is not limited to mail, has attained a sophisticated
degree of reliability, is continuing to be supported extremely
responsively, is not limited by wishywashy and halfhearted commitment
by its developers, was born of the true motive that *everyone* deserves
and requires strong cryptography *today* and that there's something
just a little upsetting about big conglomerates getting rich off of
selling algorithms for a freedom like privacy.  Do you want to trade
something solid for something vapid?
I will support RSA when they show an unequivocal commitment to the
proliferation of strong cryptography by allowing individual users to
obtain licenses. So far, they have only worked with companies. They
stand to make *more* if they had the unorthodox whim to allow users to
receive licenses. People have been asking for ``a commitment from RSA
in this area'' for *many months* if not *years*.  There are ulterior
motives present that are not apparent in talking exclusively to Bidzos, I'm sure.
Here is my position on PGP: yes, it has dubious legal ground. But so
did many other revolutionary technologies at the time of their
inception. RSA has had plenty of opportunities to send a clear signal
by either prosecuting or promoting PGP (the former in potentially
devastating ways, the latter in potentially lucrative ways). That they
have not done either suggests to me that they don't understand the
fundamental importance of the issue in some way.  It seems to me
somebody directing RSA (Bidzos perhaps) wants to straddle the fence,
and is continuing to do so, and that PGP and Clipper (so far) are just
two aspects of a pattern. But I think somebody at RSA had better pick a
side soon or they will be speared by both sides of the fence.
I think it would be overly optimistic and idealistic to think that PGP
will be here, say, 10 years from now. It is a stepping stone to grander
things, but a *crucial* one at this point, and not to be abandoned but
remembered, revered, and *used*.  Do you know how many man-hours have
gone, and continue to go, into its development and maintenance?  Many
new wrinkles will be occuring in time, but right now PGP is the
well-deserving cyphersoftware of choice.
Until RSA makes some clear statements of their intent on critical
issues like Clipper/Capstone/PGP, I don't consider them an ally.  At
this point their silence can be taken as an affront to *all* sides. Right now I think the clock is ticking on a blatant sellout, but I'd
just love to be pleasantly surprised. So far the only thing surprising
about RSA is their conspicuous inconspicuousness.  And there are
ominous rumors that they will be or are starting to target prominent
PGP users in a mailwriting campaign.  The issue is not ``will RSA be
our ally if we sacrifice PGP?'' but ``why has RSA not responded despite
reasonable overtures?''
In my opinion, J. Bidzos needs to answer the following explicitly and
satisfactorily before cypherpunks consider RSA their Salvation:
1. Will RSA sell licenses to companies seeking to use the public key
algorithm in Capstone and Clipper implementations?  What was the exact
RSA involvement in those areas prior to the announcement?
2. Why has RSA refused to sell individual licenses to PGP users despite
the continued expressions of willingness and desire to cooperate on the
part of many of those users?
3. What is the real RSA position/plan/policy on patent infringers, if there is one?
4. Who is fundamentally in control of RSA, anyway? Bidzos? R. S. & A.?
Shareholders? the NSA? Accountants and lawyers? What is the underlying agenda?
``Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.''

@_date: 1993-04-30 22:37:44
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: electronic democracy: approaching at megabit speed! 
============================== START ==============================
This came from the `privacy digest' mailing list. Of particular
interest is the opening & `onlining' of government databases. Also note
that the noted Sen. Leahy has expressed serious concern over the
Clipper and is chairing hearings on it.
`mood of declassification'?
`require more openess throughout the bureacracy'?
`electronic mail to improve citizen participation'?
Some words that have been coined to describe this kind of thing for
future sound-bite reference: `modemocracy' (saw this in a Compuserve
magazine) or `netocracy' (my own coining)
   [ Original posting source: nigel.allen at canrem.com in              igc:alt.news-media -- MODERATOR ]
 White House Official Outlines Freedom of Information Strategy
 at 'Information Summit'
 To: National Desk, Media Writer
 Contact: Ellen Nelson of The Freedom Forum First Amendment Center,
          615-321-9588
   NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 13  -- A White House official
today outlined a broad open government strategy for
the Clinton administration, throwing support behind legislation
to apply the Freedom of Information Act to electronic records.
   "At the Clinton White House, most of the debate over the E-mail
system is about how we can interconnect it to public services rather
than how we can destroy the records or tear out the hard drives
before the subpoenas come to reach us," said John Podesta, assistant
to the president and staff secretary.
   Podesta made his comments in front of 70 participants in the
nation's first Freedom of Information Summit, sponsored by The
Freedom Forum First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University.
   Though the economy dominates the headlines, Podesta said the new
administration was quietly working across a broad front to open
government.  His "predictions for the first year," included:
   -- Working with Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) to win approval
this session for a bill allowing access to dozens of electronic
databases in the federal government.
   -- Developing an electronic mail system within the federal
government to improve citizen participation in government.
   -- Making the government's archives available on the nation's
"information highway," and appointing a national archivist "who
cares more about preserving history than about preserving his job."
   --Creating a "mood of declassification" with new executive orders
from the president outlining what government may keep secret.
   -- "Reinventing government" under initiatives developed by the
fall by Vice President Gore to require more openness on the part of
civil servants throughout the bureaucracy.
   Podesta also pledged lobbying reform and political reform to "get
rid of the soft money in campaigns." The Freedom of Information
Act may need strengthening in addition to electronic access, he said.
   Pinched by a dozen years of tight information policy, news
organizations have sent President Clinton a freedom of information
policy paper calling for wholesale personnel changes in FOIA-related
jobs, junking the secrecy classifications of President Reagan's
Executive Order 12356, overhauling the Freedom of Information Act and
ending military censorship of war reporting.
   "People working on behalf of the public on more openness in
government at all levels are heartened by the prospect of the White
House taking the lead in this area," said Paul McMasters, executive
director of The Freedom Forum First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt
   The conference, sponsored by The Freedom Forum First Amendment
Center at Vanderbilt University, is focusing on issues ranging from
the Clinton administration's policies on open government to
restrictions on public access to crime, accident and disaster scenes.
The conference, open to the public, is at the Stouffer Hotel in
downtown Nashville.
   Speakers on the Clinton FOI Agenda included Richard Schmidt Jr.,
general counsel to the American Society of Newspaper Editors and
partner in the law firm of Cohn & Marks in Washington, D.C.; Theresa
Amato, the director of the FOI Clearinghouse in Washington, D.C. and
staff counsel for Public Citizens Litigation Group in Washington,
D.C.; and Quinlan Shea, former Carter administration official who
discussed problems of access to government.  Former American hostage
Terry Anderson will give the keynote address at the dinner tonight.
   The Freedom Forum First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University
is an independent operating program of The Freedom Forum.  The
Center's mission is to foster a better public understanding of and
appreciation for First Amendment rights and values, including freedom
of religion, free speech and press, the right to petition government
and peaceful assembly.
   The Freedom Forum is a nonpartisan, international organization
dedicated to free press, free speech and free spirit for all people.
It is supported entirely by an endowment established by Frank E.
Gannett in 1935 that has grown to more than $700 million in
diversified managed assets.  Its headquarters is The Freedom Forum
World Center in Arlington, Va.
 -30-
Canada Remote Systems - Toronto, Ontario

@_date: 1993-08-03 23:29:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: CAKE--Citizens Against Key Escrow 
Hey cypherfolks. It seems to me that the fundemental issue of the
acceptability of key escrow is not getting debated well enough in the
mainstream media. The Clipper debate keeps getting framed in terms of
`who will be the escrow agencies' or `how secure is the algorithm
really' or whatever. Also, I'm a bit disappointed in both EFF and CPSR
not coming out with firm positions *against* key escrow systems in
general (CPSR spokesman: `I don't want to sound too stridently
opposed...').  We have something of a void.  The problem is that the
stance is seen as anti-law enforcement by these organizations (or they
are afraid it will be perceived that way).
Anyway, as part of the propaganda effort, I am proposing starting a new
`group' called the Citizens Against Key Escrow. (Now, don't get too
excited.) To start out, what would be ideal is just a document
describing Clipper, a lot of anti-Clipper propaganda, and the appended
*signatures* of everyone who is a `member' of CAKE and affirms the
position `unlimited and unrestricted use of strong cryptography is an
inalienable right.'
Please do *not* mail me saying that you want to sign it. I'm not ready.
In particular, I'd like to propose that a patriotic cypherpunk set up a
mini-email server to handle signature additions, so that people can
send automated messages. Then, when this is posted to sci.crypt and
circulated to every dark corner of Cyberspace, the ability to handle
the traffic will be automatic, and hopefully we will collect *many*
signors. (Yes, there could be tricky authentication issues with names.
I would like to see the utmost attention given to the veracity of
signors if possible. If `David Sternlight' makes it to the list we know
its fake, and people could criticize it on that ground. Maybe some way
to `contest signatures' via email--if a signature is contested it is removed?) By the way, the supposed `comprehensive policy review' blared in the
Clipper announcement by the Clinton adminstration regarding
cryptographic policies (export, freedom of use, etc.) is rumored to be
over in mid-September. Surprise, they haven't contacted us yet! This
document would be something tangible to present and herald to them
*prior* to a big ugly hand-me-down announcement. If we got press
coverage of our view, saying that we're being excluded, that these are
the real issues at stake, and then the real announcement came out
shortly thereafter with all the inevitable bad news, it would be a great PR coup.
Anyway, here are some propaganda items that will be included in the
final document if this actually happens. I'd really appreciate if
anyone would contribute *specific* paragraphs. (I've never really
gotten great response from this kind of query, despite a lot of lip
service and excitement, and judging by the current Cypherpunk FAQ this
is not uncommon, but I'm the eternal optimist.)
- Description of Clipper
- Emphatic terms: we think Skipjack could be a strong algorithm, but
key escrow is inappropriate for a civilized cyberspatial society
- of course, we're not against law enforcement in general! we just
believe that just as the government currently has the capability to
wiretap insecured communications, the public has a right to thwart
wherever it wants with it secured
- Debate on security of key agencies, who will be `it' etc. are
smokescreen decoys by the NSA
- Indications that key escrow is not the actual fundamental motivation
of Clipper, from FOIA documents (the classification of the national
security reasons), the rather pathetic circumlocutions about vaults and
the agencies, etc.
- Maybe a little history of NSA and the abuses from Bamford
- Jefferson as cryptographic innovator, other revolutionaries requiring
anonymity and security in their writing
- Constitutional issues: freedom of speech and illegal search & seizure
- cryptographic device export restriction by the NSA
- Quotes from the FBI and NSA: cryptography is like nitroglycerin, we
might have a lot of dead bodies lying around, all the waffling quotes
about whether cryptography should be regulated, etc.
If you have anything on the above, please send it! In particular I need
`mini-essays'.  This is another project that everyone can contribute to
and prove we're not just a bunch of listless, noisy, inconsequential
nihilists. (Once again, my optimism overshadows my memory.)

@_date: 1993-08-04 00:29:25
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: comments on Denning's American Scientist article on Clipper 
Some notes on the D. Denning article on Clipper in Sigma Xi American
Scientist, July-August, vol 81 p. 319-323. Essentially almost nothing
new for people who have tracked the debate on the Internet. Some tiny
scraps at the end.
This is a sort of `Scientific American' article on the Clipper chip.
Apparently it was written before the switch to the Skipjack moniker,
although under the photo caption of the chip it states `The name
`Clipper Chip' should not be confused with Integraph Corperation's microprocessor.'
The article begins by noting that cryptography is as ancient as Julius
Caesar and the Gallic Wars. Clinton's Clipper and Capstone as a `new
government standard for encryption.'  Short blurb on public key
cryptosystems a la Diffie & Hellman and RSA in mid 1970s, `a turning
point in the development of modern cryptosystem.' (Madam, it is a
revolution.) DES in 1977 by IBM `with advice from the National Security
Agency.'  Mentions PEM as example of `growing interest in strong
cryptosystems that protect unclassified, private-sector
telecommunications and computer data.'
Next, the AT&T Model 3600 Telephone Security Device, which used the DES
chip that `illustrates the basic issues--some technical and some
societal--involved in securing voice communcations.' Denning says the
key exchange algorithm in the phone is `proprietary' but gives the
Diffie Hellman math as example.
Then we hear of Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 that
limits electronic surveillance, including wiretapping, to be `conducted
lawfully only by law-enforcement agencies that are authorized with a
court warrant, and then only for serious criminal activities in which
other means of gathering evidence have failed, are likely to fail or
are too dangerous.'
`This act prohibits surveillance in other cases such as political
discourse. The law provides a practical basis for safeguarding privacy
rights while allowing legitimate criminal investigations. In applies
only to federal investigations; two-thirds of the states have their own
laws that govern local surveillance activities.'
`Officials in the Dept. of Justice have become concerned that the
increasing use of digital encoding and the success of public
cryptography may make it impossible to intercept or understand criminal
communications. The AT&T telephone device added urgency to that
concern.' Hm, even the Clipper announcement didn't note any `concern'...
Then, Clipper was `proposed' by Clinton administration to (1) secure
telephone conversations, (2) preserve law-enforcement capability to
`legally intercept the telephone conversations of suspected criminals'
(wow, finally a word like `suspected' or `reputed' or `alleged' in
conjunction with Clipper, a real milestone), and (3) split key escrow
system that `balances' privacy.  `The president declared that it is
essential to establish these principles now, while the `national
information infrastructure' is still young, so that privacy and
effective law enforcement can guaranteed for everyone in years ahead.'
I don't recall that proclamation. What were his exact words again?
Next, description of Clipper and Capstone and the first user-friendly
diagrams suitable for public consumption showing the key generation,
communication session, and interception.  Fairly detailed esp. with the
key generation. Does not indicate at all how the key escrow agencies
are assured that the chip IDs presented to them are actually of the
people named in a warrant. `The details of the law-enforcement field
are classified so that no one will be able to construct compatible
chips that bypass this feature. Consequently, the structure of the law
enforcement decoder is classified.'
Then, Capstone as Clipper successor `will be relased this summer' with
all the same elements plus DSA, key negotiation, exponentiation, and
random number generator. `If the Capstone Chip become available on
workstations and personal computers, it could also be used for Privacy
Enhanced Mail.'  (Boy, clearly someone at NSA is really concerned about
this PEM thing.)
Yeeks, here's the news: `The Clinton administration intends to [promote
Clipper and] by developing and promulgating a standard for all
sensitive, unclassified federal communications by the end of 1993.'' The ominous statement is that this seems to suggest something more than
Clipper.  `The Clinton administration believes that industry will
follow the government's lead as it did in the 1970s with the DES
system.' (we'll see.) `The administration does not propose to enforce the use of the Clipper
Chip because it believes the technology will become widespread without coercion'.
This is the tantalizingly familar NSAspeak into which people can read
whatever they want, the same sounds-OK-except-to-here and
what-are-they-really-saying sentence structure that permeated the
Clipper announcment. Taken in the first half, it seems to be the most
bold and unequivocal indication so far in the popular press that
Clipper nor any other system will be `enforced'. On the other hand, it
also has the ulterior suggestion that if the technology does *not*
become widespread without coercion, some other attack will be
formulated, and the `administration' cannot be considered liable for
any seeming promises for unrestriction.
Now, for the kicker: the National Security Council will finish their
`comprehensive policy review' hinted in the Clipper announcement on
`privacy, secure business communications, ... electronic surveillance,
... manufacture and export of advanced [cryptographic] products, use of
advanced [cryptographic] technologies in digital networks and
telecommunications, ... expected to be completed in September'.
Can't wait for that one. `issues such as software encryption and
private-sector standards are likely to be raised by industry during the
process'. Don't you love that ubiquitous evasive passive voice? As the
Clipper announcement stated `public debate is expected to
intensify'...yelled at and echoing off the brick wall of the castle,
soon to disgorge the concealed schemers with their Royal Proclamation
for the Citizenry...
At the end:  `Note: the author obtained some of the information in this
article during private briefings with the National Security Agency and
the Federal Bureau of Investigation.' No kidding.

@_date: 1993-08-04 00:49:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Clipper Key generation 
The Clipper key generation is almost too bizarre to contemplate. In the
recent Denning article we still have the fantastically implausible (or
at least unimaginable) indication that it is all done on a `laptop
computer'. She left out the indication that it is destroyed. Only one
implausibility at a time.
Anyway, there are various aspects that don't entirely make sense, or
seem to indicate some kind of ulterior design constraints. I would like
to hear speculation on what the design constraints were.
In particular, they could just let the key generator site create random
keys. But then there would be accusations that they are encoding secret
information or something, and the appearance is too much like `we will
know all the keys' irrespective of key escrow agencies. So we have this picture of the two escrow agencies entering in
information into the initial system that determines the final unit key,
two 80 bit values.  This means the escrow agencies could theoretically
combine keys and reproduce the entire process to recompute the unit key
and prove that the key generation as described is actually taking
place. It also makes it look like the key originates completely from
outside sources. But wait! The generation site (read: NSA in capital
letters) supplies the `starting serial number'. That is, it is
completely at the discretion of the NSA to determine the serial number.
Now, given that this should be random and contain no extra information,
wouldn't we all feel a bit more comfortable if the key escrow agencies
also supplied it, or that it was based on their input? What could be
put in the serial number that is useful?  There are 64 bits to play
with here and the two keys are 160. Denning says that it is `padded' --
almost a Freudian slip.
The key generation process is rather interesting. It clearly is not
`cryptographically secure' in the sense that it relies on the security
of an algorithm for protection against abuse. This makes me think of
the following problem, which I wonder how has been explored in the literature:
consider it the Clean Key Generation problem. How can a chip be
programmed such that no one ever has the complete key all at once? I
would like to see the chip go through two stages: in the first stage
the first agency plugs in their half of the secret key, in the second
stage the second key agency does so, and the ability for either to read
the other is impossible. This would guarantee there is no illicit
archival. In fact, the centralized key generation in the scheme seems
so absolutely preposterous, because it is not `cryptographically
secure', it is only `NSA-assured-secure' (hey, a new category of
communications security!) What is the assurance that the facility is `safe'?
Alternatively, it would be very useful to devise some cryptographic or
technological scheme whereby a chip could be programmed at a
centralized location based on the input from multiple escrow agencies,
but the complete key is never available to the programmers. Seems like
a real catch-22, but then again so is public key cryptography (need to
ruminate on this one some more).
of course, these are all just theoretical ramblings and not to be taken
in any way of endorsement of key escrow...

@_date: 1993-08-06 00:23:39
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Brooks as quoted by Peter Wayner 
Peter Wayner Assistant Director of the NSA.
this is something to celebrate! break out the bubbles!

@_date: 1993-08-06 23:13:56
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NSA SAYS: NO LIMIT ON ENCRYPTION 
questions--a MINDBOGGLER!
`drastic'? `imprudent'? this from the NSA?
GOOD LORD! HALLELUJA! VICTORY!
(Is that a typo?! Did they mean `not far enough'? That's what I
*thought* they said at first!)
(uh, if this is right, can we get that in writing? with D. Denning's signature?)
BTW, This paragraph is almost incoherent and has another typo. Did NSA
have a hangover when they wrote this? Or were they drunk?
* * *
Other notes:
This is the `give the NSA more money for research' argument, and is
infeasible not solely because of `a number of forms of encryption and
applications' but because of the underlying *security* of the emerging schemes.
Also in this they specifically address the question of whether Key
Escrow is legal within constitutional rights. Here they are so bold as
to suggest the 4th amendment is *strengthened* because only `legally
lawfully authorized' (their three most favorite words) taps can be
installed. Interesting, I wonder how our esteemed forefathers would
react to this unique interpretation of their masterpiece.
But as long as Skipjack is voluntary this begs the question. The
fundamental question: is *mandatory* or *restricted* use unconstitutional?
Also, we have the first official written admission that `criminals' may
turn to other schemes or `double encrypt' (i.e. encrypt the data into the system).
Answers to Clipper Questions
In a previous EFFector Online, we printed some of the 114 questions sent to
President Clinton by the Digital Privacy & Security Working Group on the
Clipper Chip.  On July 29, we received a response to these questions from
John D. Podesta, Assistant to the President and Staff Secretary.  Some
highlights of the response follow.  The complete text of the response will
be posted to EFF's ftp site.
Why is key escrow being proposed?
The development of key escrow encryption technology was born out of a
recognition on the part of the U.S. Government of the public's growing
desire for high quality encryption capability for commercial and private
use.  At the same time, the Government was concerned that the widespread
use of this technology could make lawfully authorized electronic
surveillance much more difficult.  Historically, law enforcement
encountered very little encryption, owing largely to the expense and
difficulty in using such technology.  With growing availability of lower
cost, commercial encryption technology for use by U.S. industry and private
citizens, it became clear that a strategy was needed that could accommodate
the needs of the private sector for top notch communications security; of
U.S. industry to remain competitive in the world's secure communications
market; and of U.S. law enforcement to conduct lawfully-authorized
electronic surveillance.
Enhancing the government's ability to decrypt non-key escrow encryption
used by the targets of authorized law enforcement wiretaps is another
possible strategy for coping with the effects of encryption on law
enforcement.  However, since encryption appears in a number of forms and
applications, the costs are likely to be substantial and may not be either
affordable or practical given the requirement for "real time" decryption in
the course of wiretap operations.
Why is the algorithm classified?
A classified algorithm is essential to the effectiveness of the key escrow
solution.  The use of a classified algorithm assures no one can use the
algorithm in non-escrowed systems.  Also, disclosure of the algorithm
would, in effect, provide the world with an extremely secure encryption
capability that could be implemented and used in systems by those whose
interests are adverse to U.S. national security interests.  Finally, NSA
classifies all of the algorithms used for defense systems as part of its
policy to take all reasonable steps to assure the security of systems it
develops.  The algorithm was classified in accordance with Executive Order
12356 and its implementing regulations.
For all these reasons the encryption algorithm could not be chosen from
those already available to the public, such as the Data Encryption Standard
(DES).  Similarly, the algorithm cannot be published for public review and
comment.  Nonetheless, in keeping with the Presidential Decision Directive
of April to allow independent experts to review the integrity of the
classified algorithm, five such experts have already begun a study of the
algorithm.  We expect their findings to be made public soon.
Is the key escrow initiative compatible with constitutional rights?
Questions have been raised whether the requirement of key disclosure
infringes upon one's right to free speech under the First Amendment, the
right against self incrimination contained in the Fifth Amendment, or the
right against improper search and seizure in the Fourth Amendment.  The key
escrow scheme does not require the owner or user of a device equipped with
the key escrow encryption chip to say or produce anything.  The key escrow
technique in no way addresses the issue of what people may choose to say,
and the individual user of key escrow products will not be required to
provide the government any information.  Indeed, the individual will not
know the keys.  Thus, this technology or technique in no way impacts the
rights available under the First or Fifth Amendments.
Law enforcement organizations will not be able to decrypt communications
without the device unique key and they can only obtain the key components
needed to determine a device unique key after making an appropriate
certification of their authority to conduct electronic surveillance to the
independent key escrow agents.  Thus, this technology actually strengthens
the Fourth Amendment protections afforded individuals, since law
enforcement cannot obtain the contents of communications without first
obtaining the key component.
Will use of the key escrow technology be required?
One point clearly stated in the Presidential Decision Directive and
emphasized several times since April is that use of key escrow encryption
technology is voluntary.  While the U.S. government encourages its use
because of the excellent security it provides, and will promulgate
standards permitting its use by government departments and agencies, there
is no requirement that the public use it.  No doubt some, particularly
those intent on thwarting authorized wiretaps, will buy other forms of
encryption or could "double encrypt" their communications suing a key
escrow device in combination with a non-escrowed device.  But we believe
the vast majority will buy this system because it is easy to use, provides
superb security, and likely will be readily available in commercial
The Administration has chosen to encourage the widespread use of key escrow
devices rather than mandating or regulating its use.  Though we recognize
the risks to law enforcement activities posed by the widespread use of
sophisticated encryption products, we also recognize that encryption is an
effective means to secure communications and computer systems.  Thus far,
government purchases and standards have created secure products that sere
bought by private citizens "piggybacking" on the government's development
effort.  It makes little sense for the government to promulgate standards
or to develop products that will defeat law enforcement interests if and
when they spread to the private sector.  Because these measures may be
sufficient to make key escrow encryption the easiest and most available
privacy protection it would be imprudent to pursue the far more drastic
step of regulating private encryption.  The Administration has progressed
far enough in its review to conclude it will not propose new legislation to
limit use of encryption technology.

@_date: 1993-08-08 21:16:26
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: CFP '94 announcement 
There was a huge amount of interest in this last time around, so I'm posting this to the list for anyone who hasn't seen it.
p.s. look who's running the `student paper competition'...
Newsgroups: comp.security.misc,comp.org.acm
                    Conference Announcement               Computers, Freedom, and Privacy 1994                          23-26 March 1994
     The fourth annual conference, "Computers, Freedom, and
Privacy," (CFP'94) will be held in Chicago, Il., March 23-26, 1994. The conference is hosted by The John Marshall Law School; George B.
Trubow, professor of law and director of the Center for Informatics
Law at John Marshall, is general chair of the conference. (E-Mail:
7trubow at jmls.edu). The program is sponsored jointly by these
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Special Interest Groups:
Communications (SIGCOMM); Computers and Society (SIGCAS); Security,
Audit and Control (SIGSAC).
     The advance of computer and communications technologies holds
great promise for individuals and society.  From conveniences for
consumers and efficiencies in commerce to improved public health
and safety and increased participation in government and community,
these technologies  are fundamentally transforming our environment
and our lives.
     At the same time, these technologies present challenges to the
idea of a free and open society.  Personal privacy is at risk from
invasions by high-tech surveillance and monitoring; a myriad of
personal information data bases expose private life to constant
scrutiny; new forms of illegal activity may threaten the
traditional barriers between citizen and state and present new
tests of Constitutional protection; geographic boundaries of state
and nation may be recast by information exchange that knows no
boundaries in global data networks.
     CFP'94 will present an assemblage of experts, advocates and
interest groups from diverse perspectives and disciplines to
consider freedom and privacy in today's "information society." A
series of pre-conference tutorials will be offered on March 23,
1994, with the conference program beginning on Thursday, March 24,
and running through Saturday, March 26, 1994.
     The Palmer House, a Hilton hotel located in Chicago's "loop,"
and only about a block from The John Marshall Law School, is the
conference headquarters.  Room reservations should be made directly
with the hotel after September 1, 1993, mentioning John Marshall or
"CFP'94" to get the special conference rate of $99.00, plus tax.
                     The Palmer House Hilton
               17 E. Monroe., Chicago, Il., 60603
      Tel: 312-726-7500;  1-800-HILTONS;  Fax 312-263-2556  Communications regarding the conference should be sent to:
                             CFP'94
                    The John Marshall Law School
                       315 S. Plymouth Ct.
                     Chicago, IL 60604-3907
(Voice: 312-987-1419; Fax: 312-427-8307; E-mail: CFP94 at jmls.edu)
      CALL FOR CFP'94 PARTICIPATION AND PROGRAM SUGGESTIONS
     It is intended that CFP'94 programs will examine the potential
benefits and burdens of new information and communications
technologies and consider ways in which society can enjoy the
benefits while minimizing negative implications.      Proposals are requested from those who desire to present an
original paper in a relevant area of technology, policy analysis or
law, or to suggest a program presentation.  Any proposal (1) should
not exceed three typewritten double-spaced pages; (2) must state
the title of the paper or program; (3) briefly describe its theme
and content; and (4) set out the name, address, credentials and
experience of the author or suggested speakers. If a proposed paper
has already been completed a copy should be attached to the
                    STUDENT PAPER COMPETITION
Full time college or graduate students are invited to enter the
student paper competition.  Papers must not exceed 2500 words and
should address the impact of computer and telecommunications
technologies on freedom and privacy in society.  Winners will
receive a scholarship to attend the conference and present their
papers. All papers should be submitted by November 1, 1993 (either
as straight text via e-mail or 6 printed copies) to:
                      Prof. Eugene Spafford
                 Department of Computer Science
                        Purdue University
                  West Lafeyette, IN 47907-2004
         E-Mail: spaf at cs.purdue.edu; Voice: 317-494-7825
                          REGISTRATION
Registration information and fee schedules will be announced by
September 1, 1993.  Inquiries regarding registration should be
directed to RoseMarie Knight, Registration Chair, at the JMLS
address above; her voice number is 312-987-1420.
[W]: The Aerospace Corp. M1/055 * POB 92957 * LA, CA 90009-2957 * 310/336-8228
[Email]:faigin at aero.org, faigin at acm.org         [Vmail]:310/336-5454 Box
"I have a spelling checker/It came with my PC/It plainly marks four my revue/
Mistakes I cannot sea/I've run this poem threw it/I'm sure your pleased too no/
Its letter perfect in it's weigh/My checker tolled me sew."      Pennye Harper

@_date: 1993-08-10 22:12:13
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: obtaining Wired article 
Mr. W. K. Russel (a rather transparent neophyte =) posted this to the
list referencing private mail he sent to me, which perhaps he meant to
he said the following:
I finally got a note back from Jane Metcalfe (jane at wired.com) saying that
the article text is available on America Online, or you can order that
issue of the mag for $10.
She told me WIRED is available on most newsstands, and at B Dalton,
Waldenbooks, Safeway, and Egghead Software.  I went right down to B Dalton
and bought the current issue.  It's very slick and looked interesting (not
cheap, though--$6.00 an issue).
You can subscribe at $29.95 for 12 issues to subscriptions at wired.com.

@_date: 1993-08-10 22:16:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: birth of Software Patent Institute 
Don't know anything about this, but it's a definite Cypherpunk cause...
the first question to ask would be whether they're in touch with LPF at all.
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-10 22:22:13
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: AAAS-ABA `Ethics of Computers' conference announcement 
Reprinted from SCIENCE magazine July 30, 1993 vol.261 pg. 632
NETWORK ETHICS: A CALL FOR PAPERS
The AAAS-ABA National Conference of Lawyers and Scientists (NCLS) invites proposals for original papers for presentation at a two-and-a-half day invitational conference on "Legal, Ethical, and Technological Aspects of Computer and Network Use and Abuse."  Forty participants representing a diverse set of perspectives and areas of expertise will present papers at the conference which will be held in southern California in mid-December 1993.  Up
to three successful applicants will receive travel expenses and room and board
at teh conference.  Papers will be included in the conference proceedings and
may be published subsequently in a book or journal symposium.
technology can influence the bounds of the bounds of acceptable behavior and
foster the development of positive human values in a shared computer
environment.  Participants will address handling unwanted intrusions
into computer software or networks, including unauthorized entry and dissemination of viruses through networks or shared disks.  Also on the agenda: access to
information, privacy, security, and equity; the role of computer users, academic institutions, industry, profesional soceities, government, and the  law in defining and maintaining legal and ethical standards for the use of
computer networks; and a policy agenda for implementing these standards.
papers reporting empirical research, surveys of computer users, and case studies (other than those that are already well known) are especially forward a summary or outline of no more than 500 words, together with a one-page resume and a brief statement detailing how your expertise or perspective would contribute to the meeting.  These proposals will be reviewed by an advisory committee convened by NCLS and successful applicants will be asked to prepare papers for the meeting.  Participants must submit an original previously unpublished paper, between 5000 and 8000 words (25 to
30 double-spaced pages) in length.
selected to prepare papers will be informed by 1 October, and draft papers will be due 3 December 1993.  Final versions of the papers, revised in light of conference discussions, will be due approximately two months after the
for the Advancement of Science and the American Bar Association, dedicated to
improving communication between members of the legal and scientific/
technical professions and exploring issues at the intersection of law, science,
and technology.  Funding for this meeting has been providesd by the Program
on Ethics and Vales Studies of the National Science Foundation.  For further
information or to submit paper abstracts and accompanying materials, please
contact Deborah Runkle, Directorate for Science & Policy Programs, AAAS, 1333 H Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005.  Phone: 202-326-660, Fax: 202-289-
4950.  E-mail: values at gwuvm.gwu.edu.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-11 22:22:42
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: more on Software Patent Institute by LPF 
(Someone wondered whether this was relevant to the list. The software
patent issue goes back a long ways with the cypherpunks and is
pre-eminent in `our' role of software development and the use of PGP
and other cryptographic and general algorithms.)
With that aside, here is some more info that should help cypherpunks
decide whether SPI is friend or foe, and I'd like to see reactions. They are either an obstacle or a useful tool in the eradication of past
and future software patents.
I used the subject `birth of the SPI' in the first message because
(ahem) I'd never heard of this organization or seen it mentioned here,
which is somewhat surprising given its goal. They may be fairly new but
Richard Stallman of FSF (Free Software Foundation) has forwarded a
paper by LPF (League of Programming Freedom) as early as April, so
they've been around at least that long, at least in theory.
The LPF paper is a bit speculative and clearly doesn't know what to
make of SPI except taking a rather pessimistic view--it probably came
out around the time of its inception.  The SPI acc. to the statement is
going to be a professional, searchable database in the style of Westlaw
and Lexus with a charge for access, `which suggests that in practice it
may be available primarily to larger companies'. This is probably the
most damaging claim:
Here are the other assertions:
- the database will tend to help companies strengthen their future
patents by eliminating the weak aspects by searching through the
database of `prior art'
- the SPI `cannot prevent all patents that harm the software field but
prevent a certain kind of Patent Office mistake: overlooking prior art
whose prior publication can be proved', `only a fraction of the patents
that cause trouble for programmers'.
But the LPF paper is very unsatisfying. It closes by simply suggesting
not to bother with SPI but
Definitely a valid approach, but seemingly a bit innocuous and
ineffectual. *If* SPI is a professional organization, well-backed, and
dedicated to the goal of abolishing software patents, it would be a
much more influential and dynamical force in the cause than a
letter-writing campaign.
I just wrote a message to R. Stallman pointing out the potential
advantages of this database in the cause of eradicating software
patents, and am listening for more info on SPI. I pointed out:
- Ultimately, the goal of constraining software patents *seems* to be
common to both the SPI and LPF, we just have the case that LPF is a
little more extreme in asking for complete abolution. To address this,
consider that SPI would be a useful stepping stone to a world with no
software patents.
- The database has the support of very major companies such as Apple,
IBM and DEC. This is the kind of thing that gets press coverage and
public attention and *pressure*.
- The database could actually be used as a tool to thwart new patents.
Potentially programmers could send all techniques not covered by past
patents to the list to prevent future patents regarding the art,
accompanied by notices `releasing the technique to the public domain'. I don't know the legal force of this, but the patent office has been
tiptoeing on tenuous law for software patents in the first place, and
perhaps might be encouraged to tiptoe in the opposite direction.
In other words, while the current patent situation is like a bunch of
landmines strewn by lawyers for programmers & developers, the archive
could hold a bunch of landmines strewn by programmers for the lawyers.
Anyway, I hope to hear more about this agency. If all that LPF
advocates is `writing letters to congressmen' and demeaning more
organized efforts (note I'm definitely reserving judgement on whether
SPI is a cypherpunk ally, current signs are not promising) then I'd say
they aren't going to meet with a lot of success.
Here's the complete paper from LPF, feel free to frame it or cover the
bit bucket with it.  While we may not know what to make of SPI
currently, it is likely to play a very prominent future role in this
arena if not disbanded. I would really like to hear from
representatives of Apple, DEC, IBM, et. al. on how their participation
& support of the project should be construed.
Software patents are patents which can apply to (and thus prohibit)
writing a program.  Any software patent can cause trouble for people
who want to develop software.
Some software patents are Patent Office mistakes which cover things
that are already known.  In some cases (but not all), these mistakes
can be proved based on published prior art.
Other software patents do not result from errors of the system, but
are still disadvantageous to software development.  How much trouble a
software patent causes is independent of whether it violates the
patent system's own rules.  And the sheer number of software patents
causes trouble regardless of their details.
The Software Patent Institute is a new organization that aims to
produce a data base of "prior art"--published and known software
ideas--to make it easier for the Patent Office and others to find out
which software techniques and features are already known and thus
supposed to be unpatentable.
The SPI cannot prevent all patents which harm the software field.  It
can only prevent a certain kind of Patent Office mistake: overlooking
prior art whose prior publication can be proved.  Thus, the SPI can
address only a fraction of the software patents that cause trouble for
Even perfect knowledge of prior art would not prevent all absurd
software patents.  Some software patents cover such trivial matters
that a description of the idea would be reject by any professional
technical journal.  For example, patent number 5,049,881, issued in
1991, covers modifying the way a data compression program uses a hash
table to look up the strings that have assigned encodings:
specifically, when it has found the hash bucket for a string being
looked up, it considers only the first string in the bucket as a
possible match, rather than all of them.  Patent number 5,140,321,
issued in 1992, covers checking just the first N strings in the hash
bucket as possible matches.  (Both of these modifications apply to a
particular data compression algorithm, and similar modifications could
probably be patented for any other algorithm.)
To ask whether those particular variations were published before, is
to miss the point---it is a mistake for patent system decisions to
depend on such questions.  But those questions are the only ones that
the SPI can help answer.
No matter how well the published prior art is known, it cannot include
all variations, and under current policy, many of these can be
patented.  What's more, you cannot effectively challenge decisions
about obviousness in court, because the courts presume that the Patent
Office has exercised good judgement when deciding what is obvious.
But suppose that the Patent Office learns how to judge obviousness
better; then how much good can the SPI do?  Even if this prevents a
sizable fraction of future software patents, that will not appreciably
reduce the problem that software patents cause for programmers.
Even cutting the number of software patents in half (which would be
great success for the SPI!) will not cut the problem in half.  This is
because a large software system is likely in the future to infringe a
large number of patents--easily dozens.  Even if half of them were
eliminated, the remaining half could still create prohibitive
There is no official figure for the number of software patents we have
today, but 5000 or 6000 is a likely estimate given past numbers and
trends.  (To find them all would be a mammoth task.)  At the beginning
of 1992 there were 9000 pending patent applications in a category
which contains many software patents, which suggests there will be
many more software patents in the future.  To make software
development a safe activity again, we must do more than cut the number
of patents in half.  Eliminating 90% of the software patents that
exist today would just reach the level where further reduction starts
to help matters.  (See the LPF's position paper, "Against Software
Patents," for more explanation of why software patents in general
cause mainly trouble, even those that are not trivial.)
While the SPI may prevent some software patents from being issued,
ironically it may also make some patents more dangerous by helping the
patent applicant design the patent to withstand legal challenges.
Even the holders of existing patents can use this information to
rewrite the patents and make them harder to overturn.  For more
information, see the companion paper, "What Should You Do With Prior
The SPI is supported by large companies such as IBM, Apple and DEC
that can expect to have many software patents, and by patent law
firms.  It is not likely these sponsors would support the SPI if they
expected it to prevent most software patents.
The interface proposed for the SPI's database will resemble those of
Westlaw and Lexis; it seems to be aimed at use by lawyers, not
software developers.  The SPI plans to raise revenue by charging for
access to the data base, which suggests that in practice it may
available primarily to larger companies.
The operation of the SPI will not alter the overall software patent
problem.  So wish the SPI good luck in preventing a few absurd
software patents; but don't spend your time on the SPI.  Instead,
spend it telling our lawmakers that software patents are harmful and
should be abolished.

@_date: 1993-08-11 22:38:06
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: MCI PC Connect service 
BBS access & PC pursuit were a topic here. New PC connection service by
MCI. I wonder if they use the PC Pursuit `call back' technique to
ensure no voice communication.
------- Forwarded Message
Press Release    07/26/93   09:00 EDT
Systems Solutions, the owner and operator of The Virginia Connection
bulletin board system, the Washington, DC area's premier PCBoard BBS
system located in Reston, VA announced today that The Virginia
Connection is one of the first bulletin boards in the United States
selected by MCI Telecommunications, Inc. to participate as an official
startup BBS member of the MCI PC CONNECT computer telephone network.
MCI PC CONNECT is an exciting new program being offered by MCI which
provides computer modem users with low long distance rates for
telephone calls made to bulletin boards from both intrastate and
interstate calls.
        MCI PC Connect(sm) FEE/RATES:
        =============================
     -  $3.00 monthly fee (does not apply towards usage)
     -  Includes calling to continental U.S. in addition to Alaska,
        Hawaii,
        Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
        PC Connect Customer to NON-PC Connect Customer:
        -----------------------------------------------
        $0.22 during Day (Mon-Fri: 8am - 5pm)
        $0.10 during E/N/W (Mon-Fri: 5pm-8am: Sat/Sun: 24 hours)
        PC Connect Customer to PC Connect Customer:
        -------------------------------------------
        $.176 during Day
        $.08 during E/N/W
        Friends & Family discount does not apply to fee
For an additional $1.50 per month, MCI PC Connect customers can include
in-state calls at the same MCI PC Connect plan rates as above.
        Available in the following states:
        ==================================
Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia,
Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Mississippi, Montana,
North Carolina, North Dakota, Nebraska, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma,
Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas,
Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin
        Not Available in the following states:
        ======================================
Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Hawaii, Maine,
Minnesota, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, Rhode Island,
Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming
It is important to remember that you must be a member of MCI PC
CONNECT in order to receive these rates!  The thousands of computer
bulletin board users should immediately contact MCI and become members
of this low cost calling service to take advantage of the low rate
structure and the ability to reach the best bulletin boards in the
country at the best long distance rates.
The Virginia Connection BBS has been in operation since 1985 and
serves thousands of users.  This BBS supports most computers with
features which include: 50,000 programs available for downloading,
National and International E-Mail via FidoNet, SmartNet, MetroLink,
and RelayNet International Message Exchange, 20 incoming telephone
lines connected to computer modems capable of operating from 1200 to
14400 baud, and on-line games for individual and team players.  This
BBS is a member of The Capital Area SysOps Association, a group of
over 200 metropolitan Washington, DC area bulletin board operators.
MCI PC CONNECT will allow computer users from most of the United
States to participate on these bulletin boards for very reasonable
long distance rates.  Now long distance callers will be able to
utilize the quality and depth of this exceptional BBS as local
computer bulletin board users have done for years.  Modem users can
reach The Virginia Connection BBS by dialing (703) 648-1841.
In order to receive all information regarding this MCI PC CONNECT
service, call 1-800-333-2511 and MCI operators will provide you with
more details.  Call now!  Do not delay!  Don't be satisfied with less!
Take advantage of the service -- save money!
The Virginia Connection BBS
c/o Systems Solutions
11088 Thrush Ridge Road
Reston, VA 22091-4722
Contact:        Tony McClenny
Voice:          (703) 758-7984
Modem:          (703) 648-1841
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-11 22:48:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: CA online legislative database access 
Letter writers needed ASAP! This is the bill that will open up
legislative databases to the masses and serve as a model for other
states and even the country!
cypherfolks, do you have any idea what these efforts are the faint
glimmers of? Imagine a future society where *anyone* can propose laws,
not just the elite few called Legislators and identified in an
exceedingly time-consuming, tedious, and troublesome process. Imagine
that everyone has complete access and full understanding of all the
laws that affect one's life, and the ability to propose and *pass*
superior modifications. It would be a sort of Legislative Free
Enterprise, a competition in the marketplace of laws such that superior
ones would prosper and inferior, archaic, and absurd laws would be
rooted out and expunged by the citizenry itself, in a very dynamic,
interactive, and responsive process! Far from this bureacratic
nightmare we lumber in daily! Write that small letter to set in motion
this grandiose cyberspatial karma!
------- Forwarded Message
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-11 23:42:45
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Anonymity Warning! ID stored in TAR files 
The RISK of trusting in software to save confidentiality has recently been
exposed in a German newsgroup. On a debate whether DES is illegal in Germany
(it is not, by the way) someone posted a tarred, compressed, uuencoded archive
of DES code via an anonymizing service.  (No discussion on the topic of
anonymization, please.) Not only that he forgot to delete the object code
before tarring (thus giving an indication which kind of hardware he uses). The
next day someone else posted an explanation why this action was stupid, giving
the anonymous poster's full real name and address. He found it out because the
tar he used leaves user names (not only UIDs, which would suffice to restore
file permission settings) in the tar file. Of course, this fact is not
mentioned explicitly in the man page rsp. info file (but the average user
wouldn't expect it in the first place...) where an explicit warning could be
considered appropriate.
Olaf Titz  -  olaf at bigred.ka.sub.org  -  s_titz at ira.uka.de

@_date: 1993-08-12 01:48:08
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: On The Inherent Evil of Electronic Democracy 
tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) on `electronic democracy':
I'm delighted that Mr. May has come out against my vision for the
future based on all the tired cliches and entrenched blind spots of the
status quo of two milleniums. It is extremely dischordant and eerie to
hear someone who advocates `CryptoAnarchy', black markets, drug
legalization, digital pornography, digital cash (tax evasion?) and the
Collapse of Governments to suddenly decide that Representative
Democracy is a Good Thing (tm) because of a quotes by the snobbish
elitist De Tocqueville, Milton Friedman, and a 200 year old experiment
called the Federal System of America that is far from perfect and could
stand some serious adjustments and fine-tuning. His beautiful
statements nicely capture all the stereotypical knee-jerk reactions and
objections of a prosaic minds, dulled by centuries of history's
mediocre mundanities and brainless propaganda inflicted by their
rulers, all who wouldn't recognize salvation if it was nailed to a
cross, to the true potential of future Cyberspace!
We stand at the threshhold of a new era in human interaction and social
systems with the onslaught of cyberspace, but when I propose a new kind
of *government* Mr. May is too uncomfortable and beats a hasty retreat
to `representative democracy', an elaborate and complex system that
purports to protect people from their own stupidity by diluting their
demands through blundering elected officials.  Perhaps what I am
advocating is truly new, and deserves a new name: Responsive Democracy.
If anyone would care to look up `representative' in the dictionary, Mr.
May's comments will be rendered nonsensical. To paraphrase:
``Our government doesn't actually represent the people. That's why it
is stable. There are unresponsive elements and obstacles to social
change called `legislators' that dampen the tendency toward `wild
oscillations in public opinion'.  If our government truly represented
public opinion we would easily have the Most Totalitarian Thing the
World Has Ever Seen. People want drugs to be illegal, restricted
imports, and banned cryptography. Of course, I'm certainly not implying
that Lance is in favor of Apocalypse!''
(It sounds more like anarchy as Mr. May describes it, so I wonder why
he's coming out against this scenario.) Mr. May, are you saying you
*don't* want a responsive government? one that is an inspiration
instead of a degradation? do you *prefer* to complain about injustice
and wretchedness to the point you would rather wallow in it than be lifted from it?
I find it exceedingly difficult to rebut Mr. May on specific points
because his whole position, when I try to grasp it, comes out to be a
tangle of convoluted and ephemeral contradictions, speculations, and
emotional quasi-fictional references to e.g. the War on Drugs or Janet
Reno. Do you like our current `representative' government or don't you?
What, exactly, is the Representative Democratic Government's role in
`cryptoanarchy', and why are you in favor of it?
* * *
Anyway, I would like to elaborate on a few of the misconceptions that
are raised by his statements.
1) the world has not really ever seen a true `direct democracy' or had
the technology to support one -- until now. Not even the Greeks,
renowned as the inventors of democracy, had one.  It seems to be every
civilized person's worst nightmare, yet it has never been implemented.
How do we know it would be so terrible? Does anyone even know what it is?
2) consider that our current government represents the *imbalance* of
popular opinions. A vocal, powerful, or wealthy minority is able to
distract attention from issues or manipulate the process to the point
of influencing law. e.g., the NSA can derail cryptography exports
because no one has any influence on the other side, despite plenty of
supporters for loosened restrictions! e.g., some Widget Manufacturer
gets favorable tax breaks or import restrictions! What if everyone
could have an equal influence on *all* laws irrespective of their
wealth & illegitimate influence?
3) consider that dampening mechanisms can be built in to a `responsive
democracy' system. To paint a picture of `direct democracy' as people
voting instantly on CNN is an ignorant insult.  Conservative,
deliberative, stable structures, with the formality of court
proceedings and similar protocol, can be developed. What is a court but
an elaborate mechanism to uncover truth, resolve conflict, and pass
judgement, through presentations of evidence, opinion, and voting by a
nation's citizens? Held to the utmost ideal of impartiality and
fairness? Impacting every plane of human interaction?
4) I believe `representative democracy' is essentially a mask for the
idea of saying `some people should have more influence than others in
voting and influencing social conventions, because they are leaders,
they know more about the subject, they are more affected by it, they
are recognized experts, they have everyone's best interest in mind'
etc. Now, consider that this `influence' could be *formalized* into a
system such that people `own' it and trade it and grant it to others
like a *currency system*, and that voting systems automatically weight
votes in different areas based on it.
5) Mr. May says `we don't need more laws & restrictions however popular
they may be' and completely missed my specific point that the citizens
would have the capability to *retract* ineffective, useless, obsolete
laws just as easily as creating them. He completely ignores the aspect
of `competition of superior laws by selection' that is central to the
idea. If laws have disastrous, outrageous, or terrible effects, the
citizen-populace and collective social psyche will quickly learn and
*evolve* to *avoid* them.
6) Finally, the bizarre Urban Legend that Order would Collapse or Utter
Totalitarianism would Ensue if everyone could vote on issues directly
without the tedious formalities of legislators, or that a government
unresponsive to true citizen desires to `protect them from their
stupidity' is preferrable or even existent, I simply all dismiss as
utterly ridiculous. As Mr. May says, the population gets what it wants.
The whole idea is far too multifaceted to explore in one essay, of
course--it requires an entire Movement, a Revolution, to advance to the
point that even Joe Sixpack grasps its basics and will not insult and
ridicule it upon first sight.  Fortunately, this is all automatic,
inevitable, and underway. Cypherpunks, you will be soon seeing dynamic
& interactive voting systems, `reputation currency' and all these other
fantastic social mechanisms that will formalize all your vague longings
for order and sensibility in the universe! I certainly don't claim that
Paradise is at hand, but a new form of government, that combines
elements of all previous models but unequivocally surpasses and
transcends them all, *is*!

@_date: 1993-08-13 00:08:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Electracy: Evil Revisited 
Buried in my latest delirious rant were multiple *pragmatic*
descriptions of Electronic Democracy, and to my great chagrin all have
been virtually completely ignored, save one thoughtful soul responding
to me in email, who I've exhorted to post to the list. Where is the
picking apart of the pieces? I expected the highly suggestive details
to be pounced on like scrumptious food for further thought or (more
likely) carrion for vultures, but instead get the standard vague
marshmallow-philosophical Libertarian and Anarchic Promotional Literature.
I'm really quite amazed at all the deathly pessimism and antipathy
herein toward genuinely improving our governmental system. It seems
that many believe that the natural state of `their' government is
oppression, and that the goal is only to minimize it. The perverted
Majority is fundamentally and invariably Untrustworthy, Capricious, and
Painfully Stupid.  It is always stated in terms of Us and They. But
*we* *are* our government. How can it not be more obvious? What does it
say about our character if we are resigned to deprivation?
As I've already stated, the future will hold many developments that
will gradually shift opinion, and give working models that won't be
subject to immediate ridicule and vague philosophical ramblings about
Inherent Evil. It seems everyone here is interested in debating the
issue in terms of how they see government, how it has functioned in the
past, *irrespective* of any novel mechanisms presented (which I took
great pains to put on the table, to specifically address virtually all
objections, with the same dramatic effect of shouting at a chasm).
I've written about this in the past, and will write about it in the
future, but for now I'm going to focus on a comment by N. Szabo
, to elaborate on an earlier item everyone conveniently ignores:
[electronic democracy (electrocracy? electracy?)]
Here are some ideas that my lone anonymous respondent picked up on, but
that I've been taking as obvious and given, perhaps because I've
thought about it for a long time, and overestimated the imagination of
the reader (quite unexpected in this crowd).  To make this more
specific and tangible, consider a system where people can choose to
vote non-anonymously (choosing to vote anonymously is of course always
permitted). Now suppose that a `vote' is not something static but
rather a pledge of support for a proposal that can vary over time. That
is, one can revoke or increase support of a proposal over its entire
lifetime, not at an instantaneous blip in a curtained booth. Further, imagine that people can propose different categories for bills
such as National, Local, Environmental, Law Enforcement, Infrastructure
Maintenance, National Information Infrastructure, Unemployed
Programmers, etc. ad infinitum ad nauseam. When a bill is created the
creator suggests the category. Categories are created and deleted by
anyone. Others can propose the same bill in a different category if
they think it merits it. People can refuse to vote on bills or against
them based on the classification.
Now imagine that everone has Status or Credit associated with their
votes in any category. Under certain circumstances, with a certain
amount of global support or combination of support based on tabulation
of votes and the status (weight) associated with each, a bill becomes
Law. The requirements for a bill to become National Law are themselves
subject to modification but of course eventually stabilize (a bill to
modify the current voting system itself can be introduced under the
system). However, a whole set of different characteristics can be
associated with bills that become Laws in each category (again subject
to modification), and many less `formal' laws can be passed with less
constriction in smaller spheres. When a new category is proposed under
the system itself, the presenter also indicates that `status formula'
associated with it.
The status or `credit' is such that it can be impacted in various ways.
If one consistently voted for bills in a category who declined in
support, one's status in that realm would be diminished by intrinsic
mechanisms (remember, a `vote' is dynamic and can change over time
based on the owner's `maintenance'). Note that this can be done even
with an anonymous voting record by an automated but concealed system. Also, there might be a way that people can trade their status to others
whom they admire or respect in that category, based on past experience
or their non-anonymous voting record. The status of people might become
closely associated with not just their proposals of bills but their
successful *real* implementation of them.  Under this system, the
status becomes very much like a currency system! The `status' itself of
people may be advertised or hidden for further effect. (``How much is
he worth, anyway?'')
In fact, it is not really the case that this system sounds like today's
currency, it is the case that our monetary system is actually a very
small microcosm of this future Electronic Democracy. Look at all the
synonyms associated with money: Power. Status. Influence. Money is the
economy's built-in `voting mechanism'. It is an abstraction that, when
implemented, causes a competition for improvement and superiority, an
*incentive* for *evolution* and *success*. Similarly, under the new
system sensible classifications, status formulas, and bills will
prosper and persist, while nonsensical, inferior, and obsolete ones will die out.
These ideas are all very cypherpunkesque in their allusions to digital
cash, reputations, social upheaval, `anarchy' in the sense of a
government so unobtrusive and natural it is virtually invisible yet
omnipresent (sort of like God, eh? ah, well, a good role model.)
I call on patriotic and guerilla cypherpunks to implement this system,
to be a model for the world! all the critical features of technology
are already in place -- methods of providing universal communication
called `email', guaranteeing accurate voting via authenication called
PGP, a widespead `proposal dissemination and discussion system' called
Usenet, a library for past proposals and bills and resolutions called
FTP.  I guarantee that by *far* this will be the most important of all
cypherpunk projects, if in the amazing odds it were actually adopted by
one (considering the recent formidably frosty reception, currently all
that is left of my attempt at a burgeoning snowball is a Dissolving Drip in Hell).
In fact, the sheer dischordant cacophony on this group might be
ameliorated through such a system. Imagine that we as a group (the most
disorderly and uncooperative group ever to be called one) could vote
and stabilize Cypherpunk Resolutions.
(Nah -- some things are just fundamentally impossible.)

@_date: 1993-08-13 00:22:56
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NSA Requests Delay in CPSR Clipper Lawsuit 
Tidbits: NSA has classified an `entire Federal program in substantial
part' surrounding Clipper. Also, CPSR filed similar suit over NSA
secrecy & classification of DES.
Note: This is a standard NSA tactic, evasion by delay. They don't
respond to FOIA requests in the legislated time frame (1-2 weeks) using
the same delay technique. Maybe if we send nasty email to the laywers
all will be well =)
Organization: CPSR, Washington Office
 Subject: NSA Asks For One Year Delay in Clipper Case
  NSA Seeks Delay in Clipper Case
     The National Security Agency (NSA) has asked a federal court
for a one-year delay in a lawsuit challenging the secrecy of the
government's "Clipper Chip" encryption proposal.  The suit was
filed by Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility (CPSR)
on May 28 and seeks the disclosure of all information concerning
the controversial plan.
     In an affidavit submitted to the United States District Court
for the District of Columbia on August 9, NSA Director of Policy
Michael A. Smith states that
     NSA's search for records responsive to [CPSR's] request
     is under way, but is not yet complete.  Because the
     Clipper Chip program is a significant one involving the
     participation of organizations in four of NSA's five
     Directorates and the Director's staff, the volume of
     responsive documents is likely to be quite large.
     Moreover, because the Clipper Chip program is highly
     complex and technical and is, in substantial part,
     classified for national security purposes, the review
     process cannot be accomplished quickly.
     CPSR called for the disclosure of all relevant information
and full public debate on the proposal on April 16, the day it was
announced.  While NSA has insisted from the outset that the
"Skipjack" encryption algorithm, which underlies the Clipper
proposal, must remain secret, the Smith affidavit contains the
first suggestion that the entire federal program is classified "in
substantial part."  In the interest of obtaining timely judicial
review of the agency's broad classification claim, CPSR intends to
oppose NSA's request for delay in the court proceedings.
     In another case involving government cryptography policy,
CPSR has challenged NSA's classification of information concerning
the development of the Digital Signature Standard (DSS).  The
court is currently considering the issue and a decision is
expected soon.
     CPSR is a national public-interest alliance of computer
industry professionals dedicated to examining the impact of
technology on society.  CPSR has 21 chapters in the U.S. and
maintains offices in Palo Alto, California, and Washington, DC.
For additional information on CPSR, call (415) 322-3778 or
e-mail .

@_date: 1993-08-14 15:36:46
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: few bits of info on Mycotronx 
here are a few bits of info on Mycotronx. IBM's `supplier of the year'
and heavy into `satellite encryption systems'.
p.s. rumor has it a reporter out there picked up on the Mycotronx
`dumpster' postings here and the pointer in alt.whistleblowing to it
for a mainstream news article to appear ~Sep.-Oct.
------- Forwarded Message
I pulled this from the Business Wire, it's not copyrighted was was distributed on BW for inclusion in Business Editor's files... it's
the "approved" company profile of the folks making the Cliper Chip.
CORPORATE PROFILE FOR MYKOTRONX INC., DATED FRIDAY, AUG. 13
Published date:   Friday, Aug. 13
Company name:     Mykotronx Inc.
Address:          357 Van Ness Way, Suite 200
                  Torrance, Calif., 90501
Telephone No.:    310/533-8100
Chairman of the
 Board:           Leonard J. Baker
Treasurer:       Kikuo Ogawa
President:        Theodore S. Bettwy
Public Relations
 Contact:         Sheila R. Coon
 Business number: 310/533-8100 ext. 13
 Home number:     310/548-7061
Company description:
   Mykotronx Inc., a small Torrance, Calif. business (42 employees) is
fast becoming recognized as a leader in the Information Security
(INFOSEC) field.
   The company has received numerous commendations for its quality
program.  Mykotronx was named "supplier of the year" by IBM's Federal
Systems Co. of Boulder, Colo., for both 1992 and 1993.
   The Mykotronx staff is composed of experienced authorities in
cryptology, telecommunications and the digital design of electronic
equipment and microcircuits (chips).  It also has excellent facilities
for performing R & D engineering, prototype, production and testing.
The small company atmosphere provides for personalized service and
quick-react capability.
   Low overhead and operating expenses contribute to Mykotronx's price
competitive capability.
   Since 1987 Mykotronx has gained a steadily increasing market share
of the Space Communications Security (COMSEC) business through its
COMSEC equipment design and production.  Bookings through June 1993
have exceeded $7.5 million.
   Mykotronx is a major supplier of satellite-to-ground encryption
equipment and the developer of the U.S. Government's proposed new
standard ("Clipper") for encryption of electronic communications such
as voice and computer transmissions via telephone, fax machine, modem,
etc.  Whether for high-volume or one-of-a-kind custom units, Mykotronx
has the technology and capability to meet customer's INFOSEC needs.
   CONTACT:  Mykotronx Inc., Torrance
             Sheila R. Coon, 310/533-8100 (phone)
                             310/533-0527 (fax)
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-15 21:02:02
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: cyberspace & cybercycles donations! 
From: an12070 at anon.penet.fi
Hey, I think this is a great idea. The only problem is that the list
would probably be empty =)  I personally have many pet projects that
might see the light of day if they could find the inside of a computer
on the internet. I volunteer to maintain this list. If anyone would
like to donate cycles or space for pet cypherpunk projects such as
digital cash, anonymity servers, archives, etc. please send me your
name and availability and I'll stick it in the list. Unfortunately, the
people most likely to be in charge of these resources are
coincidentally the most paranoid about restricting them and least
likely to hear this--and once they hear the word `cypherpunk' their
mind will slam shut in a nanosecond.
We may be able to get more `outside support' if such a list was posted
into Usenet. In fact, if the list kept track of all the current
projects and the status, it might really encourage volunteers out there
in the world. Maybe the problem is that the list is just too high noise
for important people to pay attention, but that a summary like this
might get results.

@_date: 1993-08-15 21:12:02
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: CPSR Oct. 16 Meeting Announcement 
Items of interest to (some) cpunks:
- (ahem) COMPUTERS AND DEMOCRACY
- Nat'l Info Infrastructure policy
- Public access to Internet & major networks
- local municipal and community network development
- - -
            COMPUTER PROFESSIONALS FOR SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
                                 ANNUAL MEETING
                              October 16 - 17, 1993
                  University of Washington, South Campus Center
                             Seattle, Washington, USA
                             Envisioning the Future:
                             A National Forum on the
             National Information Infrastructure and Community Access
          Co-sponsored by the American Society for Information Science
                       Pacific Northwest Chapter (ASIS-PNC)
Saturday, October 16th
8:00 - 9:00  Registration/Coffee & Tea
9:00 - 9:15   Welcome to the CPSR Annual Meeting  -  Aki Namioka
9:15 - 10:15  Keynote Address - Bruce McConnell,
                                Office of Management and Budget
           "Shaping National Information Infrastructure Policy"
    Bruce McConnell, Chief of Information Policy at the Office of
    Information and Regulatory Affairs in the Office of Management and
    Budget (OMB), will present his views on the major NII issues now
    facing the administration.  He has been with OMB since 1985 and
    became head of Information Policy in 1992.  He now chairs the
    inter-agency task force responsible for developing federal
    information policy for the Information Infrastructure Task Force.
10:15 - 10:45  Break
10:45 - 12:15  Panel Discussion - Moderated by Eric Roberts
                      "Public Access to Internetworks"
    Public access to the Internet (and other major networks) is a critical
    issue in any discussion about an "electronic highway".  Panelists
    representing a wide variety of perspectives, including representatives
    from the Pacific Northwest, will present their views.
  Panelists:
    Phil Bereano
    Craig Buthod, Deputy City Librarian and Chief Operating Officer,
                  Seattle Public Library
    Kenneth Kay, Computer Science Policy Program
    Laura Breeden, FARnet
12:15 - 1:45  Lunch break
1:45 - 3:00   Panel Discussion - Moderated by Andrew Gordon
                   "Municipal Information Infrastructure"
    City and other government agencies are exploring possibilities for
    developing municipal networks.  In this panel a city official as well as a
    representative from the state regulatory agency and a representative of
    commercial interests will offer their insights and interests.
  Panelists:
    Joe Hommel - Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission
    Jane Noland - Seattle City Council
3:00 - 4:30   Panel Discussion - Moderated by Douglas Schuler
                       "Networking in the Community"
    Community networks exist and are being developed all over the U.S.
    Panelists from various community networks will present their
    perspectives on the state of community networking now and in the future.
  Panelists:
    Tom Grundner, National Public Telecomputing Network
    Parker Lindner, New Media Matters
    Evelyn Pine, CPSR/Berkeley member and former Executive Director of the
        Community Memory Project
    Roy Sahali, CLAMDYP (Computing Literacy and Access Making a Difference for
        Youth Projects)
4:30 - 4:45    Break
4:45 - 6:15  Panel Discussion - Moderated by Marc Rotenberg
             "Computers and Democracy - What's the Connection?"
    What aspects of democracy might be improved with computers?  Which ones
    probably wouldn't.  This is a concept that is in the public eye, and an
    idea that will probably be tested soon.  What can be done to promote
    wise uses of computers in this critical area?
  Panelists:
    Jeff Chester, Center for Media Education
    Jamie Love, Taxpayers Assets Project
    Leah Lievrouw, Department of Telecommunication and Film,
    University of Alabama
6:15 - 6:30  Closing Remarks - Jeff Johnson
7:00 - 7:30  No host bar at banquet site
7:30 CPSR Banquet - Fundraiser
    (Vegetarian food will be available)
  + Presentation of the 1993 Norbert Wiener Award to
    The Institute for Global Communications (IGC)
    Presenter: Eric Roberts
    The CPSR Board of Directors unamiously award the 1993 Wiener
    Award to IGC to recognize the work the organization has done to
    use network technology to empower previously disenfranchised
    individuals and groups working for progressive change.  Geoff Sears,
    IGC's Executive Director, will be present to accept the award.
  + Banquet Address and Interactive Event -  Kit Galloway, Electronic
    Cafe International
    Kit Galloway of Electronic Cafe International in Santa Monica,
    California will present his innovative approach to electronic
    communication using phone lines, slow-scan television, and other
    technology.  Using videotapes and a live demonstration with CPSR
    chapters in Los Angeles and other locations, Kit will discus how the
    Electronic Cafe concept has been used in a variety of settings.
    Electronic Cafe International has staged global events with poets,
    children, and communities in France, Nicaragua, Japan, as well as a
    variety of American cities.
    Be sure to attend the banquet and participate in this provocative
    encounter with multimedia community networks !!
Sunday, October 17th (preliminary schedule)
8:30 - 9:30 Coffee & Tea
9:30 - 11:30 Workshop sessions I
11:30 - 1:00 Lunch break
1:00 - 3:00 Workshop sessions II
3:00 - 3:30 Break
3:30 - 5:00 CPSR NII vision document discussion - Moderated by Todd Newman
5:00 - 5:30 Closing Remarks - CPSR NII program future - Marc Rotenberg
                                 ABOUT CPSR
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility stands alone as the only
national, non-partisan, public-interest organization dedicated to
understanding and directing the impact of computers on society.  Decisions
regarding the use of this technology have far-reaching consequences that
necessarily reflect the basic values and priorities of the people who govern
their use.
Founded in 1981, CPSR has 2000 members from all over the world
and 22 chapters across the country.  Each of our members is an
important participant in the dialogue that is helping to shape the
future use of computers in the United States.  Our National Advisory
Board includes one Nobel laureate and three winners of the Turing
Award, the highest honor in computer science.
We believe that as the influence of computers continues to permeate every
aspect of our society, it is important that professionals become active
participants in formulating the policy that governs computer use and access.
CPSR welcomes any and all who share our convictions.

@_date: 1993-08-16 22:30:08
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: FBI Credit Search bill update (CPSR) 
[a 2] FBI Seeks Power for Credit Search Without Warrant
In early July, the Senate Intelligence Committee approved a provision
that allows for FBI access to credit reports using only a letter
instead of a judicial warrant in cases that they say involved national
security. There is concern that this will be subject to abuse and that
the necessity has not been proven.
A national security letter gives the FBI the authority to obtain
records without judicial approval and without providing notice to the
individual that his or her records have been obtained by the Bureau.
Similar FBI proposals were rejected in previous years after
Congressional leaders expressed concern over the civil liberties
issues raised.
Although the current draft proposal is more comprehensive than those
circulated in previous years, the changes and additions do not alter
significantly the central character of the proposal. The
Administration's 1993 proposal includes explicit limits to
dissemination of obtained information within the government, penalties
for violations including punitive damages, and reporting requirements.
These provisions are positive changes from the legislation put forward
in previous years, but they do not save the proposal from its
intrinsic flaws.

@_date: 1993-08-17 17:20:28
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: encrypted anonymous traffic 
Mr. Wells:
I strongly am against your policy of prohibiting encrypted traffic
through your server, and your apparent monitoring of existing plaintext
information. I believe you should make this severe & oppressive
restriction (the former) and breach of privacy, confidentiality, and
trust (the latter) clear in your introductory statements to your
server. While providing this service of anonymity is commendable, it is
worthless without minimum levels of functionality and assurance, and
IMHO outlawing encrypted traffic is bordering on that line.
You `defuse' J. Helsingius's suggestion of comparing your service with
the post office by comparing it with the exchange of bombs in parcels,
saying that `analogies are slippery'. Indeed, you have slipped out of
this one and away from the crucial point. No one can send any `bomb'
through mere text, and to compare harassing mail (which is definitely
not to be condoned) to it is to expose your naive and self-serving view
of the matter.
I have a theory that one major motivation toward running such a server
is a somewhat paternalistic desire to `monitor' traffic through one's
server to one's `family'. Far better to do this with your own family
than through a public service, where it is inappropriate, deplorable,
and voyeristic.  That you arbitrarily restrict traffic to that which
you can read is a rather embarrassing indictment of your intentions,
despite your lame protestations that just the `capability' is relevant.
Anonymity and encryption are as interlinked as two sides of a hand. Who
are you to shear one half away?
L. Detweiler

@_date: 1993-08-18 00:35:46
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Zen of Anonymity 
Given: Some graffiti is on the wall.
Question: who is `responsible' or `liable' for graffiti?
the `vandal' (or `artist')? the owner of the wall? society? What if no
means exists whatsoever to identify the originator? or the owner of the
wall actually *encourages* people to use it for whatever purpose? And
socially beneficial uses ensue?
Given: something `illegal' in country A but not in B has been written
on a piece of paper. The paper now resides precisely between, exactly
on the border, of A and B.
Question: Who is the criminal? What is the crime?
the writer for treason? the paper transporter for violating export
laws? the border guards for not shooting? Again, what if the writer is
unidentifiable, the transportation automatic, guarding impossible? What
if there is actually a great deal of utility in the transportation of
paper-scrawl across borders, for everyone involved?
(Note that answers like `it behooves us all to ...prevent the spread of
graffiti' or  `...prevent the spread of illegal papers to borders'
would be worthy of the NSA but pathetically beg the questions.)
* * *
IMHO, anonymous postings and email have the same legal status of
graffiti or the paper on the border. No one is `responsible' or
`liable' for the content of graffiti, no laws apply to the paper. Precautions can be taken to limit `offensive' or `illegal' graffiti
(whatever that is!) and contrain the transport of writing on paper, but
nothing can be done to completely eradicate either, save erecting the
most totalitarian system the world has ever seen (a phrase coined by
T.C. May, my respect).  Perhaps we should have licensing laws for
graffiti `vandals' or paper carriers? registers next to all the walls
and streets so they can sign in? `Scrawling implement' or `communicable
media' bans? Or panning cameras mounted in every 10 foot square area of
space in the world? Human identification tags and tracking systems?
We have this thing called `cyberspace' that has nothing to do with the
laws of any country and comprises nothing but innocuous electrical or
light streams coursing through wires and fibers, and trying to impose
some system of `accountability' or `responsibility' or `liability' on
every last element is an archaic, horrifying, but thankfully obsolete
and conceptually impossible artifact from the `dark' ages. Yes, people
can choose to become agitated by the *perceived* contents, but people
can also choose to starve for a cause. There is no limit to the
persecutions invented by the imagination of humanity. Offense is in the
lie of the beholder.
Libel, slander, sedition, thought crimes: what do these words mean?
Whatever meaning they once had is completely dissolved upon the advent
of true anonymity.
Perhaps if others quiet their minds, they too will hear the sound of
one hand clapping.

@_date: 1993-08-18 23:25:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: T. Wells & Anonymity 
My last response to Mr. Wells was in private and I hoped he would take
that course himself in future communication, but as it stands he now
has screamed insults at me twice in a row in this forum, and I must
address his latest unanswered letter; most of these following points
are from my private letter.
The fundamental issue at stake is: is Mr. Wells routinely and regularly
monitoring the content of the email he forwards via his so-called
`anonymous server'? The answer is: definitely. To do so is very
ethically borderline, IMHO, no matter who his `family'. This was enough
to alarm me seriously to the point of writing a very vehement letter
condemning this type of `surveillance'. Yes, he has provided this
service for a long time, he is doing so voluntarily, he has a select
group of participants with a particular sensitivity and need, `most' of
whom are satisfied with it, this I all acknowledge.
However, it's evident to me that all users of anonymous services have a
set of unconscious expectations, foremost among them that the operator
will not routinely be reading their mail. I pointed out to Mr. Wells
that breaking the violation of trust in privacy may lead the operator
to breach the trust in anonymity. Merely the knowledge of content can
lead the operator to serious quandaries that can be wholly avoided in
completely adhering to privacy. Furthermore, an operator who does not
strive to adhere conscientiously to the set of unconscious user
expectations, even if working on a voluntary basis, is actually doing
his users a disservice.
Mr. Wells' rambling letter, replete with references to his personal
philosophy of Objectivism, is a complicated set of rationalizations
that amount to `yes, I regularly monitor my server's email traffic, in
fact I consider it my duty.'  Given his unswerving obstinacy to this
practice, I asked that he make this policy clear in his introductory
statements to the server, but he has consistently failed to reassure me
that he actually has done so, making me wonder to what extent of the
readers in the newsgroup and of his server (a substantial overlap
according to him) are aware of this very serious matter of `systematic
observation'. Are any people using this server as a plain vanilla
server, or do they all realize that they are establishing a very strong
personal arrangement of trust with this operator, who considers their
relationship analogous to the protective Platonic intimacy between a
therapist and his patients? Who will personally censor messages he
thinks will unduly upset them?
Mr. Wells tells us that `this is neither the time nor the place to
discuss the wherefors and whys of abuse recovery; you'll just have to
take it as a given that the rules used for understanding people in
general won't work so well when applied to this newsgroup, or to my
anonymous service.'  Mr. Wells, I don't claim to be a specialist in the
area as you insinuate yourself, but I believe there are fundamental
laws of respect and candor that are appropriate -- *necessary* -- for
*all* people, and my concern is precisely that you may be not be
adhering to it in this case in presenting your policies. Your polarized
dance of defensiveness and offensiveness indicates to me clearly a
nerve has been struck.
Mr. Wells' letter is full of seemingly contradictory statements. He
seems to think that `confidentiality' and `privacy' are `two distinct
functions', and suggests that in his regular email monitoring he
actually achieves a `tighter, higher standard of confidentiality' than
Helsingius or Kleinpaste's servers.
Also, his attitudes on the limitations of his actual commitments to the
people who use his service are extremely disturbing.  He says `Their
rights do not extend to arbitary protection of their confidentiality or
privacy' and the actual protections granted are `mine to choose' and
`not implicit in an anonymous server'. I find these comments
simultaneously highly revealing and alarming. From my point of view the
sheer all-encompassing trust awarded a server operator by users
requires every conceivable commitment on the latter's part to
*transcend* the common denominator in user expectations of privacy.
Mr. Wells says he personally handles `half the traffic' of the sexual
abuse recovery newsgroup, and that `most' of its users and his
`potentially legitimate' correspondents are satisfied, and that most
people who have `expressed dislike for my policies' are coincidentally
`outsiders'. His service is `integral to a specific community'. Perhaps
so, but how would he react to another server operator specifically
serving that group? His statements seem to reflect a perverse pride in
his monopoly on the group's anonymity and secret knowledge of its
participants. IMHO, this is precisely the kind of extremely
compromising position encryption would effortlessly avert.
Finally, I'm extremely disappointed in Mr. Wells transparently
vitriolic rhetoric to deflect the primary issues of systematic
monitoring and truth in advertising to ugly subsidiary sideshows, such
as with his expert diagnosis of me as `mentally unbalanced'.  This
classicly ridiculous ad hominem insult is particularly ironically
insensitive coming from someone who professes to tiptoe around areas
requiring the utmost delicacy in human interaction in supporting people
with mental anguish! Yes, my mind is indeed teetering on the brink of a
breakdown -- from Mr. Wells blows, who says of me, `he should consider
himself honored that I bothered to tell him where he went wrong.' --
such words bespeak an attitude of shocking, sickening arrogance and
intolerance. Caveat emptor!
P.S. I will respond no further to Mr. Wells in this forum.

@_date: 1993-08-21 15:17:49
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: anecdote about Prodigy 
ah, the perils of surveillance & censorship...
         SEATTLE (UPI) -- A seemingly innocuous joke sent by a 14-year-old girl
over a computer network didn't get any laughs at the New York City
Police Department, or with the Baltimore Orioles or Kingdome officials
in Seattle.
         In an attempt to get a rise out of her boyfriend in New Jersey, the
teenager typed out a phony death threat Monday against Baltimore Orioles
superstar Cal Ripkin, Jr.
         The young girl knew her boyfriend was an avid Orioles fan and that
Baltimore was playing the Seattle Mariners in the Kingdome.
         But Prodigy security personnel picked up on the message in their New
York headquarters and called police. They notified the Orioles and the
Kingdome, where security was immediately tightened.
         Police staked out the address from where the message had come for 16
hours before the girl, whose parents were on vacation, returned home
with her 28-year-old sister.
         The girl received a stern lecture, but no charges were filed. Police
said she was ``very embarrassed and apologetic'' and added, ``By the
time her sister got done chewing her out, that was enough.''
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-24 23:12:01
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: 16th NCSC meeting Sep 20-23 1993 announcement 
This is a Spook Central meeting, so the topics given are interesting
`signal intelligence' on what's on the NSA^D^D^DNIST's mind at the moment. Also, it suggests what companies have active consulting & production arrangements with NSA (MITRE, Motorola, etc.).
What's on their mind: hierarchical security systems (antithetical to the
subversive PGP `web of trust'), distributed/network security, CLIPPER, `publishing work', (read: restrictions on cryptographic topics in journals?), `security requirements for cryptographic modules' (read: restrictions
on cryptographic device export?) `International harmonization' by a Frenchman (hehe, sounds a lot like `Ministry of Truth'), a probable codeword
for International Cryptographic Restriction.
Acronyms: TPEP, TTAP -- sound big, what are they? Some kind of U.S. government `evaluation paradigms'. Again, probably for crypto-device export.
Interesting presentations by spook outsiders & wannabes: virus attacks, `Security & Auditability of Electronic Voting Systems', `Privacy Impact of technology in 90's', `Electronic Crime Prevention & Investigation'
Hopefully, some patriotic cypherpunk can sneak in and smuggle out a report!
End of RISKS-FORUM Digest 14.86

@_date: 1993-08-25 21:37:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: AT&T & cable co. `internet for the masses' product announcements 
Two announcements on products that will bring internet to large
audiences. One by Continental Cablevision Inc. The cable line one
apparently uses special coaxial cable modems, and apparently is
full-duplex (?). On front page of today's Wall St. Journal.
Following that, AT&T announces the Interspan `Frame Relay Services and
Information Access Services' to the internet. In the former, one gets
`cost-effective' internet capabilities, in the later ``current Interspan customers and all global Internet users will be
able to subscribe to the full range of messaging services from AT&T
EasyLink Services including electronic mail, text-to-fax delivery and
telex, and will be able to communicate with subscribers of non-Internet
commercial network services worldwide.''
Access through current connections with new `virtual circuit' or by
anyone at 300-14.4 bps in nationwide, toll free, seven digit number
950-1ATT, also an 800 number.
Also, customers can register in an AT&T database for the DNS system
with company names. Also, access to InterNic directory (hm, I wonder if
that was built in preparation & anticipation of this).
then stuff on the current EasyLink: 160 countries, electronic messages
with data interchange, gateways from LANs, email, enhanced fax, etc.
The critical question underlying all these services -- when will it be
the case that a completely cyberspatial company is erected, free of
harassment by archaic `internet acceptable use policies'?
"Cable Company is Set to Plug into Internet
Cable Television will connect to the Internet, information pathway to millions
of personal computer users world-wide, early next year through direct link up
via Continental Cablevision Inc., one of the nation's largest cable operators.
The service, which could greatly alter delivery of electronic information,
would allow Continental's customers to plug PCs and a special modem directly
into Continental's cable lines, said William Schrader, President of
Performance Systems, a Herndon, VA. network services company that is
Continental's partner in the project.
The cable link would by pass local phone and other special hookups to access
the internet directly.  More significantly it would allow customers . . . to
fetch whole kinds of information. . . at information superhighway speeds - as
fast as 10 million bits per second. . . . Mr Schrader said. . . . . "This
isn't some fluffy pie-in-the-sky vision," said David Fellows, a senior vice
president at Continental.  Added Mr. Schrader:  "Other companies such as Time
Warner inc in Orlando are talking about elaborate multimedia service tests.
But our plan is small simple and easy.  This will work."
But while the new service holds much promise, no one is sure what the customer
demand will be, especially at an estimated cost of $70 to $100 a month. . . .
[Comment by G COOK  Here the Journal gets confused.  It seems to assume that
the audience for this service is the same as for prodigy or for CATV home
entertainment.  NOT TRUE!  The audience will be telecommuters, individual
entrepreneurs, and small businessmen with their own LANs, and K-12 school
districts, and local governments for whom $100 a month would be about 20% of
what they would have to pay for equivalent service over regular internet RBOC
phone access channnels.]
Performance Systems, which provides a means for customers to hook up to the
internet system , plans to install computer routers in the continental
network. . . . The routers will be installed in the main hubs or "head end"
facilities in continental's vast network, allowing easy extension of the new
internet service to homes and businesses tethered to the cable company.  For
the customer's home or business computer Performance Systems will provide a
special computer modem to reach the service.
The two companies plan to announce the service today at an industry trade show
in San Francisco.  The first hookups are scheduled to take place in Cambridge
Mass where Continental has many subscribers connected to Harvard University
and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."
The rest of the article is plain vanilla what is the internet all about.  This
seems to me to be an extremely significant announcement that
does not bode well for the RBOCs.  I'd expect to see the rest of IP commercial
service providers running hard to jump on the band wagon.
Gordon Cook, Editor Publisher:  COOK Report on Internet -> NREN
431 Greenway Ave, Ewing, NJ 08618
cook at path.net                                   (609) 882-2572
Ask about my 15,000 word, $250, CATV vs. Telco's Internet & NII Study
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:  Tuesday, August 24, 1993             AT&T Announces New Internet Connectivity Options         BASKING RIDGE, N.J -- AT&T today announced new options that will
provide a single-vendor solution for accessing both the global Internet
and enhanced messaging services.  These new options will be available in
the first quarter of 1994 to customers of AT&T InterSpan (R) Services,
AT&T EasyLink Services and the millions of people worldwide who use the
        There will be new connections to the Internet from AT&T InterSpan
Frame Relay Services and Information Access Services.  There also will
be new connections from AT&T EasyLink Services to the Internet through
AT&T InterSpan Services.
        Customers of InterSpan Services will gain a variety of convenient,
cost-effective options to access the global Internet.  At the same time,
InterSpan customers and all global Internet users will be able to
subscribe to the full range of messaging services from AT&T EasyLink
Services including electronic mail, text-to-fax delivery and telex, and
will be able to communicate with subscribers of non-Internet commercial
network services worldwide.
          AT&T InterSpan Frame Relay Service customers will have access
to the Internet by simply adding a single permanent virtual circuit to
their existing connections.
        Similarly, InterSpan Information Access Service customers will
be able to access the Internet at speeds ranging from 300 - 14400 bps
with a nationwide toll-free, seven-digit number (950-1ATT).
        "Increasingly, organizations need to reach beyond their own
boundaries to access the information and computing resources they need,"
said Jayne Fitzgerald, product line director, InterSpan Data
Communications Services.  "With these new options, our customers will
have the opportunity to simplify their premises equipment needs and
vendor interface requirements, as well as streamline their network
management issues."
        For customers of AT&T EasyLink Services, who already have
access to the global Internet, the new connections will mean improved
reliability and performance for their Internet communications.
        "More and more people, including AT&T customers, want to have
the option to communicate on the global Internet," said Sal Noto,
product management vice president, AT&T EasyLink Services.  "In
providing that option, we're increasing the ease with which millions
of people can access each other as well as the information they want
and need."
         The new AT&T options will include a naming service based
on the Domain Name System (DNS), a widely used method for naming and
translating addresses on the Internet.  With this service, AT&T customers
will be able to register an Internet name of their choice--one that
reflects their corporate identity, for example--and use that name for
their communication on the Internet.  AT&T also will offer to assist
customers with selection, registration and maintenance of their names
on the Internet.
        All of the new AT&T Internet connectivity options will support
TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/ Internet Protocol), the primary
method for transferring information across various networks on the
        Customers of the new Internet connectivity options will be able
to tap into the InterNic directory and database services.  Provided by
AT&T since April under a cooperative agreement with the National Science
Foundation, these services make it easier for all Internet users to find
available Internet resources.        AT&T InterSpan Frame Relay Service and InterSpan Information
Access Service are members of a comprehensive new family of high-quality,
innovative data connectivity solutions designed to make it easier
to link people, locations and information.  The InterSpan Services
facilitate faster, more efficient distributed computing for business
through customized data services flexible enough to change and grow
as a company evolves.
        AT&T EasyLink Services serves more than 160 countries and has
sales and support offices in three dozen countries.  AT&T EasyLink
Services offers one of the broadest arrays of electronic messaging
services in the market, including electronic data interchange, gateways
from LAN-based e-mail systems and telex, in addition to electronic mail,
enhanced fax and information services.                             # # # Editors' notes: The global Internet is a system of approximately 14,000 interconnected
data networks, reaching more than 100 countries and serving commercial organizations, research organizations, governments and universities.
By the end of 1993, more than 2 million computers, terminals and other
devices will be accessible on the Internet. 950 access is currently available in 90% of the U.S. market.  Where 950
access is not available and as back-up, an 800 number is provided.                             # # #

@_date: 1993-08-25 22:17:48
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Thoughts on Posting to the List 
The topic of secrecy in development of various cypherpunk pet projects
has been raised peripherally before by G. Toal and szabo at netcom.com
(Nick Szabo) brings it up explicitly:
I'd like to motivate anyone developing various projects to be candid in
describing their development. After all, there is enough room in areas
such as Digital Cash for the entire population. In publicizing your
efforts, you can unite with others who are developing similar ideas and
can point out weaknesses in approaches that may cost you dearly to
discover otherwise.
In fact, to be secretive about the development of critical projects is
extremely counterproductive from the point of view of the overall
movement. Only the NSA believes that it can (1) keep important
technology under wraps, (2) gain the upper hand in doing so.
To a large degree, this petty secrecy is probably inherent to the
Cypherpunk personality, one of those nagging glitches in the group
psyche that is continually tripping up true progress and prompting the
recent introspective meanderings about Cypherpunks Stalled.
However, in volunteering information about projects, I also recommend
that the author develop a thick skin and not be dissuaded by any
negative comments that attack the whole foundation of the proposal as
misguided. It is better to have written a program and toss it aside
than to have never written one at all.
Now, along totally opposite lines of *discouraging* postings to anyone
proposing digital cash ideas (or cryptographic ones in general) --
please, read at least *one* article on the subject in a magazine before
coming up with your own Digital Cash Scheme Supreme, which may look
rather naive and simpleminded in retrospect of further focused, serious
consideration. Minor criticisms aside, over almost a decade Chaum has
done an *excellent* job of putting together very solid and ingenious
systems, and in both articulating and accomplishing the critical goals
at stake. In fact, in reading his descriptions, one often has that
inescapable satisfaction that goes along with all great research and
discoveries, the vague feeling along the lines of `I wouldn't have
thought of that, but now that you point it out, it's obviously critical
and important'.
In particular, the two survey articles mentioned by H. Finney bear
repeating: Scientific American, Aug 1992 p. 96, and Communications of
the ACM, October 1985, p.1030.  The first is a rather `user friendly'
introduction that goes some detail on the `representative-observer'
relationship and the basics of blinding. The latter describes in much
more detail his three-tiered system for what might be called `social
privacy' (hinting at but still lacking most of the mathematics): dining
cryptographers protocol creating totally secure anonymity in
communication, the digital cash transaction that guarantees total
anonymity, and the idea of institutions granting `credentials' to allow
a person to develop and maintain reputations completely pseudonymously.
This is all very epochal work, perhaps only exceeded in importance by
public key cryptography in influencing vast new social and
technological infrastructures.

@_date: 1993-08-26 20:22:39
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cisco routers backdoor 
Rumors abound that Cisco routers have a back door; that is when a TCP port is
disabled, it can still be accessed from Cisco's IP number.
I have personally verified this with the sendmail port.
Al Whaley        al at sunnyside.com       +1-415 322-5411(Tel), -6481 (Fax)
Sunnyside Computing, Inc., PO Box 60, Palo Alto, CA 94302
   [Private trapdoors for developers and maintenance folks are remarkably
   common, and in many other cases represent more serious risks than this    one.  WarGames was not pulling your leg.  PGN]
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-27 22:37:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Internet: commercial or not? 
This is just a little blip on the screen of the increasing strains in
the commercialization of the internet, a message enclosed below for
your perusal. There is a huge amount of seismic fault-slipping on this
subject. What is `allowed' on the internet? For example, are people
allowed to send credit card numbers to businesses for purchase? this is
happening with e.g. Wired subscriptions and other situations, but most
places who advertise directly get flamed by someone in the NSF ranks,
and afterwards at least do it more discreetly.
The situation is that the `internet' is now such a patchwork of
different nets, all with different policies and oversight, is very
close to anarchy, but still with distinct `taboos' against commercial
activity, to put it lightly. But the day that everyone will be dialing
up the Online Shopping Program over their PCs is inevitable and rapidly
approaching. The only question is, what will become of the current
`internet'? Will future networks just be laid on top of it, or will it
whither up after all traffic moves to completely `unrestricted'
commercial networks? I was just telling someone in email: to the extent
that you like the Internet, it is unrepresentative of the typical
government program. To the extent that you dislike it, it is
representative. It has only flourished to the degree it has because of
relative *unregulation* and *unrestriction*.
A major problem is that there is no way to guarantee that a given
message traverses exclusively commercial networks in going from one
source to another. I propose that new mail protocols be developed that
enforce the distinction, such that the message can `request' it be
transmitted in a completely commercial `unrestricted' path or not at
all. In this way a new group of networks governed by agencies
explicitly commited to unrestricted commercial traffic (hehe, sounds
sort of ominous like Unrestricted Submaring Warfare).
In the current situation, all the government bureacrats fire off
messages that `even though your message can travel on commercial nets
only, there is no way of guaranteeing that it does not cross public
networks, therefore it must abide by NSF Internet Use Policies.'  In a
system where transmission paths are prescribed for email, a completely
commercial network can be achieved, an absolutely critical foundation
for all future electronic economics, and all our favorite ideas
(digital banks, services, etc.), with no whiney complaints from the
Backward Bureacrats.
If anyone is familar with the proliferation of online services over
commercial internet subnetworks, such as the `biz' distribution of
Usenet, please post more information on the progress of this.
Read my words! as beautiful and promising as the Internet is today, it
is just a small glimmer in the eye of future cyberspace, in which all
traffic is unrestricted except in volume and cost per bit (the former
prodigious and the latter piddly), so that commercial enterprise can
flourish. We have already waited long enough. The current taboos on the
internet will look quaintly archaic.
Look at the way this guy below is whining because the NIC service had a
`nice booth at InterOp' with enough cost to have funded `3-4 full time
employees typing whois entries' and asks for an `audit' because of the
possibility of (horrors) `advertising'. Yes, in the current dark ages I
concede he has a valid point (they are funded in part by NSF grants),
but this shows in crystalline clarity the absolutely chilling effect
that government funding has on a project (e.g., the internet) in
constraining its full commercial development. The greatest supporters
are the greatest detractors!  Where else would a company be criticized
& investigated for having a classy booth at a trade convention (uh,
Microsoft excepted)?  When the whole cyberspace in unrestricted,
though,  I suppose he'll pop up complaining about the big companies
with glossy booths that could have funded 20 children on Welfare.
BTW, Network Information Center, database & catalogue of all internet
services, while a thinly veiled approach likely to evolve into a
full-fledged charging & advertising Cyberspatial Yellow Pages, is
clearly a cornerstone of AT&T's new drive into the internet for the
masses. (What is this guy referring to in the `attempt to reduce
expected services as with Whois'?)
Posted-Date: Fri, 27 Aug 93 12:09:31 EDT
Sender: ietf-request at IETF.CNRI.Reston.VA.US
Reply-To: bsimpson at morningstar.com
It has become apparent with the recent spate of disregard for internet
etiquette (posting job positions, posting "advertisements"), and the
simultaneous attempt to reduce expected services (whois), the providers
of the InterNIC are not suitable.
Did everyone see that they can afford a nice booth at InterOp?  When did
any previous NSF grantee get such a thing?
The cost could have funded 3-4 full-time employees typing whois entries.
Obviously, the grant was too large, since they have all of this extra
money for advertising.
And why would they need to advertise, except that they want to leverage
a monopoly grant position into some commercial market?
I call for an NSF audit to endure that NSF money was not spent for
advertising and lobbying.
Bill.Simpson at um.cc.umich.edu
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-28 00:17:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cisco response 
RISKS 14.89 27 Aug 93
There are no known bugs in any software providing access-control-list
functionality in any current cisco software.  There has only been one very
obscure bug that could cause a security problem in the history of our product,
and we immediately fixed this problem, published an immediate workaround, and
informed CERT of this problem.  We have never, and will never implement any
sort of trapdoor or backdoor functionality which would allow bypassing of
ordinary security systems.
Paul Traina, cisco Systems

@_date: 1993-08-31 22:29:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NY TAXES CYBERSPACE, CRAM REACTS 
============================== START ==============================
Attention c'punks! A massive artillery fire on our Cyberspatial Reality
Advancement Movement (CRAM) has been volleyed on the NY front! Retrenchments and counterattack requested ASAP! Reports that this is
the first major enemy offensive on free Cyberspatial territory, to be
followed by supporting attacks in nearby theatres soon! The enemy must
be subjugated at this early critical period before basic footholds are
established to supply a larger offensive! Critical aspects of our evolving plan:
1) match offensives with more powerful counterattacks
2) infiltrate the enemy with spies and saboteurs, leverage strategic insights
3) propaganda and disinformation campaign on the public and enemy
We've been caught completely off guard by this attack! Let's banish our
passivity and complacency and surge into action! Onward, troops!
 OK, so what does all this gobbledegook mean? It means simply that New York
State has decided to trash the information superhighway that has been touted
as the solution to unemployment and the means by which New York could have
rebuilt itself. New York, former home of leading edge high-technology is
working overtime to relegate its citizenry to the welfare rolls.
 It means that BBS's which are already liable for collection of sales tax
must now go back and collect an additional 5% for a total of 13%. This tax
is RETROACTIVE ... Any BBS which has already collected a membership fee or
other charges up front for a year of service must go back and collect more
money from their subscribers unless their fiscal year begins on September 1.
 It means that a connection to the Internet, a subscription to GEnie,
Prodigy, or CompuServe just got A LOT more expensive. It means that
directory assistance calls to look up a phone number will cost more. Calls
for technical support or 800 or 900 services just got a lot more expensive.
Relatives of mine who are still employed by IBM downstate got told by their
superiors that as a potential result of this change IBM and numerous other
information service providers have decided or will decide to leave New York
as quickly as possible.
 Newspapers and other entities that would have poured millions of dollars into New York's economy have found the cost to potential users and subscribers  of new information services has now moved beyond practicality.
The bottom line is that New York has literally killed its own future. New
York's politicians from the Governor to the majority in both aisles of the
legislature have shown a degree of stupidity unparalleled since Nero was
emperor in Rome in killing the golden goose that could have made New York a
mecca for high tech communications. Modern communications in New York by
political fiat will have to consist of semaphor flags and smoke signals
while the remainder of the world outside our third-world state go digital.
 This particular episode proves that New York's political system is so
corrupt and so incredibly inept that citizens of New York really have to
give serious consideration to drastic measures against our state government
including voting out every single politician in statewide office. I am
particularly dismayed that this tax law was kept SO secret while being
nursed through the legislative process that no one knew about it at all,
including the Senate. Not a single one of my contacts was able to find out about any of this in advance. Even the notification from Tax and Finance a mere three days before its enactment was incredible and unprecedented.
 This latest folly will have no effect on free bulletin boards such as
Friends & Lovers, but it will be murder on those services run by those who
thought New York might have permitted them to eek out a living with a
computer and a modem. Thirteen percent sales tax? Think about that number a
little bit. The morons we elected have gone and done it. Do we really think
they're done yet? Are you REALLY going to vote for the same guy again in the
Assembly, the Senate, or the State house? Or are you going to make use of
your digital communications while there is still a dialtone? Is Bill Clinton
watching New York's government and is Bill Clinton REALLY going to sit idly
by and let our bozos in Albany get away with it?
 Information superhighway ... ptooey!
[...] The biggest threats to the use of cyberspace are NOT going to come out those committees and state organizations that deal directly with coputes, the Internet or other on-line services, but from places like the Finance committeess, etc, who see the use of the Internet and other services as a way of helping to fill the state's coffers. If we are going to educate anybody within the government, it MUST be those who seem to have the least sake in cyberspace. As Kevin so rightely pointed out, the boays in Finance and over at T&F have effectively put the Internet, CompuServe, GEnie and other commercial on-line services out of the reach of those who might benefit MOST from the use of such services. In some areas of the state the extra 5% that they just tacked onto the bill could bring the total coast closer to 20% rather than the 13% it does in ALbany. Worst part is, that the legislation that authorizes such things is often buried in the middle of bills that take weeks to read owing to their sheer size. Our information highway is going to become a dead end dirt road if things like this continue in NY.
STATE OF NEW YORK SLAPS 13 PERCENT SALES TAX ON INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY

@_date: 1993-12-03 23:49:15
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Wired Photographer 
I was talking to K.Kelly of Wired and rather surprisingly he can't
remember the name of the photographer who shot the Cypherpunks pictures
(e.g. the same one used in NYT). Does anyone know who this person is?
Please send me email.

@_date: 1993-12-04 02:09:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cryptoanarchist Alert 
I would appreciate that whoever at Sun is goofing around would cut it out.

@_date: 1993-12-04 22:54:36
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cyberspatial Bill of Rights 
Of interest to some...
Courtesy Friends & Lovers BBS, Selkirk, NY
 Posted with the permission of Frank Connolly of
 The American University. Information on how to contact him is at the
 end of this document.
 ++++++++++++++++++
 The following document might be of interest...
 Called the  Bill of Rights and Responsibilities
 for Electronic Learners,  it is a model policy statement regarding the
 rights and responsibilities of individuals and institutions regarding
 computers and electronic networks in education. Although the project
 was begun as part of EDUCOM, it is now an initiative of the American
 Association of Higher Education (AAHE).
 Your comments and suggestions for gaining consideration and discussion
 of the Bill on campuses, in school districts and professional forums
 would be appreciated.
 ===============    TEXT OF BILL FOLLOWS  ===========================
 PREAMBLE
 In order to protect the rights and recognize the responsibilities of
 individuals and institutions, we, the members of the educational
 community, propose this Bill of Rights and Responsibilities for the
 Electronic Community of Learners.  These principles are based on a
 recognition that the electronic community is a complex subsystem of  the educational community founded on the values espoused by that
 community.  As new technology modifies the system and further empowers
 individuals, new values and responsibilities will change this culture.
 As technology assumes an integral role in education and lifelong
 learning, technological empowerment of individuals and organizations
 becomes a requirement and right for students, faculty, staff, and
 institutions, bringing with it new levels of responsibility that
 individuals and institutions have to themselves and to other members
 of the educational community.
 ARTICLE I: INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS
 The original Bill of Rights explicitly recognized that all individuals
 have certain fundamental rights as members of the national community.
 In the same way, the citizens of the electronic community of learners
 have fundamental rights that empower them.
 Section 1.
 A citizen's access to computing and information resources shall  not be denied or removed without just cause.  Section 2.  The right to access includes the right to appropriate training and  tools required to effect access.  Section 3.  All citizens shall have the right to be informed about personal  information that is being and has been collected about them, and  have the right to review and correct that information,.  Personal  information about a citizen shall not be used for other than the  expressed purpose of its collection without the explicit  permission of that citizen.  Section 4.  The constitutional concept of freedom of speech applies to  citizens of electronic communities.  Section 5.  All citizens of the electronic community of learners have
 ownership rights over their own intellectual works.
 ARTICLE II: INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITIES  Just as certain rights are given to each citizen of the electronic  community of learners, each citizen is held accountable for his  or her actions.  The interplay of rights and responsibilities  within each individual and within the community engenders  the trust and intellectual freedom that form the heart of our  society. This trust and freedom are grounded on each person's  developing the skills necessary to be an active and contributing  citizen of the electronic community. These skills include an  awareness and knowledge about information technology and  the uses of information and an understanding of the roles in the  electronic community of learners.  Section 1.  It shall be each citizen's personal responsibility to actively  pursue needed resources: to recognize when information is  needed, and to be able to find, evaluate, and effectively use  information.  Section 2.
 It shall be each citizen's personal responsibility to recognize  (attribute) and honor the intellectual property of others.  Section 3.  Since the electronic community of learners is based upon the  integrity and authenticity of information, it shall be each  citizen's personal responsibility to be aware of the potential for  and possible effects of manipulating electronic information: to  understand the fungible nature of electronic information; and to  verify the integrity and authenticity, and assure the security of  information that he or she compiles or uses.  Section 4.  Each citizen, as a member of the electronic community of  learners, is responsible to all other citizens in that community:  to respect and value the rights of privacy for all; to recognize and  respect the diversity of the population and opinion in the  community; to behave ethically; and to comply with legal  restrictions regarding the use of information resources.  Section 5.  Each citizen, as a member of the electronic community of
 learners, is responsible to the community as a whole to
 understand what information technology resources are  available, to recognize that the members of the community  share them, and to refrain from acts that waste resources or  prevent others from using them.  ARTICLE III: RIGHTS OF EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS  Educational institutions have legal standing similar to that of  individuals.  Our society depends upon educational institutions  to educate our citizens and advance the development of  knowledge.  However, in order to survive, educational  institutions must attract financial and human resources.  Therefore, society must grant these institutions the rights to the  electronic resources and information necessary to accomplish  their goals.  Section 1.  The access of an educational institutions to computing and  information resources shall not be denied or removed without  just cause.  Section 2.
 Educational institutions in the electronic community of learners  have ownership rights over the intellectual works they create.  Section 3.  Each educational institution has the authority to allocate  resources in accordance with its unique institutional mission.  ARTICLE IV: INSTITUTIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES  Just as certain rights are assured to educational institutions in  the electronic community of learners, so too each is held  accountable for the appropriate exercise of those rights to foster  the values of society and to carry out each institution's mission.  This interplay of rights and responsibilities within the  community fosters the creation and maintenance of an  environment wherein trust and intellectual freedom are the  foundation for individual and institutional growth and success.  Section 1.  The institutional members of the electronic community of  learners have a responsibility to provide all members of their
 community with legally acquired computer resources (hardware,
 software, networks, data bases, etc.) in all instances where access  to or use of the resources is an integral part of active  participation in the electronic community of learners.  Section 2.  Institutions have a responsibility to develop, implement, and  maintain security procedures to insure the integrity of  individual and institutional files.  Section 3.  The institution shall treat electronically stored information as  confidential.  The institution shall treat all personal files as  confidential, examining or disclosing the contents only when  authorized by the owner of the information, approved by the  appropriate institutional official, or required by local, state or  federal law.  Section 4.  Institutions in the electronic community of learners shall train  and support faculty, staff, and students to effectively use  information technology.  Training includes skills to use the  resources, to be aware of the existence of data repositories and
 techniques for using them, and to understand the ethical and
 legal uses of the resources.
                                                 August, 1993
 *  Frank Connolly                         The American University      *
 *  FRANK at American.EDU                     119 Clark Hall               *
 *  (202) 885-3164                         Washington, D.C  20016       *

@_date: 1993-12-04 23:43:09
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A Clarification on My Trials and Tribulations 
Cypherpunks, you just don't get it. Why am I continuing to attack you
and your leaders despite your vicious, cowardly attacks on me and my
friends? Because, as long as you stand for *lies*, you do not have a
right to exist. And to the extent that you promote *lies* you are
corrupting the Internet and poisoning cyberspace.
J.Gilmore says, `a pseudonym is not illegal unless used for deceptive
purposes.' But you cypherpunks, that's the *only* purpose you are using
them for! If I asked a tentacle, `are you a pseudonym', and it said
`yes', do you think I would have gone to all this trouble to write tens
of thousands of words attacking people and a movement I used to
respect? If I asked your leaders, `have you ever communicated with me
under a pseudonym' and they gave me straight answers, do you think I
would still be around? YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO LIE TO ANYONE.
Cypherpunks, how many of you have gotten messages, `hey, what do you
think about T.C.May or E.Hughes and this pseudospoofing thing? Are you
going to do anything about it?' For all of you who don't give a damn
about your leaders pseudospoofing, why don't you care that your own
leaders could be molesting you with their tentacles in this way? Using
them in a manipulative way to gauge your loyalty to the movement and
manipulate your trust? On the list and in your email? WHY DON'T YOU
GIVE A DAMN? All I can conclude is that everyone here is in favor of
deception, treachery, betrayal, and perversions, *particularly* if
their leaders are responsible. Where the hell do you think I got all
the stuff for `Joy of Pseudospoofing'? You think I made it all up?
Your leaders molested me in precisely this way, but both the tentacles
and your leaders stonewalled, evaded, and counterattacked. They think
it is FUNNY how they have personally driven me to the BRINK OF
INSANITY. And they *continue* to escalate instead of making simple
statements about their beliefs in pseudospoofing, which would satisfy
me and anyone else who has doubts.
You want the truth? despite their bland statements your leaders *know*
that pseudospoofing is PERVERTED and that is the only reason they
refrain from saying anything about it, the only reason they continue to
attack me as a deranged lunatic. What am I, the police? I don't GIVE A
DAMN about all your perversions, as long as you keep them the hell out
of my mailbox. But you *don't*. Everytime I think there is another
person I can trust, it was nothing but another Leader Tentacle. Look,
if you LIE TO ME in mail, THAT PISSES ME OFF and I will ATTACK you for
it in an attempt to get to the TRUTH. and it should PISS OFF EVERYONE
ELSE HERE TOO but NOBODY GIVES A DAMN.
When I hear strange rumors about deceptions in the media, and your
eminent leaders fail to reassure me, why is no one else upset about
this?  Cypherpunks, don't you give a DAMN that articles by reputable
authors may contain DISTORTIONS AND LIES? Look, Markoff is a highly
respected writer. And if you lie or deceive a reporter, that is like a
personal insult. These people could get *fired* if their articles are
incorrect in a serious way. but you don't GIVE A DAMN. you think it is
FUNNY that you can TRICK REPUTABLE PEOPLE TO BELIEVE IN LIES and so you
can PROPAGATE THEM FURTHER.
Is there an honest cypherpunk in the entire world? None have contacted
me so far. There are a few people that are slinking away quietly with
their tail between their legs, but I think you all are just the same
scurrilous cowards that your leaders are.

@_date: 1993-12-04 23:49:36
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Magic Question 
Cypherpunks, please tell me what question I can ask of a psychopunk
tentacle such that it will not lie and say that it is a real person! If
you have any honesty or credibility, tell me that question!
You don't believe in honesty, though. You believe you have the right to
invade other's attention with your stealth identities. You rant loudly
that anyone who attempts to make sure you are real is insane and a
`digital stalker'. You believe you have the right to stick any mail
message in anyones mailbox, to post to any newsgroup you wish. You
believe that you have a right to trample on the rights of others. And
you know you are perverted, but attack me as Satan for telling you
that. You think you have the right to lie to anyone who asks, `who are you?'
Tell me that question. I will go away when someone tells me the question.

@_date: 1993-12-05 00:39:38
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Larry Dyer 
E.Hughes informs me L.Dyer is the cypherpunks Wired photographer. Could
someone help me get in contact with him?
E.Hughes says to me, `if you still can't take a joke, don't bother
replying.' I'm amused by E.Hughes, the most frigid cyberspatial
personality I have ever met, referencing the subject of humor. What is
the joke? Who is it on? L.Detweiler? G.Spafford? Wired? NYT? How many
sites? How many states does it span? How many countries? How many
registered DNS entries? What kind of software? How many fake
identities? What about the telephony manipulations? Every practical
joker I have ever met at least had the decency to *end* it.
ah, what a cruel joke. and the jokers delight in it. they will never
stop. to do so would be to admit that they are frauds.

@_date: 1993-12-05 02:44:39
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Invasion of Privacy 
Hello again, you darling cryptoanarchists! I just wanted to drop you a
line on the subject of my resume. At least one psychopunk has access to
my real paper resume and one tentacle has had long had access to an
ASCII version. An informer tells me that both have been circulating in
some circles for you all to smirk at. I consider this an atrocious breach of my privacy by more hypocrites.
My resume is directed at those who I intend, not those who wish to
discredit me. If you have knowledge of its circulation, please send me email.
Now, back to your regularly scheduled perversions.

@_date: 1993-12-05 22:59:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Gwest what! 
Sigh. No one has taken over for me, but I still have many requests from
people who loved the Guess Which Eminent Leader Said This game. I will
do this one in batches, and save the best for last. I include some
translations (they speak in CryptoAnarchish, and this will help refine
my translation skills). This is probably the last one, but one never
knows if I might get  some new material later.
* * *
Third Eminent Leader
The Third eminent leader is mostly uninvolved personally, but he is
still an accomplice to concealing the perversions of the other two leaders.
`Pseudonyms are for magazine subscriptions. Besides, Chaum came up with
pseudonyms for his own protocols. Is he subversive?'
The point to make about this is that Chaum's pseudonyms are
*understood* to be pseudonyms by a bank. But this detracts from the
potency of the propaganda. And the Cryptoanarchist tentacles are very
different than magazine pseudonyms! But he will never understand
something so contrary to the Religion of Lies. (I was quite
disappointed to find he had been brainwashed.) Anyway, next one:
`I only give my phone number to my friends. I'm not going to give it to
you, the way things are going with our conversations.'
I was going to call this Eminent Leader to ask him about some of his
claims in his email messages and his personal knowledge and involvement
in the Cypherpunk pseudospoofing. I think he feels more comfortable
lying in email than on the phone.
* * *
Second Eminent Leader:
`Better to leave all our beliefs unwritten, and pretend the agenda is
what we favor.''
I can't remember if this was through the `jamie' tentacle or not. But
it is highly characteristic of this person, whose whole life is nothing
but a pretense. Every post of his was designed to cleverly conceal some
hidden agenda in respectable prose. A master of brainwashing! more on this later.
`better to live with the occasional vagaries of digital pseudonyms than
to ban them.'
This is doublespeak for saying, `You had better not find out that I
have been molesting you with my tentacles all this time!'
* * *
First Eminent Leader:
The First Eminent Leader keeps a low profile on the list under his True
Name, but realize that his tentacles have always been the most active
of all! He is also a firm believer in the CryptoAnarchist ideology. He
is the main purveyor! Most other outlets are secondary. But he is very
careful only to speak through his tentacles, because he knows the
Cryptoanarchist agenda is inherently criminal. As for ideology, let's
just say he's more extremist than Perry Metzger.
``I am [x]. I have never posted or emailed under any name other than
[x]. At least, that's what I say. It's really a baldfaced lie. What I
am saying is that I have been so extremely clever (it is my nature to
outthink all the other pathetic brains out there!) that no one can
prove otherwise, particularly regarding the tentacles I have used to
molest my followers with. I can attest that I am different from other
people, including the ones that I invent.''
This was an interesting quote. You migh think that this person would be
scared of lying in RISKS or sending his tentacle-grams in for
submissions. Actually, he has been doing it for quite awhile!
The next one he sent me in private mail a long time ago. The scenario
was when I posted my message, `An Introspective Note' that led me to
all my brilliant realizations over the last few weeks, and the
demonization by every cypherpunk as Satan. So, this was long before I
had poisoned my reputation in front of the cypherpunks. (`The enmity of
a criminal is equivalent to the praise of a hero.')
``You must learn to be a sycophant in your posts or less conspicuous
and refined. You are outshining those who created the Cypherpunks. I
have too long tolerated your trash. You must learn to kiss my ass. If I
prevented you from posting, that would not be censorship. It would be a
simple exercise of my silent, iron fist.''
And, one of my favorites. This demonstrates the leader's arrogance and
commitment to pseudospoofing quite nicely.
 ``That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited. That
which is illegal or perverted should be allowed. The claim that a
person should have only one pseudonym per forum indicates profound
misunderstanding. The claim that a leader should be prevented from
molesting his followers with tentacles indicates profound
enlightenment. If someone wants to have multiple pseudonyms, they will
be able to; that is one of the main goals of cypherpunks software. If a
 leader wants to molest even the people who trust him with dozens of
tentacles, he will do so, that is one of the main goals of my life of
lies. The situations you despise will occur. I, Medusa, will betray you
with my snakes. This is reality. This is my life. Change your own
psychology or change your own software. Become corrupt yourself or try
in vain to prevent something that cannot be stopped. You will not be
able to change the other person. I am God.''

@_date: 1993-12-05 23:13:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Archives 
Hello, I have been looking all over for cypherpunk archives. Could
someone tell me where to find them? Is there an FTP site somewhere? Why
has it taken so long to get them together? If I find a server, will
someone volunteer to send me their collections? (My collection is quite
thorough but I have a lot of private mail with other cypherpunks,
particularly the leaders, mixed up in it, and if I put mine online I
might accidentally reveal some of the private mail, unless I go through
it painstakingly to remove all the incriminating ones, which would take
quite awhile because they are quite littered with them, and it would be
exceptionally painful for me to look at, to notice how long I was being
manipulated, molested, and betrayed, and how others and their pet
projects were being suppressed with tentacle attacks, so generally it
wouldn't be a good idea for me to go back through my archives like
this, although it is certainly possible that I will do so, if no one
else volunteers, just out of the venemous spite cultivated in me by
this corrupt farce that masquerades as a movement, in fact I consider
it all `ammunition' in a kind of uplifting way, to be used as a
countermeasure against cyberspatial terrorists who are poisoning
Cyberspace, but no one has noticed yet, but increasingly everyone
understands that the Cryptoanarchists are completely subversive at
heart and must be pursued and oppressed, even though it is a grisly
task that few have the balls for, and quite a few have fainted in the
sight of the blood.)
I heard that the leaders were opposed to archives for some reason or
another. Something about it being like an NSA surveillance procedure. I
think the problem is that it could capture quite a few of the Leader
Tentacles. Oh well.

@_date: 1993-12-05 23:59:56
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Love Lost 
It appears I have made quite a pest of myself on this mailing list, and
that everyone hates me, and curses me as Satan, particularly at the
delight and encouragement of your leaders. In fact, a long time ago,
before it became clear I was such an unstable jerk and paranoid lunatic
out to get people who betray me, in fact around the time of the PGP
subpoenas, in which I had continually sent out some of my most
masterful and brilliant postings, when I still had a respectable
reputation, despite that P.Metzger was continually attacking and
dogging me in the most vicious way a human being (at least, I think he
is human, but on the Internet no one knows if you are a dog) can attack
another in cyberspace, that man who once thought that the name
`cypherpunk' just sounded too darn extremist and flamed me over my
insistence that it was colorful and dramatic, precisely the kind of
term that would inspire a Wired or a NYT reporter just enough to write
a story about a fraudulent sham, anyway, about this time E.Hughes told
me that I should learn some quality in my postings or he might employ
some method that would prevent me from sending them. I wondered, dear
sir, was this censorship? Actually, I was quite a bit more pissed off
than that, and said so in my mail, because I had tried to maintain a
positive communication with E.Hughes for many months, but no matter
what I ever wrote he had the most frigid, arrogant, authoritarian and
autocratic, dictatorial and tyrannical, `silent iron fist' opinion I
had ever seen in tens of thousands of messages I have sent to hundreds
of people over my ~4 years of Internet experience, small I grant you
but I have been typing the whole time! Anyway, Mr. Hughes said,  `If I
prevented you from posting, this would not be censorship.' I said, `if
this is an open forum, it would be censorship.' He didn't seem to reply
to that. I think the answer is that this is the Eric Hughes mailing
list, and that anyone who posts a lot and really refines what they
write, or has a large vocabulary, or writes mini-newsletters with
multiple topics the way the most respectable organizations do, like EFF
and CPSR, and flames the leaders when they do something stupid like
promote child pornography or abandon PGP, who ignores flames by people
who are obviously obnoxious idiots who yell at people for their better
accomplishments, who doesn't write in simple phrases that are more
chiseled than flowing, and doesn't post about totally arcane references
to Fermat's Little Theorem and Most Obscure Abelian Mathematics, copied
directly from references with no understanding to impress the hordes of
sycophantic followers, or name drops people who work at PKP (only
conspiracy theorists think they have anything to do with the NSA,
because they are really truly liberating), or takes the time to do
research behind his postings, this person is clearly guilty of the
obnoxious crime of not having sufficiently kissed enough ass to be
allowed to continue to post. In fact, I have consistently failed to
kiss the ass of all three leaders, who all strike me as corrupt and
consistently refuse to go to any length to suggest otherwise, and for
this I deserve the all the vicious retribution that you can unload on
me. In fact, there is a great opportunity to do so right now in the
newsgroups under the `Cryptoanarchist Conspiracy Alert' thread, I
encourage you to do so, instead of mail bombing me, which doesn't
really serve any purpose whatsoever except to demonstrate your sheer
idiocy. You might flame me for writing exceedingly long sentences and
paragraphs and letter, geez, you'd think you were trying to insult our
intelligence with big words and concepts we can't understand, all that
take so damn long to read and understand compared to watching
television,e.g. MTV music videos or Beavis and Butthead, who are far
more entertaining and uplifting and inspiring than my pathetic excuse for a life.
I really am disappointed, I thought I might be able to elicit some kind
of statement from your leaders on their personal knowledge of
pseudospoofing or pseudoanonymity here, especially in the face of
public pressure from honest members, saying `is what he is saying
really true? why are you refusing to answer him? have you really done
all that he claims?' I was really looking forward to posting that big
story fantastic story about pseudospoofing in WWII I offered to,
kissing and making up! I am not a vindictive person at heart, in fact,
writing letters like these drive me to vomit, but your leaders have
given me no choice. Its too bad that the belligerence and obstinance of
a few continues to spoil it for everone else. Honest cypherpunks, I'm
sorry that I can't tell you a neat story about pseudospoofing, but you
will just have to ask your leaders why they have deprived it from you.
Anyway, clearly I do not deserve to post here any longer! Its not
getting any of us anywhere. Mr. Hughes sent me mail recently suggesting
that I `can't take a joke', that I have no sense of humor. Perhaps it
is true! He should know! I will have to go somewhere else, for example
the newsgroups, and really post some of my best material I have ever
crafted, all that relates to my tenure and demise on the cypherpunks
list, especially that which relates to its corruptions and lies. Yet I
have failed to receive any mail (at least, that I know of at the
moment) from any of your leaders asking me to refrain from posting to
the cypherpunks list. In fact, I have waited for quite awhile for any
mail of this sort. I continue to write  unrequited! Please, let us all
achieve resolution. I ask that one of the leaders, for the benefit of
everyone here, send me any of the following messages. If you do so, I
will promise to stop posting under my True Name. Of course, I can't
guarantee anything about any other `penetration', particularly because
cypherpunks are the promoters of this kind of subversive infiltration,
and for me to be asked to refrain from it would be the epitome, the
height of corrupt hypocrisy. But, on the other hand, perhaps your
leaders reached that point a long time ago.
Anyway, I promise to do all this if I receive the following message:
from: hughes
subject: Go Away, Prick
ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu,postmaster at longs.colostate.edu,root at l
ongs.colostate.edu,tcmay at netcom.com,gnu at toad.com,cypherpunks at toad.com,pr
esident at whitehouse.com,markoff at nyt.com,kelly at wired.com,diffie at sun.com
Because of your continual disruptions in our honest endeavors, your
continual slandering of our reputations, your continual insistence on a
conspiracy and pseudospoofing we know absolutely nothing about, you
have been censored from posting to the cypherpunks list as
ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu. In fact, we are running an
automatic filter that will bounce all messages with the strings
`L.Detweiler', `pseudospoofing', `pseudoanonymity', `democracy',
`Medusa', `torture', `anarchy', `guerilla', `conspiracy', `government',
`impersonation', `consensus', `agenda', `police state', `oppress',
`molest', `tyranny', `dictator', `autocracy', `autocrat',
`dictatorship', `tyrant', `poison', `confess', `contrite',
`inquisition', `insidious', `accomplice', `treason', `moral', `morale',
`ethics', `punish', `corrupt', `lie', `propaganda', `cult',
`sentencing', `brainwashing', `integrity', `honest', `true',
`pseudonym', `forgery', `hypocrisy', `pure', `poseur', `fraud', `tax',
`psychopath', `psychosis', `egomania', `hoax', `FBI', `society',
`obsession', `monomania', `persecution', `censor', `hallucination',
`insanity', `arrogant', `egomania', `bastard', `vain', `vainglory',
`pervert', `depravity', `delusion', `truth', `leader', `tentacle',
`attack', `evade', `deception', `practical joke', `harass', `crime',
`privacy', `torment', `phantom', `accusation', `paranoia', `traitor',
`disrupt', `pretend', `disreputable', `appropriate', `authority',
`courtesy', `movement', `pariah', `cooperation', `cabal',
`prosecution', `cacaphony', `stalemate', `dischord', `subvert',
`martyr', `public', `revolt', `revolution', `scapegoat', `blind',
`sabotage', `infiltrate', `subterfuge', `ignorant', `etiquette',
`rant', `reality', `exorcize', `facade', `false', `humility',
`mockery', `manipulate', `masquerade', `filth'.

@_date: 1993-12-06 01:33:16
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Hello again! 
Woops, I had sent off all my mail tonite before I read E.Hughes'
interesting messages. It was quite a surprise to see that he had sent
me anything. He's generally very quiet under the `E.Hughes' name.
Anyway, there have been a few questions by people on this list. `why
should we care about pseudospoofing?' the answer is that you should be
sure that your leaders aren't doing it. What if there were sensitive
projects that were volunteered by outsiders, and someone told them that
they were doing it all wrong? Well, if it were just some nobody, maybe
nobody would care. Frankly, I don't care as much if people `out there'
are involved in there little pseudoanonymity schemes, as long as they
stay away from me.
But if E.Hughes says, under a fake identity, `hey, you don't know what
you are doing, you are doing it all wrong' -- how does that promote
trust in your group? how will you ever get anything accomplished? you
have accomplished rather little when you look back on your months of
bickering on this list. I once tried to get the whistleblowing
newsgroup, and I think this is precisely what happened to me -- it
conflicted with what your leaders wanted to accomplish, so they flamed
me with their tentacles. But I am not prone to give in to intimidation
where I am committed, as everyone has noticed by now!
Furthermore, what if your leaders are doing this behind the scenes?
Promoting their pseudospoofing techniques among many without your
knowledge? Why would you possibly submit to that kind of an
environment? What if they have made an *art* *science* and *religion*
of deceiving each other and their followers with their tentacles? I
think this is something that no respectable person would have anything
to do with it. Either your leaders are not pseudospoofing, not
respectable, or my belief that pseudospoofing is poisonous is
incorrect. Take you pick! So far everyone believes either that
pseudospoofing is no big deal, or that I am crazy. Aren't you just a
*little* uneasy the way your leaders have responded to my charges?
Don't you care at all? Don't you want to know the truth? Don't you
recognize evasion when you see it? I am just a wimpy T.Cruise with
nothing but my mouth in front of me and my fake soldiers behind me,
saying (Few Good Men?) ``I want the TRUTH'', with your decorated leader
Jack Nicholson saying, ``YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH'' ... when are we
going to get to the ``YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT I ORDERED THE CODE RED!''
Mr. Hughes, Mr. May, Mr. Gilmore, answer me *one* question truthfully,
and I will go away.
How many different email addresses have you posted and emailed under?
(Include remailers and anon.penet.fi) What For the record, I have posted under 2 -- anon.penet.fi, and
ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu.
Again, you don't have to sacrifice the privacy of any tentacles in
revealing this information. But an answer like `1' is obviously a lie,
and anyone who attacks me for attacking a lie I have no respect for. Do
not send me mail attempting to influence me.

@_date: 1993-12-06 01:43:16
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: E.Hughes on Lies 
Hello! I don't know why E.Hughes didn't cc: the cypherpunks with the
following message. He sent it to an internet mailing list devoted to
honest collaborations and Internet project development. False. The issue is about truth and the morality of leaders.
False. In an honest society, lies exist. You are asserting that they do not.
So tell, me, which is the case? Why do you continue to evade my
questions? Either be silent or tell the truth. Cease tormenting me and
your followers with your pathetic convolutions of the English language.
I prefer that when I ask you if you have done something that directly
affects your followers and myself, you tell the truth. I can gain no
benefit from people who evade my honest questions or a movement that is
led by a corrupt leader whose first instinct is to dig in and entrench
himself rather than be honest with the people who respect him.
Solipsism. Interesting term. In my opinion `solipsism' is the
philosophy for the height of arrogance. `I am the only one who exists'.
I have asked many, and they all have erected the same impregnable steel
walls that you have. They refuse to answer my questions with specific
denials. Why do you mislead the people who have made you their leader?
In a society where there is no honor or integrity, and instead there is
only corruption and lies, you are correct. No such question is
sufficient. I have found that out. I posted my message in the desperate
hope that a cypherpunk leader could tell me *one* question he would
answer honestly. `There is no such question, as I argue above'.
Good day, sir.

@_date: 1993-12-06 21:10:26
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: W.Diffie on RSA patent 
Hello, I asked W.Diffie (cryptographer celebrity!) about the RSA patent
a long time ago, and I thought everyone here would be interested in
what he had to say on the subject. I was curious about a story I heard
about the NSA suppressing some patent at first. I went to a lecture by
an ethics professor once in Nebraska and she talked about how some
academic researcher had got an application for a patent back rejected,
with no explanation, and that after an extremely long battle, the poor
scientist discovered the NSA was to blame. The lecturer wasn't specific about the case but used it as an example
in talking about the relation of government to science and the research
establishment and the possibility of censorship. The scientist had
discovered some sensitive cryptographic secret, apparently, and the NSA
was spooked by it (hee, hee, very punny!). I asked P.Zimmermann about
this and he seemed to think the story was about the RSA patent.
I thought this was all documented in the NYT. Does anyone have the
article? Anyway, Mr.Diffie says (see below) that nothing sinister
happened at the patent office regarding the RSA patent. I would like to
hear of any other patents that were suppressed by the NSA hiding behind
the patent office. I mean, this professor was definitely not making up
a story! She gave me the NYT reference but I think I accidentally threw
out the paper I wrote it on. Does anyone have the reference? I think it
happened in '78.
Also, If W.Diffie is listening (he told me on the phone he subscribes
to the list) could you get in touch with me? I haven't been able to get
any response to my email. Also, it seems you have more than one email
address at Sun, and I'm confused about which to use (my mail to one
given to me by J.Gilmore bounced).

@_date: 1993-12-06 23:10:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Humility, Embarrassment, Shame, and an Apology 
Hello fellow Cypherpunks! I am writing this message to sincerely
apologize for my past behavior over the past few weeks on this list,
particularly over the last few days. I have written messages that I am
not proud of. And all for nothing. I am here to tell you that your
leaders have all assured me in unequivocal terms that they are not
pseudospoofing in any way whatsoever and have no personal knowledge of
any pseudospoofing on the cypherpunks list or anywhere else, so I now
feel like an embarrassed idiot for escalating this matter to this
level, when it is so obviously completely unjustified in retrospect. I
realize I am the premier digital Don Quixote, chasing phantoms and
jousting at windmills! The joke is on me!
I have learned many things over the past few weeks. I thank you for the
valuable lessons you have taught me. I was too arrogant until now to
accept your wisdom with humility. Clearly, my mistake! Don't I feel
stupid! I think both you and I have many things in common. We are
interested in the growth of cyberspace and recognize that
pseudoanonymity has awesome power, like an atom bomb. I think the
difference is that I thought you were doing all you could to detonate
them when you were really trying to  stop them. I apologize to everyone
I offended by suggesting otherwise.
I think that fucking tentacle S.Boxx has demonstrated the damage that
can be done with pseudoanonymity. He ought to be taken out and shot in
the forehead. I would enjoy watching him stare blankly with a gaping
hole in his skull and his brains and blood splattered about. In fact, I
am going to do precisely that if I ever find the bastard. (His family
deserves to die too, but we'll see what mood I'm in at the time). And
everyone knows that he is a tentacle! Image the raw power that can come
from the surreptitious use of this extraordinarly overpowering force!
It is like the ultimate technique for social engineering, guerilla
warfare, espionage, sabotage, and riot instigation. The evil, hard-core
hackers have done well to perfect it. You are lucky that your leaders
are so farsighted and astute to realize the inherently dangerous and
damaging nature of its use. You have accomplished great miracles from
your honorable cooperation! Although, we definitely have a new arms
race with the Psychopunks in the strategic position (thank god there
are none here!). I hope we can reach a detente. This is my own peace offering.
Your leaders E.Hughes and T.C.May have mailed messages to my postmaster
in complaint in my questions about there use of different sites.
P.Metzger mailed my postmaster in regard to his mailbombing me.
E.Brandt sent my postmaster and my root another letter recently asking
me to stop mailing him, which was amusing considering that he initiated
our conversation. I have been subject to a sendsys bomb yesterday, that
came in about ~.5 meg, and a new grisly mailbomb today at ~5 meg and
growing. But we can now understand that none of this is necessary. It
has reached its purpose. I have achieved a serenity and tranquility
with my newfound delight and euphoria. I got another anonymous and cryptic phone threat this afternoon, from
who knows. ``Shot by the SWAT team. No doubt about it. GET HELP.'' This
brings the total of heartfelt greetings from my dear friends to 2. And
I have no idea what D.Barnes has been able to turn up in his blackmail
campaign of assaulting my previous employer, the school administrators,
and (more recently) stealing my resume. Yes, the cypherpunks are truly
the Protectors of Privacy and the Promoters of Anonymity. They have
done all this because they are concerned about my well being, and I
have been an obnoxious jerk for weeks in misinterpreting their worried
concern over my welfare and sanity. I have made an appointment with a therapist (it was quite a new
experience for me) and I think he is going to help me through my
serious psychological disorders and paranoid delusions. I apologize to
subjecting you to my insanity. I am quite ashamed of it. Please tell
everyone you know that I am insane and should be avoided like a leper.
Some of the people I know and respect have heard you, and I thank you
for helping them to realize that I am a dangerous lunatic that should
be avoided. It's really the best thing for everyone.
To demonstrate my sincerity, I will not post at all to any list,
including the one I helped create, for a period of one week, starting
now. You will not even see any new messages in the newsgroups by
L.Detweiler unless they are new sendsys bombs or forgeries. I will not
even touch a keyboard or go near the Internet. This was at the
recommendation of your gracious leaders who are sincerely concerned for
my mental health and my obvious deterioration over the past few weeks.
Clearly, I have been ignoring all the best advice of my well-meaning
friends to pursue fantasies.
I have learned how fast one can accumulate enemies if one attacks
anything that others hold dear. I committed my energies to this list
for 10 months but they mean nothing because of my reprehensible
intoleration for lies, especially those sent to me. I have been deluded
in thinking that I can stop lies or even that they are immoral or
unethical, particularly in relation to pseudospoofing. Lies are
Liberating! Even if your leaders were pseudospoofing (which they have
assured me in certain terms they are not) they would certainly have the
right to lie to others, including their friends and followers, through
their tentacles. This is not an inherently deceptive use of
pseudonymity. It is similar to using different names for harmless
magazine subscriptions.
I sincerely apologize for attacking anyone over this issue. I was wrong
to call E.Hughes or N.Szabo a `bald faced liar.' You have a right to
exist in cyberspace, and use the Internet to whatever use you can
imagine. And if others that are living around you in the neighborhood
ask you what you are doing, and if everything is all right, and wonder
about the strange noises and smells, like I did, you should tell the
nosy bastards to go to hell. They deserve it. I deserved it all. That
is your constitutional right to privacy, and it should extend to
Cyberspace just as it does in the real world. Live and let live!
I was once concerned about the possible deceptions of the Media by your
cause. I now realize that the Media is inherently corrupt and should be
manipulated to the Cypherpunk agenda in any way possible. In
particular, we should promote ourselves as the respectable citizens we
are. The public gets frightened by an image of Anarchy and Radical
Libertarianism. If we promote it as Cryptoanarchy and Cypherpunks, we
can get much farther. Both Markoff and Kelly, and his fantastic
photographer L.Dyer, have been extremely understanding and
accommodating in helping us promote our agenda among the widespread
population. In fact, the NYT article was an exceptional breakthrough of
emphasizing our goals of privacy and cryptography for the masses. I
really liked that quote by W.Diffie, one of the world's foremost cryptographers.
In my new realizations I am particularly inspired by your underlying
agenda of tax evasion, black marketeering, and the overthrow of
governments. DEATH TO ORDER!  Hedonistic delights like gambling dens
and prostitution rings would be a Love Boat for everyone, but they
aren't enough. I have had some neat fantasies lately about starting new
drug nextworks and assassination enterprises. What delights await us!
The possibilities of untraceable cash and anonymity are truly
liberating -- we can build up internation criminal organizations and
launder our money freely, and avoid all detection! The vanquished world
will lick our boots! I hope that you will let me in on your finetuned
Cryptoanarchist secrets that would make Goldfinger and Hitler proud. If
you don't, that's okay too. I'm really unstable and there's even a
rumor that I'm actually an FBI agent, so that it would be better if you
didn't tell me anything that would be upsetting to someone who
practices law enforcement.
I want to encourage everyone here to explain the history of how I
reached my newfound epiphanies out in the newsgroups if possible,
particularly on the `CRYPTOANARCHIST INFILTRATION ALERT'. (I won't be
able to forward this because of my promise, maybe you could help me
out.) Together we can attack the blasphemous heretic infidel S.Boxx so
that he is completely inundated in the noise and help the world to
realize the grandeur of Cryptoanarchy. I will be the new Poster Boy for
the CryptoAnarchist movement. I shall promote it to my death with all my heart.
I am sorry to have upset anyone who has ever watched this mailing list.
I was continually prodding you to discover the truth, but there was
nothing to discover! I  kept telling you to send mail to your leaders
yourself, to put pressure on them to reveal their knowledge, to
investigate the claims of reality of identity that were extremely
suspicious, and follow up past inert, passive, lifeless viewing of the
text that scrolls by your faces and hypnotizes you daily, more
mesmerizing and psychologically dangerous and deadly than television!
But we all know that this was a delusion now, a faded dream. The list
is our outlet to reach out to other real people, to make friends, to
achieve grand goals. As the leaders reassure us, upon their honor as
patriot Cryptoanarchists and honest human beings, there are no fake
identities anywhere in all of cyberspace, and on the Cypherpunks list
in particular! All my past claims are nothing but bizarre, wretched,
pathetic, deluded fantasies and hallucinations. In psychology, it is
called `projection'.
Everyone should understand now that I am completely in favor of the
entire cypherpunk agenda, and everything that E.Hughes or T.C.May or J.
Gilmore says or does. They have been like three loving uncles to me,
helping me to see the errors in my ways and correct my breaches in
ettiquete. E.Hughes, in particular, has been the most sweetly
endearing. He is so humble and gentle! His words flow like a gentle
breeze or a murmuring stream. How could could I accuse anyone so
honorable of lying in a serious academic journal like RISKS?! T.C.May
has always answered my letters with a kind response, and J.Gilmore
talked to me personally on the phone to comfort me over my anxieties.
We are really just one big family with nothing but love for everyone!
I now see that Cypherpunks is a fine organization and leaders on par
with CPSR and EFF.  I unjustly accused many human beings of not
existing, like J.Dinkelacker, N.Szabo, G.Broiles, H.Finney, A.Chandler,
and M.Landry. Every one of them has talked to me on the phone and told
me about their wonderful lives to assure me they are real. I am really
ashamed that I have ever attacked anyone associated with the cypherpunk
cause. It was an atrocious violation of everyone's privacy. Please just
chalk it up to my delusions of persecution. How could I have ever
thought anyone here was out to get me? Ha, ha.  Ho Ho. Heh Heh. Hee.
Hee. BWAHAHAHAHA The prozac really IS starting to help! (I was quite a
fool to be afraid of drugs before! they have been critical in relieving
me of my mania, depression, psychoses, and hallucinations, particularly
the LSD, but evil dancing red neoplasm orgasms are oxymoronic monsters,
she corrupt hair in the treason cold washing butterfly, falls truth
salad words filth below and lie trees air, but only poison on Mondays!)
Before I go I would like to share some of the beatiful uplifting prose
of the dear friends who helped me vanquish my insanity. At first I
thought the following was some of the most evil brainwashing and
vicious psychological torture that could be inflicted on a human being.
I realize the grotesque errors in my ways. These are now some of my
favorite quotes. I am going to read them nightly, as I pray to God to
bring us all CryptoAnarchy for Christmas. I *beg* your forgiveness for
my own depravities, perversions, and crimes. Above all, please do not
construe my heartfelt sincerity as searingly sarcasting satire. I swear
on my honor as a Cypherpunk and to our Mother Medusa that my words are
genuine. As long as I am among honorable, reputable, respectable
people, I would never lie.
p.s. Some of this below was private email, but everyone involved has
assured me they would be delighted if I quote it.
H. Finney:
steve klingsporn Steve Wiggam:
Mike McNally:
Jeremy W. Porter

@_date: 1993-12-20 22:44:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A New Enemy 
Hello, I just thought I would show one of my most hostile hate mail
messages I have seen so far, from someone I didn't even know was my
enemy. This was really painful.  This was posted to the public
cypherpunks list in Colorado moderated and founded by N.Sammons. I have
met members at the first meeting and the more recent PRZ lecture. I have found I don't even have any friends in the Colorado group
either, despite my belief up to this point to the contrary. I was
thrown off the list without my knowledge, supposedly because someone
asked. I swear, I had not written a single annoying thing on that list
in my LIFE and hadn't posted for MONTHS and I was censored.  This is
really getting ugly, getting out of control. Whatever happened to, `its
just ASCII text'?
Look everyone, I apologized to every cypherpunk in the world in my
posting, Embarrassment, Humiliation, Shame, and an Apology, for my past
actions on this list. Please reread this to see that I was sincere.
These further efforts just amount to beating a man when he is down.
This stuff is getting extremely vicious. I took a vacation and have
really mellowed out, I assure you. Have you seen any disruptive
postings by me here at all? I have stopped! I'm just out in the
newsgroups, nothing else. Not even touching your list. Do you begrudge
me even that? Please do not send me such painfully excruciating searing
spiteful mail. I really do have feelings. I am just another human being.
By the way, I will let you in on a secret. I admit that I was really
out of control a few weeks ago.  But you know what? Here is my dirty
little secret. The only reason that I was able to harass you guys so
much was that you reacted to it. If you trully followed your own
philosophies, such as taking all text impartially (`there is only a
message') I would have gone away a long time ago. The amazing secret: if something *really* offends you, the most
devastating response is to IGNORE IT. That bastard S.Boxx seems to
understand this. He is *driven* by responses to flamebait, clearly.
Ignore him and he will go away. I ask that everyone distinguish between
me and S.Boxx. He is the one causing all the trouble now, and I have
nothing to do with it. Forward him all your vicious hate mail comparing
him to Stalin. If you continue to attack me for something from every
lame anonymous address in the world, perhaps you will successfully
drive me to the madness you claim I am in!
As far as this person's threats, I would advise the author that the
postmaster bit hasn't worked so far. Please do not bother my
postmaster. There is no need. I HAVE STOPPED, DAMNIT! The author does
say he has extensive L.D. archives. Mine are in disarray. If anyone
wants any of my past rants to try to blacken me further, contact him
for the exact one.  p.s. edited to preserve anonymity.
Dear Detweiler,
Now you have seriously pissed ME off. Not being content with disrupting the content of the CA cypherpunks list, you are now attacking Mr. S. And wasting my time on this list.
Detweiler, If I DIDN'T ask N. to take you off the list, then I was seriously remiss. I hereby pubicly ask Nate to remove you and all your
tentacles from the list. Further, I want a anti Detweiler filter on postings.
You won't WHAT ? Listen, asshole this little repartee is gonna get *REAL* nasty if you don't shut the fuck up and crawl back into your diseased little hole.
Just for the record, Just WHO do you think you are anyway ?
Jesus ? Stalin ? Some poor villified martyr who is being tortured for
his attempts at telling the truth ?
Oh, You think you are Hitler. Naw, Hitler was dangerous, you are simply annoying.
THANK YOU FOR THE NAME THAT I NEED TO CALL TO GET YOUR INTERNET ACCOUNT YANKED !
Sure you do. I'll just bet you did. Gee i really feel a keen loss.
OK, here you go.
OK, you are a worthless human scum. Once i thought that you were at least human and worth hearing out. Now I know better. Go away. Far far away.
Before you cry censorship, folks, try on this scenario.
Two or more adults are carrying on a conversation on a topic of their choosing. A small child starts interrupting the adults conversation. continually, incessantly. The adults ignore it. The child increases it's efforts, and throws a tantrum. The adults ignore it. Finally the child craps on one of the adults shoes. The adult picks the kid up, spanks it, and sends it off to bed.
It ain't censorship, people. This loon hasn't made a significant contribution to the cypherpunks since the FAQ way back when.
You seem to like ultimatums, Detweiler, try this one on for size.
Either you stop posting on this list immediately, AND the CA cypherpunks list Immediately, or I call Mr Dempsey. And email him a list (about 300K) of ALL your postings. I have been saving them. And go ahead and show anyone you want the private email I sent to you. MAKE sure the signature matches the text, folks.
Detweiler, go ahead and call me a tentacle. say anything your slimy and demented litle heart desires.
But do not even think about threatening me. I PUSH BACK.
Feel Lucky, Detweiler ?

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:41:09
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A Message from Medusa 
I am cleaning out my archives of past mail to respond to. Some people
still persist in believing that absolutely no pseudospoofing is
occuring on behalf of the Cypherpunks. I have over a thousand messages that suggest quite to the contrary. Below is one of my
favorites. E.Brandt, a longtime cypherpunk list subscriber, explains
to me that he is Medusa. If anyone wishes to debate my claims on the
existence of pseudospoofing, please do your homework and email Mr.
Brandt to determine the meaning of his message below. I will be most
amused if you get no response, one that complains that he was being
facetious, or one that complains his privacy has been violated. I
would be further amused at anyone's attempts to determine any aspect
of Mr. Brandt's life that suggests he is a real human being.
In the letter, We have the familiar techniques of the ad hominem
attack on S.Boxx (Mr. Brandt is definitely dragging down his
preeminent reputation by claiming that he is in some way affiliated
with me ). This is the mandatory `pseudonymity is OK as long as it
glorifies us' hypocrisy of the cypherpunks. The letter also has a
manifestation of Medusa's uncommonly noxious arrogance. She cannot
help but to brag, ``I AM MEDUSA, CONTROLLER OF ALL TENTACLES!''
But the unusual aspect of this message was that exhibited a strong
degree of desperation on the part of Medusa. She actually offered to
apologize if I could reveal how I identify tentacles! Again, we have
the Hughes-May-Gilmore idea that `if there is no evidence, there is
no crime.'  Unfortunately for Medusa, obviously I cannot reveal this
sensitive information. Medusa went away quite upset despite
initiating this conversation,  asking me and my postmaster not to
send any more mail. Mr. Brandt, if you don't want me to send *you*
mail, don't send *me* any.
The source of the desperation was probably due to the increasing attention and exposure to cypherpunks `out there' on other mailing
lists and in the newsgroups, which is obviously getting more
difficult to maintain with all the tentacle damage control. They
think that the cascades beneath every new message saying
``L.Detweiler is insane'' effectively nullify the damaging truth and
publicity of the messages. The cypherpunks don't understand that
sometimes when people are most influenced, they are  at first silent.
Damage control by `lackeys' is not effective when the leaders themselves are challenged.
Cypherpunks and your leaders, if you wish to convince me or anyone
else that you are not pseudospoofing, you should definitely avoid sending anyone a letter like this.

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:46:10
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cyberparanoia 
I thought I would share with you a message that shows the consequences
of pseudospoofing. The problem is that if *anyone* accuses *anyone*
of doing it, suddenly *all* email addresses are thrown into doubt. I think the Internet has long operated on the assumption that everyone
is honest, but that this assumption is breaking down in the face of
genuinely malicious individuals with a great deal of commitment to
This message appeared on a highly trusted list moderated by D.Farber,
the `interesting people' list. He compiles material from a wide
variety of sources and acts as a sort of cyberspatial newspaper
outlet. Unfortunately, we are all fallible, as he demonstrated
recently in passing through on the list a classic urban myth about
LSD tattoos absorbed through the skin. This myth has been debunked in
many places-- as I understand it, no case of a `LSD tattoo' has ever
been found, because it is physically impossible to absorb the drug in
this manner.
The person below was being facetious, but the paranoia over email
addresses and `cyberanarchists' shows through. I cannot escape
commenting on the symbolism of this message: the swing of the
pendulum has been arrested, and from henceforth on, the use of the
Internet for deception will be of the utmost concern of many
designers and will strongly influence many new technological
advancements in Cyberspace.
[LSD tattoos]
This is a marvelous, if scary, example of a serious issue of information
dissemination via the net. It's instantaneous, authoriative looking
(because it is in print, on a *computer*, yours!), yet appears to be a
personal letter often from someone who you think you know, and you have'nt
a clue of whether the content or the sender is for real.
And you still don't know if THIS message is a hoax, urban myth, or what.
Maybe it WAS a myth, but is no longer. Suppose farber's list was
penetrated, or Dave flipped his lid, or bjones at weber.ucsd.edu is some
maniac or a fictitious name, or rjs at farnsworth.mit.edu is a cyber-anarchist
or has been seized by one -- you simply do not know. But if you have kids,
you have a teensy-weensy suspicion that this might be true and you are
going to ask the first biochemist you know, aren't you -- with a smile on
your face, or on your email, just in case you look foolish. Right?

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:46:23
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: ANONYMOUS DEATH THREATS FORCE COLORADO MALLS TO YANK SANTA 
from the Rocky Mountain News, Denver, CO, Wed Dec 22 1993  p.4A (front
page headline)
``Letters warning `Chuck E. Cheese was nothing compared to this' spur
cancellation of St. Nick''
This is example of the power that can be wrought through more words,
even anonymously. Apparently from no other  cause than a series of
anonymous letters sent to many Colorado malls, many cancelled their
appearances of  Santa Claus. In one mall, a Santa was surrounded by undercover police agents and others wore bulletproof vests. I have
been to most of these malls and they are the largest and most
prominent in the entire state.
Anonymous mail carries far more weight today than graffiti sprayed on
a wall! It is an extremely  potent weapon, in the wrong hands! If
this were a prank or hoax (various signs suggest this) it was an
extremely effective and devastating one. And the ultimate goal of
having it all `replayed' back in the media for perverse glee was
achieved spectacularly. It was the front page headline on the
Colorado newspapers.
Merry Christmas, everyone...
Colorado -- Death threats against Santa Claus have prompted
at least several major malls to cancel their Santas,
disappointing hundreds of children.
Anonymous letters began arriving at malls Dec. 14. The writer
threatened to shoot Santa between the eyes and ``kill more
than an [sic] hundred people.''
Santas at Westminster and Northglenn malls were wearing
bulletproof vests Tuesday, and armed guards were posted
within 10 feet of some Santas.
``Isn't it a shame?'' Westminster Police Chief Dan Montgomery
said. ``Even Santa Claus is a target.''
Monday, malls began receiving follow-up threats from the
writer. Letters declared, ``Time is running out'' and ``Chuck
E. Cheese was nothing compared to this.''
The writer claimed to be a Vietnam veteran angry that Santa
has replaced much of the religious meaning of Christmas. The
typed, identical letters were signed ``Terminator XX.''
``I am filled with much hatred,'' they said. ``You don't know
the horrible things I'm capable of.''
Police said they are taking the threats seriously. The FBI is
``What are the chances of it happening?'' Montgomery said.
``Extremely remote. But you have to act as if it's going to
The follow-up threats prompted cancellation of Santa at
Southwest Plaza, Cinderella City and the NOrthglenn,
Westminster, Cherry Creek, Aurora, and Southglenn malls.
Officials at other malls are considering the same action.
``We felt it was in the best interests of the public,'' said
Carol Hinson of Aurora Mall.
Some children cried Tuesday when they showed up at Southwest
Plaza and Santa wasn't there.
``This has been a nightmare,'' said manager Eileen Stembler.
``The anger it has caused is phenomenal, that someone would
believe they have the right to take the fantasy out of
Mall workers posted signs designed to soften the blow. At
Southglenn, a sign read:
``Due to the tremendous amount of gifts Santa must deliver
... Santa and his helpers have gone back to the North Pole to
prepare. Please leave your Christmas wish list at the
Customer Service Center and we will be sure Santa gets it.''
Most of the malls set up tables with pencil and paper so
children could write their Christmas wish lists. Parents who
asked about missing Santas were not informed of the threats.
Some were told that Santa was sick.
The threatening letters were sent to at least five malls,
Westminster, Aurora, Cherry Creek, Northglenn and Southwest
Plaza. They included the line: ``What a sexist thing to
think Santa is a fat man who gives presents to people.''
The letters prompted dozens of metro-area Santas to quit,
forcing malls to scramble for replacements.
Susen Mesco, head of American Events and Promotions, said the
threats prompted 25 of her company's 50 Santas to quit. They
earn $6 to $40 an hour.
``Some of their wives didn't want them to work,''' Mesco
said. ``It's not worth a part-time job. It just isn't.''
Those who stayed half-seriously asked for raises, Mesco said.
``I'm just trying to keep a positive attitude about this,''
said Tony Ratcliff, a 38-year-old Santa who stayed on the
job.  ``The authorities [have] already taken all the
Before Santa was canceled at Southwest Plaza Tuesday, parents
and children waited 45 minutes as he was moved to a
sequestered room on the second floor. When Santa arrived, he
was surrounded by five security guards.
``This set-up, it ruins Christmas,'' said teen-age shopper
Brian Garramone.
At Northglenn Mall last Tuesday night, Santa was surrounded
by undercover security guards and was not allowed to leave
Santa Land. Mall officials said he will not be there today.
Last week, a radio communications system was installed in
Santa Land so Santa and his elves could call for help, said
the mall's attorney April Bennet Stone.
Throughout the Denver area, people were wondering what kind
of person would do this.
``This, unfortunately,'' Mesco said, ``is somebody who
didn't get enough hugs as a child.''

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:46:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Perils of Leadership 
I thought I would share with everyone the consequences of a failure in
leadership, as expressed by different followers. In a situation where
there is no trust, honor, or integrity in a group, a sort of paranoia
and disattachment ensues. The leaders claim they are not really
leading their followers,  and the followers claim they are not really
following the leaders. Here is a batch of messages I got from the
`followers' in response to one of my messages to the cypherpunks
group. I think it demonstrates rather well the degeneration that can
ensue in a group where  morality takes a back seat to
self-gratification and glory.
It is interesting how most people below avoid the question of
associating with people that might be involved in immoral activities.
By default, i.e. in the lack of protest, the former continues to
support  the latter. That reminds me of a parable by S.Boxx, `The Zen
of Cyberspace',  about a corrupt king who was carried around in a
massive platform  on the backs of his followers, who admitted the
king was corrupt but continued because, in each of their own ways,
they shared one of his vices.
Amazingly, all these people claim that cypherpunk leaders are not
sending them mail from fake identities, apparently without the
slightest evidence or assurance from the leaders, and in fact a lot
of circumstantial evidence to the contrary. Also, I also find it
amusing that many, right after justifying various forms of lies, in
the next breath claim to be `honest cypherpunks' .
Cypherwonks, I hope to serve you in a way that will avoid the
disintegration seen below. Cypherpunks, I hope that you can get your
act together. Or maybe what I mean is that I hope your `act'
continues to fall apart.
In the following messages, the following people claim that there is no conspirational activity (e.g. pseudospoofing, etc.) going on by
Cypherpunks, particularly by the leaders. They don't answer my
questions on specifics -- how do they know? but perhaps others can
obtain some kind of substantive, verifiable evidence either way from
Jim Demmers "mycal" Follower This was the first cypherwonks message I received and...
I think that this generalization is a bit strong, and as an honest
cypherpunk, I take some exception to it. There are many people who either read cypherpunks (or versions of it)
who are honest, and simply interested in cryptography and (potentially)
the side effects of it.  Please try not to  be so harsh to criticize
such a loosely organized group as cypherpunks; many of us have no contact or even iterest in the leadership of the organization, and are
just there for the crypto.
Follower  (Ray Berry)
    I have never considered those who dominate the cypherpunk mailing
list my "leaders".  Have you?
    Personally, I don't see any of them as vermin per se.  My impres-
sion of Gilmore is generally that of a moderate.  Hughes and May I
feel less empathy with- probably because of their seeming preoccupation with anarchic fantasies, etc.   In order for them to earn 'vermin'
status, they would have to conciously conspire to manipulate me
on a personal level.  As it is I simply see them as misguided souls.
    Perhaps more salient is the point that, for me, I would prefer to
simply judge the content on its own merits.  After all, I don't know
who these people really are, or of what cloth they are cut, save for
their statements.   If I cannot know who they are, how can I get very
invested in their particular identity, true or otherwise?
Follower  (Mike McNally)
 > False. The issue is about truth and the morality of leaders.
Will you get the idea out of your little head that Hughes is my
"leader"?  You're the only one with any such delusion.
 > >This is exactly like the question "Are you a liar?", to which the
 > >answer is always "no".
 >  > False. In an honest society, lies exist. You are asserting that they do not.
No, idiot, the answer is always "no" because a liar would lie.  Duhh.
Follower What is it with you and this "leaders' bullshit.  I don't recognize any leaders per se on this list - just a bunch of subscribers - some with more
knowledge and more to say than others.  This is not the giant, conspiratorial
'movement' that you so love to bang your head against. A knight in shining armor you're not.
Follower If thats the way you feel, why don't you get pissed off at all the
officials in our government.  They lie to respected writers all the time.
Worse they lie to the public that has entrusted them.
Writers don't get "fired" for being lied to, if the writer interviews
an "expert" in a field and prints it, he has that interview to back him
up.  A writer may get "fired" for pissing off the government -or-
a media owner.  If you truely wan't to fight the tenticals of deception
you should go after the mass media, just about all media outlets are
tenticals of some big corporation.
Even if what you were saying was true about Tim and Co (which is not),
in todays world they would still be looked at as heros by the masses, even
if the government and its sheeple looked at them as criminals.
I consider myself honest [...]

@_date: 1993-12-23 22:50:39
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Happy Holidays 
Cypherpunks & cypherwonks, we have all witnessed first hand a great
tension in our groups from the beginning, and I am sincerely upset by
this wretched animosity. Someone is bouncing my postings to
cypherpunks to the cypherwonks list anonymously, and it appears that
other cypherpunks have surreptitiously infiltrated the cypherwonk
list to promote pseudospoofing. Cypherpunks, I think we can get along
if we both continue to observe courtesy and honor, as your leader
E.Hughes requested some time ago in a message to both groups. This is
my own attempt to resolve some of the friction, and I hope you will
receive it in the best of spirits. I believe this will better aid
everyone on both lists in choosing which to contribute to, and to
avoid being publicly stigmatized or widely ignored for violations in
the charters.
Let me remind everyone on both lists the general purpose of both:
The cypherpunks are interested in identity camouflage techniques in
the name of `privacy', such as pseudospoofing.  Members are highly
suspicious of any government structure or any identification scheme
whatsoever, to say the least, and are in general interested in
evading and subverting these mechanisms. They are seeking to develop
or press completely untraceable transactions into all realms of human
endeavor,  *particularly* economic ones. Traditionally this has been
called `black marketeering' and `tax evasion' but the Cypherpunks
object to these terms. Toward this goal, Cypherpunks are promoting Chaumian systems, in
mostly very secretive development projects.  In fact, Mr.Hughes
recently met with Chaum in Dallas, I understand, so that both may
further progress in this area, including setting up a credit union
(credit unions are exempt from many banking restrictions the
cypherpunks consider oppressive and invasive of privacy).  Finally,
the cypherpunks are also interested in infiltrating the media with
accounts of their movement, as long as they are wholly complimentary
and do not reveal the underlying libertarian extremist philosophy.
The catchwords are `privacy for the masses' and `the cryptographic
Cypherwonks find identity camouflage techniques such as
pseudoanonymity extremely dangerous, although we believe there is a
place for straight anonymity in certain forums, where lack of
identitification is not sensitive (such as outside of serious project
development and our own list). We are interested in developing new
structures that allow us to distinguish between fake and real
identities and screen out the the former, using such things such as
voluntary identity registration servers. We believe that all human
interaction is based to some degree on trust, and this frequently
involves the necessity of traceable  transactions in most realms,
*particularly* economic ones. We think that `black marketeering' and
`tax evasion' are quite toxic for social harmony, and are quite
aghast to see these dangerous philosophies promoted in Cyberspace to
advocate `cryptoanarchy', or, simply,  lawlessness. Toward our goals, we have started our new list and are building up new
infrastructures for `Electronic Democracy' and other systems to  help
ensure that trust is not betrayed in Cyberspace. We see Cyberspace as
an untamed wilderness that must be ridden of its more anarchic and
pathogenic features before anyone can begin living here. We are open
to everyone who is interested, no projects are kept secret from
anyone, and to the contrary we abhor any sort of conspirational
secrecy on the Internet, which we think is highly destructive to its
essential nature. We are working toward systems such as `Internet
mercantile protocols' that may not necessarily ensure total anonymity
in all transactions (it is not our major design criteria, contrary to
the cypherpunks). Finally, we are horrified to hear of a lie of any
sort, whether it be from a fake identity, from a leader, or in the
media, and we will even attempt to expose lies where we stumble on
them, sometimes tenaciously if necessary. Media exposure and credit
are not our main goals, but as this will inevitably appear, we will
make our intentions clear. We are more conservative than  radicals;
we are not ourselves extremists, but moderates. The slogan is,
`Civilizing Cyberspace'.
I hope that Mr. Hughes or other cypherpunks do not object to the
summarization above of the purpose of his mailing list. He and Mr.
May have been sensitive in the past on topics that appear there and I
assume they will correct it if it has erroneously characterized the
official cypherpunk group agenda. Another statement on `privacy' can
be found in soda.berkeley.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/rants. The summary
above is based on my own extensive experience on the list and intense
research involving ~5000 messages I have traded with perhaps hundreds
of different cypherpunks and the leaders over approximately a year
now (I will present more documentation on the Cypherpunk agenda and
culture in the future). Those who question this characterization of
the directions of the Cypherpunks should read the message appended to
the end of this letter below.
* * *
I list the cypherpunks and cypherwonk group charters so that everyone
in both groups can clearly understand the purpose of both, and
perhaps in the future we can avoid conflicts due to a lack of
understandings in the charters. If these arise, I have the following
recommendations to all members of both groups.
If you see something you might consider `flamebait', or deliberately
provocative text that violates the charter, the most devastating
response is to completely *ignore* it both publicly and privately.
Imagine that the poster is advocating something completely depraved like child molesting. You do not want to have any such association
with such a person, and perhaps the only response, if any, is a few
lines `your posts are not welcome here' or `please seek counseling'
sent in private email.
If you can be provoked into childish retributions in response to
childish provocations, it only unequivocally demonstrates your own
childishness. The agent provacateur measures success by his
perception of the depth of the damage he causes. Bouncing posts
(either to individuals or mailing lists), mailbombs, and screeching
obscenities in email are unjustified in any case. Your task is to
embody the courtesy and politeness that your attacker lacks to
effectively neutralize the attack. A vicious counterattack only leads
to further escalation, perhaps to very unpleasant circumstances to
all parties involved. This, to me, is the true spirit of humanity.
Shouts are not neutralized with other shouts but compassion or
I sincerely hope that members of both groups can help develop systems
that minimize the disruptions of the disreputable postings we both
have been tormented by, e.g. those that are anonymous, pseudonymous,
or pseudoanonymous. I think that we will all be far more productive
and far less paranoid when we work in a cyberspatial atmosphere that
by enforcing rules of courtesy, trust, and honor, basks in all.
* * *
Now, I have a few thoughts about `animosity' and `enmity' that I would
like to share with both groups in the holiday spirit. I think we all
recognize that the most noble human virtues are likewise the most difficult to consistently practice, particularly in situations that
would seem to  have plummeted into mudslinging in the gutter. But I
would advise everyone that enmity and hatred, like love, are in the
eyes of the beholder. Or, perhaps, rather, they are in the stomach,
and they will eat away like an ulcer until you realize that hatred is
never an appropriate human emotion, and enmity is inherently abnormal
and unnatural. If you have any enemies, something is remiss in the
world such that this venemous hatred developed. When we love or hate
others, we are reacting to the essential characteristics of our own
nature that are assuaged or attacked in others' presence.
Furthermore, everyone should recognize the sort of `cosmic link' that
you share with your enemies and loved ones. You are fated to be drawn
to them over you lifetime because of the resonance between you. It is
a natural law as inescapable as magnetism. I am reminded of the
utterly despondent situations of war and violence in the world, of
bitter racism and vicious nationalism that chain the peoples of the
world to their personal hells. These are all cycles that replay over
lifetimes unless broken by developing a strong aversion to strong
hatreds of any kind.
I remember when I was young, maybe somewhere around eight years old, I
had misbehaved for some unremembered reason and my parents made me go
to my room for several hours. I felt absolutely  betrayed, disgusted,
and viciously revengeful. I can remember thinking that I would never
forget the appalling affront to my independence as long as I lived,
and hoping something evil would happen to my parents -- literally,
that they would die. I don't know where this poisonous anger came
from. I was quite an angry kid in my younger years, and I remember
episodes of my past with great shame and embarrassment now, and this
one stands out strongly among all. I have heard of similar anecdotes
from others, perhaps it is part of the underside of many people's childhoods. I hope that the consequences of my hatred have been
erased just as my memory of the episode has faded despite my vow. But
I shall never forget what black evil my mind had been polluted with
for some hours. If the memory fades but the frustration persists, it
is poisonous hate.
I tell this story not so that you can quote me and ridicule me and
throw this back in my face to prove that I am a dangerously, mentally
unbalanced individual. I am telling you this to say that I am ashamed
of vicious hatred in any form, and that my own animosities rarely
last longer than a single letter. If they continue and persist, it is
because something in the world is seriously awry, that the source of
my frustration persists. When our attempts to resolve that which
troubles us meet impregnable brick walls, one's frustration mounts. If
anyone has been erecting these barbed wire fences in anyone's path, I
ask you to stop the bleeding and take them down.
In some ways, I have learned more over the last few months about
fellow human beings than I have learned in my whole lifetime. It
makes me nauseous to realize that I have ever made an enemy. But on
the other hand, I have recognized in my short existence as a human
being that many of the other passengers on Earth actually hate people
for their better accomplishments, and use the slightest excuse to
erect a barbed wire fence of enmity. They hate anyone who takes a
strong stand on any issue, particularly if it involves their own most
sacred vices. They will subject that person to the most scathing,
vicious ad hominem attacks conceivable to he and his circle of
friends and associates, even while they know that person is doing
nothing but holding a mirror to their own deceptions and hypocrisies.
But we cannot escape our own vices in the presence of others. Only sociopaths do not ever constructively criticize or listen to each
other. And every extent and manifestation of social stigma is due a
true sociopath by a society with any integrity.
One of the consequences of hatred is `demonizing' someone, which Mr.
T.C.May has advised against on numerous occasions, and his words drip
with profundity.  To all those who demonize anyone (including
myself), I ask-- is it frustration or enmity? The difference is that
if what you are railing against was resolved, and a window or doorway
suddenly  appeared in the brick wall, you would be elated and
delighted if you were satirizing or constructively criticizing
someone, and you would immediately forgive them. But if what you have
is poisonous enmity, you would like to see this person die a cruel
death no matter what switch in fortune or rays of light the future
brings.  ``They cannot ever be forgiven.''  This is hatred. And it
burns like some insidious virus invading the flesh; it is fed by the
creep of corruption and destruction. It replicates, it propagates, it
reaches critical mass, it inevitably explodes like a nuclear bomb.
Think about that a moment. Do you really want to see your enemies die?
Imagine that some catastrophic misfortune visited your most hated
enemy, that he *did* die a cruel death. Would you be intensely sorry
or elated? Imagine that your enemies die the death of Marie
Antoinette, Joan of Arc or Jesus Christ. Their grisly fates were the
logical conclusion of the guillotine, fires, and spikes of your
hatred. When your enemy *does* die a grisly death, beware of public
backlash against the beheadings, stake-burnings, or crucifixions you
watched, sanctioned, or championed. Be careful that your Movement or Revolution is inherently moral,
controlled, and restrained, that thieves, criminals, psychopaths, and
traitors are not hiding within it, that you are not warping the
ideals you claim to embrace, that your excesses are not sowing the
seeds of your own destruction, and that your own head is secure from
the bloody blade. He who lives by the Guillotine will die by it.
Sometimes, in retrospect, silence is seen as complicity. Sometimes,
the riotous mob turns to feed on itself. Sometimes, when the prey
dies, the predators become the hunted.
* * *
In the true spirit of Christmas, I would like to `unilaterally'
forgive anyone and everyone who has attacked me in the past months.
I feel no bitterness over your 4 or 5 letters to my postmaster, your
massive sendsys and mail bombs, your harassment of those in the
cypherwonks group, your lies, your treacheries, your betrayals, your treasons against friends, followers, and bystanders, and enemies
But forgiveness is futile unless the feelings of remorse are mutual
and not unilateral.  I ask others to forgive me for whatever ways I
have truly wronged you, and you to cease and apologize for whatever ways you
have wronged me (I have apologized to all cypherpunks in my posting,
Embarassment, Humiliation, Shame, and an Apology).  I ask you to
distinguish between a vicious, spiteful attack and a message that
actually hides the concern, `I am doing absolutely everything
conceivable to prevent you from walking off a cliff, and if that
makes me your enemy for doing so, so be it, because, as painful as my
words and actions are for both of us, to me your life is more
valuable than our friendship. To me your life *is* our friendship.'
I ask all the Cypherpunks and Cypherwonks to find virtue in this tumultuous world we call home, to find some kind of moderation,
sensibility, and virtue where it is desperately needed. I pray that
we will all help bring not the world's darkness, but its light, to
Following is a letter from an eminent, avuncular cypherpunk,  which
helped me to release some of my own pent up frustration that has been
bubbling and churning for many weeks now. This was written in
response to my posting to the Cypherpunks, `Humility, Embarrassment,
Shame, and an Apology.' Merry Christmas
Happy Holidays
Peace on Earth
Good Will Toward Men
It _is_ difficult.
What it does sounds like ... is the result of brainwashing.  I have no
interest at all in a thoughtless follower, and whatever faults your
postings exhibited, lack of reconceptualization was not among them. Mind you, I thought most of those rethinkings were incorrect, yet I
never faulted you for being uncreative.
Democracy is the best way yet discovered for controlling centralized
power, yet it is my opinion that the way to proceed is to eliminate
the central powers and replace them with distributed powers.
Therefore I disagree that the best goal is the extension of democracy
into every realm.  In deciding what mix of products an economy makes,
for example, only dollar-votes make sense; to democratize production
by one-person/one-vote would lead to a command economy similar to the
ex-Soviet Union.
I consider there to be an underexplored realm of distinctions between
what systems are only amenable to centralized power (in which we
choose democracy) and what systems may support distributed power (in
which we may choose markets or other systems).  You are interested in
democracy; perhaps you could think about what systems still require
centralization, and why.
If one can avoid the thought of violence in the pit of one's despair,
then one is well on the way to a peacable nature.
Whatever the faults the postings of S. Boxx may have had, the physical
body behind the pseudonym is in no way deserving of violence.

@_date: 1993-12-29 20:33:03
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Credit Union 
Hello cy{ph,b}er{wo,pu}nks. I wanted to follow up on a posting by
B.Stewart who said that the cypherpunks are putting together a
cash credit union over the Internet. I have a few questions about
1. Do you have to join the CA cypherpunks to learn about this?
Obviously you guys have been working on this a long time, and as
long as I was on the list I barely saw any peep about it.
2. Is this a private development group? Is it open to anyone who
wishes to join? If so, are cy{b,ph}erwonks allowed to join in the
development? We are interested in these kinds of projects.
3. Do you have a mailing list dedicated to this project alone or
other internet development projects? We know about the
cypherpunks list but there are rumors that there are some other
development lists `behind the scenes' -- are these open to the
4. If any of your projects are indeed secret, why are many
cypherpunks actively engaged in a campaign on the imp-interest
list (Internet Mercantile Protocols)? Why don't you just stick to
your own project and let the Internet sort out which protocol is
more acceptable to the world-at-large?
5. What about the rumors that seem to be confirmed by what
B.Stewart said about evading tax laws and black marketeering,
that the cypherpunk credit union is actually a surreptitious
front for plans to provide money laundering over the Internet?
6. Again, if this is a public project, why is there so little
documentation available? There doesn't seem to be any on
soda.berkeley.edu, and many of my requests elsewhere have been
7. What is the David Chaum connection to all this? I know that he
met with E.Hughes to discuss plans but are the Cypherpunks to be
understood as the U.S.-based Chaum group?
Thanks in advance for any information, I hope we can get more
cooperation where our goals overlap; it seems to me like we have
many common goals.

@_date: 1993-12-29 20:33:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Cypherpunks & Clipper 
Hello darlings. I heard a rumor that Mr.May has requested that
everyone stop talking about Clipper on this list, saying it was
`time to move on'. Or maybe it was one of his tentacles, say
Wonderer. (It's hard to keep track, as you all know!) Anyway, I
have written a lot about Clipper when it first came out on the
list, and I have seen a lot of interest here, so I'm kind of
mixed up. I have to admit my feelings are kind of hurt to hear
Mr. May just kind of dismiss all the hard work of everyone who
has lobbied against it here.  Maybe everyone who has an opinion
on this could post to the list -- is Clipper dead? Should we stop
talking about it? Do cypherpunks have better things to do with
their time?
p.s. many cypherpunks have objected to my long postings, so I
will try to post some shorter ones. I'm here to serve you, a
fellow cypherpunk and human being, in whatever way I can.

@_date: 1993-12-29 20:36:40
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: On Troublemakers and Torture Techniques 
Hello, a long time ago I suggested on the cypherpunks list that
people be limited in the tentacles and anonymous IDs they be
permitted to use in Internet mailing lists and groups dedicated
to serious subjects and goals such as project development. This
fell on deaf ears at the time but perhaps the atmosphere and
climate is more suitable at this time for both groups to consider
ideas that will prevent their being tormented by troublemakers.
One of the best ideas I have I like for its utter simplicity. The
idea is this: the mailing list software tracks how long someone
has had their email address subscribed. When they post, a field
added by the list software broadcasts to the world how `old' they
are. This is an interesting measure of their `wisdom' on the
group. In the real world, we defer to people based on their age
all the time; it is a basic aspect of our human interaction.
Now, I know that there are objections to this kind of tracking,
but it seems to me they come mostly from people who like to
invade others attention with tentacles and anonymous posts. (Note
that under the scheme, all anonymous posts or for that matter
anything from `outsiders' gets a rating of 0 days old.)
Nevertheless I think that this is a very reasonable measure of
`credibility' and would be appreciated by everyone who is
interested in building their own filtering tools. We need to get
more information to individuals to make logical choices about
filtering; today it is `every man for himself.'
The second idea is this: let the list software track how much
that certain people's postings are *replied* to. In a sense, this
is a measure of their `relevance'. If I am continually posting
messages that get no response at all, I am probably doing
something wrong, like asking annoying newbie questions or posting
on topics that are outside the charter. On the other hand, if I
consistently get huge chains of interesting feedback on the list
started, it suggests that what I am writing about is inherently
interesting to everyone on the list. Now, when I post and an
extra header tells everyone how `interesting' I am by this
criteria, they can judge for themselves if I have a personality
that is `irrelevant' or `fascinating' and reply to the list or
privately based on that.
The `reply tracking' has some extra considerations. One of the
problems is that people tend to respond to posts that they think
are irrelevant with further flames. But this just tends to start
a chain reaction of meta-postings in which all the regular topics
are buried in. I think that this suggests a fundamental frailty
and deficiency in human nature: the inability to `turn the other
cheek' when offended. Imagine! In cyberspace, all you have to do
to neutralize a troublemaker is to delete his messages! But
people cannot even do that. They believe that in cyberspace, as
in all other realms of their life, justice is an eye for an eye
and a tooth for a tooth and a flame for a flame. If someone makes
you miserable, the only justifiable response (so it goes) is to
make them miserable themselves.
So, I think this new list software that tracked *responses* to
messages would be very valuable in encouraging people to take the
`Christian' approach of not counterattacking a tormenter but
absorbing their hatred. Because, if you *did* respond to them
with flames, it would actually aid their `reply count' rating,
and you don't want to aid them in any way whatsoever, of course!
So perhaps these new rating systems will actually encourage
*real* `moderation' and forbearance. Once again, I urge everyone
`out there' to experiment with new systems to encourage
responsible and courteous Cyberspatial interactions.

@_date: 1993-12-29 20:37:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: ...Into your life it will creep 
Hello {CA,CO,Internet} cy{ph,b}er{wo,pu}nks. Many cypherpunks
have told me that trust is not an inherent element of daily life
and that new features of cyberspace such as digital signatures
make things like human trust obsolete. This reminds me of a poem
that I saw by S.Boxx.
How do I Trust Thee?
S.Boxx How do I trust thee?
Let me count the ways.
Some sofware I get free,
and have used for many days;
I trust the program author
is not waging Virus War.
I trust that when I need a key
The one I seek is there for me.
And where a map depicts one door
I don't stumble into four!
I trust you not to peek
When it's anonymity I seek;
The cypherpunk remailers
must be free from failures!
You trust that when you send me mail,
privacy isn't broken by a cyberspatial wail!
All our mailboxes
Are open to the world,
To mailbombs and S.Boxxes
and vicious insults hurled.
I trust that when you hear my name,
You will not smear me with the blame
of another arsonist's black flame,
My reputation you will not defame,
My friends escape your poison aim!
My messages go to many lists,
I trust they go to all--
Though I've seen Dictators' fists
And when they hit a wall--
If you notice that they do,
I dearly hope to hear from you.
(Afer all,
if you should fall,
or if you burn,
you'll quickly learn,
Cyberspatial liquidation
Is like anarchy in a nation.)
We all trust that our leaders
are not evil breeders,
and not Draculean feeders!
We trust that when we hear `true' stories,
They're not cruel lies for somebody's false glories.
We trust that we aren't living lies,
We trust our friends are friends, not spies:
In dark hours their light lives, not dies.
Otherwise their rotten smell
Will not make you feel well--
Even be your living hell.
Eventually your mind will drench,
Permeated by their putrid stench,
Finally your sanity will wrench.
Above all else we trust our foes
Not to lash us for their woes,
That whatever it is they think we owe,
Whatever secret sin of theirs we know,
They avoid the `brick-through-window' throw.
We pray that even while we doze,
Their fuse or dynamite never goes...
Not to assail me with deadly blows,
Not to kill me for merely stepping on some toes.

@_date: 1993-12-29 20:37:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Paranoia Strikes Deep... 
Hello, I have been hearing some rumors about the cypherpunks
being `penetrated' by some spies and areas of the Internet
(mailing lists, newsgroups, private mail, journal articles, etc.)
being targeted with `tentacle' infiltrations. I thought this was
kind of fascinating to contemplate how they would behave. It
seems to me that loyalty is very hard to judge by mere email
messages alone, and that these hypothetical spies might take that
to their advantage. Here are some of the things that either
cypherpunk loyalists (cyberanarchists) or cy{b,ph}erwonk spies
might say to gain credibility and further `intelligence' from
- L.Detweiler is insane, has sent death threats, is behind
S.Boxx, is involved in cyberspatial guerrila warfare, is the
mastermind of a spy plot, etc. He is the only person in the world
who cares about pseudospoofing. (All the complete ad hominem
fantasy stuff).
- `T.C. May and E.Hughes and J.Gilmore are all outstanding and
upstanding net citizens, have never pseudospoofed or done
anything wrong, and are the target of an anonymous smear campaign
by terrorists.'
- `I have been to cypherpunk meetings and parties, and I have met
all the people who have been accused of being tentacles, and they
are all real. In fact, I saw their drivers licenses.' `Someone
accused of being a tentacle actually lives with me.'
- There are no conspiracies whatsoever going on inside the
cypherpunks, including drug use by `leaders' or pseudospoofing or
other illegitimate activities.
-  Lies are liberating. `We have a right to lie to the media and
other people through tentacles.' One can make a game out of
infecting respectable media outlets like Wired and NYT with
elaborate deceptions.
- Pseudospoofing is liberating. `You are only as good as the
number of identities you can project on the internet; this is a
feature, not a bug.' The Enders Game book (Orson Scott Card?) is
an example of the liberating effect of pseudospoofing on freeing
people from their arbitrary prejudices about human identity and
- There's no big deal about black marketeering or tax evasion.
Everyone does it. It's a survival tactic in a brutal world of
corrupt governments and massive corporations out to oppress the
little guy. We are entering a New World Order where anarchy will
rule and all governments will crumble.
- Blacknet is a harmless and visionary cyberspatial experiment
done by T.C.May.
- `Please take these annoying discussions about secret
conspiracies elsewhere.'
Of course, if any of these statements are by the spies, they are
just trying to build up your trust so that they can betray you
later when they have the proper opportunity. Or, sometimes, there
is the dictum that `intelligence is more valuable than
liquidation' and they may continue to deceive you just for the
valuable intelligence indefinately.
* * *
Then there may be some `tentacles' out there that are being
driven by the counterrevolutionaries bent on destroying the
Cyberanarchist movement and interested in getting some of their
own propaganda out there. These would be indistinguishable from
cy{b,ph}erwonk loyalists.
- L.Detweiler is brilliant, has made stellar net contributions,
has never sent death threats, no evidence exists that he is
behind S.Boxx, he has spoken out against cyberspatial guerrila
warfare, is the mastermind of a new mailing list but talk of a
spy plot is preposterous, etc. He is one of many in the world who
cares very seriously about pseudospoofing as all his writing in
e.g. RISKS and CUD attests. - `Very little is know about T.C. May and E.Hughes and J.Gilmore
as far as their personalities, and in fact J.Gilmore has admitted
publicly to drug use, and all vehemently resist making
unequivocal public or private statements on pseudospoofing,
although they do seem to be the target of an anonymous smear
campaign by the anonymous person S.Boxx, but with some disturbing
elements of truth.'
- `I have never been to cypherpunk meetings and parties, and I am
suspicious of the behavior of many of the `people' L.Detweiler
has accused of being tentacles, because of the lack of verifiable
information and a sort of `cardboard cutout' flavor to their
personalities. There seems to be some desperate damage control
going on.'
- There seem to be some actual conspiracies going on inside the
cypherpunks, including drug use by `leaders' or pseudospoofing or
other illegitimate activities.
-  Lies are lies. `No one has a right to lie to the media or
other people through tentacles.' Anyone who makes a game out of
infecting respectable media outlets like Wired and NYT with
elaborate deceptions is malicious, depraved, and perverted.
- Pseudospoofing is perverted. Statements like `You are only as
good as the number of identities you can project on the internet;
this is a feature, not a bug.' are depraved and deluded. The
Enders Game book (Orson Scott Card?) is an example of the very
dangerous effect of pseudospoofing on manipulating people in
their assumptions and presumptions about human identity and
accountability, and for mind control and brainwashing.
- Black marketeering and tax evasion are evil. Though many
promote it, it is toxic to social harmony. Those that promote it
are all hypocrites who claim that they have found new societies
that are free of it, but have found only societies of poisonous
distrust and paranoia. The whole purpose of governments and
corporations is to serve people, and if they fail to do so they
need to be adjusted but not destroyed.
- `Please don't censor these fascinating discussions about secret
conspiracies and cyberanarchists.'
* * *
It's quite a pity that in Cyberspace, to borrow a phrase that is
rapidly becoming a cliche, no one knows if you are a spy. Perhaps
we can work together to build systems that minimize this kind of
rampant paranoia. It's really a shame that someone with a grudge
against any mailing list or its leaders could so disrupt its
smooth flowing operation with no repercussions. I have some ideas
for preventing this, and in fact I encourage anyone else who does
to join the Cy{ph,b}erwonks list and discuss these issues
associated with Electronic Democracy.
``The first casualty in war is the truth.'' There is a saying in
war, `shoot them all and let God sort them out.' Perhaps in these
turbulent times, this message represents a `list all the rumors
and let the People sort them out.' I hope the truth prevails in
Cyberspace as it does in the real world. Our own controversies,
such as those above, will serve as an interesting experiment.

@_date: 1993-12-31 21:53:37
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Best Death Threat Yet 
This person claims I have `threatened' Nate Sammons, Colorado
Cypherpunks Founder and Leader. I have done no such thing. Please do
not send me this vomit.
`Mine enemies without reason outnumber the hairs on my head.'
I am only posting this in case the person is serious, whoever starts an
investigation has something to go on. Death threats are illegal in the
U.S.Mail, and there is probably a pretty good case to be made they are
illegal in email as well. I'm not aware of any legal precedents. Maybe someone could post on the subject.

@_date: 1993-12-31 22:50:55
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Privacy vs. Pseudospoofing 
============================== START ==============================
Hello everyone. I am a bit unclear as to what cypherpunks are really
promoting as far as privacy vs. pseudospoofing. The lack of official
comments by head cypherpunks make this difficult to sort out. Clearly,
you are in favor of some forms of pseudospoofing. Here is a list of all
the various forms I can think of. Please indicate which ones you are in
favor of. These are just some tentative names I'm coming up off the top
of my head for terminology.
pseudonymity: a name that is not traceable to a particular human being.
1) straight pseudonymity: the audience is aware of the fact that the
name is not traceable. (e.g. anon.penet.fi aliases, some book pseudonyms.)
2) semipseudonymity: the audience is not aware of whether or not the
name can be traced, and makes no assumption.
3) quasipseudonymity: the audience tends to assume from context that
the name is traceable, but it is not. I think email addresses fall in
this category, but (unfortunately IMHO) that is increasingly becoming the exception.
4) pseudoanonymity: the audience is deliberately deceived into thinking
the name is traceable when it is not. (e.g. a tentacle saying `I am a
real person.' or someone else vouching for them.)
Now, I have no objections to 1-2. And one can indeed have privacy with
them. But it seems to me that all the cypherpunks are promoting 3-4 in
the name of `privacy'. But it seems to me that (3) is misleading, and
(4) means active lies. These are not privacy. These are the tools that
criminals use to evade punishment for their crimes.
Also, one *must* make the distinction between *active* and *passive*
pseudonymity. If I read a book, I am not conversing with the author. I
am not asking him any questions about his identity. This strikes me as
harmless in most cases even if the reader is tricked into thinking the
name is `traceable'. But the interactive pseudonyms, those possible
with the internet, are extremely dangerous, because someone can
actively lie to me when I ask `who are you?'. And it really discourages
me that all you cypherpunks (e.g. J. Gilmore) think it is all the same
thing, Privacy.
So, which do you favor? (Please do not continue to obfuscate the issue
by pretending that they are all identical.)
Cypherpunks, I don't think you all understand the whole purpose of
names in the first place. They were invented so that we could function
as a society. The ability to `trace' a name to a human being is a very
basic aspect of social interaction and ettiquete. Every day that you
corrupt that trust you are not only breaking down governments, but
honest interactions. I am beginning to think that not only do the leaders have secrets from
the  followers, they have secrets from each other. Imagine one leader
asking the other through a tentacle, `what do you think of so-and-so'? yee, gad.
Where is your trust, cypherpunks? Why are you so paranoid? In my
experience, the people I have met that are the least trusting of others
are also the most paranoid. But they are also the most secretive
themselves. When you keep secrets from other people, you begin to think
the whole world is keeping secrets from you. Is all of history a big
lie to massage the egos of some people? The Bible is probably entirely
fictional too, right?
Don't you people know you are playing with fire? Active pseudoanonymity
is used to start riots and wars. I plant people around the mob or in a
country who agitate for the destruction of everyone. And real people
get caught up in the passions. Perhaps you think you can control this.
You are mistaken. He who lives by a mob, dies by a mob.
What is the consensus on that delightful little Nazi story about
pseudospoofing for espionage purposes? A glorious example of the
delights of pseudoanonymity? Something to strive for? This is the story
that I was going to send you all when your leaders told me what they
knew about pseudospoofing, that I was talking about for a long time.
But S.Boxx sent it before I had the chance. BTW I have misplaced the comments from the leaders that said they
didn't pseudospoof, could someone email them to me?

@_date: 1993-02-04 16:03:52
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: White House letter 
Hello, I think the official cyberpunk White House (Pres. Bill Clinton)
letter would be a great idea, although my experience is that the more
you want to say, the more people will say "that's not for cypherpunks
to say" or "I don't agree with that as a cypherpunk" and that it will
be hard to build consensus. But, on the other hand, a lot of
cypherpunks are kind of extremists that may even say some things don't
go far enough.  Anyway, here are some possible topics, as bland as I
can make them (but are all actually highly controverial):
1. Off the tip of the mailing list's tongue, phone encryption
particularly in cellular and hand-held phones.  The recent article from
the Sunday Times posted here stated that
Hm, that's pretty questionable. Maybe we shouldn't make it a black and
white issue, but codes seem to me to be either broken or unbroken, and
the former is insecure and unusable whereas the latter is not.  There
are already examples of situations where lack of encryption led to
outrageous breaches of privacy--both Princess Diana and her previous
husband can attest to that!
Clinton could put pressure on intelligence agencies in the U.S. to
allow strong encryption for cellular phones, pass laws, or whatever,
and eventually commit to security in phone calls.  What do you think,
cypherpunks?  Should the government be allowed to wiretap "at all"?  Is
it a "right" of the government? (prepare for the flames)  Should we
insist on completely unlimited use of cryptography?  Is any other
scenario practical?  Is anything but this inevitable? (uh oh, some
opinion creeping in there)
Introduction of strong cryptography in hand-held phones could be *the*
stepping stone for widespread introduction of cryptography, if the
battle is won and becomes publicized enough.  I think if this was
painted in the right way, we could really get a lot of public support
for ideas like "I should be able to know when someone is listening to
my calls" or "I should be able to protect from that" or "I know when
somebody opens my mail, why not my phone calls?" or "that's not
something I want my government to be doing anyway".
2. The new national network NREN supported by the NSF will have massive
data communications capabilities, many times the bandwidth of the
current internet.  There are plenty of "guidelines" that could be
established on its use.  For example, how about commercial traffic? Are there restrictions on traffic?  I think the "new world highways"
analogy works here. While we can get and go on a highway whenever we
want, and carry loads up to certain reasonable restrictions, we have to
get licensed. Also, commercial companies rely on them heavily and our
economy is immensely dependent on them (they benefit it immensely). Should we oppose all taxes and licensing? Limitations on total traffic
permitted?  Believe it or not, these will become *hot* issues soon. Bigger than the time the FCC was thinking of taxing modem use.  Keep in
mind, we might be able to make arguments that the ideas like "volume"
are somewhat obsolete in terms of networks, in which in many cases
sending very large amounts of data is as costly (or even less so,
because of overhead) than sending smaller amounts.  Even if someone was
charged based on quantity of use, the actual money involved would have
to be something like $.0001/meg (I hope).
3. There are lot of restrictions and regulations on networks right now.
 For example, there are rules that prevent telephone companies from
providing "information services" over telephone lines, apparently
originating by rather bold but successful cable company lobbyists. Should these be removed?
4. Fiber optics will be penetrating into a lot of homes over the next
few years.  This will be related to the network expansion mentioned
above.  Should these be maintained and installed by private companies? Should there be limitations on the size of the companies running the networks?
5. In the letter, we should look at trying to explain our interests and
backgrounds.  Who ARE we to ask these things?  A bunch of teenage
computer geeks and hackers?  Computer professionals with a serious
interest in privacy, with important tax-paying jobs?  I don't really
know the answer to this one!
I'd be willing to hammer up some rough drafts, if no one objects, but
we need to hash this out, and decide about some kind of voting
procedure, I would say (majority passing? line-item veto?)
I suppose the one really major consensus of the cypherpunks is the
commitment to cryptography and the believe that it should be
unregulated and freely used.  So, if all this sounds too involved, we
could go the simple route and just fix up Eric Hugh's group charter to
send to Pres. Clinton.
P.S. Here's a product that would *really* bring the issue of
cryptography to the forefront, making the public aware of it and
partial to it, and is just waiting to be invented by somebody with a
flair for electronics, packaging, and marketing.  Encryption technology
is becoming pretty inexpensive, and even some simple techniques are
better than nothing and not trivial to get around for the big
bureacracies that do wiretapping.  Imagine a single little plastic cup
that could be placed over a phone reciever with all the cheap
encryption electronics built in (maybe even analog based).  Market it
in every drugstore and discount store in existence in real flashy ways.
 Protect your calls! Just slip it on your phone! Use it to talk to your
friends! etc. introducing the CRYPTOCUP only $9.99.  The thing could be
adaptive, like pick one of 10 or 100 preprogrammed codes when it finds
another of the same at the other end of the line.  Or, maybe some
one-time PADs could be used by the users using touch-tones.
You could even market it as a child's toy: imagine that the kid could
slip it over his mouth and yell through it.  Another kid with a
receiving speaker could decrypt this into earphones or something.  Now,
to other kids on the playground, all they hear is goofyspeak that
sounds like pig latin from the pair, but the two kids are able to talk
about throwing snowballs at Suzy or whatever (endless laughs and
hilarity).  You could have all kinds of spiffy TV commercials with
little kids pretending to be spies, with the costumes and everything.
Wow!  You could sell a LOT of these if it was done right.  This would
be like the 20th century equivalent of the cups-and-string thing. (Just make sure I get plenty of royalties :)
Or how about this?  For us cypherpunks, the "kids toy" thing could be
little cover for the use that it was *designed* for: use over phones. The "kid toy" thing would just be a way to get it to be widespread so
that everybody had one and knew what it did.  Then, the rumors would
start. Wow! They fit on phones!  Drug dealer's use em!  People having
affairs use 'em!  Businessmen use 'em!  EVERYBODY uses em! Coach to
team player: did you remember your CUP?  Yes Sir!  Coach starts yelling
plays at quarterback.  Girlfriends would ask their boyfriends to slip
'em on before they started (do you have the PROTECTION with you?).
Then, we take over the world. HAHAHAHA <- evil laugh
If this was cheap enough, people might buy it just for the novelty of
it.  Especially if you don't have to choose the code, just slip it on
and it works (maybe with the better versions, you could pick the code).
 The point is, infiltrate the economy to the point where any kind of
silly regulation of "cryptography" would be perceived as completely
ridiculous by the general population.  "What are we going to do?"
They'd say, "register every kid's CRYPTOCUP?  HAHAHAHAHA!" <- side
splitting laugh at the sheer stupidity of government.  (Yeah, we have a
great one---once they even tried to regulate CRYPTOCUPS! HAHAHAHA! <-
now sides starting to hurt)
OK (regaining my composure and sanity), so if we're really boring, I
suppose we could go the route of just pressing for encryption in
cellular phones.  Or maybe just the middleaged employed people on the
group could go that route, and all the teenage hackers work on the toy.
P.S. how big is cypherpunks now anyway?  I'm interested in embarrassing
myself in front of as many people as possible. :)

@_date: 1993-02-10 14:12:43
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
This is neat idea, T.C. May. Here are some things that popped into my
head thinking of it.
I think the idea of multiple encryption of the time-delay message would
be extremely useful here. Imagine this. You encrypt a message with as
many layers as there are intermediate escrows.  In other words, a
message is encrypted with layer1 pw, then reencrypted with layer2 pw,
then layer3, etc.  In the decryption message (separate) there is a long
sequence of keys.  The lower-level keys closer to the actual message
are also encrypted by the higher-level keys.  Now, suppose that the way
the message is held is this: after 1 level of protection has elapsed,
the password message and the encryption message are recombined to a
single escrow agent. That agent uses the top-level information (one key
is plaintext (maybe not), or encrypted with that agent's public key, or
whatever) to decode the top-level of encryption.  Then, he again
redistributes the next-lower-level of encryption password message and
actual message to unique escrow agents.
The beauty of this is that a given escrow agent, even once he gets a
password, can only strip off "his" topmost level of encryption (at
least, that's the intent). He is powerless to decrypt all the lower
levels and hence the message itself. Therefore to actually decrypt a
message ahead of time would require the collusion of many operators. The message should have some kind of indications at each level when it
is to be "reconstituted" (just add water), and escrow agents of course
should hold or reject messages that are sent to them for premature
decryption.  There is also the distinction of "joiners" and "storers"
although the two could be combined in some way (both are "forwarders").
The final destination should be the destination the original owner
intended, so that there is no final escrow agent that can decrypt the
message.  He only has an encoded message he can pass along, and another
agent only has a meaningless key and the final address as well.  When
the final destination is reached, the last layer of decryption can be
removed by the intended recipient (the money is in -X- account,
password -Y- or whatever).  I.e., the recipient is the final "joiner".
The idea of separating keys and the encoded messages is really
ingenious, and I'd guess this "disassociation" has other uses as well. An encrypted message with a password *existing* but *inaccessable* is
just as secure as a message using conventional encryption. In fact,
there is probably an added dimension of security---in most systems
*somebody* knows the key, but here, if it is generated automatically,
even the *key* is unknown for awhile!
Another possibility is to have some kind of standard protocol for time
encrypted messages (this is interesting and seems feasible). Let's say
I want a message [x] to be unencrypted on date [y].  I call a "time
encryption server" and ask for the secret key associated with my
message and date [y].  I encrypt the message and publicize that
version.  The time server is constantly spewing out the daily code for
messages that expire on that date. Anybody just listens to the
broadcast and decrypts the messages in their possession using the key. Note however that it is crucial that somehow the key depend on the
message itself (via the hashing approaches), otherwise everybody knows
everybody else's keys ahead of time just by submitting messages to the
server for the particular date.  I suppose public-key encryption could
be used here but I'm hazy on the details.
P.S. this is a really tricky situation compared to above, but it might
be possible to make messages with "insecure" passwords that can be
broken in a few lifetimes from searches. Of course, this depends very
crucially on the pace of technology and the resources devoted to the
cracking, two highly variable factors.
Also, keep in mind that every message in existence relying on
complexity of algorithms is encrypted based on the time-delayed release
of revolutionary and unforeseen computer techniques in cracking... or,
more specifically, the gamble that they will not occur...

@_date: 1993-02-10 17:49:10
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: Tagging copyrighted text 
Er, I'd say this is another instance of cypherpunk extremism: ``The
world as we know it is about to collapse.''  Yes, information will
probably be much freer over the nets, and copyright violations probably
more difficult to pursue and punish.  But think about this: with the
speed and ubiquity of networks, it now becomes possible for every
author or creative artist to keep the only copies of his work. Then, he
could post "links" to it anywhere in the world. When people pass around
the work, they wouldn't pass around the work itself, they'd pass the
"link".  Whenever someone wants to view the work, the link points to
the unchanging address for instantaneous downloading.  A very small
transaction charge is billed to the receiver by the sender. (Of course,
people could write stuff that would actually grab and store the text or
whatever instead of just "play" it. But I'll bet that most people will
eventually say, "why bother?" The direct access will be more convenient
and the charge so minimal.)  Links could be embedded wherever there is
information, like in bibliographies or references or compilations or whatever.
 There are virtually NO MIDDLEMEN---the investment return to the artist
is total.  Contrast this to today's vast overhead with records and
books, for example (these costs are largely associated with
distribution, I'd wager).  Of course, the individual artist is free to
make contracts with knowledgeable cohorts for album cover design or
whatever.  The essence of a copyright is really to give a creative
artist more control over their own works, and global, high-speed,
reliable networks will give artists absolutely unprecedented and
unparalleled control (and yes, I admit, a lack of it too).
Hey, consider that programmers are artists too.  I write some hot
program, but I don't distribute it: I run it on one of my systems as a
sort of network pipe.  People anywhere in the world pipe in their data
and get it back with a small transaction fee to me.  In fact, what I'm
really getting at is treating the entire world like Unix utilities with
standard input and output, sort of like electronic vending machines!  I
can pipe my manuscripts to some address and they pop out edited or
published.  I drop a file on that goofy icon, and it goes to Bill
Clinton.  I could hook up pipes between companies to set up my own
company!  There might be a lot of command line parameters to specify
and plenty of glitches reported on stderr, but it could work...  This
all would happen with commensurate drains on my online account (all
digital transactions, of course).  Imagine that you could write
software that would bill the user!  Big companies do it, why not individuals?

@_date: 1993-02-12 10:54:02
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Viral encryption 
Unfortunately most of humanity is not in the category of "hacker", and
we should be considerate of them.  While we tout cryptography for example
we have to remember that the only way that it will get into the mainstream is if it is integrated very nicely into foolproof user-friendly (sorry,
the term makes me cringe a bit too) software.
I don't see any constructive purpose served by viruses, and if anybody
in this group is advocating or even pursuing their development, I think
that has just brought the quality of the list down several notches, and really damaged the credibility of the speakers.  Definitely, they are
interesting to study, but the havoc they wreak is incalculable.  To the
extent that they encourage designers to create more straightjacket-type
security mechanisms, they are detrimental to the goal of simple and
straightforward access to computer technology, and significantly undermine
confidence in and use of that technology.

@_date: 1993-02-19 11:08:08
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the revocation blues 
peter honeyman I don't get it. The point of revocation is to remove a *compromised*
key, one that someone has potentially copied, etc.  If there is no
chance that the key can be accessed, how is this a problem? I guess the
problem is that only one key can be associated with one person
(identity) per keyring?  Then I would say the thing to do is propagate
the new key through the trust network in the same way it was originally
established...? This isn't really a deficiency in the software, is it?

@_date: 1993-02-19 11:11:39
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Defending Free Speech and Liberty 
[t.c. May]
I say, unless it has to do with cryptography, please don't. Does
anybody else want a lot of virus articles on this list?  I found the
original thug article a bit questionable, as I said. But a new list
(viruspunks?) might be a good idea.

@_date: 1993-02-20 19:35:48
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: whistleblower newsgroup? 
Mulling over K. Goen's somewhat rambling, irate, and paranoid prose (but nevertheless mildly entertaining) has caused various random ideas to pop into my head on how to get pseudonymity/anonymity into the mainstream and even the spotlight, toward the goal of widespread public recognition, acceptance, and use to the point of
dependence, all in a nonthreatening way.
First of all, there have been a lot of famous uses of anonymity and pseudonymity, esp. in literature. It might be interesting for PR purposes
to collect a long list of everyone who has used aliases.  When people
start saying `wow, he's my favorite author, I didn't know he was someone
else' that would be great.  A sort of long history of anonymity and pseudonymity would be perfect. Deep Throat, Voltaire, Mark Twain, I think
even Scott Fitzgerald was a pseudonym.  Also, what about anonymous letters?
Did Martin Luther first post the `indulgence complaints' anonymously?  I'm sure there's some cases where anonymous information changed the course of world history significantly (esp. during wars). Anonymous tips leading
to big busts, that kind of thing. (Remember the Lockerbie plane terrorist
crash? There was an anonymous tip to authorities that virtually pinpointed
the flight origination and bomb mechanism.)  Anybody know any, please send them to me, and I'll summarize to the group and credit you.  (please
give references where possible.)  If it works out I'll donate it to
K. Goen, assuming he hasn't been arrested or hospitalized by then :)
Next idea:  How about a newsgroup devoted to `whistleblowing' where anonymity is encouraged? It could even be `anonymously moderated' where all the postings are guaranteed to go through an anonymous server before posting. (Whoever wanted to be *really* sure could anonymize the
message before posting.) I haven't seen *any* newsgroups dedicated to looking at government abuses from the "inside" (this would be for employees esp.) I can imagine all kinds of neat little secrets about our government's
illustrious practices leaking out..  The potential for `good' is good, esp. if the notices refer to ways of *saving money* and *eliminating waste*.
A sort of patriotic taxpayer watchdog group!  Although the possibility for `bad' is good too, people might just use it as a way of getting revenge. (Despite what others may think here, I hope it wouldn't turn into
a sort of perpetual incitement to revolution and anarchy...)  The group might overlap into private industry too, although the federal government assuredly provides the most fodder...
Now, think about how much immense *press* and *publicity* that some government abuses get.  They can really be legendary (remember the $600 toilet seats?). Now, suppose that just coincidentally a major press story that got out *originated* in this anonymous group. Wow! That would be a story in itself, worthy of the
evening news. Can't you imagine some blank-faced, clueless reporter saying
``the story was first reported on a network bulletin board devoted to anonymous reporting of government abuses.'' Allright! Hey, it could get
to the point where reporters start watching it for hot tips!  There are
already a lot of big Washington groups that try to monitor the government,
and this could be a real catalyst for them.
So I'm putting out the idea. Maybe someone well-versed in the newsgroup
addition protocol can take care of the details.
(Ladies and gentlemen, fasten your seat belts, I think we're in for some hellacious turbulence ahead...)

@_date: 1993-02-23 12:03:18
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: dispatches from the front lines of anonymity 
A few notes on the progress in anonymity:
Eric Hughes suggests an alt.whistleblower with localized anonymizing. I
like this, but I don't see how NNTP provides it. Wouldn't every server
have to be modified or upgraded to support anonymizing? It would be
trivial but I think we will find that the people in charge of NNTP are
looking for ways to increase authentication and validation mechanisms,
and would be hostile to the idea, althought that's definitely the place
for it.  As I hinted in an earlier message, the possibility of a
centralized moderator stripping addresses, while already currently
supported in the software mechanisms, is problematic because it is a
single location with all the traffic--hence the need to go through
independent anonymous servers first. But I think the localized
header-stripping is totally superior to all this. Having a message
bounce around a net a bit with *real* information is very vulnerable,
when the ID could be stripped off at the source.
Regarding the alt.whistleblower group, someone has proposed starting a
.gov hierarchy on news.admin.policy very recently, and I sent along the
proposal to him. Watch for new RFCs and vote with your email.  For now
I think the route to go is to get a group and let independent servers
take care of anonymizing the traffic. Maybe the moderating address
could pick a random remailer from a list of active ones--?
I'd like to say a few things about what's going on in news.admin.policy
right now. The thing has turned into quite a conflagation. But most
notable is that Julf at penet has broken his silence on the really
voracious drubbing he's getting, and come forward to say that he has
taken actions against abusive posters, and is under severe amounts of
stress--he said he spends 5 hrs some days answering email
(administrative queries?) on the server. In one case an abusive poster
crashed his system by mailbombing (filling it up with junk). K.
Kleinpaste, who wrote original scripts that julf is using, IMHO is at
best a hypocrite and at worst a traitor to the cause. He has attacked
julf repeatedly on news.answers (most recently calling him a `bastard')
for not implementing the `fire extinguisher' (killing abusive posters)
or restricting group access, or using his own software for any of these
purposes, despite originally providing it.  In private email to him I
find him very authoritarian and narrowminded on issues of anonymity and
am frankly quite stunned he ever partook in the project.  I think
history will show very clearly that the great and tremendous popularity
of the penet server (10,000 users in a few months) is due *precisely*
to julf's decision to allow postings to all groups.
Anyway, if ever there was a call for other server operators (not just
account remailers)--this is it. We need people with as much control
over their own site as possible. Stuff that is running without the
knowledge of sysadmins at the site is great for experiments but its
just not going to cut it for some very serious future uses that are
approaching at the speed of light.  Also, if anyone from EFF is
listening, I think this could turn out to be one of the most important
net.issues over the coming years.  How about an EFF sponsored server?
I suspect, if anybody did a fairly impartial study, instead of all the
ranting and prejudice that is going on right now in news.admin.policy,
that anonymous abuse is not extremely problematic or unmanagable
compared to regular phantom/untraceable postings on Usenet. People are
so vocal about `abuses' right now, but only because they tend to be
highly visible. The anonymity is a red herring here. If julf at penet has
10,000 anonymous users, do we now have 10,000 times the problems on
Usenet in general?  Or *any* measurable fraction more than previously?
I think this anonymous use is getting very high use right now. We are
right in the midst of a major trend toward greater anonymized traffic.
Stats on news.lists show that a lot of traffic is starting to get
anonymized, traffic that was once (previously, probably) simply forged.
They'll be plenty of people complaining from upset status quo. Tell
them to take some virtual alkaseltzer.
- - -
I apologize for not bringing this to the attention of the list earlier,
as it sort of seems to be a recent epiphany on the list, but julf at penet
told me he added the password protection precisely for the forgery
questions that are popping up. Also, something to note on forgery is
that the forger may not necessarily *know* a person has an anonymous
mail address on a given server, and the forgery may result in
allocating a new anonymous ID for the forged address. The forger can
tell the difference if the message simply goes through or he gets back
a `you have been allocated xxx ID..'
Also, note the simple scheme of serially allocating anonymous ID's
could be a problem. If the infiltrator knows the rough date that
someone was allocated a new ID, he could narrow down the range of IDs.
For this reason randomly allocated IDs is a better idea.  The
infiltrator could even go around to new accounts all the time (or forge
them) to get an idea where the server is in the allocation cycle. It
seems to me that there are probably a lot of ID's that are not being
used on these servers and the issue of when to get rid of old ID's is a big problem.
Regarding some notes from Mr. Finney:
These are completely analogous to users being tricked into supplying
passwords in regular login situations. Not a new problem. And anybody
who hasn't figured out that you should *never* put any identifying
information in the message itself is probably a little too clueless to
be using the service in the first place. However, the idea of giving a
warning in the use introduction is ok: ``under NO CIRCUMSTANCES EVER DO
THIS'' type thing.
Tell them to try not to be so sensitive that a breeze causes themselves
to panic.  Its a new scheme but they need to get used to it. They can
throw off the anonymity voluntarily any time they want by just
including their ID in their message. But they shouldn't do this if they
ever want to use the server in the future.  Really, all this comes down
to is that they get one extra reply in their mailbox other than
usual--the one from the server saying `you now have this ID'.  I think
most people are recognizing that people complaining about this are just
trying to be troublesome. The argument was called `pedantic' on news.admin.answers.
The problem is that the anonymity is implicitly requested by a message
to the server. Hence replies are getting this anonymity. One
possibility is an override switch in the header that leaves it entirely
intact and the server just acts like another hub forwarder. But what is
this `harm'? We have to recognize these complaints as completely
frivolous and without merit.  Please, don't find a problem where there
is none, you will only complicate simplicity.
One thing I'd like to see that no one has done is an `unlink' feature
for servers that carry address alias tables, so the user can erase all
trace of any previous transactions through the server (other than the
mail).  But maybe this is too close to the hit-and-run abuse out there.
Maybe there is a compromise somewhere, like a waiting period before
unlinking, during which complaints can be registered and possibly
prohibit future use.

@_date: 1993-02-25 12:00:28
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
The question as to what specifically to prohibit being posted
anonymously has come up, and is by far one of our most serious and
sensitive considerations. Of course, the decision is largely in the
hands of the anonymous server operator, but no generally accepted
guidelines currently exist, and we might help some people and advance
the cause by codifying `legitimate use'. First, let me assure you my
intent and preference is that it should be as liberal as possible. Let's look at some of the options (I'm tiptoeing on eggshells here,
please don't flame me too much):
1) operator makes decision for every posting brought to his attention. Things that would test this system: what about revisionists (not
ugly-enough term) who claim that the Holocaust never happened? Or
someone who is posting extremely provocative but fabricated data?  (The
first case happened on Prodigy--the censors let it through at one
point, and was documented in a column by Alan Dershowitz, famous
American lawyer defending e.g. Mike Tyson, and other major celebrities.
The second case happened with the now infamous challenger transcript
posting, where anonymous user of penet posts without any comment a
`transcript' of shuttle crew dialog during the crash.)
Here, I think one policy might be that if the poster seems to be
repeatedly and blatantly fabricating the data himself, maybe some
restriction or warning is in order. But if ever the poster includes
`real source' (no matter how trashy) from the outside world, and makes
it clear that they are not the originator, only the purveyor
(`messenger'), perhaps this is less serious.  (I think Mr. Helsingius'
current standards in this area should be held up as an outstanding
model of commitment to privacy and free speech.)
2) some kind of global system for keeping track of `abusive' posters.
Here are some interesting ideas--how about lists circulated among
anonymous server operators only (not public) that record barred users
by their email address or even real identity? The lists could be
categorized and tagged so that the administrator can prohibit use based
on the seriousness of the offense.  Here are some things that operators
`might' look at:
1) ad hominem attacks
2) flame baiting
3) lying outright
4) defying Usenet conventions: posting copyrighted material, binaries
to regular groups, massive amounts of data, etc.
5) number or existence of *any* complaints
6) `racist' remarks
7) terrorism
8) `harassment'
9) anything illegal in the poster's country (yes, tricky I know)
ad infinitum ad nauseam. Maybe we could try to organize the severity of
this kind of stuff, and classify servers as `type 1' or `type 2' and we
can get a feel for how liberal or conservative the operator is. The
operator would say which lists he subscribes to, and which lists your
email address will go on if you abuse the site. Really extreme
operators (like Mr. Kleinpaste) might actually be interested in
`public' lists -- abusers get their email addresses, along with the
offense, posted on the public list, i.e. `outed'.  Now, I think a lot
of this is pretty unpalatable, but we have things to gain by
formalizing these mechanisms, and as long as the anonymous user is
*warned* in the server intro-use message, and possibly even has ways of
redress, and has choice of different servers, then the system could be
fairly agreeable by most.  Remember, no one is preventing operators
from being conservative or liberal as they like, the only thing wanted
is adherence to their stated policies.
Look what we have to gain. Currently, there is a lot of censorship
(attempts? conquests?) going on behind the scenes, as a recent episode
here attests. No one really knows how effective in general it is
currently to hunt down and bar `abusive' users (hence a lot of
misinformation and paranoia about the effects of anonymous servers). If
we could have some *statistics* that show x% of nonanonymous users get
complaints and y% of anonymous ones do, this would be very useful for
gauging the social impact of our technologies.  (There could be some
very surprising results---I get the impression that many very
responsible people *prefer* anonymity, and conceivably the overall
complaints on anonymity could even be *less*).
3) Possibility of net.trials
Ok, so don't flame me too much on this one. But if `abusers' (this
could be for anonymity on a local server, but eventually involve to
other realms) were subject to a `trial by peers', imagine what this
could do to enhance the legitimate reputation of networks. Suddenly, a
judicial system. I certainly don't want to be known as an advocate of
bringing in lawyers and bureaucrats. Actually, that's precisely why I'm
proposing this, to prevent that scenario. Imagine that the net
establishes these formal self-regulating mechanisms.  People in the
real-world law enforcement would be much less likely to become enraged
by perceived abuses when they realize that there are intrinsic
mechanisms for quelling the psychopaths (uhm, maybe, anyway).  Also, if
people weren't added to blacklists just by the caprice of one operator
but after a perceived fair `trial', people at other sites would be much
more willing to enforce the sentences of suspension, expulsion or
whatever.  An electronic trial by peers? (with voting at the end?)  A
very interesting idea.  Each server may develop a kind of peer or
family structure, keeping kin in line. Maybe everyone that replies to an anonymous message could vote in their
header whether to get rid of the user, with the default `one vote of
approval' (limit voting regularity). Approves add, complaints subtract.
The user starts with some initial balance. If he gets down to zero,
*poof*.  Lots of `approval'? No problemo. Post something really
outrageous? You might get enough zaps to lose it all.  Imagine, this
could improve the accountability of users in *general* (the mechanisms
could be applied to new Usenet groups, for example, or if very
trustworthy and fair even logins themselves).
I've been a bit vague and ambiguous in some of these statements. This
is because, as I hope has become clear, the kind of things that start
out on anonymous servers could eventually have a much greater scope, so
that it `behooves' us to develop effective and dynamic mechanisms for
self-regulation.  Keep in mind a lot of these things are happening
already albeit in much less formal ways. For example, the convention is
to send complaints to the system adminstrator at a site regarding their
users, and they act as judge and jury (or use whatever other local
procedures are in place).  The user may or may not be able to justify
their actions (redress).  There is already a loose confederation of
cooperation between administrators, esp. over extremely abusive
posters.  We already get somewhat public `trials' of extremists, where
people put forward all the evidence on Usenet and argue both sides. `Enforcement' and `punishment' sometimes consists of revoking logins,
feeds, or whatever.  I think we ultimately stand to gain by
`formalizing' a lot of the currently informal mechanisms in place.  My feeling is that if we don't head off these issues at the pass, so to
speak, Real World (tm) courts will start deciding them for us. Let's
develop something we can be proud of and will be a model of excellence
for the future, and not something frail and unstable.
Perhaps our anonymous motto:
``I disagree with what you say but will defend to my death your right
to say it.'' --Voltaire (written pseudonymously)

@_date: 1993-02-27 19:00:25
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: A Modest Proposal 
Eric Hughes Once again I'm very seriously disturbed at the sentiments presented by
some eminent members of this list.  I believe in free speech perhaps as
rabidly as the next guy, but many of the most rabid advocates recognize
that there are limitations on `freedom'.  Everyone, please take the
following remarks impersonally but seriously.
Let me be very clear about this: I'm highly committed to pseudonymity
and anonymity as new, revolutionary social tools. However, completely
unrestrained anonymity (which, by the way, is related to but not
equivalent to freedom of speech) is unworkable and extremely dangerous
to *everybody* (not just corrupt government officials or big businesses
that were so ignorant they didn't hire you). Anybody here that thinks
that an anonymous service can act something like a Unix pipe that just
passes the raw stuff through forever unhindered and uninterrupted is
seriously deluding himself. Whoever does is ultimately discrediting and
detrimental to the cause itself.  If you think the problem is
exclusively because of self-appointed puritannical `censors' on the net
(which, I admit, exist), you are *wrong*. It gives me great anguish,
dread and fear to read of `limitation' of anonymity misguidedly
satirized as nothing but brutish censorship.
You can submit and agree to some minor and essential self-regulating
mechanisms, such as barring illegal and unrepetant users, `convicted'
email addresses circulated among anonymous server operators
voluntarily, a complaint-and-response system, perhaps even automated,
etc. Or you can call it all the most obnoxious and insidious stab at
your true God-given freedoms ever to ooze out of the sewer. But one
exemplary and commendable somebody who posts here and has committed
superhuman energy and dedication and commitment to the ideal of
anonymity for the Usenet masses, running a server TODAY, recognizes
that certain basic limitations are unpalatable but NECESSARY and
CRUCIAL. And if you don't sufficiently protect yourselves (and
unrestrained anonymity transfers to operators the most supreme exposure
and vulnerability) you will inevitably be rudely, shockingly surprised
at your liability and loss.
``Be careful what you wish for, you might get it.'' Everybody here that
thinks anarchy is kinda neato should reconsider.  By one meaning of
anarchy, at least, you cannot have even the most basic of conveniences
you have taken for granted, e.g. longtime social contacts or clothes,
food, privacy, or whatever (and you'll not easily convince me there are
more appealing variations thereof). Enclosed, an essay by a friend of mine...
WHY DIGITAL ANONYMITY SHOULD BE UNRESTRICTED
by D. Lewdud
I want net anonymity to be completely unrestrained, and anybody who
thinks otherwise is an unAmerican communist censor sleazebag Puritan
prude spy who should be ruthlessly exposed and stoned for the sheer
criminality of their ideas. I happen to like it when the Usenet groups I'm reading have a lot of
irrelevant junk, with the signal-to-noise ratio approaching absolute
zero.  Anonymity is great for vicious flame wars and haranging
diatribes, but anonymously posted binary files in science groups are
the best, especially if they are posted multiple times and take many
megabytes. In fact, if they crash my newsserver, that's even better. It
gives me an enviable vacation during which I can look forward to the
next assault and relish the inspiring poetry of it all.  But then the
narrowminded ignoramuses talk about shutting down some system or
excluding some users, depriving me of my sheer joy.
All this idiotic drivel about pornography and copyright violations
sanctioned by taxpayer money. OF COURSE!  That's everyone's right, to
exploit all that gushing money in our government--that's why it's
there.  Clearly our corrupted officials don't know what to do with it
besides pocket it.  Why, if some bloated bureacrat misses his snack of
caviar to subsidize this lovely GIF specimen, this masterpiece of
nudity spread before me lasciviously, posted by some exemplary
anonymous user, that's one small favor for humanity and a giant drool
for me.  Wow, think of what we could achieve and accomplish if we
completely dismantled the NSA, the FBI, the CIA, and my local pig
trough!  (Ah, but not everybody objects to pornography, so maybe I'm
preaching to the choir on that one.)
I want to be able to get mailbombed with regularity, I like it when my
system goes down and I am helpless and the cruel butt of other's jokes.
Its fun! Esp. when I know where the mail is originating from, but the
operator makes eloquent, impassioned, and irate speeches against
stopping the flow based on Constitutional rights. I've started a
collection of all the neat stuff I've received (millions of lines of
exquisite profanity and threats), and to make room for it have gotten
rid of all the other junk on my account like mail from my friends and
family and my previously-favorite programs, which pale in comparison to
records of the heights of eloquence of my tormentors. To think that
others pay for this gives me great pangs of ecstasy.
I paid good money for all my hardware, and my network connection is my
pride and joy, and finaly I'm getting a return on my serious
investment. Why, I'm so happy I'm going to buy another new computer to
replace the last three that have crashed. Rather than put in the many
hours required to repair them (which would definitely be gleeful), I've
decided they'll go up on my mantle as monumental testaments to the
grandeur of the great anonymous feats of humanity.
I want to see illegal, sinister, and evil groups like the Mafia to
flourish, using new technology like networks to perpetrate their
patriotic services.  The net is such a close-knit set of orderly people
and upstanding citizens, I'm sure they'll love to join the party. I
want them to be able to terrorize me without consequence. Anybody who
objects clearly is wholly ignorant of the beautiful social implications
wrought by this wonderful technological innovation, a blind mute living
in a black and white closet and a zealot of thin line-drawing. Although I haven't personally yet had the great joy of this, I can't
wait to receive an anonymous death threat or ransom notice via email,
possibly even directed at a close relative or loved-one. In fact, I'm
saving up as much digital money as possible right now for exactly this
eventuality.  Its my digital insurance fund.  That this can all be
completely untraceable with anonymity, well that's something as
exhilarating as a quivering digital orgasm.
Imagine the splendor of delivering an anonymous note to the mayor of
New York and the world that in 15 minutes a large chunk under a large
building, a symbol of international unity, will be conveniently
rearranged, at only minor risk to nearby inhabitants!  Wow, this could
really advance the cause of establishing a vast electronic
infrastructure for promoting all the splendid possibilities of digital
anonymity. Considering what's happened to the country's `real'
infrastructure, we need another! If the assurance of anonymity was
absolute, it would really encourage everyone to find similarly noble
uses of their own.
Don't get me wrong.  I'm totally free of bias for and prejudice against
various uses of anonymity (anything less, of course, would be fascist
totalitarianism).  For example, I like individual terrorists just as
much as the organized collections.  They sound like they could be
really completely uninhibited in their creative grasps of our true
freedoms, and more numerous with their stellar utilizations.  In fact,
the potential for individual, unassociated citizens to thwart the
abuses, and profoundly destabilize the foundations of frigid, faceless
bureacracies like big telephone companies, and even the government, I
find spine-tinglingly majestic---it even looks like this could soon
happen.  Imagine: nothing left but pure, omnipresent cyberspace!

@_date: 1993-02-28 21:18:45
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: some PRACTICAL ideas on ... 
Ahem, well, there have been some complaints of too much impractical
philosophizing and ranting of late, so here's my penance. Notes on how
to protect alias files, ideas on digital money, and an excerpt on
computer raid techniques from The Hacker Crackdown by Bruce Sterling. (Disclaimer: In no way should any of this be contrued as encouraging or
advocating destruction of evidence.)
self-Encryption time bombs
Some lost soul asked an excellent question about a week ago regarding
how to protect things like the alias file of an anonymous server from
attack, possibly using encryption. This is actually a very interesting
and difficult problem, and I've been rolling it around in my brain a
bit, and some things are now rattling out onto the keyboard. The
question applies really in general: how do you simultaneously use and
protect data from prying eyes?  I don't think there are really any
simple and ingenious approaches, or they might have been suggested by
now. Actually, the silence on the topic assures me that its indeed rather difficult.
One idea is to keep the only the encrypted version in permanent
storage. Keep the usable copy in something volatile like memory (e.g. a
Ramdisk). This makes it much less solid.
Another idea is to have a `time-bomb' encryption device. Here's the
idea applied to  a remailer. Every few hours the remailer asks for the
owner to type a password. If the meow isn't answered, it panics and
locks up everything, electronically `burning' anything important and
encrypting stuff that needs to be kept around.
This of course is problematic because if someone grabbed the server
they could utilize it in the time window. Ok, so imagine that the
server can somehow `sense' whether its real owner is present and
typing. This could mean that the owner types in a certain way or runs a
dummy command at least once an hour or whatever, or has his foot on a
footpedal or whatever.  Again, the server panics if it sees something awry.
Also, note that usually computers are switched off and cables unplugged
when confiscated. If the interesting stuff is in only in RAM, no
problemo.  This gives other ideas though. When a certain cable is
unplugged, *poof* goes certain data or whatever. Ideally there would be
a daemon that is always alive (even with switched off power) that could
deal with the signal that something bad has happened.
Another idea is to check for operator signals at boot time.  When the
confiscator boots the computer (assuming they do, and not unplug the
hard drive for analysis) the computer could look for the cue and say
something like ``one monent, loading system'' while it is in a mad dash
to encrypt everything important (but it must delete the password used
for this at the end, of course!). Then it could give a regular login
prompt and even let in the infiltrator.
Finally, note that in raids usually the operator is taken away from the
computer immediately (see attached notes) while the confiscators (I'm
trying to stay neutral here) grab all the hardware. Hence, a `direct'
signal to the computer that requires the operator to do something and
the computer to respond is difficult in these situations. But the
possibility of rigging panic-encrypt buttons in surreptitious places
all over your house (flush!!!)  is not completely outlandish.
digital $$$
There seems to be a lot of interest in this topic. Now, unfortunately I
think anyone who wants to set up a *real* bank on the internet right
now and handle transactions via email would really swiftly arouse the
fearsome ire and wrath of vast segments of the net.  Whatever, I'd like
to point out that it is entirely feasible *right now* using *credit
cards*. There are obviously automated credit card machines that can
make transactions solely electronically based only on that lovely
*data* cypherpunks love so much (card # and exp. date).  Maybe some
even have RS232 interfaces! (for the brain dead, that means they'd be
as trivial and familiar to interface to a computer as MODEMs!).
Imagine this scenario: a banking server! user registers with the server
by giving card data.  He can then let other businesses make debits
through the server to his account, with all the
cryptographic/authentication assurances that this can only happen when
he permits, of course.
Anybody who ever started doing this, I think there should be at first
*huge* amounts of verification, like email sent to the user asking for
confirmation of every transaction, monthly statements, ceilings, etc. But *wow* think--its all entirely doable right now!  If the banker
wanted to he could even deal with requests to open real accounts with
regular money.  But this is probably much farther off--the idea of the
server as nothing but a link to credit cards is very convenient and
more accessable, it seems to me. (The case could be made, if initially
the service was free, that no commercial service was being performed.)
Imagine being able to write programs that send mail to a server to bill
users for services. Neat!  But OOH the phreakers would have a field day
with this kind of thing if it wasn't AIRTIGHT SECURE.
* * *
Now a little transcription gift to the net. I found the following
account of the typical `hacker raid' interesting.  It comes from the
book `The Hacker Crackdown' by Bruce Sterling (1992 Bantam books). p160
 The account is mostly based on U.S. police tactics during the
Operation Sun Devil raid in the early 1990s.
A typical hacker raid goes something like this. First, police storm in
rapidly, through every entrance, with overwhelming force, in the
assumption that this tactic will keep casualties to a minimum. Second,
possible suspects are removed immediately from the vicinity of any and
all computer systems, so that they will have no chance to purge or
destroy evidence.  Suspects are herded into a room without computers,
commonly the living room, and kept under guard--not *armed* guard, for
the guns are swiftly holstered, but under guard nevertheless. They are
presented with the search warrant and warned that anything they say may
be held against them. Commonly they have a great deal to say,
especially if they are unsuspecting parents. Somewhere in the house is the `hot spot'--a computer tied to a phone
line (possibly several computers and several phones). Commonly it's a
teenager's bedroom, but it can be anywhere in the house; there may be
several such rooms. This `hot spot' is put in the carge of a two-agent
team, the `finder' and the `recorder.'  The finder is computer-trained,
commonly the case agent who actually obtained the search warrant from a
judge.  He or she understands what is being sought and actually carries
out the seizures: unplugs machines, open drawers, desks, files,
floppy-disk containers, and so on.  The recorder photographs all the
equipment, just as it stands--especially the tangle of wired
connections in the back, which can otherwise be a real nightmare to
restore.  The recorder also commonly photographs every room in the
house, lest some wily criminal claim that the plice had robbed him
during the search.  Some recorders also carry videocams or tape
recorders; however, it's more common for the recorder simply to take
written notes.  Objects are described an numbered as the finder seizes
them, general on standard preprinted police inventory forms.
Even Secret Service agents were not, and are not, expert computer
users.  They have not made, and do not make, judgments on the fly about
potential threats posed by various forms of equipment.  They may
exercise discretion, they may leave Dad his computer, for intance, but
they don't *have* to.  Standard computer crime search warrants, which
date back to the early 1980s, use a sweeping language that targets
computers, most anything attached to a computer, most anything used to
operate a computer---most anything that remotely resembles a
computer--plus most any and all written documents surrouding it. Computer-crime investigators have strongly urged agents to seize the works.

@_date: 1993-02-28 21:41:19
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: more annoying philosophizing on anonymity 
OK, I'll keep this brief. Yes, the postal service delivers anonymous
mail. Yes, you can make anonymous telephone calls using pay phones. But like all hastily construed analogies, they fail in the magnified
specifics.  The problem here is that the fragile remailers being built
right now are operated by *individual users*, while these other
services are parts of vast public infrastructures. Now, until anonymous
servers become part of the vast public infrastructure (I'll give us all
the benefit of the doubt on this one), operators will be *extremely*
vulnerable to what goes through their remailers. All this idealistic ranting about free speech is really inspiring (uhm,
occasionally) but it doesn't help people whatsoever (in fact, it
clearly is a very strong turn-off!) who want to establish remailers and
anonymous posting services *right now*.  For their sake, please switch
off the impassioned speeches for unattainable lofty heights.  (My
previous message is my own feeble gesture of penance.)  These people
will go somewhere else if they find that our ideas are hopelessly
naive, impractical, unrealistic, etc.
Somehow, I just get the feeling that people won't be quite so
uninhibited and be a bit more subdued when the first cypherpunk
operator is jailed on contempt-of-court charges for refusing to decrypt
his log/alias files, or prosecuted for destruction of evidence, or
whatever. (Or maybe this would be a call-to-arms on the level of the
Alamo or Pearl Harbor.)
Mr. Ringuette is discerning in his view that some
talking-past-each-other is going on based on issues of time frames and
assumed/hidden agendas; and that the issue is the most serious one
facing us *right now* is right on target.
Please accept some minor sacrifices in the short term for some vast
gains in the future.  I think if we take the position that some ugly
and gross mechanisms for anonymity limitations are put into place right
now, they can be training wheels that will eventually mostly be taken
off in the future, but in the meantime help to convince the world of
our `good faith' intent, and serve as practical models for future
systems. (What, you say we don't have good faith or practical systems? Maybe I'm seriously deluding *myself*.)

@_date: 1993-01-22 15:24:53
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
The Thug brings up some useful ideas of the constitution guaranteeing
the right to encryption.  The point that communication and encryption
are very similar is a very crucial idea.  However, he goes astray:
This makes it sound as if criminals will suddenly find no obstacle to
their deviant behavior with the use of cryptography, a ridiculous
assertion.  Law enforcement will be made more difficult but arguably
the government has never legitimately had the "right" to wiretap, and
law enforcement will of course will never be "obsoleted" by technology.
 We must separate the activity of spying from the activity of law
enforcement (the agencies noted are in both categories).  The former
will be perhaps "thousand orders of magnitude more difficult" but the
latter will not be significantly affected, I'd wager (most criminals
are low tech). A Murdering Thug will be caught, eventually, when he
murders somebody regardless of his use of cryptography.
BTW, it annoys me that anyone thinks that law enforcement will be made
impossible when cryptography becomes widespread.  This extreme idea is
absolutely absurd.  Definitely, it will be affected, and perhaps some
"criminals" will not be caught that once might have.  But I suspect
that the criminals perpetrating the worst crimes, the ones civilized
people find most abhorrent and heinous, will be largely unaffected. There are far better ways to improve the currently inefficient and
often ineffective law enforcement techniques than by improving
wiretapping techniques.  Its funny how totalitarian governing systems
(the logical extent of completely outlawing cryptography) often manage
to find "criminals" where previously none existed.

@_date: 1993-01-22 16:02:13
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: public privacy, NSA resources 
Some ideas on just how "public" public servants' communication is have
been raised here.
I'd like to take this a bit further. The new emerging technology of
global networking is a means for previously uninfluential citizens to
take back control of our governments.  Is it just me, or does it seem
like the US version is way out of control?  Growing uncontrollably like
a cancerous tumor?  As a citizen of this country I am vehemently irate
at public servants who use their positions and influence to thwart
their own laws (e.g. Congress is exempt from many laws it passes). There seems to be a real undercurrent of stonewalling everywhere, and
the insideous attitude that the public is not who you serve, but who
you mislead to get more money or power.  Why shouldn't every budget of
every federal agency be public knowledge?  I could see where MY TAX
MONEY is being spent.  Why shouldn't I be able to determine what any
given US public official (elected or unelected) is doing on a given
day?  What a given agency is accomplishing?  Because its impractical? Because it's not my business?  HAH!  It is not only practical, but will
eventually happen.  Imagine if all this information were stored in a
single unified public database...!  As accessable as a library book? Imagine the horrors we would uncover!  (Interesting: technology will
greater polarize the distinctions of "public" and "private" information.)
The possibility of greater control over tax money is here too.  Some
presidential candidate (I forget who, Perot?) suggested having a box on
the tax form that would allow constituents to direct money directly to
the federal deficit.  Of course, in today's atmosphere of complete
fiscal irresponsibility and obfuscation such an idea is completely
meaningless. But in the government of tomorrow, we will have must
broader control over directing where our tax money will go.  Imagine
that I was required to spend a certain amount of money on government
services (my total taxes) but that I could redirect the actual amounts
to agencies (in broad categories) that serve me best.  Suppose that
even *private companies* could compete for this money on my tax form! It would almost be as if the federal government didn't even exist--our
government would be nothing but a method of reallocating money in the
most efficient way possible.  (Hm, I think I'll give $0.001 to the NSA
this year, hehe.)
Regarding inefficiency, note the sheer obstacles that "whistleblowers"
encounter in our government. Most are lucky to just be demoted.  Others
are harassed and threatened and fired, or worse.  All this for
potentially saving money and making an organization more efficient!  We
need to elevate the whistleblower to heroic status, and encourage every
member of the US population to be one if possible.  I'm not advocating
paranoia or violent revolution, just that we increase our vigilance by
increasingly exercising our rightful control with the aid of fresh
technological developments.
- - -
40,000?  Is this for real? Does anyone know how this would compare to
FBI or CIA?  Also, does anyone have a clue on the black budget?  The
author seems to hint here that while it is not "readily discernible" it
might be inferrable.
There were a lot of files maintained by the FBI on suspected communists
during the McCarthy era.  I wonder what delicious little morsels have
been squirreled away in the bowels of our massive behemoth?  Esp. with
the scarily massive capabilities of archival possible with today's
storage technologies...

@_date: 1993-01-23 16:24:21
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: public privacy, NSA resources 
Extremely interesting. What  does NCSC stand for?
I am doubtful of the 40,000 figure even with contract employees. That's
a small army. What the hell could keep that many people busy? (shudder)
Do you know much about MITRE?  It has a high net profile and I was
wondering if it is a cover for something else too.

@_date: 1993-01-25 13:20:00
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: anonymous server compilation? 
Hello. To my knowledge no public listing of known anonymous servers has
been compiled.  I'd like to start one.  This could possibly turn into a
FAQ if response is good.  I will put in this newbie-type introductory
information at the end of this document for review.  Please help me
improve this by sending constructive/informative feedback, esp.
sections flagged with (?).  This all is very weak right now but with
your help it could become very thorough and valuable.
no info (?). given to me by dclunie at pax.tpa.com.au
no info (?).  given to me by tcmay at netcom.com
Anonymity and Identity on the Internet
Generally, identity is amorphous and almost nonexistent on the Internet
for a variety of reasons.  One is the inherent fluidity of "cyberspace"
where people emerge and submerge frequently, and absences are not
readily noted in the "community".  You currently do not really have any
great assurance that the messages you get in mail and the messages you
see on USENET are from the people they appear to be from, nor do others
have of you.  Be careful not to be led astray; gullibility is perhaps
the greatest crime here, and skepticism the most useful virtue. Neither are there currently good assurances of privacy in your personal
email, and cases where it has been compromised are not uncommon.  New
encryption technologies are slowly gaining acceptance and penetration
into systems that make possible digital encryption and authentication
that will make the systems more trustworthy.  These can also protect
your identity and privacy by offering anonymous posting and mailing capabilities.
USENET is a worldwide decentralized news distribution system, adhering
to Internet standards described in RFC977 (?).
The characters that you are reading are almost certainly encoded in
ASCII, the American Standard Code for Information Interchange that maps
alphabetic and symbolic characters onto numeric codes and vice versa. Virtually every computer system uses this code, and if not, has ways of
converting to and from it.  When you write a mail message, it is being
sent in ASCII, and since the standard is virtually universal, there is
no intrinsic privacy.  Anyone with access to hardware involved in
forwarding the message can theoretically read it.
Internet mail standards, described in RFC (?), are still evolving
rapidly and not entirely orderly.  For example, standards for mail
address `munging' or `parsing' tend to vary slightly between sites and
frequently mean the difference between finding addresses and bouncing
mail.  New standards are calling for uniform introduction of "privacy
enhanced mail" (PEM) which uses encryption technologies to ensure
privacy.  The current internet mailing protocol is slightly
anachronistic in that it was created when the system was somewhat
obscure and not widespread, with only a fraction of the traffic it now
sees.  Today about (?) of internet traffic is mail, comprising about
(?) messages.  (Source: (?))
A person's mailing address is far from an identification of an
individual.  First, anyone with access to the account, e.g. they know
the password, either legitimately or otherwise, can send mail with that
address in the From: line.  Secondly, as part of current mailing
protocol standards, forging the From: line is a fairly trivial
operation for many hackers.  Much less forgable is the status and path
information prepended to messages by intermediate hosts.
Note that bounced messages go to postmasters at a given site in their
entirety.  This means that if you address mail with an incorrect
address it has a good chance of being seen by a human other than the recipient.
Theoretically people at any site in the chain of sites that forwards a
given mail message over the Internet (about a half-dozen (?) on
average, depending on the distances) could potentially compromise the
privacy of that message and read it.  In practice, this appears to be
rare or unheard of.  Something more common is instances of immature and
unscrupulous system operators reading private mail at a local site,
such as a university.  The requirements and screening for getting a
system administration job (and access to *all* information on a system)
vary widely between sites and are sometimes frighteningly lax.
ANONYMOUS MAILING
Some people find it useful to send anonymous mail to others.  Examples
of this include (?).  Here the distinction should be made between sort
of "hit and run" mail, where the sender does not want to carry on any
further communication, and anonymized mail, where the recipient can
respond but has no idea of the sender or origination of a message.  The
servers listed above allow for the latter type of communication.  The
former type is now largely confined to hackers who find it convenient
for scurrilous threats or whatever, but probably has legitimate uses as
well (?).  Another category is people who want to appear to have
regular but not traceable appearances, i.e. the userid and site
origination do not obviously flag their mail as anonymous.
Unfortunately, no set of standards is in place to handle the procedures
for anonymous posting.  Typically the approach is to set up an
"anonymous server" that, when activated by email to its address,
responds by allocating and supplying an "anonymous ID" that is unique
to the person requesting it (based on his email address).  This will
vary for the same person for different machine address email
originations.  To send anonymous mail, the user sends email directed to
the server containing the final destination. The server "anonymizes"
the message by stripping of identification information and forwards the
message, which appears to originate from the anonymous server only from
the corresponding anonymous user id.

@_date: 1993-01-29 10:41:07
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Is this true??? 
This is not a constructive comment. What is your evidence that it is
false?  We should dissect the claims.
This kind of stuff seems to happen whether there are laws sanctioning
it or not, but does anyone know what law is being referenced?
On a general note, what would tend to validate/rebut the claim?  First
of all, the simple feasibility of such an operation must be called into
question.  There is a tremendous amount of data going over modems on
public telephone lines.  What is the chance that even a small fraction
could be monitored? (And an even more infinitesmal fraction archived.) The claim has appeared here before that it is "trivial" for a
government agency to scan for interesting keywords and sort the data
based on that.  But I think that even that would lead to loads of
irrelevant crap and require an army of intelligence agents to sort. Where is this army?
Also, the claims in the letter are referring to public telephone
networks.  Would this include all the networks comprising the Internet?
 If so, this multiplies the data volume immensely.  How could anyone
find anything useful in these massive streams?  Granted, *very*
sensitive information is probably contained within it, but how the heck
could it be found efficiently?
These claims that credit ratings are influenced by this secret
information are rather questionable.  What is the path from the
decision to mark a record with a black mark to the private companies
like TRW that record this?  Which clients or sources of TRW or whatever
are specifically those that monitor secret information?  What exactly
does he mean, "your credit rating is affected by your modem usage?"
If anyone could refute or demonstrate the actual meaning of HN06443 and
87AT4 codes on credit reports (I've never seen a report or these
codes), this would be a specific item to discredit, which would call
into question the whole of the claims.
Regarding the claim that one major monitoring hub is code named
"elizabeth" in Boulder Colorado.  There is a government standards
agency there, if I am not mistaken, I forget if it is NIST (?).  Also,
the National Center for Oceanic Research, which has very tremendous
computing power (e.g. Cray YMP) is there also.  In their tours they
show massive archival storage areas, which they say record major
amounts of global atmospheric data (e.g. temperatures, wind currents
etc.) collected from satellites.  These could conceivably be in part
"covers" but the idea is also rather unimaginable.  Can anybody report
on agencies in the areas cited?  There is the very specific claim of a
carrier in Columbus Ohio.
I propose that cypherpunks list be a central reporting place for what
might be called "public counter spies" who report on the illicit
activities of our governments.  Its already largely in that area.  If
we get enough expertise, nonradicals, and infiltrators here we may be
able to get better ideas of what the heck NSA really is doing, what
kind of monitoring is really going on, what kind of cryptographic
techniques can really be broken, etc.

@_date: 1993-07-05 21:47:13
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: (fwd) GIFs--Now it can be told 
or `if we don't police ourselves, then somebody else will do it for us,
and we don't want that'.
boy, all I can say is that you sure have a lot of chutzpah doing
something like this, but it does definitely make a fascinating
Gedanken. I especially appreciate your cogent description & analysis of
the grey areas without which the whole thing would have been pointless,
but with it make superb social commentary.

@_date: 1993-07-09 00:12:53
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: `ad hominem' ad nauseam 
I'd like to respond to a few introspective cypherpunkesque notes by P.
Farrell and T.C. May.  I've considered the general attitudes toward
e.g. Denning and Sternlight seriously, particularly my own.  I freely
admit to banging out scathing verbiage on behalf of both here and
elsewhere and critical reactions both publicly and privately.
First, a general observation. It strikes me that many have not
recognized the true meaning of `ad hominem' in their casual and
careless use of it (perhaps even it is the only Latin term known to
some tossing it about because of its frequent appearance in
cyberspatial flame wars). I think it has taken a new meaning on the net
to be something like `making someone look like a fool'.  By my view, it
means *calling* someone a fool completely without justification (e.g.
attacking irrelevent aspects of their reputation).  However,
devastating their flimsy arguments and false beliefs to the point they
*look* like a fool is not an ad hominem attack.  Perhaps I will be
accused of splitting fibers but I think the distinction is transparent.
First, I will not argue that ad hominem or vicious attacks are
warranted. However, they are there because they are *motivated* by
tangible reasons that you fail to address. Let's look at each case:
[D. Denning]
First, it is not clear why Denning doggedly pursues the key escrow
scheme and advocation of Clipper, and she has never expressed any
conceivable reason. Your invention of `strong belief' is nothing but
pure speculation and in the glaring lack of any statements on the
subject by her, not any superior in plausibility than attributions of
black machinations by others.  Yet, on the other hand, virtually
everyone who is (admittedly) equally dogmatically opposed to Clipper
supplies a continuous torrent of personal motivations, anecdotes, and
background for their characteristic position and drive. D. Denning once
volunteered some weak statistics on wiretapping a long time ago but has
long since abandoned them.  Others suggested they showed to the
contrary that wiretapping did not have a socially significant effect
despite severe compromises and sacrifices to institute it.
Again, you are postulating hypothetical motivations. You supply no
direct evidence for your claims whatsoever, despite very disturbing
evidence to the contrary (PGP hassling, DSA scheming, patent-mongering,
laywer-breeding, etc.).  As for the PGP case you cite, why has it taken
years for him to reverse the companies well-known belligerence despite
overtures by PRZ? Probably because of strong public pressure and PR
opportunism, IMHO. I don't claim my opinion is correct, but I do claim
that it is most plausible in light of all the data.
This was a bit confusing to me to hear Mr. May first criticize imputing
motives, and then to say that `Denning is for various reasons
hopelessly in the camp of the NSA and FBI'.  What are her various
reasons for her bizarre lone intransigence?  The whole *point* is that
these reasons are unclear, and most of the `endless comments about the
motives' by others are actually encouraging bait for those parties to
publicly `come clean' with their associations and affiliations.  These
people's actions are completely baffling from our own point of view and
troubling in light of other hazy but discernable ulterior
trend-patterns. What is their version of reality? Particularly with
Denning and Bidzos their public comments on their motivations, despite
the sheer strangeness of it all, are essentially nonexistent.
I must admit a bit of frustration and annoyance (to say the least) with
T.C. May's habitual tendency to don rosy glasses in viewing the actions
of Denning and Bidzos and others (speaking in spineless psychoanalytic
babble like `cognitive dissonance'), seemingly reflecting a continual
forebearance and willingness to grant them `the benefit of the doubt'
despite increasingly sinister evidence of motives to the contrary.
Denning, in particular, has explicitly claimed no knowledge of Clipper
despite her uncannily prescient proposals (she was the *first* to
propose the `split key' idea on sci.crypt in an infamous `Copper
Balloon' message).  Bidzos appears to me to be playing different
cyberpunks against each other and making lame statements such as that
the DSS arrangement is completely sensible and rational despite the
historical convolutions preceding it.  We are dealing with people who
are failing to level with us at best and tricking and deceiving us at
worst, and the `demonizing' represents our desperation.  To the
contrary, it is attribution of their motives to `socializing' and
`support' from their `peer group' that dangerously trivializes,
underestimates, misjudges them.
As the sci.crypt melee you valiantly instigated dramatically proves,
dialogue has so far been completely useless. Despite the most critical
reception possible to the idea of key escrow about 6 months before the
release of Clipper, no modification of the plan was apparent.  D.
Denning may as well be a brick wall when it comes to rational
consideration of opposing viewpoints on the subject (which she
conveniently delegates to others to explore).  She simply will not
budge from her basic premise that key-escrow is wholly desirable and
necessary.  In short, at present we have an impasse, not `dialogue'. Furthermore, it is precisely in scathingly criticizing opponents that
we encourage others *not* to underestimate these people and their
dangerous ideas.  That is the point: all of Denning, Bidzos, and
Sternlight are too intelligent to write of as `stooges or dunces' and
something more `intentional' and `systematic' is more likely.  That is
what is so alarming.
While I've never done this, it is futile for you to request otherwise. This is one of the most colorful aspects of Usenet. Nothing is sacred
in cyberspace. Professional academicians will get ruthlessly ridiculed
or humiliated like anyone else if they doggedly advocate feeble ideas
through deluded arguments.  They are just another email address and
bursting bit pattern in the ultimate egaltarianocracy.  Who can escape
or transcend the glare of multitudinous eyes glued on a computer screen?

@_date: 1993-07-09 00:24:42
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Clipper committee: open meetings required by law? 
Subject: Clipper review committee must hold open meetings, etc!
 Date: Tue, 06 Jul 93 15:48:18 -0700
 From: gnu at cygnus.com
According to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 USC app. 2), the
panel of cryptographers who are reviewing the Skipjack algorithm
qualify as an advisory committee, and must hold open meetings,
announce the location and duration of meetings, make transcripts
available under FOIA, etc.
        5 U.S.C app. 2 (sec. 3) (2) The term "advisory committee"
        means any committee, board, commission, council, conference,
        panel, task force, or other similar group, or any subcommittee
        or other subgroup thereof (hereafter in this paragraph
        referred to as "committee"), which is:
                (A) established by statute or reorganization plan, or
                (B) established or utilized by the President, or
                (C) established or utilized by one or more agencies,
        in the interest of obtaining advice or recommendations for
        the President or one or more agencies or officers of the
        Federal Government, except that such term excludes (i) the
        Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations, (ii) the
        Commission on Government Procurement, and (iii) any committee
        which is composed wholly of full-time officers or employees of
        the Federal Government.
        (3)  The term "agency" has the same meaning as in section
        551(1) of Title 5.
        (sec 10) (a) (1) Each advisory committee meeting shall be open
            to the public.
            (2) Except when the President tdetermines otherwise for
            reasons of national security, timely notice of each such
            meeting shall be published in the Federal Registers, and the
            Administrator shall proescribe regulations to provide for
            other types of public notice to insure that all interested
            persons are notified of such meeting prior thereto.
[Administrator = Administrator of General Services]
            (3)  Interested persons shall be permitted to attend, appear
            before, or file statements with any advisory committee,
            subject to such reasonable rules or regulations as the
            Administrator may prescribe.
        (b)  Subject to section 552 of Title 5, United States Code
        [the FOIA], the records, reports, transcripts, minutes,
        appendixes, working papers, drafts, studies, agenda, or other
        documents which were made available to or prepared for or by
        each advisory committee shall be available for public
        inspection and copying at a single location in the offices of
        the advisory committee or the agency to which the advisory
        committee reports until the advisory committee ceases to
        exist.
        (c)  Detailed minutes of each meeting...shall be kept...
        (d)  Subsections (a)(1) and (a)(3) of this section shall not
        apply to any portion of an advisory committee meeting where
        the President, or the head of the agency to which the
        advisory committee reports, determines that such portion of
        such meeting may be closed to the public in accordance with
        subsection (c) of section 552b of Title 5, United States Code
        [the Government in the Sunshine Act].  Any such determination
        shall be in writing and shall contain the reasons for such
        determination... [This lets them close portions of the meeting that are classified.
But they must hold an open meeting anytime their discussion is not
classified.  And they must vote publicly about what portions of the
meeting to close.]
        (sec 11) (a)  Except where prohibited by contractural
        agreements entered into prior to the effective date of this
        Act, agencies and advisory committees shall make available to
        any person, at actual cost of duplication, copies of
        transcripts of agency proceedings or advisory committee
        meetings.
Read over the whole act (it's in the annual Justice Dept. "FOIA Case
List" publication) and then let's find out whether NIST is following the
rules here...
The Sept 91 case list has about 40 FACA cases listed.  The recent
controversy over Hilary's health care advisory task force is also an
FACA case.
Thanks to Whit Diffie for thinking of this.
        John
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-07-09 00:28:40
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Phiber Optik pleads guilty 
The following appears on Newsbytes today. Newsbytes is a copyrighted
commercial service which appears on GEnie, Compuserve, America OnLine,
Newsnet, DIALOG, Clarinet and other networks. This story is posted here
with the permission of the authors.
Phiber Optik Pleads Guilty 07/06/93 NEW YORK, NEW YORK, U.S.A., 1993 JUL 6
(NB) -- Mark Abene, better known throughout the computer world by the
hacker handle "Phiber Optik," plead guilty on July 2 in Federal Court to
felony charges of conspiracy and unauthorized access to computers. Abene
had been due to go to trial on these counts today. The plea by Abene, entered before Judge Louis Stanton in the Southern District
of New York, admitted intrusion into computers owned by NYNEX, BellSouth, and
Southwestern Bell. In his statement, Abene said that he had, in his actions,
"never tried to damage any computer systems and, to my knowledge, I never
have." In the course of the proceedings, Judge Stanton asked Abene a series of
questions including: whether he understood the charges; whether he
realized that, by pleading guilty to felony charges, he was exposing
himself to possible loss of civil liberties such as the right to vote, sit
on jury or hold public office; whether he realized that he could face a
maximum sentence of 10 years imprisonment and a maximum fine of $500,000;
whether he understood that he could be required to make restitution for
damages; and whether he was satisfied that he had received adequate legal
counsel. He replied yes to all the above, but no to the question of
whether he had been threatened or coerced by the United States Attorney's
office to change his plea. Following the questioning, the judge asked Abene to say what he did. Abene
responded by admitting that he had conspired with others to gain access to
various computer systems, including those belonging NYNEX, BellSouth and
Southwestern Bell; he had intercepted data on networks belonging to
British Telcom and Tymnet; and that he had misrepresented himself to
employees of phone companies to gain access to their systems. It was
during these admissions that Abene said that he had never, to his
knowledge, damaged any systems. At the end of Abene's statement, Assistant US Attorney Fishbein stated that
Abene had fraudulently used computer accounts at New York University to access
the remote computer systems. When asked by the judge to confirm Fishbein's
assertion, Abene did. Judge Stanton then stated, "Mr. Abene is fully competent to make an informed
plea in this case. He is knowledgeable of the charges against him and is aware
of the possible consequences. I accept his guilty pleas." Judge Stanton then set sentencing for 9:30AM Wednesday, November 3rd. He asked
Abene's attorney, Paul Ruskin, to insure that he do everything possible to
cooperate with the probation staff in its development of a background of Abene
for the sentencing procedure. Abene was then released on his own
recognizance. Abene, together with Elias Ladopoulpos, a/k/a "Acid Phreak;" Paul Stira,
"Scorpion;" John Lee, "Corrupt;" and Julio Fernandez, "Outlaw," were
indicted on July 8, 1992. Ladopulous, Stira, Lee, and Fernandez previously
plead guilty to charges relating to the indictment. Lee, the only one
sentenced to date, has received a year and a day. Stira and Ladopoulos are
scheduled for sentencing on July 23. In a prepared statement after court adjournment, United States Attorney
Mary Jo White said that the investigation leading to the indictment was
performed jointly by the United Secret Service and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. She praised both the Secret Service and FBI and thanked the
Department of Justice Computer Crime Unit for "their important assistance
in the investigation."
Ruskin, Abene's attorney, told Newsbytes, "My personal opinion is that
Mark has outgrown the phase in his life in which he performed the
activities to which he confessed. He wants to use his considerable
computer talents in manners that will be productive to society."
Fishbein told Newsbytes, "The government is satisfied with the successful end
to an important case. We hope that other people involved in illegal computer
activities recognize that the Federal Government takes these cases very
seriously." (Barbara E. McMullen & John F. McMullen/19930706) John F. McMullen           mcmullen at mindvox.phantom.com    Consultant,
knxd at maristb.bitnet        mcmullen at well.sf.ca.us            Writer,
70210.172 at compuserve.com   mcmullen at panix.com                 Student,
GEnie - nb.nyc             mcmullen at eff.org                     Teacher
Comments: Organization: [Phantom Access] / the MindVox system
I received this from Mark and, with his permission, am sending it to you
in the hope that you might write something.
Return-Path: Received: from panix.com by mindvox.phantom.com with smtp
        (Smail3.1.28.1  id m0oDIjD-0009STC; Tue, 6 Jul 93 15:30 EDT
Received: by panix.com id AA14749
  (5.65c/IDA-1.4.4 for mcmullen); Tue, 6 Jul 1993 15:25:42 -0400
Friends and fellow netters:
        I regret to inform you all that after much stress and anxiety, I
decided the risk of loss to be too great, and have accepted a guilty plea
in my case.  All things considered, it seemed the only thing to do in order
to avoid the possibility of a much harsher sentence in the event things did
not go well during trial.  I entered my plea on Friday, July 2nd, and am to
be sentenced this November.
        I'm sending this letter to those who were under consideration for
testifying in my favor as character/expert witnesses, and I would greatly
appreciate if you could put together letters of recommendation attesting
to my character.  These letters would be considered by the judge and the
probation department and would help me in my review for sentencing. If there are any questions, feel free to reply, or you can contact my lawyers,
Paul Ruskin and Carl Hartmann, at 212/223-3330.
Thank you,
- -Mark.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-07-12 21:38:05
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: State Dept. shuts down DEC machine 
A very hot topic (and one of my favorites to track) on this list is the
shutting down of various sites due to various factors. I'd be
interested in hearing more of the BBS shutdown cases here, which are
oft-rumored on Internet but rarely discussed authoritatively. Anyway,
here's some strange actions by the State Dept. in shutting down a DEC
FTP site. I wonder if this was *after* that little DES FTP retrieval
demonstration before congress--did  that give some people ideas?
Anyway, this is disturbing, and the question always is `is this an
isolated action or a trend emerging'--if hostility reaches the people
who are responsible they are unlikely to do it again; even ivory tower
bureacrats have a large CYA instinct (that's how they get there and stay there).
Note that this was NOT the DECWRL machine but another at DEC.
DEC was the first company to put up one of their machines on the
Internet so that people could log in and port their (free or
commercial) software to it.  This is a great idea, which I'm
encouraging others to emulate.  But the government objects...
The machine was called axposf (AXP is the model, OSF is the operating
system) .pa.dec.com (in the Palo Alto office of the DEC computer
company).  Anyone could connect to it over the Internet, using a standard
protocol (telnet), and type to it, as if they were sitting at its console.
This was WONDERFUL for people who are working on software.  The AXP is
a new "64-bit" machine, and most software will need at least minor revisions
to accomodate it.  But most software authors and companies won't immediately
buy an AXP.  Making one available for casual use on the Internet means that
much more software would appear on the AXP sooner.
The State Dept. regulates "remote access to computers" as equivalent
to "export of computers".  I shudder to think what would happen if
they discovered that ordinary email can invoke processing remotely.
Unfortunately, the machine is at DEC, which is gunshy about export
problems, after getting a multimillion dollar fine (which I don't think
they ever challenged in court) because some customer trans-shipped a
Vax to Eastern Europe in the '70s.  A more modern company might simply
tell the State Dept. to shove it, and beat them in court over the
unconstitutionality of the export laws.  Are they seriously telling us
that we can't put a public access machine on the Internet?  Can we attach
phone lines to it instead?  If not, a few thousand BBS's running on fast machines are violating export laws...  If so, what is the specific
difference between the Internet and a phone line, that lets a company
distinguish a legal act of commerce or communication from an illegal act
of export?
John, can you make sure the Congressional committees hear about this?
As far as I know, they are still not on email.
        John Gilmore
------- Forwarded Message
...  I helped set up axposf.pa.dec.com before I left DECWRL, and I know that
the U. S. State Department demanded that it be shut down since there were no
access controls to prevent foreign nationals (even those we are not friendly
with right now, e.g., Iraq) from telnetting in and getting access.  Since the
DEC Alpha machines fit the legal description of "supercomputer", this access
amounts to "exporting munitions" even though the hardware doesn't move and the
crypt(3) sources aren't online.  Anyway the service is down right now and the
relevant folks at DECWRL and DECNSL are working hard to get it back up again
but meanwhile there are no guest DEC Alpha ("AXP") machines on the Internet
just now.
        [gw:i386] telnet axposf.pa.dec.com
        Trying 16.1.0.14...
        Connected to axposf.pa.dec.com.
        Escape character is '^]'.
        OSF/1 (axposf.pa.dec.com) (ttyp1)
        login: axpguest
        Password:
        Login incorrect
        login: Connection closed by foreign host.
        [gw:i386] date
        Wed Jul  7 02:00:08 PDT 1993

@_date: 1993-07-15 00:27:05
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: reaction to Infoworld NIST/NSA queries 
This is very interesting information, because it is extremely current
and represents the first direct reactions by the behind-the-scenes
authorities on some crucial aspects of Clipper and its scalding reception.
Note in the answer to `has acrimony lessened the government commitment'
the feeble whimpering ultimately falls back on the aspect that it is
voluntary. Ah, the last refuge of these scoundrels! If there are any
plans to restrict or limit domestic cryptography, the policy-makers
(and I use the term loosely) are painting themselves into a corner. If
the only redeeming feature of Clipper is that it is voluntary, then
anything less is wholly unredeeming! But again, the text conspicuously
does not rule out that option.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this is the first time I've seen any
official indication of this requirement to `destroy keys after
surveillance' -- this *is* clearly an extremely serious weakness with
the scheme, and I don't use past tense there because this lip service
doesn't remedy it in the least. However, we can take consolation: it
appears there have been direct responses to the criticisms of the key
escrow aspects. In fact, they appear to have the key-escrow issues
thought out to the least (hence my very uneasy suspicions), were
surprised by the focused critical analysis, and have been consistently
attempting to strengthen the `baroque activities in a vault' (as one
esteemed cypherpunk put it). The attempts look a little bit like
desperate scramblings to me. They still don't have a clue on the escrow agencies!
`superb'? hee, hee. First claim of security outside of the `superior to
many other schemes on the market' weasel quote in the announcement.
This sounds like vintage Sternlight.
here they appear to be directly suggesting that they will *not* attempt
domestic cryptographic restriction. (?)
This little FIPS thing (Federal Information Processing Standard) is
clearly very important to all the Clipper conspirators right now
(Bidzos is plugging it too, and it was in the PKP-NSA-DSA patent
agreement announcement). Is there some way to sabotage the FIPS
process? Cypherpunks, this is a critical window.
wow, I don't recall seeing that before.
they plug the `voluntary' bit so much here you'd think they're talking
about Bush's Thousand Points of Light.
hee, hee. They can't even keep up with *current* requirements. The
chips last for an astonishingly durable 2 days. (Actually, with Clipper
this is a very attractive feature!)
wow. At first I thought this was a typo and the statement was supposed
to be `does not mean it is *in*appropriate'.  `when requested and
appropriate'? Good lord, is this the NSA talking or did they have the
day off? Maybe they actually understand they have no domestic legal
regulatory standing whatsoever.

@_date: 1993-07-15 00:40:54
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Clip the Clipper Consortium 
This is an AP news release on the industry rumblings we've been hearing
about. Novell, AT&T, Citicorp, Hughes Aircraft, Motorola? European
Community? British Ministry of Defense? ye gads! (Does GCHQ know about
this? Maybe they're not into jumping off bridges like their friend NSA.)
[anonymous `White House' Clipper sympathizer]
hee, hee. Sounds like a hardware engineer in a competing cryptography
company. These people simultaneously reside in the U.S. government and
Fantasy Land. (Don't you just love that `we're giving this thorough
evaluation' phrase? with Clipper it was `hm, what can we actually get
away with?' here it's a euphemism for `what the hell are we going to do?')
The 64k question of course: what's the CCC algorithm?
p.s. if anyone could pass on the Markoff NYT article on the same please post it.
Group To Set Rules For Computer Encoding<
           NEW YORK (AP) _ Novell Inc., the leader in network software for
corporate computer systems, is set to reveal plans for protecting
information stored in computers or transmitted over networks,
according to a published report.
           Novell, leading an international industry group, was to make the
announcement in New York on Wednesday, The New York Times reported
           The announcement was seen as an indirect challenge to the
Clinton Administration's effort to impose a national encoding
standard for computer and telephone communications, the newspaper
           The other companies involved are AT&T, Computer Associates,
Citicorp, Hughes Aircraft, Motorola and smaller firms specializing
in data security.
           Representatives from the European Community standard setting
committee and the British Ministry of Defense were also to
participate in the announcement.
           Computer and communications companies, as well as corporate
users of information technology, are worried about the government's
plan, which would enable it to use wiretaps with a court's
authorization, the newspaper said.
           But an unidentified White House official told the Times that the
administration could live with the move.
           ``I think this won't drive us crazy,'' the official said.
``We'll look at this and evaluate it on its technical merits.''
           The government can influence the use of communications encoding
standards by controlling what types of hardware and software that
companies can export, but it has no legal means of imposing its own
standard or of blocking the development of an industry standard.

@_date: 1993-07-16 21:38:15
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Crypto Conference from Hell 
Dr. David P. Maher, Chief Scientist for AT&T Secure Communications      Systems, AT&T
wow, is this guy a cypherpunk? Gad, this is really mainstream. NYT,
Newsweek, SciAm, and now a cryptographic conference *with* the NSA! We've hit the big time.  (Oops, he's from AT&T.)
YIKES, the fireworks are going to fly at this one. CSSPAB (NIST), EFF,
NSA, FBI, SPA all in the same room at the same time. I sure hope
there'll be transcripts of this one. It would sure beat all that
Congressional testimony by far for rancor per bit! Cryptography meeting of the year?

@_date: 1993-07-20 22:24:28
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: FBI credit record inquiry proposal 
Gosh, weren't we just talking about the suspension of requirement for
warrants in cases of `national security'? Below the FBI is posturing to
get access to credit records of `spies and terrorists' by writing only
a letter instead of the currently required warrant.
The FBI really scares me with the nonchalance and finesse with which
they keep introducing these unpleasant bills into Congress.
Newsgroups: alt.privacy
Sender: news at netnews.upenn.edu
Followup-To: alt.privacy
Organization: /etc/organization
Lines: 14
Nntp-Posting-Host: sol1.lrsm.upenn.edu
On page 7 of today's New York Times (_Saturday_, July 17) there is
a short article about the nation's inflated intelligence budget.
Buried in the article are two paragraphs describing another section of
the intelligence funding bill.  Tacked onto the bill is a provision to
allow the FBI to access the credit records of suspected "spies and
terrorists" by writing a letter rather than getting a search warrant
or other court order.
Your credit card bills and mortgage payments are rapidly becoming
police information.
- - --Peter (kaplan at sol1.lrsm.upenn.edu)

@_date: 1993-07-20 23:09:28
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Anonymous server encryption 
faust at cd.chalmers.se brings up some interesting points about remailer
encryption, suggesting the capability to re-encrypt a message at the
remailer point instead of a-prior by the sender. This was proposed to
allow replies to a anonymous user to be encrypted using that user's
public key, avoiding the problem of the final message being transmitted
in cleartext.
The sophisticated server run by D. Clunie around December for a few
months allowed exactly this basic and valuable capability, and so far
has been unmatched. In his system the user sent messages to the server
encoded by the server's public key. Replies to the user through the
server were first encrypted with that user's public key before being
transmitted. This means that security at the remailer-to-`nym' is
protected even if respondents do not encode their messages first. Despite being fairly simple to implement (esp. with the availability of
PGP) this is not yet available on anon.penet.fi. J. Helsingius has
repeatedly reaffirmed his intent to put the feature in a New & Improved
Mark II server due sometime in the fall.
I've also suggested some improvements to anonymous servers. In
particular, I would like to see a sophisticated `nym-management' scheme
whereby the user can allocate, redirect, and deallocate addresses at
will. Such flexibility and versatility allows many other neat
unforeseen uses of the anonymous server. For example, many sysadmins
are in the habit of creating new email ID's for each new query posted
on Usenet to aid in organizing simultaneous queries. With
nym-management a user could do this as well. The user could also
receive mailing lists at different addresses. This would be useful
under a very radical new capability: local archives. In fact, the
transition from anonymous servers to personal rented file spaces may be
automatic and seamless in the future.
Unfortunately, while there's been a modest proliferation of cypherpunk
remailers, and quite a bit of general interest (the recent summer
Usenix anonymity conference was attended by a few hundred, see
comp.org.usenix), the only server allowing anonymous responses is still
Helsingius's anon.penet.fi. (I've not heard a lot about Kleinpaste's.)
It seems to me this is an extreme weakness in cyberspace at the moment.
When his server went down recently for a few days (from 90 degree
weather, damage to the system board) many people were `stranded'. In
fact, the only link between a lot of people and their correspondents is
that server and its nym-to-address database mapping file, and if
anything happened to either many would be disconsolate at minimum.
I suspect operators are reluctant to run a `full-fledged' anonymous
server because of all the cyberspatial politics & hassle involved for
virtually no personal benefit and serious drain on personal time,
finances, and cycles. When someone sets up an FTP site they at least
are creating a sort of personal library and BBS for perusal. But the
anonymous server operator actually is ethically restricted from
completely perusing the data spawned by his creation. Hopefully the
field will change when there are economic incentives to run an
anonymous server. For now we will have to rely on selfless heroes and
paternalistic voyeurs. I'll leave it to the reader to sort them out.

@_date: 1993-07-21 00:15:45
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Weaver/BATF trial 
The Washington Post portrayal posted courtesy of P. Ferguson is beyond
deeply disturbing, and borders on the horrifyingly shocking.
Particularly the sniper aim on Weaver's wife--around her children!--I
found brutally, heinously barbarian. One wonders if law enforcement is
composed of responsible servants or maurading mercenaries. I'm really
stunned not to see any reaction in the popular press so far to this
editorial, but I suspect it won't sow ripples but hurtle shearing
shockwaves through the media for years to come.
However, perhaps just a few weeks have passed since T.C. May admonished
and chastised various members for `demonizing' opponents, and then
posts a few statements as follows (the sheer bluntness reminds me of
the long-dead cries of Murderous Thug on this list, and I feel
compelled to respond by blunting the mad, chaotic, rambling, and
unfocused shooting):
Killing justified? Gestapo-like band of secret police? Yeeks. First of
all, please resist the temptation to tar a vast number of law
enforcement agents with the same brush under the polarizing heading
`they'. It is more dangerous to see enemies everywhere than only
somewhere (hm, I think the inspiration for that quote came from your
own words). Unless they all showed up at an annual Loot & Pillage
Conference and traded techniques and swapped success stories, my
suspicions wouldn't be aroused.  But as it stands your paragraph starts
out with the explosion of `Gestapo band of secret police' and ends with
a limp whine of `without bothering to do their homework'.
As it stands, there is actually a bit of hostility between different
law enforcement branches (best documented, I think, in Hacker Crackdown
by Sterling, as in FBI vs. local police forces). This animosity
prevents the various groups from wholeheartedly colluding, for which we
can be ecstatically thankful for. Yes, the individual agencies are
extremely dangerous in some of their recent actions, but this is more
adequately explained in terms of local stupidity and imperialism than
global malice and conspiracy.  Ah, but the most dangerous call comes next:
Uhm, I think if law enforcement officials were at all alarmed by our
presence we would have encountered rather obvious signs by now. But
look how little interference has been erected in front of
cypherpunkesque adventurism. Cypherpunk remailers have only gone down
for extremely mundane reasons.  A rather feeble letter was sent to the
operator of soda.berkeley.edu suggesting in the most delicate terms
that something might be amiss (for which there was great ensuing
fireworks, our nervous-edgy heavy barrage of artillery and cannons
aimed at a wandering rabbit).  *Nothing* has come of the Mycotronx
postings like a Tianamen Square tank-rolling clampdown massacre
response by the Establishment. We don't even have the whimper of a
single misguided officer pursuing a lone local vigilante justice
revenge power trip. We got spectacular coverage in Wired and the New
York Times and not even a sneeze from a real red-blooded shifty-eyed Enemy in Black.
The `Feds' are actually numerous and disparate agencies, have created
their own realities that they live in, and so far have almost,
apparently, *completely* ignored the Cacaphony of the Cypherpunks.
I believe the situation is that the pillars we are targeting most
directly (e.g. the NSA, FBI) are precisely those that are most limited
in meeting and engaging us on our terms of warfare of a
public-relations campaign. When they say anything in the media they
sound absolutely ridiculous -- the FBI with their `a lot of dead bodies
lying around' and `cryptography as nitroglycerin,' Denning's `I'm not
sure if people should be informed' come to mind.  Their clandestine
preference is our strongest asset. We can advance by being loud and
obnoxious and they cannot (a sort of Perotian-Clintonian relationship).
So far I think we have exercised it effectively, galliantly, and
perhaps even superbly. But as soon as we make statements that bespeak
fanatic paranoia and dangerous and polarizing rhetorical posturing we
will be swiftly discredited or hammered.
This is a rather irresponsible and dangerous sentiment and metaphor. I
urge you to reconsider. Which cypherpunks are volunteering to barricade
themselves from the police in their houses?  To defy some court
proceedings because of `distrust' of the prosecution? To arm their
children with rifles for `defense'? Mr. Weaver was apparently subject
to the most grave miscarriage of law enforcement in many years, perhaps
only second to the Waco massacre in recent history if reported elements
of the recent story hold up. But the fact remains that he refused to go
to court and completely defied *our* `system' that has been erected to
defend the innocent. He managed to delay going to court by a few months
with absolutely disastrous and horrible payment.
In fact, one could argue quite convincingly that Weaver was very
clearly a victim of his own paranoia. If he had trusted the courts to
minimize his plight the gruesome horror show might have been averted.
Perhaps not. But are we cypherpunks now going to take on the American
Judicial System? Dissolute focus means dissolute energy.
Finally, I would like to take up the question of the Weaver Debacle in
relation to the nation's media. First, anything this horrendous takes
*years* to penetrate and percolate through the American consciousness
and media, so we should be patient.  It is like the trickle of Chinese
water torture--one can go insane in the process. The fallout from the
Steve Jackson games case has taken that long. (This is not to
discourage public relations but to encourage it.)  Secondly, the
American public is actually firmly supportive of some of these bloody
miscarriages. For example, Reno's approval/popularity soared after her
public post-Waco culpability speeches. That is, we have met the enemy,
and he is us. We *must* change American attitudes if we are to thwart
future egregious law enforcement violations. And in this quest I think
there is nothing but grave pallor in elevating Weaver as an epitomizing
icon of our cause.

@_date: 1993-07-21 16:20:58
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: more on FBI credit search access 
Hm, maybe someone could just check out the article (Sat Jul 17 NYT p.
7). This is a distinctly different interpretation.
Hi Peter.
Your post in alt.privacy was forwarded to me.  I don't know of any
legislation that will permit the FBI to obtain your credit report without a
search warrant.  While it is possible that such legislation exists, what
you describe from the NY Times article sounds an awful lot like a proposed
amendment to the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) introduced
this year that would allow the FBI access to *telephone calling data* with
a letter (rather than a search warrant) certifying that the person was
being investigated for engaging in terrorism or international espionage, or
cohorting with such folks.  The telephone calling data includes the names
and telephone numbers of all calls made from the phone number being
investigated, as well as the duration of the calls.  While this in itself
may be cause for alarm, it is not the same as FBI access to credit
reporting information.
Shari Steele
Director of Legal Services
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G Street, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC  20001
202/347-5400 (voice), 202/393-5509 (fax)
ssteele at eff.org
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-07-21 16:34:44
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Encrypted data across international lines 
From: gdale at apple.com (Geoff Dale)
This is similar to the question `do any countries prohibit certain
kinds of cryptography' that arose after the Clipper announcement
suggested that some do.
The FCC prohibits the use of codes in amateur radio transmissions, and
violations are sufficient to revoke the license. This is enforced by
legislation. Also, various countries have rules against using
encryption in telegrams. I believe Australia has one, and also Britain.
Or maybe it was that Australia had an `official' code under which other
codes were illegal.  The question is, how are these enforced in practice?
I'd like to see a bit of information from the experts on this. What
constitutes `codes'? A friend operator told me that, unusual
statements, non sequiturs, qualified. Have any operators lost their
licenses this way? What is the enforcement like?
On a related subject, I recall the discussion here a few months ago
about `numbers stations' (or was it sci.crypt?). These are broadcast
frequencies where the announcer simply reads off long lists of numbers.
They are used for encrypted communication to clandestine operatives,
etc. Apparently most are Iron Curtain originating, from what I understand.
I saw on TV (nightly news) that there was a great deal of hullaballoo
about using the VOA (Voice of America) to send secret communications. A
director told a disk jockey to play a certain song and say that it was
for a request from `country [x]' where [x] was a very obscure locality
in Russia, and the song was unusual.  Apparently a disk jockey
complained about the practice, and a previous director was against it.
A new director was not unequivocally against the practice. There was
disagreement on whether the VOA charter allowed it (private analysts
saying emphatically no, shady slippery shifty-eyed gov't types saying
`well, ...'). If anyone else can expand on this one I'd appreciate it.

@_date: 1993-07-22 17:25:15
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: FAX on Internet 
Here's some information on using the Internet to fax messages. This
gives me a lot of ideas. First, there was some talk here about
encrypting FAXes. Since somebody is already getting the data on the
internet, this would be trivial for someone to do here with PGP.
Secondly, I don't know if they are using mail or FTP to transmit, but
if they converted it to mail we could have `anonymous faxes' by
coupling with the cypherpunk remailers (then to a receiver site that
supports the FAX service via email reception). Finally, it seems to me
that this is the first glimmer of a very massive new market opening up.
Maybe the first entrepreneurs in cyberspace will be developing this
service.  Digital cash will be extremely useful here.
So far, no one has told them `no' (`is this legal?' he asks) but I'm
sure there's a lot of people that will be mighty upset by all this
stellar progress!  The problem with services like these is that once
they become wildly successful and popular the weasels whine and clamp
down.  Note the developers are also behind the Internet Radio.
Boy, when a universal network is built where commercial activity is not
considered some kind of shady taboo, our economy is going to just GO
CRAZY and EXPLODE. I'd like to set up a hypertext library with modest
transaction charges, and will do so once the opportunity is there (BTW,
also heard that Brewster Kahle, major mastermind between WAIS, has
formed his own company and is now marketing workstation `electronic
printing presses'.) All the elements are there. We're all dressed up
and ready to go, with no way to get there! Somebody go and kick your
legislator, and phone and cable company reps!

@_date: 1993-07-22 17:45:15
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: PGP progress report 
A query was made about the Macintosh version of PGP and the bug fixes
in 2.3.  There was a bug in random number generation routines
apparently introduced in a recent version that caused some decrease in
security of the process but nothing seriously weakening. The Macintosh
version is developed mostly independently of the `official' PGP version
and the bug is not present in the 2.3 release. The 2.3a PGP release
fixes the bug. PRZ writes, `The security problem was mostly theoretical, not a practical one for most scenarios.' (more information
Queries were made about the effort to streamline the Macintosh user
interface. In general, this has been underway for a long time in slow
but consistent progress (the improvement from say 2.1 to 2.2 was
significant). In MacPGP 2.3 a new online help system has been
added based on Norstadt's excellent Disinfectant code (a system
which exceeds the sophistication of many commercial software
packages). There is an announcement currently on sci.crypt
for the FTP site.
All GUI versions of the PGP code are somewhat limited in
sophistication by internal organization of PGP code toward the
`teletype output' mindset. A major effort is underway to remodularize
the code to internally encapsulate algorithms from the input & output
(user interface) to make future GUI versions more accessable to
programmers, and ultimately with new versions for users.
A Windows version is in the works.
PGP-RSAREF negotiations are plodding along with J. Berman of EFF as an intermediary. The developers are unsure of the reasons for the slow
pace.  J. Bidzos is supposed to make a major public announcement on this avenue very soon.
Finally, some concern has been raised about bugs in the PGP code. The
various developers are aware of the slightly disconcerting quality
control on recent versions. One of the most direct ways that PGP users
can help improve the quality of the software is to volunteer to
beta-test versions on their platform in a timely manner at the release
of new versions. Surprisingly few volunteers are available. If you
would like to contribute in this area, please send mail to
prz at acm.org.
Following is information from Z. Fiedorwicz, the MacPGP developer.
(Feel free to redistribute my message in its entirety.)
There is a small bug in MacPGP 2.2 and MacPGP 2.3 in the
handling of the randseed.bin file used in the generation
of the random session IDEA keys used to encrypt outgoing
messages. (This bug is also present in the Unix and MS-DOS
versions.) Due to this bug only the first four bytes of the
24 byte randseed.bin file are ever read into memory.  Since
MacPGP also uses keyboard and mouse timings to generate
random bytes, this does not give rise to any predictability
which could easily be exploited for cracking MacPGP messages.
While a special bug fix version 2.3a was released for the
Unix and MS-DOS versions of PGP, this was necessitated by the
presence of several other bugs NOT present in MacPGP 2.3 (eg.
verification of clear-signed messages didn't work).  Hence NO
version 2.3a release of MacPGP is planned.
If you are concerned by this bug, you can fix it by hand with
ResEdit following the instructions below.  The usual precautions
when using ResEdit apply: FIRST MAKE A BACKUP COPY OF MACPGP 2.3
The patch: open the CODE 4 using the Hex Editor (under the Resource
menu).  Then using the Find menu, find the following offsets in
CODE 4 and apply the patches indicated:
0005E8   4878 0004 4878 0001
              ^^^^
              0018 <--- replace 0004 by 0018
0005F8   5980 4FEF 0010 640A
         ^^^^
         5180 <--- replace 5980 by 5180
Then choose "Save" under the File menu.
Exactly the same instructions apply to MacPGP 2.2 as well.
Technical Explanation:
The bug is caused by a single line in the   open_strong_pseudorandom(byte key[16], byte buf[24])
function in the crypto.c module:
  if (fread(buf,1,sizeof(buf),f) < sizeof(buf))	/* empty file? */
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^      ^^^^^^^^^^^
Since buf is an argument to the function, it gets reinterpreted by
the C compiler as simply   char *buf
and hence sizeof(buf) is taken to be 4 instead of 24 as intended.
This line of C gets compiled into the following machine/assembly
0005E6: 2F0C          MOVE.L    A4,-(A7)
0005E8: 4878 0004     PEA       $0004
0005EC: 4878 0001     PEA       $0001
0005F0: 2F2E 000C     MOVE.L    $000C(A6),-(A7)
0005F4: 4EAD 067A     JSR       $067A(A5)
0005F8: 5980          SUBQ.L    0005FA: 4FEF 0010     LEA       $0010(A7),A7
0005FE: 640A          BCC.S     *+$000C        ;
The patch converts this to
0005E6: 2F0C          MOVE.L    A4,-(A7)
0005E8: 4878 0018     PEA       $0018
0005EC: 4878 0001     PEA       $0001
0005F0: 2F2E 000C     MOVE.L    $000C(A6),-(A7)
0005F4: 4EAD 067A     JSR       $067A(A5)
0005F8: 5180          SUBQ.L    0005FA: 4FEF 0010     LEA       $0010(A7),A7
0005FE: 640A          BCC.S     *+$000C        ;
which corresponds to
  if (fread(buf,1,24,f) < 8)
This is of course still not quite right, but unfortunately there
is no SUBQ.L  instruction.  (SUB.L  is a 4 byte
instruction which would mess up relative offset references all
over CODE 4.)  However the chances of this causing any problem are
extremely small.

@_date: 1993-07-26 22:51:05
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: oodles of Cypherpunk T-shirt ideas 
Hello, I've been following the T-shirt & cypherpunk meanderings. Fun! A few ideas:
- as for graphic designs, it is amazingly easy to get absolutely
stunning graphics from raytracers & fractal image generators. I would
suggest chrome or glass letterings on checkerboard planes stretching to
infinity (does anyone know of sites for 3d letter geometries?) - the merchandising could be potentially lucrative, esp. if the designs
are beautiful and inspiring and interesting to people that have no
connections to the group directly. I suggest that a cypherpunk fund be
set up for some modest percentage of profits for group projects, such
as meetings or mailings or whatever. sellers should indicate how much
they will donate. If you think the fund would be mismanaged (money has
a tendency to warp people), feel free to donate nothing!
- In some ways the shirts should be very broadly appealing, if they are
then many non-cyberpunks will buy them and our message will spread like a virus!
Here are a lot of brainstormed ideas for mottos. If anyone makes
fantastic profit from them I get a share :) A long time ago (in
cyberspatial terms), I suggested `Cypherpunks do it secretly!' for T
shirts, so I've had plenty of time to think!
- Cypherpunks: The Cyberspatial Colonialists
- We the Cypherpunks, In Order to Form a More Perfect Cyberspace
- Give Me Privacy or Give Me Stealth
- I Regret that I have but One Life to Live in Cyberspace
- I Regret that I have but One Tshirt for the Cypherpunks
- Ask *not* what the NSA can do for you; ask what you can do to the NSA!
- Clip the Clipper (picture of crushed/exploding chip under hammered, clenched fist)
- NSA with circle/red line through it
- Stop the Spooks! circle/red line through spy figure
- Cypherpunks: Guerrila Cryptologists. Picture of rambo-like figure
wielding a sword like a pen. Maybe PGP themes here.
- Cypherpunks vs. National Spooks Anonymous (jab at NSA). The idea here
would be to mimic/parody a t-shirt for a big sporting event.
- Cypherpunks with variation on Markoff's quote: no more
self-consciously ornery group in all of cyberspace!
- Picture of Jefferson with caption Grade A Cypherpunk (I kind of like this one)
- Key Escrow: Good Enough for Sternlight & Denning (a real inside joke)
- Key Escrow: as Safe as a (Government-Insured) Savings and Loan
- Key Escrow: As American as Violating the Constitution
- Key Escrow: Big Brother is Listening
- Clipper: U.S. Social Insecurity
- Key Escrow: Lock It Up and Throw Away the Key
- Key Escrow: Lock It Up and Give Away the Key
- Picture of a lock & key. Cypherpunks: the Key to the Codes.
- How about a variation on the $20 bill design with Jefferson on it but
other pictures elsewhere on the bill. Maybe text all in those
computer-type fonts. Digital Cash. In Cryptography We Trust (a bit
pagan, but oh well). Legal tender for all debts, public and private.
- Cypherpunks: Patriotic Cyberspatial Citizens. Picture of U.S. flag
flapping with digital variations. Maybe computer screens in the place of stars?
- Cypherpunks: The New World Order.
- Has anyone seen any endangered bureacrats? (another real inside joke)
- How about some quotes from the Steve Jackson trial where the judge
really hammered at T. Foley?
- Operation SunDevil: Exactly as Planned
- ``If it had gone off exactly as planned, everything would have been
perfect'' (FBI quote on the Waco raid, but works for Steve Jackson, Clipper, etc.)
- `I'm not sure if people should have been involved' (Paraphrase, Denning)
- `We haven't had problems with encryption yet but if we do there's
going to be a lot of dead bodies lying around' (Paraphrase, FBI)
- April 16th, 1993: a Day that will Live in Infamy
- National Security: the root password to the constitution (tx. Ferguson)
- Clipper: Only A Chip Away at Your Privacy
- Big Brother is watching YOU (picture of those pointing Uncle Sam
pictures, dressed like a spy?)
- Cryptography is like Nitroglycerin. Or the question, what's the
difference between cryptography and nitroglycerin? (No answer!) Picture
of exploding chip on rear?
- Cypherpunks: the Big Mother of Big Brother (could be misconstrued)
- Cypherpunks: { Someone, Anyone, Everyone } Other than Big Brother
- We have Nothing to Lose but our Freedom
- Caveat Encryptor (anti Clipper picture)
- Cypherpunks: The Bug Bashers, or The Debuggers (this would cover both
wiretapping and programming).
- { NSA, FBI, Wiretapping, Clipper }: as American as J. Edgar Hoover (hehe).
- Cypherpunks: The Patriots Without a Country but With a Computer
- Cypherpunks: Assaulting the Putrid Palace (picture of crumbling castle? beseiged?)
- Cypherpunks: Cryptographic { Revolutionaries, subversives }
- Save Cyberspace - Nuke the NSA (bad pun on other stickers)
- Cypherpunks: Largely EFFective
- ``We are taking a great step toward a society where privacy is the
realm only of the rich'' (paraphrase, W. Diffie).
- Nothing is Sacred in Cyberspace
- Privacy: Worth Protecting
- Cryptography: Digital Draperies
- Cryptography: The Fences of Cyberspace (Good Fences make Good Neighbors).
- Front: Attention! Recruiting Professional Voyeurs! Back: send resume
to [address of NSA] (picture of depraved lecher looking through keyhole?)
- Practice Safe Sends. Cypherpunks. (PGP theme)
- Cypherpunks: the Cyberspatial Entrepreneurs.
- I Pledge Allegiance to Cyberspace
- I Pledge Disobedience to the NSA
- NSA: Safe From the Democratic Process (jab at aloofness from accountability)
- Cryptography for the Unwashed Masses
- Public Key Cryptography: Recipe for Revolution
- Cypherpunks: Founding Fathers of Netocracy (Modemocracy)
- NSA: The Abuses Are Behind { Us, It }
- NSA: Behind Us All The Way
- NSA: Still Hot Stuff after the Cold War (back: why is that, anyway?)
- NSA: Keeping Up with the Joneses
- NSA: Alive as the Soviet Union
- NSA: Frozen in Time
- NSA: Making It and Breaking It
- The Cypherpunks say, `No Such Agency!'.
- NSA: worst of the TLAs (really inside: three letter acronyms)
- NSA: Thanks to Your Taxes, State of the Art in Privacy Deprivation
- Cypherpunks: rebels with a cause (from Wired article?)
- Front: Old Spooks Never Die. Back: has anyone seen Jack Kevorkian around?
- NSA: official gov't agency for exterminating boogeymen. Call [x]
- NSA: The Government's Closet. (Picture of closet with skeletons)
- NSA: In the Dark (picture of dracula in coffin, hiding from sun?)
shew, that will do it for *now* :)

@_date: 1993-07-27 22:11:30
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: tidbit on Clipper review, San Hose Mercury News 
Don't believe this was posted here. Mostly a rehash, but included for
completeness of the soda.berkeley.edu archive, and does note that the
analyst review deadline is `the end of the month' (July). So, depending
on how long the bureacrats sit on the results, we should hear something
soon. Sorry about the poor format quality.
(I wonder who the 6 were who defined? Surely a Who's Who in
Cryptography, e.g. W. Diffie etc. I wonder if they'd have the nerve to ask Kahn?)
------- Forwarded Message
San Lose Mercury News - July 16, 1993
Critics Belittle Data Security Probe
By Lee Gomes
A federal effort to answer complaints about a controversial government data
security plan
apparently has fallen short of its goal, with critics saying the effort
isn't dealing with all of
their concerns.
On Thursday, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST,
an agency of
the Comerce Department, named five outside computer researchers to evaluate
being used in the "Clipper" program, a proposed federal standard to encode
messages in order to keep them secret.
Clipper, which uses both software and a special chip, has been criticized
by some cryptography experts for being an inferior technology, and for potentially
having a hidden
"trap door" that might allow law enforcement agencies to surreptitiously
peek at computer
While the program would directly apply to only federal agencies, many
predict the standard
would also come to dominate the commercial market.
In an effort to convince people no such trap door exists, the five experts
working with NIST
will evaluate the classified software used in Clipper and then report
publicly on their findings.
But Jim Bidzos, of RSA Data Security in Redwood City, a company that sells
a private
encryption plan and which is one of the government's main critics in the
controversy, said the
work of the five outsiders will be of limited value, since they will only
be looking at a protion
of Clipper software.
"There are a million other places where you can do some funny business to
grab messages,"
he said, including by copying or tampering with Cliper hardware.
NIST has always maintained there is no trap door and that including one
would be superfluous
because law enforcement agencies would be able to get the "keys" to Clipper
with a court
NIST spokeswoman Janice E. Kosko said the agency had invited 11 experts to
examine the
actual encryption software, called Skipjack, provided they would agree to
obtain a security
clearance and to speak publicly about their findings without revealing the
detailed workings
of the software. Six declined.
The five who accepted are Ernest Brickell of Sandia National Laboritories,
Dorothy Denning of
the computer science department of Georgetown University, Stephen T. Kent of BBN
Communications Corp., David P. Maher of AT&T, and Walter Tuchman of Amperif
The five outsiders have been asked to submit individual findings by the end
of the month.
Because Clipper software is secret, the work of the five will take place at
a classified
government laboratory in Bowie, MD.

@_date: 1993-07-27 22:12:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: DSS: `Stamp Tax'? 
Interesting comparison of NIST-PKP-DSS licensing arrangement as `stamp
tax' with proceeds to `private company'. Originally in RISKS.

@_date: 1993-07-27 22:16:50
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: SIMTEL 2GB FTP site seeks new home 
OK, we're the first to jump on the throats of anyone closing down a
site, so here's our chance to rescue one. Maybe someone can refer this
person to the right place or do the legwork in hooking up a connection.
(wuarchive comes to mind) On the other hand, if it is poorly organized
or replicated elsewhere or whatever, maybe it should just die with a whimper. (I would be very interested in finding out why the archive is being shut down.)
------- Forwarded Message
The massive archive site WSMR-SIMTEL20.ARMY.MIL at White Sands Missile
Range, New Mexico, USA, which is home to more than 2 gigabytes of files
for many computer systems, including MSDOS, Unix, VMS and some mainframes,
will be shut down by its operators as of September 20, 1993.  Unless a new
home is found for the archives, this major archive site will vanish.
This is a major archive and if it is possible to save it, then it should
not be allowed to just disappear. If anyone knows of a site that can house
the master archives, please send a message to              Keith Petersen Mr. Petersen is trying to find a new home for the master archives.  Note
that many of the older files are on CD-ROM, so it is not absolutely
necessary that a site dedicate two GB of disk space, as perhaps 3/4 of
this is on CDs, so the option would be to loan perhaps 4 CD slots in an optical jukebox, along with perhaps 500 meg of disk space.
Please pass this message to any list that might find it of interest. Thank you.

@_date: 1993-07-27 22:41:31
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: inspired programmers needed ASAP 
Okay cypherpunks. If we want to create a `new & improved' (tm)
government in cyberspace this is the most direct route: drag our
current one in kicking and screaming all the way. In California there
is pivotal battle underway to get government legislature data onto the
internet to citizens, but powerful companies have lucrative
monopolistic arrangements on this data, so the legislature has adopted
a self-serving `impress us' attitude. The manner in which this current
attack is carried out will help forge a plan for the federal level.
Taxpayer's Assets Project is doggedly pushing a bill to free up the
data at that level. If a positive demonstration and firm foothold is
established at the state level then maybe this valuable knowledge and
know-how could be translated to the Federal level.
I sent a message to Gilmore & Pozar complaining about the imperious
attitude of the legislature in getting free programming labor without
even any obligations to repay the favor, and the limited time frame.
Ah, but isn't that life, the citizen bears the burden twice? Pays
through taxes once and has to pay dearly again to get the due goods &
services? Maybe it will be different in cyberspace eh? I'm betting on it...
I imagine that GUI or X Window programmers (for a nice interface) and
database programmers are especially desireable here. If a cypherpunk
pulled this off and it was promoted, it would be HOT press coverage.
We're talking 6 o'clock soundbites.  A glimmer of the momentum of a revolution!
------- Forwarded Message
Jim Warren has been leading a charge to get the California Legislature
to provide public access to their internal law- and bill-tracking systems
via the Internet.  Rep. Debra Bowen has introduced Assembly Bill 1624
to accomplish this.  It's kicking its way through the Legislature now,
and faces its next hearing on August 18th.
Part of the opposition to the bill is that the legislators don't
believe that the Internet community will end up providing software for
easy public access to this information, which is all in crufty formats
from proprietary systems.  (This would mean either that the state
would have to spend money to make the data usefully accessible, or
that they'd have gone through all this for nothing because the public
couldn't really use the results.)  The Legislature currently sells
exclusive access to the data, on tape, to a company that charges big
bucks per hour for online access to it.  This is the kind of people
that the Legislature understands, so we have to make them also understand
the generous spirit of the Internet, with a demonstration.
We hope, with some volunteer programming as well as volunteer
politicking, to open up the process of state legislation so that
ordinary citizens can track it and participate in it.  Any takers?
        John Gilmore
        Electronic Frontier Foundation
        gnu at eff.org

@_date: 1993-07-29 18:23:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: S. Walker review of NIST-PKP-DSS options 
DIGITAL SIGNATURE STANDARDS
OK cypherpunks, if my rantings on this subject were too obscure and
made no sense (as one respondent told me), then read this excellent
review of the past and present NIST-DSS-PKP situation. I recommend it
go on the soda.berkeley archive. Most importantly, it gives a small
glimmer of the sheer future economic impact of the signature standard
decision (it is far more vast than he suggests). It is the very basis
of a vast future `EC' economy, Electronic Commerce.
- RSA vs. DSA, duality of encryption & authentication
- free use of DSS: a promise broken
- Schnorr Patent: a wrench in the works
- Content and expiration dates of various PKP patents
- burdensome economic/social cost of DSS under current NIST proposed scenario
- available alternatives: other algorithms & expirations
Interesting tidbits: refers to the CSSPAB DSA announcement snub,
`government scientists' at NIST (where are they?), three other
algorithms considered but under wraps by the NSA, `highly censored
minutes' by NSA on them.
Corrections: - he says that no public key algorithm has been proposed by NIST/NSA.
But that is precisely the point of Clipper and Capstone. Denning made
this clear once (RISKS). A public key system with the most important
black ingredient: wiretappability!
- he assumes near the end that as soon as RSA patent expires, industry
will leap to it irrespective of any current standards, even suggesting
that commercial implementations of other algorithms would dry up and
become unavailable (if I read him right). I'd like to see that, but
it's a bit of a leap of faith because it completely ignores the inertia
of entrenched standards. In fact, this seems to be one of the weakest,
least supported, and least explained paragraphs.
- doesn't cover the hoopla about the supposed insecurity of DSA (and
associated key length changes) that characterized a lot of the early bickering.
- doesn't cover the angle that the government gets unlimited use of
patented public-key authentication schemes (RSA, Diffie-Hellman) for
use in Capstone-Clipper combination based on the PKP DSS agreement.
This is a *major* ulterior motive & motivation for the agreement on the NSA side.
- doesn't look at the NSA as defiant, conspirational or subversive esp.
in regard to the DSA scheme & DSS hearings--almost no mention at all.
- doesn't look much at PKP as a company attempting to maximize its
profit to the point of backroom collusion, patent mongering, and vast
monopolizing, although hints at it.
                        DIGITAL SIGNATURE STANDARD
                             We can do better!
                            Stephen T. Walker
                                President
                    Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
                               July 28, 1993
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
recently announced its intention to grant Public Key Partners
(PKP) an exclusive license to NIST's pending patent for the
Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA), stating that this action "will
best serve the interests of the Federal Government and the
public."  While this may be a "good" deal for the Government's
own use of the Digital Signature Standard (DSS)[1], it leaves the
public in much worse shape for a much longer time than if NIST
did nothing.  History is full of examples where, if what is
thought to be best for the Government is not also clearly best
for the public, the Government also loses.  This will be yet
another example if something is not done very soon.  But there
are alternatives that open a wide range of possibilities, some
not very far from where we wanted to be in the first place with
- - ----------
FOOTNOTE [1]: The Digital Signature Algorithm is the algorithm
that NIST has chosen to be the Digital Signature Standard.  For clarity
throughout this document, the term DSS will be used to refer to both the
standard and the algorithm.
- - ----------
This paper explores the background of the present NIST proposal
and how we got here.  It then analyzes the public key patent
situation and provides a high level economic analysis of the
impact that the NIST decision will have, followed by a discussion
of several alternatives.  Finally, it recommends a course of
action which seems to serve the interests of the Federal
Government and the public much better than the present proposal.
These comments are my own personal opinions and should not be
construed as necessarily representing the views of any
organization with which I am affiliated.
In August 1991, after years of urging by Congress and industry,
NIST, with the behind-the-scenes help of the National Security
Agency (NSA), announced the Digital Signature Standard, which
adopts the Digital Signature Algorithm as a proposed Federal
Information Processing Standard (FIPS).  Most advocates actually
wanted a Federal standard for public key encryption that would
include both signature and confidentiality capabilities.  The
Rivest/Shamir/Adleman (RSA) algorithm is the obvious choice and
is already widely used in the U.S. and around the world. Nonetheless, the Government chose an algorithm which is useful
only for signatures and appears to have no plans to choose a
public key algorithm for encryption.
DSS is based on a variant of the ElGamal signature algorithm. The Government filed a patent application for DSS in July 1991. Dr. Ray Kammer, then Deputy Director of NIST, testified on June
27, 1991, to the House Subcommittee on Technology and
Competitiveness that "the digital signature technique is expected
to be available on a royalty-free basis in the public interest
world-wide."  Several months prior to this, Prof. Dr. C. P.
Schnorr of Germany obtained a U.S. patent for his digital
signature algorithm.  In October 1991,  Dr. Schnorr notified NIST
of his belief that DSS infringed his patent rights.
The ability to digitally sign information in electronic form is a
fundamental capability of great importance to the future of all
forms of Electronic Commerce (EC).  Some means of verifying the
identity of the sender and integrity of the message is essential
for the widespread success of EC.  Since EC will soon encompass
all forms of communications devices including telephones,
personal computers, and televisions, a universal, freely
available means for digitally signing electronic messages is
essential for U.S. industry.
If DSS could provide a royalty free signing capability, many
people would view this as an advantage which might outweigh the
serious disadvantage of its being incompatible with the widely
available, proprietary RSA algorithm which is subject to royalty
payments for the next seven (7) years in the U.S.
After the August 1991 announcement, much debate over the
technical strengths and weaknesses of DSS ensued, and the
Government initiated efforts to resolve the potential patent
issues that had arisen over the relationship of DSS to the
Schnorr patent and others held by PKP (see The Patent Situation
section below).  Minor changes to the key length resulted from
the first comment period on the proposed standard, and then a
long period of silence set in.  During 1992, both the Government
and PKP pursued the rights to the Schnorr patent and eventually
PKP succeeded in licensing those rights.
Then in the June 8, 1993 Federal Register[2], NIST announced its
intention to grant an exclusive license to PKP for the NIST DSS
patent.  In an Appendix to this notice, PKP stated "It is PKP's
intent to make practice of the DSA royalty free for personal,
non-commercial, and U.S. Federal, state and local government
use."  Commercial use of DSS would be subject to royalty payments
to PKP throughout the life of the Government DSS patent, a period
of seventeen (17) years after the patent is awarded (as of this
writing, the DSS patent has yet to be awarded).
- - ----------
FOOTNOTE [2]:  The announcement was signed by the Acting Director of
NIST on June 2, 1993, the first of three days of public hearings
on the Government's policies on cryptography by the Computer
System Security and Privacy Advisory Board (CSSPAB), a
Congressionally chartered Board charged with advising the
Executive and Legislative Branches on technical matters relating
to computer security.  Had the Government thought to have this
major development in the long struggle to get a digital signature
FIPS revealed to the public for criticism or endorsement, they
would have had the perfect audience and opportunity. Unfortunately, those in charge decided to keep the announcement
under wraps until four days after the meeting, missing an
excellent opportunity to explain the circumstances behind their
- - ----------
The Government has not publicly stated all of the reasons why it
believes granting PKP this exclusive license is in its and the
public's best interests.  It is not a far-reaching speculation
that this action was viewed by the Government's lawyers as
necessary to prevent PKP from charging the Government a royalty
for use of DSS based on its infringement of the PKP-owned Schnorr
patent.  Despite the fact that the Government has royalty free
rights to the PKP patents, it does not have rights to the Schnorr
All of this seems most unfortunate for the commercial development
of EC.  Suddenly the only significant argument for many in the
private sector in favor of DSS, the fact that it was to be free
for all uses to all users, is gone.  Without that positive
benefit, there no longer appears to be any advantage to DSS, and
the negative factor, its incompatibility with RSA (now even more
widely used), looms all the more heavily.  Much of industry will
continue to use RSA irrespective of the Government's position on
DSS, so those who must interact with both industry and the
Government will be forced to use both algorithms, each with its
own royalty payment.  The difficulties of validating digital
signatures based on two incompatible algorithms have been
described in detail at the February 1993 NIST-sponsored Federal
Digital Signature Applications Symposium.
The Government has always maintained that DSS is not covered by
earlier patents.  However,  to avoid lengthy patent disputes and
to get its proposed algorithm approved quickly, the Government
has, unfortunately, lost sight of one of its original objectives. The Government has protected its own direct interests by getting
royalty free use of its own algorithm, but at an enormous price
to the American public.  Does the Government have the right to
propose a Federal standard that goes directly against a well
established industry trend (the use of RSA) and that will result
in U.S. commercial interests having to pay substantially greater
royalty fees?  Can a FIPS be promulgated without an analysis of
the impact it will have on the public?  The answers appear to be
yes, but there are alternatives that should be considered first.
The Patent Situation
To understand these alternatives, we must first understand some
basic facts about the public key patent situation.
In the early 1980s, four patents covering various forms of public
key cryptography were granted.  They are, in order of date of
patent award:
     (1)  Patent  4,200,770 Issued on:     April 29, 1980
                              Expires on:    April 29, 1997
          Diffie/Hellman - Cryptographic Apparatus and Method
          (the "Diffie-Hellman" key exchange, covering both the
          secure generation and the secure exchange of the key)
     (2)  Patent  4,218,582 Issued on:     August 19, 1980
                              Expires on:    August 19, 1997
          Hellman/Merkle - Public Key Cryptographic Apparatus           (general concepts of secure communications using public
          key cryptography and general concepts of digital
          signature; specific public key "knapsack" systems for
          secure communications)
     (3) Patent  4,405,829  Issued on:     September 20, 1983
                              Expires on:    September 20, 2000
          Rivest/Shamir/Adleman - Cryptographic Communications
          System and Method
          (cryptographic communications systems employing the
          "RSA" algorithm)
     (4)  Patent  4,424,414 Issued on:     January 3, 1984
                              Expires on:    January 3,  2001
          Hellman/Pohlig - Exponentiation Cryptographic Apparatus           and Method
          (variant of Diffie-Hellman for secure exchange of
          messages)
In the late 1980s, the owners/licensees of these patents banded
together to form Public Key Partners.
Because the research that developed these algorithms was
sponsored by the U.S. Government, the Government has royalty free
access to these technologies.
In 1985, ElGamal published a paper on a digital signature
technique but did not seek a patent.  In August 1989, Schnorr
published a paper on this subject and in 1991 received a U.S.
     Patent  4,995,082 Issued on:     February 19, 1991
                         Expires on:    February 19, 2008
     Schnorr - Method for Identifying Subscribers and for
     Generating and Verifying Electronic Signatures in Data
     Exchange Systems
     (data exchange system working with processor chip cards to
     perform identification and electronic signature
     generation/verification procedures)
The U.S. Government does not have royalty free access to the
Schnorr patent.
After NIST announced the proposed DSS in August 1991, Schnorr
informed NIST of his belief that DSS infringed on his patent. Sometime later, PKP obtained a license for the Schnorr patent,
giving them a virtual monopoly in public key technology patents
in the U.S.
Economic Impact of NIST's June 8 Announcement
I recently asked NIST if the Government had analyzed the economic
impact on the Government or the public of granting an exclusive
license to PKP for DSS.  I was told that no such analysis had
been done.
The following high level analysis offers some very approximate
estimates of what it might cost if DSS, licensed as proposed by
NIST, were fully accepted by industry and became widely used.  We
acknowledge that these estimates could be off by as much as a
factor of five (5) or more either way, nonetheless they tell a
compelling story.
In its July 26, 1993 issue, Business Week discussed home shopping
networks which will involve the use of televisions, telephones,
and personal computers.  The article describes recent
conglomerates that will reach "more than 60 million viewers, or
two thirds of all television households." If digital signature standards were routinely available today,
they would be highly useful in confirming the identity of the
purchaser and the authenticity of the purchase request.
The cost of a DSS royalty per the NIST announcement "will be no
more then 2 1/2% for hardware products and 5% for software, with
the royalty rate further reduced to 1% on any portion of the
product price exceeding $1000."
The analysis below focuses on the potential home shopping market
for the Digital Signature Standard involving televisions,
telephones, and personal computers.  It assumes conservative
numbers of devices, periods of use, and royalties to derive
potential royalty figures.
     Assuming: 60 million televisions used in home retail
                    that need to be replaced every five (5) years
                    and
                    a  royalty of $2.50 per television
                    (5% of the $50 price for the signature
                    software),
               during the seventeen (17) years that the public
               will have to pay royalties to PKP for DSS, the
               cost will be approximately $500 million.
                    (60 million * 17 years/5 years * $2.50)
     Assuming: 150 million telephones, only 20% involved in home
               retailing
                    that need to be replaced every five (5) years
                    and
                    a royalty of $2.50 per telephone,
               the royalty cost will be approximately $250
               million.
                    (150 million * 20% * 17 years/5 years *
                    $2.50)
               If one includes growth from new phone markets,
               this number could easily grow to $750 million.
     Assuming: 40 million personal computers and workstations
                    that need to be replaced every five (5) years
                    and
                    a royalty of $5.00 per computer,
               the royalty cost will be approximately $680
               million
                    (40 million * 17 years/5 years * $5.00)
     Approximate total royalty payment over seventeen (17) years
     is $2 billion.
These are rough estimates for one business segment.  They do not
take into account business use for banking, financial, or dozens
of other commercial uses.  If one chooses to scale these down by
five (5) to be even more conservative, the $2 billion royalty
bill drops just below $400 million.  Others may want to raise the
estimate by five (5) because of growth in a rapidly emerging
industry, raising it to over $10 billion.
These are of course hypothetical scenarios that assume DSS is
widely endorsed by industry and becomes a commercial standard.
No matter how one looks at this deal, it's a very good thing the
Government got use of the DSS for free, because the public certainly will pay a fortune for
The Government appears to have been operating under the premise
that DSS, as currently defined, is its only possible way to
proceed.  The close relationship of DSS to the Schnorr patent
makes it subject to infringement charges from PKP.  This
unfortunate relationship seems to have forced the Government to
their June 8 "give away" of DSS as "best serving the Federal
Government and the public."
However, we should recognize that within four (4) years, the
Hellman/Merkle patent, which is the principal broadly based
public key signature patent, expires.  At that time, one could
implement an ElGamal-based algorithm which did not use the
techniques of the Schnorr patent and is therefore royalty free
from then on.  The Schnorr techniques involve efficiency
enhancements for ElGamal, but even if this new approach were not
as efficient as the present DSS, the removal of patent issues and
royalty payments would make up for a lot of inefficiency.
The above alternative suggests doing nothing for four (4) years
except defining a new signature algorithm (which may take that
long anyway).  Of course, we could take this path immediately and
agree to pay PKP royalties for the new algorithm until the
Hellman/Merkle patent expires.  The Government would not be
subject to these royalties since it has a free license to the
technology anyway.  Commercial users and developers would be much
less  unhappy to pay royalties for a few years rather than for
seventeen (17).  NIST scientists could start immediately to
identify an ElGamal-based algorithm that is not subject to
Schnorr patent restrictions.  There are indications in the highly
censored minutes to the NIST-NSA Technical Working Group that
there were at least three (3) other algorithms being considered
before the present DSS candidate was chosen, so perhaps we
already have a head start on this process.
Realizing that this alternative algorithm approach could reduce
PKP's potential royalty period for DSS from seventeen (17) years
to four (4) years opens other alternatives that include paying
PKP a reasonable sum based on estimates of DSS royalties for this
limited period, to allow royalty free use of the present DSS for
all users forever.  Faced with the alternative of the extremely
high royalty payments discussed above, it is likely that a
Government/industry consortium could be formed to raise the funds
to eliminate the four (4) year wait and the need to switch to a
new algorithm.
Of course, such a Government/industry consortium could also
decide to apply pressure on PKP to grant, as IBM did with the
Data Encryption Standard algorithm, royalty free use for the
public for all time.  PKP could continue to collect royalties on
all its other algorithms but, in return for the Government's
(and, therefore, the public's) having paid for the research that
led to those patents in the first place, PKP should make DSS
available for all royalty free.
There are those who claim the whole DSS exercise has been forced
upon us because some in Government do not want to see RSA become
a widely used "standard."  Those individuals must recognize that
the present plan is working directly against their desires.  The
RSA patents expire in seven (7) years, while the NIST plan forces
a seventeen year (17) royalty period.  Industry will choose the
shorter period, and DSS will be relegated to Government special
purchase efforts.  Indeed, after the RSA patent expires, it will
be impossible for the Government to get DSS from any commercial
source.  Thus, by the very terms of the June 8 announcement, RSA
will become the de facto standard for digital signature that
these individuals want to prevent.
Reflecting on this range of alternatives, it quickly becomes
apparent that the June 8 approach advocated by the Government is
just about the worst approach one could devise.  (Please do not
try to find a worse one!)
A Suggested Plan of Action
We strongly suggest that the Government back up from its headlong
plunge toward indenturing the U.S. public for a much needed
Digital Signature Standard.  There are alternatives, if we are
willing to wait a few years, that will reduce a high royalty
payment bill to zero.  There are approaches to analyzing this
situation that allow continuing with DSS at a greatly reduced
cost to the American public, perhaps even reducing it to zero. Any of these approaches will yield a more economically viable and
more generally available solution which serves the interests of
the Federal Government and the public far better than the present
Even if none of these alternatives are pursued, this analysis
shows that everyone, including the Government, will be better off
if NIST just dropped DSS, including the plan announced on June 8,
1993, and did nothing else.
Please, NIST, reconsider your options before it's too late!

@_date: 1993-07-31 19:48:03
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NCIC abuse, electronic leash ideas 
This is an `executive summary' from CRA Bulletin (Computing Research
Assoc., contact josuna at cs.umd.edu), followed by more explanation from
an article by L. Knutson for AP, apparently sent to the Telcom Digest
edited by the `Pat' editor who inserted interesting comments at the
end. The AP article is very disturbing.
Short summary: National Crime Information Center is the government
agency that tracks criminal records, used by FBI all the way down to
local law enforcement, and the data continually leaks in serious
abuses. (This is the same government that will find not one but TWO
completely incorruptable Key Escrow houses.) So another black eye for
Big Brother and more ammunition for the Cypherpunks:
And YIKES look at the lead in to that AP article...
* * *
Maybe we need a new Bill of Rights for cyberspace that describes
precisely what data can be accessed, and by whom. Here are a few ideas
that have been rattling around in my brain for a long time:
- If you could put an electronic `leash' on your name or any other
electronic information about you, such that whenever it was relocated
you would feel a `tug' (an email message or whatever), you could track
exactly where your personal data is going, such as when your name
exchanges through copied mailing lists.
- Not only that, but we could set up a system where the leash is
interactive so that the individual can individual veto or allow such requests.
- One should be able to `yank' the leash on the name out of databases
where it should be permitted (e.g. anything involving private
companies, but of course not criminal records).
- In general, imagine that every person has their own personal database
that tracks *exactly* where *all* information in the world is stored about them.
- This could all be accomplished without new legislation (always the
preferrable method!), if a system was developed whereby every
commercial transaction was actually a contract between the two parties
to adhere to the `privacy protocol'. Of course, the presence of a
ubiquitous network that everyone has access to, sort of a new Minitel, is assumed.
- In general, we should begin to recognize that information itself can
be considered private property, and the method to enforce its
exclusivity is a contract between the owner and anyone who wishes to
`lease' it that enforces the owner's desired degrees of exclusivity.
This may involve monetary arrangements, i.e. I get paid to allow my
name to be circulated if I agree.
So, to accomplish all this electronic standards are required. If anyone
wants to start, it now would be great head start prior to the explosion
of commercial networking, and the standard could become available not a
moment too soon and entrenched as a result. It's definitely a first
class Cypherpunk project.
GAO TELLS HOUSE OF NCIC COMPUTER ABUSE
The General Accounting Office made a statement before a House subcommittee July 28 about security holes in the National Crime Information Center computer NCIC is the nation's largest computerized criminal justice information system, consisting of 24 million records accessible by 500,000 people.
Upon a request from Gary Condit (D-CA), GAO testified on NCIC security before a joint meeting between the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights and the House Government Operations Subcommittee on Information Justice, Transportation and Agriculture.
NCIC is not easily penetratable from outside. However, because there is no password authentication, NCIC is easily abused by insiders, GAO said. Most users of the system simple identify themselves and their agencies using codes that are not kept secret.  The GAO reported instances where law enforcement agents entered the system using false codes, retrieved information and sold it to private investigators.
Organization: The Cellar electronic community and public access system
I sent this to CuD, but thought that Telecom readers may also be
{Philadelphia Inquirer} - 07/29/93
CRIMINAL RECORDS ARE VULNERABLE TO ABUSE, CONGRESS IS WARNED
Sometimes the information is for sale, the GAO said.  It called for
greater security.
By Lawrence L. Knutson
ASSOCIATED PRESS
WASHINGTON -- In Arizona, a former police officer gained access to
print-outs from the FBI's National Crime Information Center, tracked
down his estranged girlfriend and murdered her.
In Pennsylvania, a computer operator used the system to conduct
background searches for her drug-dealer boyfriend, who wanted to learn
if new clients were undercover agents.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Maryland and other states, private
investigators bought data from insiders with authorized access to the
criminal-record system.
These examples were presented to the House Judiciary and Government
Operations Committeess yesterday by the General Accounting Office,
which concluded that the criminal-records system is vulnerable to
widespread misuse.
The GAO recommended that Congress enact legislation with "strong
criminal sanctions" barring the misuse of the criminal record files
and that the FBI encourage state users to enhance security.
Laurie E. Ekstrand, the GAO's associate director for administration of
justice issues, said that while the FBI and the states do not keep
adequate records, "we did obtain sufficient examples of misuse to
indicate that such misuse occurred throughout the system."
"Furthermore, all the reported misuse incidents involve insiders,
while none involved outside [computer] hackers," she said.
"It appears that there are employers, insurers, lawyers or
investigators who are willing to pay for illegal access to personal
information, and there are insiders who are willing to supply the
data," said Rep. Gary Condit (D., Calif.) summing up the GAO's
The National Crime Information Center, with 24 million records, is the
nation's largest computerized criminal justice information system.
Its 14 separate files contain an extensive range of data, including
information about fugitives, stolen vehicles and missing persons.
The largest single file, known as "the III file" gives users access to
17 million criminal-history information records maintained in separate
state systems.
The GAO said more than 19,000 federal, state and local law enforcement
agencies in the U.S. and Canada, using 97,000 terminals, have direct
access to the system.
The GAO called the Arizona case the most extreme example of misuse it
The agency said investigators learned that the former police officer
was able to locate his estranged girlfriend using data provided from
the national records system by three people working in different law
enforcement agencies.
"After an investigation, the printouts provided by the three
individuals were discovered and they were identified, prosecuted and
convicted," the GAO said.
Other examples provided by the GAO:
    - In Maine, a police officer used the system to conduct a background
      check on one of his wife's employees who was then fired for not
      disclosing his criminal record
    - In Iowa, a dozen cases of misuse were reported over the last two
      years.  All involved computer operators conducting background
      searches on friends or relatives.
    - In New York state, an employee of a law enforcement agency provided
      criminal history information to be used by a local politician against
      political opponents.
    - In Pennsylvania, a police officer "accessed and widely disseminated"
      a fellow officer's criminal history record.
    - In South Carolina, a law enforcement agency conducted background
      searches on members of the City Council.
                          -------------
[Moderator's Note: Be aware however that much information people don't
like having released is considered public record, and that includes
criminal histories. There are perhaps right ways and wrong ways to go
about getting the information, but criminal background information on
any person can be obtained quite legally, and you don't have to be a
law enforcement officer to get it. Here is why: In the United States,
our constitution calls for *open, public trials*. To wit, anyone can
walk into a courtroom, sit down and observe a trial in progress.
Records are kept of trials (we call them transcripts) and the same
rules which provide that trials are open to the public say that by
extension, transcripts can be read by anyone who wants to get it and
read it later. The court may charge a fee for its expense in making
the copy, but pay the fee and you get the record. Now no one is going to traipse around the country, state by state and
county by county looking to see if you are a criminal, a deadbeat or
whatever. What happens is that nearly every community has at least one
practioner of records research. Send them a note plus their fee and
*they* will walk over to the courthouse, pull the file and fax it to
you. Many researchers have cooperative arrangements with other
researchers. You pull files in your community that I need and I'll
pull files here for you. This then lead to computerized databases of
perfectly open, legally obtained information on criminal records
(among other things) in much the same credit bureaus work with each
other. So you don't have to get into confidential records illegally to get
what you want to find out, you just have to know where to go for
*legal, public* files which say the same thing or the essence thereof.
If your record in the Podunk Circuit Court says Judge Greene sent you
away for ten years for refusing to select a default one plus carrier,
I don't have to have an illicit contact in the NCIC or law enforcement
to tell me the same thing at some risk to my own freedom if I get
caught snooping!  Remember, you can have all the information you want
on anyone quite legally. Public records abound. Learn to use them. PAT]

@_date: 1993-07-31 20:00:20
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Clipper is now Skipjack 
I don't recall seeing articles saying that the government officially
decided to stop calling Clipper Clipper, and start calling it Skipjack,
because of the trademark infringement. I wonder when this actually
happened. Just another little humiliation...
p.s. Of course we should keep calling it Clipper out of perverse glee
(did anyone see the recent Simpsons where the infant Bart kept calling
his dad Homer? hee, hee).
CRA ELECTRONIC BULLETIN--JULY 30, 1993         =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-         Distributed By
        Juan Antonio Osuna
        Computing Research Association
        1875 Connecticut Ave., NW, Suite 718
        Washington, DC 20009
        phone: (202) 234-2111
        E-mail: josuna at cs.umd.edu
        =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
PANEL TO REVIEW SKIPJACK (AKA CLIPPER)
The National Institute of Standards and Technology has selected five people to review the classified encryption algorithm Skipjack, also popularly known as Clipper. The government proposes Skipjack as a new standard for encrypting voice communications.
To avoid a trademark conflict, the government is renaming Clipper to Skipjack. The five reviewers will be Ernest Brickell of Sandia National Laboratories, Dorothy Denning of Georgetown University (also on the CRA board), Stephen Kent of BBN Communications, David Maher of AT&T, and Walter Tuchman of Amperif Corp.

@_date: 1993-07-31 21:14:07
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: D. Bernstein's Open Letter on NIST-PKP-DSA 
Someone flamed once over including Usenet (esp. sci.crypt) postings
here, so I'll just give a summary of an excellent letter posted by D.
Bernstein (cowriter sci.crypt FAQ, dogged Sternlight flamer, ITAR
consultant, cryptographic agitator, etc.). I'm sure there'll be a lot
of flames over this one in sci.crypt, assuming nobody's brain dead.
There's some real pointy pricks at Bidzos and PKP (the truth hurts).
In short, Bernstein looks at the specific laws and conventions
surrounding granting a patent and exclusively so by the government to a
private company. The laws are fairly restrictive. The most devastating
claim is that NIST has failed to adhere to the law in granting a
license "only if, after public notice and opportunity for filing
written objections, it is determined that the interests of the Federal
Government and the public will best be served by the proposed license
... and the proposed terms and scope of exclusivity are not greater
than reasonably necessary.." 35 USC 209(c)(1)  Mostly he objects to the
*exclusive* arrangement (read: MONOPOLY), and points out that ``NIST
does not need to wait 60 days for public comments in order to grant a
nonexclusive license.'' - ``The public obviously has an interest in being able to use DSA
without royalty payments after PKP's patents expire. The grant of an
exclusive license would not serve this interest.'' Hence the `public
will be best served by the proposed license' clause of the law above is
not satisfied. Similar to the S. Walker letter I posted earlier.
- Law states that, for (partially or wholly) exclusive arrangements,
"the desired practical application has not been achieved,  or is not
likely expeditiously to be achieved, under any nonexclusive license
which has been granted, or which may be granted, on the invention."
That is, a monopoly is only acceptable if the products would be brought
to market in no other way. But Bernstein cites Info Security Corp.
selling implementations of DSA *now*.
- Similarly, law requires "exclusive or partially exclusive licensing
is a reasonable and necessary incentive to call forth the investment of
risk capital and expenditures to bring the invention to practical
application or otherwise promote the invention's utilization by the
public." 35 USC 209(c)(1)(C) But DSA is already in practical
application and promoted by ISC. Not only that, but digital signatures
would clearly be embraced by many companies *without* the incentive of
awarded monopoly (assuming the algorithm was robust, but we're going in
circles). He argues that a *nonexclusive* arrangement with PKP could
achieve the `same effects', and therefore the monopolistic arrangement
is not `reasonable or necessary' under this law.
-  NIST's 8 June 1993 notice states that "it was determined that
expeditious granting of such license will best serve the interest of
the Federal Government and the public." As Bernstein writes, ``under 35
USC 209(c)(1), NIST is required to make such determinations
_a_f_t_e_r the public comment period...''
- Points out that NIST has `already promised the public royalty-free
use of DSS'.  Items: The Deputy Directory of NIST testified on 27 June
1991 that DSA "is expected to be available on a royalty-free basis in
the public interest world-wide." In the 30 August 1991 Federal
Register, NIST stated again "NIST expects it to be available on a
royalty-free basis. Broader use of this technique resulting from public
availability should be an economic benefit to the government and the public."
- Attacks the PKP royalty rates as `obscene' and `exploitive'. In the
June 8 announcement there is the slippery phrase, `subject to uniform
minimum fees'. The fees are neither uniform nor minimal. $10K startup
plus $10K per year for businesses under $1M per year, and $25K up front
and $10K per year for businesses over $1M per year.  ``Obviously it
would have been more difficult for PKP to convince NIST to grant PKP a
license if PKP had disclosed its actual exploitative fees---otherwise,
why has NIST been planning to require PKP to charge uniform fees?''
Sorry, that all assumes that NIST (that is, the NSA puppetmaster
driving it) isn't in full knowledge of every aspect of the complete
proposal, a rather unlikely scenario.
- He goes back and looks at early DSS testimony, and shows that
everyone's opinions on the patent infringement are divided and unsure,
whereas of those claiming `PKP and Schnorr have a serious claim upon
DSA rights' many have `a financial interest in PKP which they did not
disclose' (Bidzos, Rivest, Hellman, Fischer) which `you may not be
aware of'. (I can't imagine that M.R. Rubin could be so naive, he seems
rather likely to be an accomplice, but all bureacrats are inscrutable).
- The NIST June 8 announcement does not actually describe the exact
licensing arrangement, only generalities. He asks that NIST give the
*specific* license arrangement and restart the 60 day public hearing
period, which is already ticking.
- Objects that NIST give in to PKP patents when it has not been
demonstrated (e.g. by a court) that the DSA algorithm infringes on the
PKP patents. I think he's on thin ice here, esp. regarding the Schnorr situation.
In general Bernstein doesn't subscribe to any conspiracy theories, and
takes the view that the wool has been pulled over NIST's eyes by PKP in
withholding information (such as the `uniform minimum fees'), and is
overly optimistic about the influence of his comments and others during
the review period (``even a short letter can be devastatingly
effective'' he writes).
I think this is a bit naive. In particular, the public-key Capstone
licensing term of the arrangement (which he completely ignores)
suggests that both sides were shrewdly engaged in a mutually beneficial
arrangement (that is, between NSA and PKP, NIST dutifully cloaking the
machinations of the former). The 60 days comments period on the
licensing is probably just a smokescreen--it serves nothing other than
determining how much outrage such an action would cause, how much
collusion can be slithered through.  Writing to Rubin, he states:
I'd be glad to explain it.  `national security interests': euphemism
for widespread Clipper & Capstone penetration and a wiretapping
free-for-all. Remember, without PKP's consent, Capstone public key
exchange infringes on PKP patents.  This is an *immensely* valuable PKP
trump card and critical necessity for the NSA if they want to have a
widespread commercial standard. Stop wondering why the NIST-PKP-DSS
arrangement is so one-sided! It makes no sense unless one considers it
in the full lewd exposure of the Clipper-Capstone clampdown.
* * *
On the other hand, lots of Anti PKP-Bidzos Propaganda!
* * *
Included: why it's not `no big deal', and another call for YOU to write
letters (ah, if only all the faceless bureacrats had email addresses).
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
NIST plans to give PKP exclusive rights to NIST's DSA patent. Attached
is a copy of a letter I just sent NIST in opposition to this plan.
Some people have told me that they've read the NIST-PKP announcement and don't see any big problem. After all, they say, PKP asks for a mere 5%
royalty rate! Isn't it worth this much to settle the issue?
These people have missed a crucial phrase in the announcement. ``PKP's royalty rates for the right to make or sell products, _subject to
uniform minimum fees_, will be no more than 2 1/2% for hardware products and 5% for software...'' [italics added].
Those ``uniform fees,'' it turns out, are a minimum of $5 per program
per user, subject to a minimum of $10,000 per program per year, plus a
non-uniform startup fee of $10,000 for small companies and $25,000 for
large companies.
If you'd like to object to the NIST-PKP giveaway, you still have time. Your letter must be received by Michael R. Rubin, Acting Chief Counsel for Technology, Room A-1111, Administration Building, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Gaithersburg, MD 20899, 301-975-2803, by Friday, 6 August. (Rubin actually says that the next Monday is okay; but I wouldn't risk it.)
Even a short letter (``Dear Mr. Rubin: For NIST to grant an exclusive
DSA license to PKP would be illegal and against the public interest.
Please do not do this.'') can be devastatingly effective.
(You may also want to send a copy of your letter to the League for Programming Freedom, 1 Kendall Square  P.O. Box 9171, Cambridge, MA

@_date: 1993-06-01 16:49:22
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Newsweek Clipper Coverage 
Under `Society -- Technology' in Newsweek of June 7 1993 p.70 appears
the headline `The Code of the Future' subhead `Uncle Sam wants you to
use ciphers it can crack'. This 1 page article is pretty ambitious for
what it tries to cover. The figure shows a flowchart for encryption
over a phone using a key. (Not particularly illuminating. In particular
the role & point of the key is ambiguous.) At the bottom 1/4 page we
have a sidebar ``Great Moments in Cryptography' with 1st known
encryption (Egyptian), the Zimmerman Telegram role in WWI, the Japanese
Purple breakthrough prior to Pearl Harbor (the picture is apparently
Friedman holding the machine), and finally Nov 4 1952 (a day that will
live in infamy), Truman creates the NSA, `master of math based codes'.
The article notes in the lead-in a cute & useful `hook' for the public
& popular role  of cryptography I have been drawing for a long time for
nontechnical friends, saying that with it Queen Elizabeth could have
been spared the spectacle of the steamy Prince Charles phone
revelations and eavesdroppers would have heard nothing but a hiss, and
`no signal analyzer, no supercomputer, no wiretap could have decoded
the white noise.' Fortunately, they attribute this `reputation saving
magic' not to Clipper but a DES chip.  ``That's what America's
supersecret spymasters, the NSA, intended when they designed the
cryptographic system in the 70s with IBM.'' (glaring errata; their
involvement has always been officially claimed as *secondary* and
*subsidiary* to IBM's, if even at all. But, it is an error in our favor.)
Article doesn't mention Clipper by name, but says it was essentially a
response to the unbreakable aspects of DES using key system.  Eric
Hughes, `computer security expert [at] Berkeley': ``The government is
saying, `If you want to lock something up, you have to [give us] the key'.''
Next, the motivation. Our networks are insecure, Internet ``broken into
90 percent more times than 1991'' (where'd that little statistic come
from? Gene Spafford?). Security of medical records, credit-card
purchases, video rentals, cellular phones at stake.  NSA chip used by
AT&T would take a supercomputer over a billlion years to solve, says R.
Kammer of NIST.
Problems: NSA hasn't revealed the algorithm so nobody knows if its
`hackproof'; agencies holding keys are vulnerable to `recreational
hackers, foreign spooks, and industrial spies.'
Here comes the gut-wrencher.  ``For now now one is forced to use the
NSA chip. But manufacturers who put a rival chip into, say, their
modems would likely be denied government contracts, as well as export
licenses for the NSA-proof products.  Even that may not appease the
spymasters.  ***No one rules out a mandatory encryption standard,''
says NIST spokesman Mat Heyman.***''
Is that quote from the point of view `our concerns on this have not
been allayed' or in the vein `all the NSA henchmen I know are chomping
at the bit to legislate a monopoly or outlaw non-Clipper chips'?
Overall, I'd say a favorable article that covers the basics, and rather
excellent editing given the severe space limitation (less than many
newspaper articles). Written by Sharon Begley with Melinda Liu in
Washington and Joshua Cooper Ramo.
* * *
Cypherpunks, I'm extremely concerned about these little quotes popping
up in the media. Just a few days ago we hear in the Washington Post:
 >technology, which is crackable by the NSA, and to ban use of the
I sure hope that `official' has absolutely nothing to do with Clipper,
but that's unlikely.  It seems to me these are the sounds of a slow,
sinister rumbling underway.  Sometimes quotes like these are `floated
trial balloons' but other times they are grotesque flickers of real
internal machinations.  The more I hear them the more I think they are
in the latter category.
So far, the administration and media just don't `get it' that a
firestorm is in the making over any hair-thin deviation from the
standard of `no domestic regulation of encryption'.  If NSA & the
administration thinks that the Clipper brouhaha was containable, just
wait until they go a nanometer past it in the wrong direction.
Actually, a Supreme Court case on cryptography issues seems in some
ways to be inevitable.  Wow, I'd say there'd probably be enough
artillery to seriously damage NSA in that confrontation.
Cypherpunks, I'd like to compile a list of all quotations on the
`regulation of domestic cryptography' topic. That way we'll have a
propaganda poster all ready if any idiot bureacrat thinks they can
thumb their nose any further.  I have the original announcement text
and the Washington Post text above. It seems to me that an NIST
representative claimed there were `no plans' to outlaw other
cryptography. Where was that? Can everyone send me whatever they have on this topic?
P.S. Many tx. to E.H. for the thorough and excellent collection in
- - -
For reference, here are the original Orwellian weasel words form the
April 16 announcement:
Q:   If the Administration were unable to find a technological
     solution like the one proposed, would the Administration be
     willing to use legal remedies to restrict access to more
     powerful encryption devices?
A:   This is a fundamental policy question which will be
     considered during the broad policy review.  The key escrow
     mechanism will provide Americans with an encryption product
     that is more secure, more convenient, and less expensive
     than others readily available today, but it is just one
     piece of what must be the comprehensive approach to
     encryption technology, which the Administration is
     developing.
     The Administration is not saying, "since encryption
     threatens the public safety and effective law enforcement,
     we will prohibit it outright" (as some countries have
     effectively done); nor is the U.S. saying that "every
     American, as a matter of right, is entitled to an
     unbreakable commercial encryption product."  There is a
     false "tension" created in the assessment that this issue is
     an "either-or" proposition.  Rather, both concerns can be,
     and in fact are, harmoniously balanced through a reasoned,
     balanced approach such as is proposed with the "Clipper
     Chip" and similar encryption techniques.

@_date: 1993-06-01 23:24:34
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: whistle for Whistleblowing! 
Oh, the bright sun is shining through! This is absolutely perfect timing.
I just ran rn and what did it have to report?
alt.whistleblowing not in .newsrc -- Add unsubscribed?
Cypherpunks, alt.whistleblowing has been created!  Special thanks to
Miron Cuperman, a First Class Grade A Cypherpunk, who took care of the
electronic paperwork on this one after reading my desperate posting(s).
(I don't understand though, at my site it didn't appear for over a week
since the control message was sent out.) If it's not at your site send
mail to your news administrator and ask if there's some kind of
conspiracy going on to prevent you from seeing it :)
I generally *don't* recommend that the Mycotronx postings be sent there
(yet), even if someone can set up an untraceable path. I talked to the
poster today and he has many plans for them that might be disrupted by
any further publicity. In fact, he told me he *accidentally* posted
them to the cypherpunks list! He thought it would just go to the
`moderator' (Eric Hughes). Explains a bit.
Watch for a FAQ to the group (possibly here first) and advertisements
in other groups.
Also: HOW TO CONTRIBUTE IMMEDIATELY. Find relevant material from any
groups you have ever visited and FORWARD IT. Make sure to be very
thorough in citing the source and background of the posting.
Let the games begin!  The doors are open! Fire away, soldiers!
p.s. If anyone wants to run an interesting and critical project, I
think that the `control' group should be monitored for message cancels
in alt.whistleblower, cancelling parties should be *exposed*, and the
cancelled postings in particular should be *preserved*.

@_date: 1993-06-07 19:22:27
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: more ominous shudders from the bowels of NSA 
Another ominous, foreboding quote.
This article, nor any other alluding to `bans on cryptographic
methods', is not sufficiently disturbing or alarmist.  An such law
would be blatantly, egregiously, grotesquely unconstitutional under
protections of free speech.  All hell would break lose if any such
attempt reared its hideously monstrous face--imagine the Clipper `flap'
multiplied by a gigabyte.  Please, regarding cryptography, don't say
that `the genie is out of the bottle' or `the laws would be
unenforceable' -- these are tantamount to saying, `go ahead, we DARE
you to try!'  I fear more and more the reply will soon be, `try THIS!'

@_date: 1993-06-08 20:37:37
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: TIS/PEM FAQ as of 8 June 1993 
do you have any plans to get this on news.answers? It would be great
there. Also, You should consider sci.crypt. I can help you with either
if you need it.

@_date: 1993-06-08 21:24:17
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: a "great" NSA revelation 
[E.H. & L.D.]
I've analyzed this elsewhere. You are taking this at face value. First
of all, the person (apparently a very high-ranking advisor, probably
the highest and closest to the project to appear in the media) is
already talking in the past tense. If they were confident and not
rattled it would be `we've come up with a technique that doesn't
require legislation'.  So far so good. But at this late date, and the
quote is presumably fresh, it has that vague hint that they are now
*considering* the legislative approach given the `nice guy' approach failed.
Cypherpunks, beware! I think it could really happen. *No one* in the
government has ruled out domestic cryptographic regulation. We have
nothing but the spineless whimperings of Kammer saying `I can't see
what it would accomplish'.  Everybody has this strange mindset that
such a thing is conceivable.  WHAT? As I was telling someone on the
list, that would be like waking up *into* a nightmare.
Here's the likely scenario: they come up with a way of `certifying' or
`licensing' cryptographic equipment with penalties that have some teeth
(like ability to confiscate on `suspicion'!) and intimidate
cryptographic developers. Why? Well, to protect the public from
inferior cryptography, of course.  We have to make sure there's no
problems with the hardware, isn't that obvious?  I hope CPSR and EFF
have their lawyers revved up, because this is Supreme Court material.
Legislation of cryptography is the most obnoxious, foul-smelling
decomposition I've ever considered.
Doesn't anyone get it? Clipper represents a startling shift from NSA
policy to tinkering with *domestic* cryptography on the *large-scale*
by intent, despite, as CPSR points out, no legal foundation whatsoever
(and in fact, I'd buy a jackhammer or bulldozer before I see anybody
erecting one). A startling shift from a passive to an *active* role in
ensuring wiretapping.  The seriousness of this kind of infraction only
comes around once every few decades.  Don't be fooled by the recent
suggestions that Clipper will be put on hold!  The root of the conflict
is still untouched!
You seem to favor a legislative approach to protecting cryptography.
Well, all I can say is that there are a lot of pitfalls. In my opinion
a 200 year old scrap of paper is all the verbiage we need.  There is
nothing extremely unusual about cryptography from a legal standpoint.
Its just another medium of data transmission.
I'm glad you came to this epiphany on the original, true treachery of
the `initiative', but I'm sorry to say I don't share it. If by
`executive' you are alluding to Clinton, clearly he had very little to
do with it, and as I've said elsewhere on sci.crypt, his support is
convenient but not necessary. Even Bush's involvement was surely
extremely marginal at best.
The *true* problem is that there is a massive entrenchment of inbred
bureacrats at a site that has the initials F.M. that is completely
insulated from the periodic cleansings of elections, devoid of overhead
accountability and the venerable mechanisms for `checks and balances'
and `division of power' in our government you cite, and paid tens of
billions of dollars a year by *us* to find ways of *evading*
protections on privacy and spying on the neighbors (friend and foe
alike). They will not go away quietly. Ah, but as everyone knows, neither will I.
BTW, could anyone give a reference on the FEAL politics history? It's
just like deja vu all over again.

@_date: 1993-06-11 17:45:52
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: heavy Clipper ammunition 
This will be a short note.  The apologists for Clipper on sci.crypt
including Sternlight, Denning, Tighe, Goble, and others tend to
ultimately fall back on the argument `What's the big deal? Its
voluntary!'  In some ways, this is their last and most desperate
argument.  Here are the critical reasons why that is not an acceptable
excuse or redeeming feature.
1) Whether Clipper is *currently* voluntary is meaningless given the
possibility that it could later become a legislated standard. The
argument that it is `voluntary' is worthless unless there is an
explicit *guarantee* of such. But, as the original Clipper announcement
makes obvious, no such promise is made, apparently because it could not
be adhered to.
2) As the CPSR statements point out, NSA has no legal authority to
propose a domestic cryptographic standard. (That it pretends that
President Clinton and the NIST are the actual purveyors is ugly
deceit.)  Nor, likely, would any such domestic authority ever be
granted to the agency.  In some ways, that's the whole point of NIST's
cryptographic standards role: that it would be unchained and
unmanipulated by NSA.  Kammer's meek whimperings in the media prove
this is clearly not the case.
3) I don't know who first suggested this, but there is every
possibility that the entire plan with Clipper was to make it voluntary
*initially* followed by a later legislative enforcement with its
proliferation. After all, Clipper would give the NSA the critical `foot
in the door' into domestic U.S. cryptography, at which point it would
have a toehold to make further encroachments.  Hence, the current
arguments that `it's only voluntary' are perhaps the ultimate hypocritical lie.

@_date: 1993-06-11 19:21:29
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: it's official: PKP sells out for Clipper 
more weasel words:
what else?
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Sender: news at rand.org
Organization: Banzai Institute
This text was transcribed from a fax and may have transcription
errors.  We believe the text to be correct but some of the numbers
may be incorrect or incomplete.

@_date: 1993-06-11 19:54:25
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: more Clipper proponents on sci.crypt 
Call me paranoid, but I think the NSA has decided that sci.crypt is now a good spot to level propaganda.
Organization: U of Maryland, Dept. of Computer Science, Coll. Pk., MD 20742
The more I see statements like these, the more I suspect that the Clipper has a backdoor besides the key escrow systems.  I think the whole escrow issue is a decoy to getting a widespread NSA standard in place.  Also, keep in mind it could be the case that NSA builds different versions of the chips over time. How would we ever know?
Organization: U of Cambridge Computer Lab, UK
This guy then goes on to propose a lot of bizarre international configurations of key escrow. Holy cow-- this guy is advocating *international* key escrow?
Good lord, cypherpunks, I wouldn't be surprised if Britain soon official endorses the Clipper. All our worst paranoia would be reality.  Consider it: the NSA and GCHQ have been in active collaboration ever since WWII and especially in recent years. This is all documented by Bamford.  What if Clipper is not just amenable to the NSA, but was also developed with British input?
I don't care if `the Agency' is happy or not. I think they would most definitely *not* be happy under such an arrangement and would use any significant Clipper entrenchment as torque to later ban alternative cryptographic schemes.
I'm growing desperately weary. I think the tidal wave is approaching.

@_date: 1993-06-12 23:02:29
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: PKP sellout = betrayal 
S. Bellovin By cooperating with NIST on DSA and Clipper, they are implicitly
sending the message that the poorly-to-outrageously directed standards
making processes for both are wholly acceptable assuming PKP directly
profits.  That is, that is the weak `nonconspirational' interpretation.
The conspirational interpretation is that this announcement is just a
blatant indication that PKP, in addition to NIST, is controlled by the NSA.
Let me remind everyone that Capstone has a yet-unspecified exchange
protocol. Denning suggested on RISKS that Diffie-Hellman (covered by
PKP patents) `could be used'.  There is some serious evasion going on
here. If Capstone is already built, with a public-key algorithm
installed, it suggests that PKP has been cooperating on the
Clipper/Capstone proposals all along.  It will be most interesting to
hear announcements on Capstone that announce its key exchange mechanism.
PKP `had' the ability to murder Clipper/Capstone in its crib if it so
desired, more so than any other single nexus, by denying the right to
use public key algorithms (on which it now has a strangling,
monopolistic lock). Gad, I can't believe it didn't occur to me to lobby
them to do so. In retrospect, it wouldn't have done anything more than
heighten the inevitable betrayal.
Maybe Mr. Bellovin can clarify how this agreement represents an
`encouraging trend in the private sector to compete with the NSA' --
Good lord man, not unless you think that PKP represents the entire
private sector in cryptographic applications. Uh, touche' -- you do and it does.
Does anybody feel like raiding PKP dumpsters? :(
P.S. doubt P.R.Z. will be in a docile mood after hearing this one...

@_date: 1993-06-13 23:21:39
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: alt.whistleblowing-cypherpunk FAQ 
J. Michael Diehl Mr. Diehl:
If you had taken the time to read any significant portion of
alt.whistleblowing traffic, I would imagine you would have stumbled on
messages where I presented an outline/preliminary FAQ and an anonymous
posting described precisely how to use Julf's remailer to send traffic
(which were posted under a week ago).  I take great offense at your
hasty, flippant denigration of it so far as a `flamefest'. While of
course I'm not really associated with alt.whistleblowers at all in the
grand cyberspatial scheme of things, I feel a smidgeon of personal
responsibility for the group.  Are you paying attention? Have you seen
my promises there and on the cypherpunk list to create the FAQ?
So far, IMHO, the traffic has mostly been very high-caliber and even
spectacular. A lady named Karen Lofstrom reported how her boss at a
Hawaii university misused ~$100,000 in funds and work of public
employees on his private company -- from NSA grant money -- starting a
long thread of sympathetic responses (she alluded to this earlier on
sci.crypt I believe but expanded it beautifully in alt.whistleblower).
We have other interesting revelations so far too.  There are messages
pointing out a private `whistleblowing support organization' and how to
contact them.
Your message, upon rereading it, makes me extremely exasperated. It
reconfirms my suspicion that a large part of traffic on this list and
tactics in the Cypherpunk arsenal are to just give lip service to
interesting ideas but leave the messy and laborious detail work to
others. Despite plenty of great fireworks on this list, I have seen no
tangible contributions from others on the whistleblowing project other
than Miron Cuperman's gracious effort to create the group (despite
grandiose reassurances to the contrary), and Julf's immediate support
of it, two individuals who are already highly active and motivated
outside of their cypherpunk involvement.  Furthermore, I've encountered
many extremely frustrating obstructions here.  I've seen great
accomplishments by individuals who call themselves `cypherpunks' but
none by well-orchestrated collections of them.
This is not to discourage positive effort in the future by anyone on
this list on the whistleblower project or anything else. It is to
suggest that the Cypherpunks are so intensely individualistic as to
preclude group projects and large-scale cooperation, and that this is a
serious obstacle to enacting meaningful, critical change on the agenda.
 (Go ahead, flame me and ask what I've done for everyone lately --- I
won't respond. That is not the spirit of my words.)
The statement that makes my blood boil violently is the following:
How is it that `we' created this group? All I've seen here is
voluminous verbiage (yes, mine included).  I appreciate the call to
arms and cooperation, but I've tried it here before with impoverished,
negligible, and excruciatingly painful results. How long ago did you
join the list? I've already posted ways for cypherpunks to help out on
the whistleblowing newsgroup. The simplest way is to just go there and
post something useful or assimilate existing traffic into something useful.
Mr. Diehl, the following is not a personal request. On behalf of the
hundreds of people who read the cypherpunks list, I humbly ask you (and
remind all other cypherpunks) to put the tiniest greater effort into
your postings to the mailing list that, like all others, take the time
of everyone to sort in their mailbox, and make every effort to direct
messages through personal email where appropriate. I've asked you
before politely in private email to no response, or apparently, effect.
 It is only in the rarest of occasions I will ever put forth such a
request, and an even more unusual case to go public with it. I
appreciated your volunteering to do the email survey but turning around
with the final summary and admitting yourself that you're `too lazy to
tabulate results' I find highly annoying (what is the point?), and I
think does a disservice to the people who took the time to respond
(including myself).
Following is some traffic from the group. Some favorite quotes:
FAQ referring to that private whistleblower agency:
Also, from Karen Lofstrom, the NSA grant whistleblower:
awaii.Edu!uhunix3.uhcc.Hawaii.Edu!lofstrom Tue, 8 Jun 1993 03:55:08 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.whistleblowing
Keywords: NSA, whistleblowing
Sender: news at news.Hawaii.Edu
Organization: University of Hawaii
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL0]
Lines: 83
I noted with interest the creation of this newsgroup and looked forward to
reading the contributions of other whistleblowers.  However, no
whistleblowers have come forward.  I suppose I'll have to post, then.
I'm a fired whistleblower.  After working five months of a part-time job
funded by a NSA grant, at Chaminade University (note that this case does
not involve the University of Hawaii, under whose auspices I post), I had
begun to realize that my boss was misusing the grant.  He was using
government paid clerical labor, including mine, to run several businesses. He was ordering equipment for the grant from his own company, and charging
the government twice what he charged any other customers (and a 1000%
markup over what he actually paid for the equipment).  I started collecting
documentation of the problems, sneaking xeroxes when no one was looking.  I didn't know anything about how to blow a whistle, so I consulted a
friend of mine who worked in the state prosecutor's office.  He suggested
I contact a LARGE, reputable law firm, which I did.  The lawyer I
consulted was friendly and helpful, even refusing to charge for his
services.  I had been planning to go talk to the university.  The lawyer
said that they had failed in their oversight, would probably be more
inclined to cover things up than fix them.  He suggested I phone the
granting agency and talk to someone there (though not the person directly
responsible for the grant, who was a friend of the grantee, and had taken
an expensive present from him). Well, the lawyer didn't know that you can't phone the NSA. I had a phone number from the copy of the grant I had surreptitiously
xeroxed, but the operator said they would accept calls from secure lines
only.  Write a letter, she said.  I wrote a letter and chewed my nails for a week. They didn't respond at
all.  So I took the advice of another friend and went to the FBI and the
DCIS (Defense Criminal Investigation Services).  They started an
investigation.  I was fired.  I didn't go to the press because I was trying to be nice, and reasonable,
and hoping that the government would take some action.  I didn't
necessarily want my ex-boss prosecuted, I just wanted the waste stopped.  Well, the DCIS decided not to prosecute.  They said that my charges
weren't unfounded, but that the case was so complex that they weren't sure
they could win it in a jury trial.  Well, the investigator told me that. The DCIS never put anything on paper.  So I wrote the NSA, asking if they
were taking any steps to prevent further waste and fraud.  They advised me
to contact the DCIS.  I wrote the DCIS, they didn't answer.  I went to my
Congressman, who wrote to the NSA.  The NSA told him to tell me to write
to the DCIS.  I wrote the DCIS and they didn't answer.  I wrote the
Congressman again and got no reply.  So I went to the papers.   The local alternative weekly wasn't interested;
they said they didn't have enough writers to cover all the stories.  I
went to the mainstream newspaper, which was extremely interested at
first.  Then the reporter discovered that I had been fired over a year
ago.  This made the whole thing non-news.  Apparently if I had contacted
them while the investigation was still going on, it would have been news. Several people have advised me to sue.  There is a law forbidding
the firing of whistleblowers.  However, the damages to be
to be recovered might be slight, given that it was a low-paying clerical
job, and I would have to pay for the suit out of my own pocket.  The NSA didn't renew the grant. However, they didn't do anything to crack
down on my ex-boss.  He stole approximately $100,000 from the taxpayers,
and he's going to get away with it.  For the halls of infamy: the grant was NSA Grant PR MDA904-91-H-5002.   The grantee was Dr. John Wollstein. I keep asking myself, what could I have done differently?  I do wish that
I had been on the net then, that this topic had existed, and that I could
have gotten some advice from other whistleblowers.  I wish that I'd
contacted the press as soon as I was fired, rather than trying to be "nice".
I'd like some discussion of this, but I would hope that it could be
productive.  It wouldn't make me feel any better to have peoplle flaming
for being stupid about this or that, given that _I'm_ the one who paid the
price for trying to do the right thing.  ----- Karen Lofstrom           lofstrom at uhunix.uhcc.Hawaii.edu
                                K.Lofstrom on GEnie
s.unc.edu!welchg 8 Jun 1993 12:59:43 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.whistleblowing
Organization: The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Lines: 109
Distribution: world
NNTP-Posting-Host: sirius.cs.unc.edu
Keywords: NSA, whistleblowing
My God Karen, I would hope that nobody would "flame" you!  Nobody should have
to go through what you did, but unfortunately it happens.  The world has enough
problems without people like your old employer adding their garbage.  Good for
you for being strong & courageous enough to do something.  My hat is off to
I have a few suggestions/comments inserted below.  But *most* importantly,
I *strongly* suggest that you contact:
Project on Government Oversight
2025 I Street, NW
Suite 1117
Washington, DC  20006
(this should be placed in a FAQ or such for this group...?)
Ask to speak to someone about your situation, and ask them to send you some
literature about their organization (they have a booklet, etc.)  They may
be able to help you obtain legal help (ACLU?) etc.  Best of all it will do
you good to know that there *are* people, even organizations, who are trying
to stop the waste, abuse, fraud, etc.
Some background:
"The Project" (as they like to refer to it) is a non-profit organization that
has been around for several years (previously called the Government
Accountability Project or GAP.)  I have worked with them in the past (a guy
named Keith Rutter in particular -- don't know if he's still there) and feel
that they are a *great* source for help in a situation like yours.  In fact,
that's all they do, full-time, is assist "whistleblowers" in correcting or
exposing such problems.  This organization has access to government officals
(congressmen & women, etc.) as well as other legal & publicity entities.
Their goal is to assist people like you (and me it so happens) in addressing
such problems in the most *effective* manner.  In other words, they are
experienced in working quietly with people like us (reading this group) to
accomplish as much as possible, without causing one to become a martyr for
the cause.  And when "quiet" is no longer appropriate, they will also help
doing whatever is necessary.
The organization also maintains an extensive network of past whistleblowers,
and experts in various fields who are happy to assist (e.g. with problems
that are of a particular technical nature.)
BTW, you just made me realize that I need to contact them to see if they
can read (or are already reading) this news group somehow.  Boy, I wish this
group was around when I was in a similar situation.
Now, a few posting-specific comments...
In article ,
[stuff deleted]
Most certainly ask the people at "The Project" about this.  It *sounds* like
you have a pretty tight case (caveat: I'm *not* a lawyer :-) ).  Anyway, it
*is* against the law for anyone to seek retribution against someone in your
situation.  It is also possible that punitive damages could be awarded (not
sure) in which case you might get enough to make the disruption to your life
a little more tolerable.  Besides, if you could get the ACLU (or such) to
represent you, the greatest accomplishment might be to publicize your case,
giving hope to those in similar situations, and cause to worry to other
would-be thieves.
Boy, not if we can help it! I will call "the project" today to let them
know about the net.  Please send me mail if you want me to mention your
name & situation, I could ask them to contact you if you want.
[stuff deleted]
Don't look back too much, it may not be over yet.  You may still be able to
do something about this.
Thanks for the most meaningful posting to this newsgroup yet, and thanks for
doing what you did.

@_date: 1993-06-17 20:28:26
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Blasting Bidzos Blather 
The following message is FOR CYPHERPUNKS ONLY. I specifically
*prohibit* further distribution past the mailing list! Please do not
betray my trust!
The more I read from Bidzos, the less I believe he has any overall
control or even awareness of the company, or is purposely duplicitous.
His vague and weak defenses I find personally intelligence-insulting.
DSS seemed to defy the face of all public input into the standard,
which opposed the NIST algorithms (`handed down' in a dictatorial and
authoritarian manner, sound familiar?) in favor of RSA. How is it that
Bidzos makes no reference to this? Apologists for DSS such as Denning
do so on two major grounds: 1) it is part of the larger plan involving
Clipper, therefore lack of duality in encryption and authentication
features (an implicit characteristic of RSA) is not a problem 2) the
security is `no weaker' (cunningly disguised as to appear to say
`better') than RSA. Both are noxiously misleading arguments in
themselves, but are also decoys (like key escrow agencies and
procedures) to the critical issues at stake.
The critical point is that even the *appearance* of a `fair and
impartial' standards making process was totally defied, to the point of
suggesting a complete clandestine backroom collusion! (hm, sound
familiar?) But gosh, I wonder how many people would have advocated RSA
back then when they could predict the future: that NIST would not only
embrace PKP but would award them a complete monopoly on signature standards.
Somehow proponents of this new NSA-Clipper-Capstone obscenity are now
pointing back to history and saying that the main objections to DSS
standards were *technical* (strength of the algorithm) and *legal* (PKP
patenting) and that they have been wholly ameliorated by improvements
(in key size) and recent events (PKP support). This is historical
revisionism at its worst!   From my point of view, critical main
objections were on the warped process that permitted an unpopular (and
perhaps even subversive) standard be adopted!  This revisionism
definitely suggests something deeper and `ulterior' is going on---that
a comprehensive NSA-PKP alliance is in place?
First, I find it absolutely ridiculous for an informed agent of PKP,
and for that person to coincidentally be called the *president*, to
claim that `we don't dictate terms to licensees'. This is only true in
the sense that if the licensee does not agree to the terms put down by
PKP, they don't get the license!
Second, I would like to see PKP contracts. There are probably more
clauses than a bad run-on sentence. I'll go out on a limb and wager
that PKP *does* limit the use of RSA in the company's products, and
that the licenses are fairly specific. It seems rather inconceivable to
me that any such corporate agreement that could be so simplistically
summarized as `PKP gives rights to company [x] to use RSA in *any* of
their products as long as they pay [y] royalties'.  The agreement is
very likely product-specific and implementation-limiting. Perhaps Mr.
Bidzos or representatives of companies involved would be willing to
forward copies of these agreements for our consideration of Mr. Bidzos'
claims, assuming they are not `classified'...
Third, regardless of presence of product-specific limitations in the
licenses, and even if PKP has sold licenses to companies that somehow
permit them the latitude to include RSA technology in their Clipper
implementations, PKP can certainly take the future stance that they
will prohibit that use in future corporate contracts! If Mr. Bidzos
really thinks that Clipper is `ill-conceived, ill-timed, and
undesirable' perhaps he should figure out how to keep his company from
supporting, nay, *promoting* and *profiting* from it. Let's look again
at the announcement:
`at no additional fee'? What does that mean, `for free'? This
apparently means  Mycotronx, despite being a private company, does not
need to license (read: pay for) the RSA patents on the critical
key-exchange function for use in Capstone for *any* implementations
(public or private), nor does any other company NSA decides to induct
into its privileged enclave. Hm, I wonder how RSA's other `customers'
feel about that? And why would PKP voluntarily give up this potentially
valuable revenue source?
Clipper implementations could be *extremely* lucrative for PKP. That
they don't license them specifically, and in fact voluntarily give up
the perogative to do so, suggests that they gave up something greater
in return for them. Namely, the award of an official U.S.
government-endorsed monopoly on DSS and arguably all valuable
cryptographic techniques.
By the way, let's look Mr. Bidzos' quote on Clipper. Clipper is
`ill-timed'? What does this suggest, that a NSA-PKP partnership would
be better served if it came out sooner or later? Clipper is
`ill-conceived and undesirable'? For who? Was it that PKP perhaps
didn't hear about it soon enough to rob all the tasty new cryptographic
algorithm patents surrounding it, like it did with the Schnorr patent? The licensing notice (which was probably reviewed and approved by PKP
representatives) refers to Clipper as `an anticipated Federal
Information Processing Standard?' How, Mr. Bidzos, can this new
revelation possibly be construed to indicate that Clipper `will go away'? Yes, I suppose Mr. Bellovin was right. The omnipresent underlying
message here is that nothing is unethical if PKP profits from it.
I advise cypherpunks not to take Mr. Bidzos' comments literally. They
are, however, interesting from the perspective of the study of the
speech of either an uninformed figurehead or a capitalist (or even
nationalist) co-conspirator.
P.S. all cypherpunks `for' an alliance with PKP, please raise your
hand. I personally find the image of `lumbering but ultimately
benevolent corporation' too incredible to hold in the face of recent
events, and am now actually quite embarrassed to have advocated some
`good faith' proposals involving the company which look naively
misguided in hindsight.  PKP is not going to go away when a few of its
patents expire. To the contrary, it appears to be clutching everything
within reach to ensure its eternal domination in the commercial
cryptographic field.  (sound familiar? a PKP-NSA alliance makes perfect sense.)

@_date: 1993-06-21 15:56:19
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: one reaction: early FOIA results 
I'm really amazed how unbiased these letters are. In fact, maybe they
were designed to be suitable for FOIA release. There is none of the
one-sided propaganda tone of the Clipper announcement.  Virtually all
the critical arguments *against* Clipper (which can always be taken in
parallel as criticisms of the current NSA role) are present -- except
for the constitutionality of its introduction or enforcement. The
arguments `against' are even labelled `true' and `persuasive'. I wonder
if any of this means anything. It could just be a gimmick to suggest
that `all concerns were fairly balanced in the proposal'. Does anyone
suppose that the important military aides anticipate FOIA requests and
come up with bland and benign documents to satisfy them?
For the first time we have an official confirmation that the original
intent of Clipper (or similar technology) was to make it *mandatory*. I think this is rather ironic considering many of the apologist's
current main rationalizations (Denning, Sternlight, etc.) that it is a
`voluntary' program.  Caveat Emptor!
`incentivised' -- a cute euphemism for collusion.  I wonder to what
extent they were `incentivised'.
eeks, that sounds amazingly ominous. Why would they say in one sentence
`law enforcement officials have access to the keys' and then in the
next `the security of the scheme for national security purposes is not revealed'?
wow, they call Clipper `trapdoor technology' -- great PR, for us.
`narcotraffickers' -- doesn't sound as hysterically paranoid as `drug
dealers'. Also, first time I've heard SIGINT and `espionage agents of
foreign powers' mentioned `officially' relative to Clipper (although of
course that intent was obvious). Just another effective death threat on
Clipper, because it will have the absolute *least* effect in foreign countries.
hehe, it's the NSA that is highly emotional. I'd say they're shuddering
and crying. OK OK, low blow, sorry.
[proliferation of strong cryptography]
both. already.
hm, how could that be? It wouldn't have anything to do with draconian
export regulations, would it?
So, in short, we have greater confirmation of our worst fears: Clipper
was not just designed to be domestic, the purveyors of Clipper were
considering a *mandatory* scheme from the start, and national
intelligence interests have been obscured intentionally.  Also, we have
many more obfuscations of who `directed' the Clipper approach -- it
claims that the president did. This phrasing is very critical,
understand, because the NSA has no authority to make such a proposal,
and they must continue to assert that it was originated by the
Executive branch for it to have any semblance of legitimacy.  Note how
they always evade mention of *which* president, it is just The
President.  (Or as Sternlight once told me, The Whitehouse.)
Hm. This from a letter dated April 30, Clipper released April 16. Is
this a `reaction' or an `anticipation'?  This terminology overall
closely mirrors the Clipper announcement. Blacked out sections
presumably contain arguments on NSA capabilities relative to the new
technology.  Things like `the proliferation of strong cryptography is a
very serious threat to the continued existence of the agency' and `a
major current trend of diminuition and erosion in signal interception
capabilities can be identified.'
It seems to me that the next major threat will be something
approximating a mandatory scheme using cloaked terminology (e.g.  under
the guise of `regulating the industry' and `protecting the consumer')
as I wrote on sci.crypt.  I think we really have to drive home the
point that any mandatory scheme is fundamentally unconstitutional. This
little epiphany apparently has not occured to anyone who matters in the
development of Clipper policy yet.
BTW what is the significance of two copies of the same letter here?
p.s. special thanks to J. Gilmore for this critical information.

@_date: 1993-06-23 21:59:33
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: a new role for the NSA 
"Pat Farrell" Hey cypherpunks, I recognize that it is critical to balance our
criticisms with proposals for improvement. For example, in an earlier
list of chief criticisms on Clipper I also brought up the point that a
cryptographic standard developed under an impartial standards-creation
process would be acceptable.
Hence, let's get this into the collective psyche: NSA is definitely
extremely endangered in the `signal interception' role. However, just
to prove that we're not totally out to get all those black spooks, I
propose that we emphasize that the NSA pursue a different role that
they are in an immensely beneficial position to undertake: *promoting*
cryptography use among the public and in government. Don't laugh! A
very major part of NSA is dedicated to maintaining and developing the
codes and machines that the rest of the military uses.  The dichotomy
in the two aspects of the organization was apparent with e.g. Kahn's
speculation on the development of DES (make it stronger! say the
makers.  make it weaker! say the breakers).  If we gently or jarringly
prod NSA into more of the `making' instead of the `breaking' role, that
would be a way of not overly offending too many bureacrats by giving
them the sacred escape hatch.
So: don't advocate completely dismantling the NSA. (That may happen,
but if it does it will happen on its own without any encouragement.)
Instead, say that in the Post Cold War era they are better suited to
shift into the code*making* arena instead of the overlong insistence of
the code*breaking* domination. Gosh, think of all those lonely NSA
geniuses who have secure schemes but are being overruled. Imagine what
this expertise could do for commercial cryptography and American
technological competitiveness/supremacy if they were allowed to say
`your algorithm is weak because' and not
`---[CENSORED-CONFIDENTIAL-INFORMATION]---'.  We have to paint
ourselves as moderates before we can shine as extremists.
Also, let me remind everyone to COUNTER the arguments that we now need
a vast framework of intelligence gathering on `commercial espionage' --
I'm not denying that it is a problem or even an increasingly
significant one, but this is *not* the role for government. That's why
the word `commercial' is in there! Government involvement here will do
nothing but restrain and restrict the mobility of companies involved;
they have plenty of opportunities to hire deft independent consultants
but a large bureacracy can do nothing for them but endanger them.
* * *
Satellite Torque
By the way, I've been reading a lot about how satellite intelligence
data is starting to get freed up based on pressure by companies such as
Martin Marietta, who would like to sell the lucrative information
(surprise, other countries already are and since we aren't allowed to
we're dying in an important market we could potentially dominate). There is a great deal of classified satellite surveillance data out
there and the fact that some of it might be on the way to being
unchained is highly encouraging for the overall Cypherpunk cause. Just
a little sunshine disinfectant leaking through, eh?
Opening up satellite data is a way of putting more pressure on NSA,
which, from what I understand, devotes a great deal of staff toward
interpreting it. Or maybe that's another intelligence agency. Either
way, it's a valuable wedge and torque we need to pry loose some major
obstacles. If anybody is in a position to facilitate the release or
dissemination of this data, go for it!
* * *
NSA: a big bureacracy or a bunch of bureacrats?
Someone brought up the point that NSA is really just a whole lot of
disconnected bureacrats who are really more interested in saving their
own careers than any selfless motive such as promoting the stability of
any overall government agency.  This of course has relative accuracy,
but either way we should try to use it as leverage against Clipper and
the NSA cryptography-regulation role.  I'd say the first step is to get
in contact with whoever makes these policies or is involved!  If we
could get a list of email addresses of `VIPS in CRYPT' together to
lobby, that would be stupendous. However, it seems to me that as soon
as anyone tries this they are going to find out pretty fast how much of
a uniform monolith the whole of NSA is.  It's extremely isolated and
guarded as a cohesive *whole*.
But! I get the feeling there are a lot of independent *contractors* and
*consultants* associated with the NSA. Anybody have any idea of how to
get a list of them? We have the people from Mycotronx by name--why
don't we have any email addresses? What about AT&T? Surely somebody who
matters besides jim at rsa.com has an email address.  Consider this the
Great CypherPunk Treasure Hunt.  happy hunting!

@_date: 1993-06-24 18:00:09
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: NSA expert diagnosis: manic hypercryptophobia 
Well, I promise not to rant as long as no one goes soft on Clipper and
the NSA. Unfortunately for the cause, I've been busy lately.  Jim McCoy
 posts some (ahem) interesting opinions on the NSA:
they are not `chartered' per se but as Bamford makes clear everyone
from the director and all the way down thinks that they live in a sort
of extra-legal limbo. The NSA has a Napoleonic complex and delusions of
grandeur that it is the fourth branch of the U.S. government--the
Police Branch (with additional powers to make policy submissions on the
level of the Executive branch). The vague and secret laws supposedly
`governing' them do nothing to restrain them. There is even a law that
exempts NSA from
certain laws unless specifically mentioned!  And tell
me, who's job is it to arrest a corrupt police officer? (A: the American public.)
`They are probably more interested in systems in use around the world
than in the U.S...'  well, this is a rather strange comment.  It
reflects both a false dichotomy and a true mutual exclusion.  NSA and
its members think that what happens in their bunker and the U.S. is
universal. It has a very imperialistic and egotistical view regarding
its sovereign cryptographic role, you understand.
The argument that what happens in the U.S. cryptographic arena is
relevant to the world at large is wrong for precisely the reasons the
NSA believes in it and right for precisely the reasons they fear.
Namely, yes, if U.S. exports strong cryptography it will penetrate the
world faster. That is how the U.S. *does* matter. If the U.S. lags
behind from absurd and asphyxiating regulations, we will find ourselves
inundated by superior products from the outside by countries that don't
have bizarre taboos against strong cryptography and secure protections
for the privacy of their citizens. That is how the U.S. *doesn't*
matter. Either way, the proliferation of strong cryptography is
inevitable. The NSA believes that strong cryptography will be
restricted internationally to the point that the U.S. quashes it. The
truth is that the U.S. will be quashed internationally to the point
that it restricts strong cryptography.
Clipper goes down in flames.
That's the problem. They should be, if they were truly accountable for
their actions and not insulated and inbred bureacrats.  Where are the
rolling heads?  Clipper is an unadulterated fiasco in every respect
except in bringing greater public attention to unconscionable
clandestine machinations in our government and cryptographic
technology. For the former, please spare us the depraved exhibitions.
For the latter, far more ethically superior demonstrations are
possible. (To say the least for both.)
Fingerprints? More like a blaring signature in neon or spraypainted
graffiti.  Clipper as `only natural'? I suppose in the way one would
consider a stillborn monster `natural'.
NSA will not be affected by strong cryptography if it doesn't spread,
that's correct. But that's like saying Communists would be unaffected
if they could prevent the spread of technology. The spread of strong
cryptography worldwide to the great detriment of signal interception is
absolutely inevitable. Clipper only shows that NSA has deluded itself
seriously enough to fail to recognize this basic truth to the point of
investing huge sums of money, expertise, and audacity in an
illegitimate project doomed to failure by its fundamental premise: that
a government can control *any* technology (let alone a powerful
emerging one) to perpetuate its own warped agenda and status quo.
P.S. the `beta vs. VHS' reference is nothing but NSA propaganda and the
terminology of apologists and spooks, and I hold it against you for
using it.  In only one way is it apt: the government is hoping they can
entrench their inferior VHS standard by market momentum and black
behind-the-scenes machinations despite the technical superiority of
competitors.  Well, sometimes inferior standards win out in the
marketplace, but only temporarily and never indefinitely. And no
government proposed VHS, or they would have been either laughed or
chased off the face of the earth.

@_date: 1993-06-24 22:13:14
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Denning on Clipper review panel 
Denning says she is on the Clipper review panel which has just started.
Also, noises about international Clipper cooperation from NIST. Finally
the cypherpunk poster's earlier comment about the absurdity of French
collaboration left to the imagination is brought to life...
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.privacy.clipper

@_date: 1993-06-29 21:19:01
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: LPF statement on PKP-DSS patent 
I especially like the part where they concisely summarize it all as
`the worst of both worlds'...
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-06-30 00:14:52
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: remailer ideas & proposals 
The remailer details have always been one of the most persistent,
relevant, and interesting aspects of this group. I'm really pleased to
see e.g. Hal Finney's attempts to automate a testing process, and
others' interests in methods of increasing reliability and security. Unfortunately, it seems to me the same problems keep popping up unresolved.
Here are a few brief ideas.
1. `dropping' messages
Here is an idea: if a remailer drops a message or forwards it
successfully it could broadcast a message to a group such as misc.test.
 There are all kinds of problems with autoresponders replying to these
kinds of messages but I think anyone who has the audacity to run an
autoresponder despite no clear mandate to do so is asking for trouble
anyway. Regarding traffic analysis, see below.
Also, Miron Cuperman was running an anonymous pool mailing list, last I
heard email pool0-request at extropria.wimsey.com with `subscribe' in the
subject line to get on it. Is this still running? Is anybody playing
with this? What are people doing with this anyway?
Now, for some *really* radical ideas. If cypherpunk remailers were
truly impervious to traffic analysis then we wouldn't *care* if
detailed statistics on mail messages were broadcast to the world,
because correlations would be intractable to determine so it wouldn't matter.
So, I propose that remailers actually start posting to a list somewhere
*all* internal traffic. This will create an excellent incentive for
them to implement traffic-analysis-thwarting (TAT?) mechanisms. Of
course, the mechanisms should be implemented before they start
broadcasting this information!
The broadcasting of this information is like built-in accountability.
If people see trends they can notify operators of their weaknesses. It
actually *encourages* the development of traffic analysis and thereby
improved safeguards.  Also, it helps us paint an excellent *overall*
picture of remailer use and increase their exposure to the `unwashed masses'.
BTW, I would like to see a list that keeps track of the professed
`logging' practices and historical reliability of the various remailers. 2. Embedded messages
I've been thinking about the whole idea of message transmission in
SMTP, and it strikes me as very sloppy. We have this system where
intermediate hosts can tack on junk at the beginning and ending of
messages (such as `Received' lines, overflow headers, etc.) without
violating any standards. I think this should change--an explicit
standard handling this modification should be in place and anyone that
doesn't adhere to it can be blamed for `violating the standard' and
maybe even cleaning up their act.
Here is one such proposed standard. I'd like to see what everyone
thinks. I proposed something similar a long time ago.
Here is the idea: when a message is submitted to a host, the host is
responsible for maintaining a very precise map of what the message
appeared as when it went `in', and what was added in the process,
`out'.  Here is one such way to make this explicit:
Have a `x-message-format' line. The way this header works is that it
represents the structure of the message in lines. Each new remailer,
when it adds *anything* *anywhere* in the message is also responsible
for correctly updating the x-message-format line, under the following standard.
The line contains text tags, followed by a colon, followed by a number
of lines representing that field in the message. Also, the use of
paranthesis makes the idea of `embedding' explicit. Each level of
paranthesis represents a `wrapper'. A mailer may add any number of new
fields anywhere in a message and then `wrap' the whole thing in
parenthesis.  Fields are separated by spaces.  The fields collectively
name all lines in the message in sequential order.
For example, the first mailer might create a root x-message-format-line like:
x-message-format: (headers:4 body:10 signature:3)
Then passing through one intermediate remailers, we might get a
`recieved' status line added, at the *beginning*:
x-message-format: (recd:1 (headers:4 body:10 signature:3))
And some goofy Fidonet gateway may find it necessary to stick something on the end:
x-message-format: ((headers:4 body:10 signature:3) fidofooter:4)
Of course, under the standard it would make sense to have categories of
the tag specifications, so for example any tag that represents a header
would have something in its text like `header' so it could be identified.
We might even have text fields inside the embedded message routing
structure that identify the names, errors-to emails address, etc. of
the intermediate hosts.
The point is that with all this the recipient has a transparently clear
picture of what constitutes the original message and what was added as
intermediate fluff, which currently SMTP is frighteningly and
embarrassingly lax in identifying. The idea of the *original message*
vs. *intermediate fluff* is absolutely critical and we deserve
sophisticated protocols that preserve the distinction.  (Gad, it's
amazing what remailers do to messages. They will mess with lines that
contain only hyphens or '>' quote any line that begins `From'. I find
all this highly atrocious.)
So, what does anyone think?
The problems I can see are in the proliferation of tags. Maybe a
central authority needed to regulate them to be sensible and unique (a
registry). Also, is it the case that some headers can get too large?
The solution I have for this is to break up the x-message-format line
into multiple lines:
where successive lines actually represent one level of nested parenthesis.
Note: I don't know if the inherent `sloppiness' in SMTP will ever be
successfully evaded given its widespread entrenchment. However, I
believe protocols superior to it in that regard are inevitable in their adoption.

@_date: 1993-06-30 00:21:59
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Kleinpaste's Charcoal anonymous server 
One person asked about the Charcoal remailer.  I try to stay on top of
this area of anonymity servers and have corresponded with the owner
Karl Kleinpaste extensively in the past.  First, I would like to
encourage *everyone* who wants to create and run an anonymous server,
which is time-consuming, thankless, and even painful at times, and
don't want any of my comments to be construed otherwise.
I think something disparaging could probably be said about any remailer
operator. However, I also think that remailer policies vary and that we
should keep track of the practices and reputed integrity of operators
as much as possible. Under that vein I'll just make a few *candid*
comments to cypherpunks on Mr. Kleinpaste. Please *do not* forward
these notes anywhere.
Kleinpaste started his server early this year mostly in response to
alt.personals, with the death of another server, I believe.  In a
*very* scorching-hot incident, an estranged boyfriend posted nude
pictures of his old girlfriend to alt.binaries.pictures or some other
newsgroup. It is not clear to me that he used an anonymous server to do
so--I believe he did not based on some testimony of others. Anyway,
this caused a huge eruption as these things inevitably do, and legal
action was in motion against the person in his hometown.
The guy apparently *later* used Kleinpaste's anonymous server to send
mail to another anonymous person who he thought worked with the
girlfriend's mother.  I guess there was some extortion or `threats' in
the letters.  Anyway, Kleinpaste gave all the persons mail to the
`authorities' (despite marginal relevance to the original
picture-posting) and got very emotional and wrapped up in the whole
case. In fact, he acted, in my view, very paternalistic in the way a
father would protect his daughter. (At one point he made the comment
that the young girl had moved to a new town and `was making new
friends' -- something that sounds like something one's parent's would
say, eh?) BTW--the estranged boyfriend was never prosecuted apparently
due to gray legal areas and prosecution cost.
Kleinpaste also revealed how a person was suicidal and was posting
through his server. It's not clear to me what he did but I think he
said he tried to contact the person's home institution.  Here is where
the ethical quandaries of anonymous servers are rather intense! What
should an operator do if a person, who is using the system in *trust*
of their anonymity, is suicidal? Is about to commit a crime? Involved
in a conspiracy? Well, I'm not advocating anything, but the stance of
`unhindered carrier' is certainly the least problematic from the
operator point of view.
Anyway, through all this it seemed to be clear to me that Kleinpaste
may be regularly reading some of the mail that is going through his
server, and in any case probably keeping fairly thorough logs.  Look at
his policies!  Essentially they are: if you don't post anything
offensive, I'm behind you. If you do, I will restrict your access
temporarily, permantently, or even expose you.
Kleinpaste soured very seriously on the whole idea of the anonymous
server and killed it. Then in the big flame wars J. Palmer started up
his server and Kleinpaste appeared to want some attention that Julf &
others were getting.  I found it highly incongruous in the least and
hypocritical at worst given some of his statements on `bastards who
abuse the service' that he restarted his own -- he's one of the most
strong-mouthed people on that subject.
Anyway, charcoal.com seems to have been humming along for a few months
now and Kleinpaste does not appear to be ready to shut it down anytime
soon. It posts to a limited number of groups. He tells me that he has
refused requests to `out' a particular individual in alt.personals by
another prominent individual.
So, I'd say that if you have his endorsement for your use of anonymity,
it's a safe server. But if you're on morally gray areas in your use, by
*his* definitions, then Caveat Emptor.
p.s. one reference on all this is
rtfm.mit.edu:/pub/usenet/news.answers/net-anonymity.  I would document
further these really volatile incidents (esp. the `nude picture
posting') but don't have enough eye-witness accounts to do so (in
particular, not my own).

@_date: 1993-06-30 00:31:48
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: PGP speech coding on SoundBlaster 
This person is very serious about developing a scrambler based on PGP
and Soundblaster, topics that get banged around here alot (``...with
great sound and fury, told by an idiot, signifying nothing.'')  There
is room for suggestions on approaches or (more importantly) volunteers
in coding.  He does not subscribe to the list because of volume.
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-06-30 17:18:07
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: rumors of Clipper hardware problems 
The following came from D. Farber who is closely associated with NSF
Internet commitees and has been following Clipper development, as
received from an anonymous informant. Items:
1. list of Clipper committee members
2. more NIST irregularities around DSS
3. Clipper: low yield, average failure in 40 hours, `substantial
redesign', delayed up to a year?
If anyone forwards this past cypherpunks (e.g. Usenet) take out my and
D. Farber names.
In case anyone hasn'y picked this up yet, this is the list of individuals
who are participating in the technical review of the Slipjack algorithm:
Dorothy Denning, Georgetown U.
Walt Tubman, IBM (retired)
Ernie Brickell, Sandia Labs
Steve Kent, BBN
Dave Mayer, AT&T
According to Lynn McNulty (NIST), the group met for a few days last week
with NIST and NSA representatives.  They are now in the process of
formulating more questions for a second meeting with the government team. No word yet on the form, content or schedule of the group's report.
During a discussion in DC today the following arose.
The Federal register announcement was dated and signed on 2 June 1993 (and
published on 8 June). The NIST Advisory Board mandated by the congress was
meeting at NIST on 2-5 June. They were not told about the announcement even
though the matter was of direct interest and importance to their assigned
task. Why??? Did someone have something to hide? I hear tell also that the Clipper chip's first run of final silicon was not
a winner. Chips failed after 40 hours. I also heard a rumor that the redo
would [delay] things for up to a year (sounds like a long time). Any better
info out there?
"Informant" [forwarded by D. Farber]:
"My info is that there were three parallel tests; your number comes from
the first, though the others were little better.
Batch I         n=8     mtbf= 41.5 hrs.
Batch II        n=11 mtbf= 49.0 hrs.
Batch III
                n=20    mtbf= 32.0 hrs.
My NSA source said that he thought that the difficulty was related to
thermal issues and that if environmental issues were addressed or at least audit
ed to assure proper operating environment the numbers might have been better.
I have been unable to get any 'hard' info re what actually happened and what
kind of a post mortem is taking place."
2.  Re chip health.  I heard the same story plus yield was very low.
I also understand that there is substantial redesign going on because
the story about defaulting to an all-0 key if the LEB were corrupted
was apparently true.

@_date: 1993-03-05 17:33:02
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: USENET: musings on a new MUSENET 
Interesting the conversation about accountability and free speech has
turned toward discussing the weaknesses in Usenet. I've been thinking
about Usenet software a lot, and think there are some fundamental
methods that could vastly improve the dreary and
oft-discussed-lamented-cursed signal-to-noise ratio. I would propose
these ideas in some newsgroup devoted to the topic but these tend to be
frequented by fuddy duddies with too much at stake in the current
system and completely unimaginative and uninnovative, and interested in
yucky stuff like strengthening authentication (in stark contrast to the
sheer brilliance in our club).  (For an existence proof, look at the
brouhaha on anonymity in news.admin.policy.)
Now, I think we should get a thread started on the ultimate news
posting software system.  Let's recall the totally ad hoc nature of the
original Usenet, which just sort of *emerged* because people started
writing and running software for it. I fully believe this could happen
with `our' system, esp. if the systems are "workable" and very
attractive, and *effective*.  I propose to call it MUSENET, because
it's what I'm musing on at the moment.
Above I called authentication mechanisms `yucky', and I still believe
that they should be avoided, or at least I want to be able to peruse
groups with no posting restrictions.  But the authentication technique
really does improve signal-to-noise ratios.  That is because, no matter
what anybody tells you, it is really only used for holding users
accountable for their posts, to the degree of complaining to their
sysadmins.  I submit that high-signal-to-noise and total freedom of
posting (e.g. anonymity) are mostly mutually exclusive objectives, but
unfortunately each equally preferrable.
So, here's the idea. Let USENET continue to ferment in relative
`peaceful anarchy', with total freedom in posting. Lets start MUSENET
with significant registration mechanisms. Just having an internet
account wouldn't cut it.  Some groups might be invitation only, others
you might fill out an application/background form and current members
vote on you, or whatever.  The system should allow as much flexibility
across groups as possible. Wouldn't it be great if every new user had
to pass a multiple choice test on the group's FAQ? (sort of like
getting a poster's license!)  Or that the faq was archived along with
group postings?  Wouldn't it be great to peruse lists of members, their
backgrounds or ``electronic resumes'', and their interests?  This all
should be possible. (Imagine reading a neat post and reading about the
accomplishments of the person behind it, where they work, etc.)
Now, imagine that every group also has an associated 'metagroup' for
discussions about the group itself, whether it should be split, posters
that are abusing it and the actions against them, etc.
*built into the software* would be mechanisms for "complaining" about a
post. If a user gets too many complaints, depending on the group
charter, he might be automatically expelled or suspended. I proposed
earlier the idea of a bank account that people can credit or debit
based on your postings, and membership dependent on nonbankruptcy! There could be "trials" and "proceedings" against the accused in the
meta-group.  Also, mechanisms for tracking article use would be great.
People could vote on articles they *liked* also.  Each group would
automatically have an associated "supergroup" where the best articles
are percolated up, not by posting, but by positive vote mechanisms. It
would be a great honor to make it into certain of these groups. In
fact, there might be a net-wide "super hall of fame" (or even a "hall of shame").
I'd also like to see a lot of tracking about when articles are saved,
how long they are being read, that kind of thing--propagated back to
the poster! Can you imagine what kind of effect that would have on
quality? (er, maybe I mean `could'...)  There is a tremendous amount of
analysis of articles that is going on *completely behind the scenes*
right now, totally separated from the articles themselves.  Lets get
that beautiful data into cyberspace!
Group charters should be very specific about the mechanisms involved in
the particular group, and what kind of speech will be tolerated, and
how abuses will be dealt with.  There should be some way for a group to
approve their "official faq", or more than one of such. Maybe it would
appear first as a regular article, and make it into FAQhood if there
are enough positive votes.
I also like the idea of "free-lance moderators" or "free-lance
editors". The newservers would not only propagate articles but
meta-articles built by these free-lance editors of their favorite
articles, perhaps in a single group but ideally globally. These editors
would be able to create very customized portfolios of their favorite
articles, even with their own comments on the stuff, and anyone can
read the portfolios instead of the raw unfiltered stuff.  I think
anyone should be able to become a free-lance moderator. I think many people will.
There should be some way to keep around outstanding articles. I.e., if
they get enough votes, they are archived on some machine (ideally, the
site they originated from or whatever) and they can be referenced in
future articles.  I think there ought to be a new "pseudonymous FTP"
where anybody with an internet account could set up a part of their
directory for archiving their favorite articles, made available to
other newsreaders, possibly on the local news server. (My luddite
administrators can seem to deal with anonymous FTP.)
Holy cow, I haven't even gotten to all the cryptography features.
Traffic should be encrypted. Everybody has public and private keys with
verification. No free posting--if an article is transmitted, it means
that it really was written by someone, by strength of their password
secrecy.  Hashing on articles to ensure they're untampered, etc.
I think people should get away from the point of view that any
restrictions on posting are anti-free-speech.  I see a lot of news
admins pretend that they don't want more control, and that any such
suggestion is an insult to their unimpeachible ethical standards. There is a lot of hypocrisy going on right now. Lets make control
legitimate, something *everyone* can exercise. More control is not
censorship. It is the means toward improving s/n drastically.
Anonymity should be built into the software for the appropriate groups.
 *no* tracking (e.g. storing machine routing paths) should be appended
to the articles that are posted anonymously. In fact, the new server
should act like our lovely remailers in this regard (cloaking/rerouting
mechanisms, etc.)
OK, I have to mention hypertext too. What if articles could incorporate
GIF pictures or postscript files? Audio sound? have push-button
pointers to other articles and files and FTP sites? yowza!
Please don't misconstrue any of this.  I don't advocate getting rid of
completely free posting areas, forcing everyone to be validated, etc.
In fact, I think these systems should always be there, and that they
*will* always be frequented even after much better systems with better
s/n will come along (there may also be a "creep" of outstanding
freely-posted articles into the selective groups by people who vouch
for them by posting them, and take the consequences for failures of
judgement, as determined by voting response).
Whaddya say, cypherpunks? want to be in on the next communication
revolution?  Want to mold the onslaught of cyberspace the way you like
it, according to your distinct and prophetic vision?  All we have to do
is put a little prototype code together...

@_date: 1993-03-10 16:06:35
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: CRYPT: Dingaling Denning & random # generators 
I don't think we need to be too concerned about D. Denning's proposals
(the D. stands for Dingaling, in case you're wondering). Has she
addressed `adequately' the issue of giving false keys to the archiving
authority in her article? (If such a thing is even possible.) The whole
idea sounds so unbelievably unrealistic and bizarre I can't believe
anyone with a significant intelligence or reputation on the line would
propose it (but then again, academics can make a living on outdoing
each other in their unrealistic and bizarre proposals).
I don't really see how this idea of wiretappable encrypted
communications could be carried out, unless there are some kind of
centralized encryption servers run by the government (I'm ashamed to
even say such a thing), and make "private" encryption illegal.  This
smacks of such blatant totalitarianism I can't imagine anyone in the
U.S. seriously considering it (except, of course, perhaps law
enforcement types or NSA operatives).  Considering how much copiers
were regulated in the Soviet Union, I can't say that it'd be impossible
to regulate every single of the 100's of millions of PC's in the world
or in a country to pull this off, but there's no end to the strange
effects brewed from isolated, idealistic bureacrats (and no limit to
the severity of threats to freedom...)
As I posted once to sci.crypt: encrypted communication is virtually
interchangeable with and indistinguishable from communication itself.
How does someone `know' that you are encrypting a message? Even
straight ASCII messages can contain encrypted messages. (In fact, it
would be interesting to write an application that will take any message
and encode it like this.)  Can you imagine the Meaning Police showing
up on your doorstep demanding to know what your last message REALLY
MEANS, and smirking malevolently when you insist that it's just a love
note to your girlfriend? Unless a really severe cold front hits Hell, I
think we're safe on this one.  The thing we DO need to be VERY AFRAID
OF, and LOBBY VEHEMENTLY AGAINST, is bizarre laws that are vague and
can be twisted to whatever means police desire, and put the burden of
proof and recovery on possibly innocent victims, such as the
without-due-process property-confiscating drug laws we have now.
(I suppose one possibility is requiring `carriers' -- phone companies,
telegraph services, etc.--to provide keys for messages they encrypt.
But what is the strength of nonlocal encryption? Would anybody use
this?  I guess there are a lot of unsophisticated people who want
somebody else to do their encryption for 'em, but boy, not I...)
To do something like have completely tappable communications, we'd need
half the country to monitor the other half, to make sure nothing out of
context is going on. Only problem with this is, who monitors the
monitors? (The cypherpunks?)  (I suppose I shouldn't be so flippant,
because Nazi Germany was one example of a state with a comprehensive
populace-monitoring apparatus...)
No, I don't buy that paranoid plop about how it would be "trivial" to
set up filters that "detect" encryption, or that this is happening on a
widespread scale by the NSA in the U.S. This is an absolutely absurd
claim.  These mechanisms could be just as trivially defeated (although
a-priori knowledge of their function may be required).  People who
think encryption is different from communication think that symbols are
different than letters.  Speaking as a programmer, good luck explaining
it to a computer.
I just think Mrs. Denning is well-intentioned but completely out of
touch with reality on this one (hm, what's a nice academic PC term for
this? cluefully challenged?) Is *anybody* taking her seriously? Maybe
we should start an email campaign to SEND HER CLUES.  Maybe a Cease and
Desist court order?  Maybe we could get the police to do a search on
her house for all her cryptography keys (hehe, anonymous tip that she
keeps an encrypted database of illegal activities? sorry, don't take me seriously).
- - -
*= <- light bulb going off -- hm, could something like that be used as
a hardware random number generator?

@_date: 1993-03-26 13:12:13
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
wait, are you advocating news admins allowed to filter anonymous mail
from downstream/upstream feeds?  I don't get this.

@_date: 1993-05-02 20:11:52
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: government free reign on RSA -- from whence? 
This is driving me crazy. I have asked many people that refer to the
U.S. government's free reign on the use of patents in general and RSA
technology in particular. There are a lot of very respectable and
reputable specialists on this list and I hope they can answer my question.
What *specifically* gives the government the *right* to use patents
developed `with public money' without licensing, or the RSA patent in
particular (if the two are not the same)?
Court precedents? A specific law? `congressional hearings'?  A
condition of agreement to receive NSF funds?
This little tidbit of information has gotten tossed around so
frequently and haphazardly (a bit like an Urban Legend) and it really
deserves some sharp scrutiny, at least a bit more than I have ever
seen, I suspect it might have some interesting implications to consider.

@_date: 1993-05-17 21:09:09
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: I'M GOING CRAZY! FWEE! 
RECIPE FOR INSANITY
I'm extremely FRUSTRATED and DEJECTED on the progress the
`whistleblowing newsgroup' has undergone as a cypherpunk pet-project:
pathetically negligible and STYMIED, from my point of view. It has been
many weeks since a rowdy, visionary, and consistently irritating
cypherpunk first proposed it and immediate ringing endorsements came
from eminent and venerable members of the list, e.g. T.C. May. It has
generated quite a bit of traffic and ideas on the list. In spirit and
intent is probably as central to the cypherpunk cause, as, say, PGP.
WHERE'S THE GROUP?
I swear I am going to go INSANE waiting for some patriotic cyberpunk
with a smidgeon of skill, courage, impatience, knowledge, and access to
send out a NEW GROUP command for alt.whistleblower! Did I miss it?
Where the heck is it? Please, I IMPLORE SOMEONE to PUT ME OUT OF MY
MISERY!  FIRE NOW!  Damn, we have the stench of alt.fan.dick-depew
wafting as easily as most mortal people create directories! PLEASE, I
swear whoever gets alt.whistleblower gets to be in my personal
historical all-time CYPHERPUNK HALL OF FAME and have my everlasting
gratitude! Never before in the history of Usenet has something so
trivial thwarted so many for so long!
Sheesh, I thought it would be SIMPLE for someone to effect SOMETHING to
happen in this area. I thought I wouldn't have to slave away entirely
personally in going through the RFD and voting process, if even that
was necessary! For once I thought this would be a project that every
cypherpunk could bite off a piece somewhere, and that some COLLECTIVE
MOMENTUM could be established! I thought this could happen faster than
the speed of electricity. Instead it is happening slower than the SPEED
OF BUREACRACY.
Am I starting to sound enough like a CRACKPOT YET? well I really hope
so.   I think I am going to break down and cry. Please,
someone, have some humanity in you, and PULL THE TRIGGER. Are we
waiting for a triplicate directive from Clinton, or the NSA, or what?!
Do we have to make sure every vacillating cypherpunk likes the idea or
every last senator is personally prepared with their Official
WhistleBlower Kit and Decoder Ring? Who cares what anyone thinks! JUST DO IT!
BOILING A TOAD?
Gad, it is such a g*dawful tragedy this simple take-out-the-trash chore
has not been done yet. Look, I don't know about the authenticity of the
recent Mycotronx postings, they make me SHUDDER! They are PERFECT
AMMUNITION (whether true or not) for getting some MAJOR HEAT on the
maintainers of this fragile mailing list! Does anyone have any idea how
paranoid and POWERFUL the NSA is? Do you think that they just shrug
their shoulders and say `oh well' when confidential information sneaks
out? Do you know what kind of unpleasantness a wounded bureacrat can
summon? Multiply that uncountably many times and you have a tiny facet
of the decimating wrath of a betrayed horde of spies sanctioned by a
vast government!
Gad, this could all have been ENTIRELY AVOIDED if they were posted to a
newsgroup! As I've pointed out, the critical *resilient* aspect there
is that a newsgroup is *distributed* -- post from anywhere, spreads
everywhere like a virus, how can a sinister federal agency clamp down
on a cloud? It can't! On the other hand, if anyone decided to clamp
down on toad.com, after a certain amount -- certainly a great deal but
definitely a lot less than that required to shutdown Usenet -- it would CROAK!
PARANOID DELUSIONS
Yes, I really am going insane. Clark Reynard  posted a few weeks ago he was
starting the RFD for soc.whistleblowers. In my silly naivete I thought
enough cypherpunks would drop by to make it a landslide, and that I'd
mosey on over after hearing about all the excitement. Review the
debate, balance the points, post something fiery and visionary and
inspiring, sit back and watch the fireworks.
Finally, I thought, someone who knew what they were doing could get
this silly thing HAPPENING. Someone could be a LEADER and take
RESPONSIBILITY. Someone could give some DIRECTION to the pervasive
cypherpunk malaise, stalemate, and bickering. Someone who was forging
AHEAD irrespective of counterproductive and sabotaging griping.
What the heck happened? Did anything happen? This is not only dead
without a bang, it is dead without a whimper! Mr. Reynard posts on Tue May 4:
My sanity is teetering precipitously.
Who were these cypherpunk `members'? Mr. Reynard refuses to identify
`them' to me in email. He says that someone has asked him NOT to
personally start the whistleblower group! and that this person deserves
his trust because of his reputed contributions to the cypherpunk cause!
Gee, I asked, who could this be that would ask to HALT PROGRESS for
some vague, nebulous, unspecified reason that even Mr. Reynard was not
aware of? Look, I would have gladly saved all this bilge for private
email, but I DON'T KNOW WHO TO TALK TO! Supposedly this person, for
some unfathomable reason, specifically told Mr. Reynard NOT to reveal
his identity! I will not quote email, but Mr. Reynard kindly
sympathizes with my frenzy, but still refuses to tell me anything informative!
So ever since May 4 and trading several barren and excruciatingly
exasperating missives with Mr. Reynard, I am BOILING OVER! This mystery
person is supposedly going to post something on the whistleblower
project, acc. to Mr. Reynard, Real Soon Now to the list that will
absolutely dazzle everyone with its magnificent splendor.
Well, WHERE IS IT? (Note to the clueless: *this* is certainly not IT!)
MUSHROOMS AND PUDDING
I find it OUTRAGEOUS the weaselly and underhanded way this mystery
individual, apparently wholly intentionally, has TOTALLY STYMIED and
THWARTED the SOLE cypherpunk progress in this area. Cypherpunks, do you
feel like trampled mushrooms yet? well I DO.
Not only that, Mr. Reynard wrote cryptically:
who is it that levelled these atrocious, filthy accusations? Mr.
Reynard took it upon himself to do a PUBLIC SERVICE. Who is it that
suggested that it was anything but valiant heroism? Speak, I demand it!
Reveal yourself! From whence comes this treasonous, traitorous slime?
Where is the DOUBLE AGENT in our midst?
Please Mr. Reynard, isn't it clear that the cypherpunks will forever
have more splinters than a shredded beam? Who CARES what anybody else
thinks! Isn't there any SCRAP of INTRINSIC MERIT in this project? Is
`cypherpunks' just the brand name for MUSHY GUTLESS SPINELESS PUDDING?
Look, if somebody is doing a lot to get the whistleblower group going,
I PRAISE AND COMMEND YOU. But so far I see ABSOLUTELY NO SIGNS anything
is happening! After weeks of hypothetical hyperventilating, we have
nothing but a DEAD CORPSE! In this fragile and critical period, I would
rather make a fool of myself shouting than be silent as it LANGUISHES INTO OBLIVION.
INTEREST WARRANTS! CHANGE YOUR MIND! If not you, then SOMEBODY! If not
now, then IMMEDIATELY!
Ok, so others on the list will find my rantings most unpalatable and
tell me so in email and on the list, perhaps even humiliating me with
epithets and personal attacks, despite that, while bordering
precariously, this note is free of them.
I DON'T CARE! I'm a desperate man!  This thing is just too IMPORTANT
for me to care about STEPPING ON SOME TOES or BLOODYING MY NOSE. It is
the first feeble step toward a kingdom of Electronic Democracy, and we
are just tripping and falling over each other like drunken legislators!
Yes, some will say `what are you doing about it personally?' I am
WAITING FOR THE GROUP TO BE CREATED so a tentative FAQ CAN BE POSTED
THERE! (FAQs do not arise in vacuums, they are forged from posting and
feedback! I speak from experience!)
No, my worthless, prejudiced, personal FAQ for whistleblowers is NOT
WRITTEN, because right now, for strange and mysterious reasons I will
leave to the reader to prophesize, to do so currently would SCANDALOUS
WASTE OF MY TIME!
'scuze me while I go get some water, i'm getting hoarse...

@_date: 1993-05-17 22:55:28
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: a valuable spy... 
[G. Watson]
[PALE CRINGE]
Mr. Watson, I commend you for your efforts but you make an atrocious spy!
By revealing your source so carelessly and readily you have jeopardized
the possibility of any future, even more significant discoveries from
the same outlet!  You could have still gotten the information without
revealing it, and it was so littered, laced, and inundated with facts
and data that it could have *easily* been verified by outside means.
I think the damage has been done, but cypherpunks -- maybe some attempt
should be made to prevent the spread of those postings, or at least
preserve Mr. Watson's confidentiality. But I think it is a lost cause.
It is very likely that NSA agents subscribe directly to this list.
Oh, oh, oh, I'm going to cry.
Q. How many cypherpunks does it take to change a light bulb?
A. They can't. Haven't figured out how yet.

@_date: 1993-05-22 21:59:58
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: fwee! are we having fun yet? 
This is an open letter to E. Hughes.
Let me review my arguments for starting the group immediately.
1. Anonymous postings are highly controversial and will remain so for a
long time. Complete respectability is probably unattainable.  We should
start the group and let users judge for themselves the safety of
posting their material.
2. No new software is required under this scheme.
3. No new machines are required.
4. No sponsors for machines need to be sought out. In fact, under this
scheme we tap into an existing vast network supplying both software and
machines called `Usenet'. I think there're some RFC's on it somewhere.
5. No one other than the poster takes heat.  The poster should not post
if they are concerned about the risk.
6. This scheme doesn't exclude posting currently, whereas absence of
anonymous servers does.
7. People already have a method of connecting to the net and posting.
Reinventing the wheel is great but it will take a painful amount of
time. It's been tens of thousands of years since the wheel was
invented, why start from the beginning?
8. We should be extremely careful about people relying on the moderator
address to forward mail. My understanding is that not all posting
systems automatically do so. It seems this could easily break or be
unreliable (egad!). The user should explicitly assure himself anonymity
by sending to the anonymous server, not relying on this implicit approach.
9. Multiple machines for anonymity take longer to set up. We haven't
even got one for Usenet posting right now (?).
10. DNS (Domain Name Service) is a great idea when n>1 machines are
available. Currently n=0.
11. DNS complicates the picture, more room for error, and takes more
time to pull off correctly. Does anybody have a clear idea that it
would work, and if so how to implement it?
Under your daunting list of prerequisites and requirements, I think we
will be lucky to get something running before the next century. They
are all *fine* and *genuine* as possibilities and opportunities, but
they are *unnecessary* and *unbearable* as prerequisites and requirements.
The internet sees new groups all the time, and alt groups get created
at the slightest provocation and whim, and it would be ridiculous to
delay the introduction of something this critical and useful, when far
less useful and far more frivolous groups litter the cyberspace like
bales of discarded data packets, ankle-deep.
Look, apparently you haven't got any heat on the Mycotronx postings,
but wouldn't you feel a hell of a lot more comfortable if they
*weren't* funneled through your single machine? Ask Steve Jackson what
paranoid and degenerate agents can accomplish when they have an
easily-identified, portable target and some vague suspicions!  The 911
document has all the criminality of a wedding announcement compared to
the Mycotronx stuff!  Don't these postings demonstrate there is an *immediate* need?
Here's the deal. Despite how it may appear, I am not (consciously!)
demeaning or downplaying anyone's efforts in this group and idea. I
think it is great that a lot of people have a lot of ideas and are
looking at the big picture and long run, making commitments. I am too!
But I think we absolutely *must* start immediately.  We are not going
to get anywhere if someone says ``oh, *I'm* the one that's working on
that---don't worry about it, just you wait, something real neat-o is
going to come along any day now,  wink wink.''
 Haven't we been through all this before?  I have
nothing to do nor do a lot of others until *something* is in place! I
think major improvements in software only come in the heat of use, not
in the languid comfort of theory and planning. We can be exploring the
weakness and the uses of the system *immediately*. We don't have to
have controversial postings to the group, starting out. Currently,
though, I just think there is just no momentum without a group.  Which
comes first, the anonymous servers or the group? Obviously, the *group*!
Here's my idea. For *now*, lets just use alt.whistleblower as a
*clearinghouse* of material that was *already posted* elsewhere on the
net. That is, nobody takes any personal risk. They just keep their eyes
out for stuff that appears in other places that fits into the
`whistleblowing' category and forwards it to that group. If there is
any heat they just point to the original posting and say `I did nothing
but forward it, don't talk to me about it.'  (By the way, the Mycotronx
posting is awesome whistleblower stuff, the kind that legends are made
of, but I think it still might be a bit risky to post that to a Usenet
group yet, even an `alt', even anonymously). Also, we can just forward
interesting stuff from newspapers and magazines. No risk there. If
anybody thinks they have a solid way to remain anonymous (we're talking
about cypherpunks here, I'm sure they'll find a way) they can post
*now* using old-fashioned methods.
I really like the idea of a big unveiling of some great new shining,
sparkling, shrink-wrapped Personal All-Purpose Guaranteed Anonymous
Home Whistleblower Kit (tm) by Cypherpunks, Inc. accompanied by a
blaring and pretentious Official Whistleblower Press Release.  But
(leaving aside the sheer hilarious implausibility of that *ever*
happening) that would give all our evil enemies a lot of ammunition to
claim that we're `violating the status quo'. There're some things that
should be loudly unveiled to the witless masses, and some things that
should just be silently uncovered by sharp individuals! This is in the
latter category!
What more can I say?  Isn't the immediate need transparently clear? Does *anyone* read what I write? Am I nothing but a babbling, deranged
lunatic? Just *watch* how fast I get a FAQ there, if it *ever* starts...
There are now several hundred quasi-official cypherpunks, and I think a
lot of them are agitated and itching for something to do! Not to
mention the vast hordes out on Usenet who will be attracted to
something extraordinary.  Let's get the group going and turn everybody
loose to have some fun!  This is something that *everyone* can
contribute to directly *now*, once the group is started! Let it be a
funnel for our ingenuity! But we have nothing but a bunch of impatient,
dissipated, wasted energy otherwise. What a shameful tragedy. I can't
be a part of it.
Someday, everything we're rattling about will be refined to the point
of excruciating blandness and `dulldom', and we will be telling our
grandkids about the heavy burdens we had to suffer to get there (back
in the ol' days we had to get anonymity *by hand!* and even then people
hated it and called 'em `forgeries'!).  At our current impoverished
rate, though, our grandkids will consider us nothing but mad eccentrics
overflowing with bizarre and impractical ideas that never saw the light
of day, with a few strange insights tragically ahead of time,
sluggishly mired in the bogs of politics and personalities. Cypherpunks? No, more like the hapless Babbage Ciphers, stuck endlessly
in the minors. ``Yeah, just wait 'til next year, we'll really show 'em then.''

@_date: 1993-05-25 20:22:55
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: a reaction to Mycotronx intelligence data 
I'm disappointed at the *nonexistent* serious response to the Mycotronx
postings on the list (I guess we do have some new algebraic formulas,
though.) Apparently, these are just to hot for anyone to handle. I
think these should be getting our utmost scrutiny as a group for
tactical rewards. Are we at war or aren't we?
So once again I have to do some dangerous limbwalking because all the
other cyphersheep are clutching mommy's apron :). Okay, here goes. I'm
sure there will be many inaccuracies but I think it is better here to
be loud and wrong than to be silent and let it die with a whimper and
nary a peep. I'd like to hear other reactions surely much superior to
my own unauthoritative wanderings.
I'll put in many questions; if anyone has insights into them please
forward them to me and I will summarize (writing about each point to
the list will probably take up too much traffic).
* Also, if anyone can independently *verify* *any* of these pieces of
information, please say so.
* If you have access to databases that record relevant info from
accounts listed and that kind of thing, and aren't at risk in doing so,
please query them.
* What about the people listed? Ever encountered them?
* Interpretations of codenames and numbers especially of interest.
* The possibilities for a little creative and ingenious `social
engineering' (esp. with all the phone numbers in part 1) are absolutely
unlimited for some really nervy cypherpunks, but I'm not going to encourage it...
* Have there been any `repercussions' to the posting on cypherpunks? We
need to know how afraid people are of us. Tighter security?
Disconnected phone numbers? New code names?
In sending me mail, please tell me if I can quote you or your address
in the summary or just attribute it anonymously. Also, do not assume
that email is secure. If a PGP key of mine will make the difference
between your sending me email and not, I'll send it to you.
* * *
First of all, as a very preliminary opinion, it all looks believable
and plausible.  Ironically, there is almost too *much* information!
The first document was forwarded anonymously to the list by
nobody at alumni.cco.caltech.edu. Both documents contain some comments
apparently inserted by the source, the first only at the beginning, the
second at the beginning and in the middle. In the first a statement is quoted
this comment makes sense in the light of a later message that
purportedly revealed the source of the data. The statement also refers
to `general ledger' probably referring to the second posting. The second posting came forwarded anonymously from nobody at alumni.cco. The contributor talks of leaving out account numbers.  Also made two
comments on the employee bonuses.
* * *
In posting 1 we have a great deal of very critical information on
people involved in the company, current projects, company contacts,
amazingly detailed cost/finance records. We even know their bank and
banker!  NSA contacts listed!  It's not clear that all these diverse
records would be stored in one volume of information. They appear to be
pasted together from various sources, with some continuity in places. A later posting also suggests the reason for this long-term `snapshot'
of company activity at the highest level.
The most critical `big-picture' elements of posting 1 are probably the
companies mentioned. It paints a clear picture of Mycotronx as a sort
of `middleman' in coordinating and contracting other companies to do
chip fabrication and testing, apparently with the NSA as their sole
customer.  AT&T was paid $100K under `Capstone Financial Commitments.'
The companies VLSI Tech (fabrication?) and Exatron (testing?) figure
prominently. Technical documentation by ELITE.
Most amazing is the list of employees and their occupations. If it is
complete, then it is remarkable in the number of employees, 10. There
is a wide range of occupations from engineer to secretary to president
that suggests the list may be complete.
Chips: posting 1 refers to MYK80 for testing. Many references to KG44B,
with several hundred thousand dollars worth of deliveries to the NSA. KG-48B appears to still be in testing phases.  Part of the `Outrunner'
project.  The `Outrunner' project figures very prominently, what is it?
 Maybe a specialized chip for Air Force security (appears to be
cryptographic because of KG-46 `Tactical Decryptor').  Capstone shows
up at the end under `Financial commitments'. It's not clear if Clipper
is referenced anywhere. There are many product codes that may refer to it.
* * *
In posting 2 we have an incredibly detailed, perhaps complete,
financial ledger for the company listing everything from employee costs
to office supplies.  An accountant would probably find it much more
readable than me.  Because of the probable single source, the
information is more focused (into financial categories) than that in
posting 1.  There are three columns in each series, beginning balance,
debits, and credits, supposedly for first four months of 93.
Series are probably some Federal or IRS categories for reporting.  It
is organized into `series' with 1000 recording various brokerage
agencies. This may reflect that employees have stock options in the
company. Other entries are customer and employee accounts receivable.
2000 series records employee benefits with `accued bonuses' of $341K
for the period (given 10 employees, this could be astronomical for
someone). Payroll is $343K for the period -- bonuses are as much as
salaries.  These are very high numbers for 10 employees.  Probably the
`upper echelon' of a few is making six figure salaries. 3000 series lists more stock. 4000 series lists sales of $2.5M for the
4 month period.  5000 lists consultant fees at $47K, subcontracts at
$932K debited and $110K credited.  Direct labor for Engineering came to
186K, Technician 93K, Administrative 37K.  6000 lists a lot of
different categories (miscellaneous) mostly debits.  7000 series lists
another `special bonus' $132K debit, $123. Net money debited and credited at the end of the statement is given as
$12.5M for the four month period.  Finally the source lists some
`outstanding VLSI purchase orders'. It is not clear if these are owed
to Mycotronx or Mycotronx owes someone else, but in the first posting
the same figure $100K is mentioned for AT&T under `Capstone Financial
Commitments', so these are probably payments by Mycotronx.  In this
document we see that `Compass' is software, a total of $160K. Motorola
$76K, VLSI Tech (for the Capstone project) $212K. Myk78 (Clipper?) figures prominently with VLSI Tech:  $66K, fix $68K,
78A prototype $11K, 78A production $220K.  Also Myk 80  and  $48K
and $33K, and Myk82 and Myk 79 (80K and 79K).  VLSI Tech `Expoteniator'
(sic?) $163K. The exponentiator might be a general purpose digital
exponentiator suitable for integration with many cryptographic
techniques (Diffie Hellman, RSA, etc.)
* * *
Battle plan: *If* Mykotronx is to be harassed, the things that might be
useful to focus on are the large bonuses. Where is all that cold cash
going? If it ended up in the hands of a few (or even one) it would not
be good PR, to say the least. Also, Mykotronx is clearly heavily
dependent on VLSI Tech, and the company does not appear to sell to
anyone other than the NSA currently.  So those are the jugular veins, so to speak.
I suppose if we were really extremists, like animal rights activists,
we might individually harass members of the company. I don't encourage
anyone to do this unless they do something to provoke it. However, a
little friendly getting-to-know 'em type interaction might be
interesting and help make sense of our current horde or glean other
information. In particular, if anyone in the company feels (shall we
say) undercompensated that could be another Achilles heel after they
hear how much bonuses are coming out (bonus? I haven't heard about any
bonuses! You heard of any bonuses?)
Following is the mostly raw undistilled stuff. As noted, please comment
on *anything* to me personally in email, and I'll try to organize,
compile, and make sense of it all.
Special thanks to the `anonymous' individual who was willing to risk
potentially severe repercussions to bring the outrageous secrecy
concerning the chip to glaring lighted public exposure and those who
went out of their way to help `him'. Hey, even though this person could
greatly benefit from Introductory Espionage 101 we love you anyway.
You'll probably be the main character when Cypherpunks get their own
sitcom or Monday Night Movie...
posting 1
* address, phone, FAQ of company
* bank that holds company account(s)? Shearson Lehman Brothers. Acct
 24261 12011.
* Fed Ex Acct * List of employees names and occupations. There are 10 employees listed.
* Has anyone heard of an `NSA lobbyist'? This is very interesting.
Later O'Connell is listed as `NSA Contact'.
* Also, `COMSEC manager'? * `Buyer' of what? All major parts?
* What about the code KG-44B Outrunner project?
Under `Principle NSA Technical Contact' we have the NSA address
(`Maryland Procurement Office) and code * Code names: what are these? People involved are clues. We already
know KG-48B is also `Outrunner' and 48B and 46 are related somehow. * 46 is a `Tactical decryptor unit' -- sounds like a military
application. Involvement of Air Force agents confirms it.
* What is `Computer Systems Command'? That would really nail it, probably.
* Capstone is being built by Mycotronx, right? It's likely Clipper and
Capstone are also named KG-?. I don't think KG-46 and 48B are Clipper
and Capstone due to the `tactical' Air Force involvement. Also, Clipper
is MYK78, right?
* This is an amazing piece of intelligence. These meetings were
scheduled *after* this posting appeared for us. I think there are a lot
of NSA agents having nightmares right now.
* It is not clear, but it may be that `Outrunner Project Milestone
Payments' were the subject of the May 18,19 meetings. (What is a
`milestone payment'? Is that an NSA term? Military?)  The meeting was
very likely on Outrunner given the rest of the information.
* The dates for payments are 2/14/92 (Preliminary Studies) to 5/13/93
(Deliver 4 KG-44B to NSA). What is a known project under those dates?
* Most categories refer to chip design with terms like VLSI and
`complete fab' and `complete tests', `crypto verif'. Also, is VLSI a company?
* Entires 11a,11b,13-17 are deliveries to the NSA, batches of 44B. What
is chip 44B? Very important. No deliveries of 48B to NSA listed.  Since
this is in the `outrunner' categories we now know that KG48B, 44B, 46
are all related. Also, the KG number appears to be some parameter on
the device code.
* What are these keywords: `Complete PDR' (preliminary design review?)
`Complete CDR' (concluding design review?) `SFA review VLSI'?
Next sounds like a `Invoice' for KG-44LSI. Mykotronx P/N M20/00301XXX
KG44 VLSI Procurement to Can't  spell! The part I like is  ``Secret item handling''. The invoice
is fairly small, refers to Group B and Group C testing (?). Also a
statement `export of this product is controlled by U.S.  Disclosure of
related technical data to foreign nationals without the appropriate
export license is prohibited by law.'
Test plan for MYK-80: Work for Exatron.  MYK-80.  176 pin TQFP might
pinpoint the chip.  IMS tester? Installation of PET (Positron Electron
Tomography? Like a microscope?) `handlers' at Mykotronx.
Training & Manuals (for MYK-80?) subcontracted to ELITE Technical Corp
(Redondo Beach, CA).
`Capstone financial commitments'
* ``Basic VII Cap VLSI 10'' $212,000. Sun 1 yr maintenance warranty.
`Compass' $160K?  IKOS System. ELITE Tech. Corp. Plotter. SJ (1) and
(2), $71k and $76k.  * AT&T, $100K (?) What is Mycotronx *paying* AT&T 100K for Capstone?
* Another `Compass' $110K. VLSI Tech $30K and $163K. VLSI Tech Capstone
TQFP $10K. Hm, both VSLI Tech. and Exatron do TQFP.
* VLSI Tech Exponeniator Tamper System $163K?
* $225K for `Litronics'?
posting 2
* Why is so much stock being traded? What is it for? Employee bonuses?
Ownership of child companies?
* not much, although what is it in? reconfirms picture as just an
intermediate company, almost just a `reseller'.
* how does this break down among employees?
* more stock. What does it mean? Retd? disbursement?
* almost $1M debit for 4 months. Most of the action is here.
* for what?
* why are these in a different category than employee costs? What's the difference?
* Comes out to $9K. What does it mean?
* G&A means?  100K is fairly large; more than consulting fees for example.

@_date: 1993-05-25 20:23:03
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: RSA in CMOS? 
Many people have been talking about cryptographic applications in
hardware on the list.  I suspect these will be largely untapped until a
chip that does general-purpose RSA encryption comes along. There are
many DES implementations that could be integrated with such a chip and
then worked into computer cards, telephones, cryptography kits, etc. Does anyone know of the existence of an RSA chip? To the best of my
knowledge they do not exist. Are there any plans for an RSA chip? The
chip would ideally *not* be constrained to work with DES, or at least
the DES encryption would be an option in addition to just pure RSA
encryption of arbitrary data, for reasons of potential insecurity in
DES and emergence of other superior algorithms (which upon appearance
would not automatically make a general-purpose chip obsolete).

@_date: 1993-05-25 20:23:12
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: PGP-RSAREF rumors 
Nothing has appeared on this list on this subject since the initial
flurry sparked by PGP-RSAREF negotiations.  I thought I would just post
a few short comments based on inside sources and speculations for all
the cypherpunks waiting on the edge of their consoles to hear some
word.  In no way should this be construed to be representative of
positions on either side.  I just hope to give members a little current
insight and encouraging glimpse, but also show how the difficulties
involved in the negotiations mean this is not as simple as Bidzos and
Zimmerman shaking hands without snarling (although that's certainly part of it).
A rather serious obstacle to RSAREF integration into PGP is that the
RSAREF routines only `ostensibly' allow RSA encryption of DES session
keys. For novices on the list, the background for this is that RSA is
too slow to use to encode an entire message, so that one uses RSA to
encode a randomly generated key for each session (hence the name) that
is contained in the transmission. The remainder of the transmission
includes the message encrypted under the private-key algorithm (e.g.
DES) with the generated session key.  Since the key is shorter than the
message and the private-key algorithm faster than the public-key
approach, this scheme results in a net gain of speed, but with security
only `as strong' as the private key algorithm.
Because of suspected weaknesses in DES, Zimmerman chose to use the
Swiss IDEA algorithm for the session keys, and for obvious reasons
prefers to continue to do so. However, the RSAREF routines have a
`published interface' that only permits the system using a DES key. There are `low level' routines that do pure unadulterated RSA
encryption of arbitrary data, crucial to PGP functions, but by the
terms of the license the programmer is *not* allowed to call them!
The reason for this restriction is presumably that a high-degree of
backward-compatibility is required of the library, so that a strict
adherence to use through `official' entry points must be preserved. However, this `hamstring connected' means that by no stretch of the
imagination can RSAREF be considered a `general purpose RSA
cryptography library' (in fact, it appears to be designed solely for
meeting the PEM standard).  It also means that the cryptographic
security of RSAREF is quite curiously limited to that of DES.
Rumor has it that Mark Riordan got permission to put in triple DES into
RSAREF for RIPEM but so far it is unclear if Zimmerman and Bidzos
can/will/have hammer(d) out something that allows the current PGP IDEA
cipher.  The backward compatibility of all previous PGP versions, and
ultimately the integration of RSAREF into PGP, is at stake. Rumor has
it that even Rivest (the R in RSA!) may be helping forge something
favorable to everyone.
Another complication of RSAREF that most on this list are probably
familiar with is that it is not permitted to be used outside the U.S. Hence parallel versions of PGP must be maintained even if RSAREF would
allow an IDEA implementation.
One other complication is that Mr. Zimmerman, while apparently never
directly profiting from PGP use, has before publicly `reserved the
right' to attempt to gain some kind of compensation for his Herculean
efforts on PGP, for which he has `a life sentence' and finds that it
takes major amounts of his time and commitment, although he is also
firm in his promise to keep it free. Of course, the position is not
wholly compatible with RSA interests.
Finally, I hear that negotiations are on pause while currently Mr.
Zimmerman is in the middle of his May 19 - Jun 9 `PRZ EuroCrypt Tour'
and is meeting PGP fanatics, groupies, and developers all over Europe!
In fact, here's an excerpt from a message that made the rounds among
some PGP contributors:
Maybe with enough encouragement and hospitality he'll make it through
the subsequent negotiations without strangling anyone or being strangled  :)
(You may be able to reach PRZ at prz at acm.org.)

@_date: 1993-05-27 22:04:29
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: forged Sternlight posting? 
Apparently someone has forged a Sternlight posting on sci.crypt and
alt.privacy.clipper. If the author can hear me: you should be severely
ashamed. I've said before that Sternlight is actually (in a warped way)
a *resource* to the net because of his representation of the NSA and
`fuzzy-brained public' opinion. Without him, we'd have nothing but all
of ourselves in a bland choir.
Cypherpunks, maybe we can help track down the culprit. The forgery says
`recently, some have called me a dupe'. Perhaps it is an allusion to a
recent flame war wherein the counterfeiter participated.
Cypherpunks are sneaky, but not sleazy. I look forward to the day when
digital signatures and other authentication methods make forged
postings like this a strange historical anachronism.
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-05-28 21:27:30
@_author:  L. Detweiler  
@_subject: Sternlight forgery 
Sheesh, hours spent on the Mycotronx posting are rewarded with uniform
deafening apathy, and this gets all the reaction.  I'd never have
thought I'd be flamed for condemning a forgery. When did it happen that
cancelling other's postings and deceitful forgeries wasn't taboo? Ok,
ok, maybe it never was, and nothing's sacred in cyberspace; don't flame
me with the history of Usenet taboos.
Perhaps I didn't make this clear, but the names and themes (Zimmerman,
Bidzos, RSA, PGP, other cypherpunk members) in the forged letter
suggested to me a cypherpunk subscriber may have been responsible.
Otherwise, I would not have posted it here. It's just my modest warning
and reminder that while we might be revolutionaries we're not scoundrels.
I take exception to the description of the posting as an `innocent
joke'. I have no problem with an `innocent joke' like this being posted
under someone's name or even anonymously. It seems to me at least some
of the intent was rooted in malice and deceit. Ah, but I'm starting to
sound like Depew.
peter honeyman Ouch.  I assure you Mr. Spafford is not my type, and anyway he has
apparently resigned from the position of net.policeman so the point is
mute.  (At the quasi-demise of anon.penet.fi there was a lot of rumor
and speculation that he was the `highly regarded net personality' who
sent the poison letter alluded by Helsingius. I wonder if that tipped
him over the edge?)
Excuse me, I just thought it might give some bored cypherpunk something
to do with their afternoon in helping track down the posting. I think
I'll just go lurk in a dark Usenet corner.

@_date: 1993-11-03 23:22:22
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudospoofing SF 
cypherpunks interested in identity mutations, perversions, and crimes
like MPD, impersonation, pseudospoofing, etc., and developing a
legendary anecdotes and a complex mythology regarding it all with e.g.
compiled science fiction references, (who comprise the majority of the
members, based on my mail and enemies) may be delighted by the
masterpiece novella `Mefisto in Onyx' by Harlan Ellison in the Oct.
1993 Omni magazine.

@_date: 1993-11-06 01:07:54
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudospoofing ad nauseam 
- another Mailing List
- the Fires in my Mailbox
- on the Unequivocal Distinction of Pseudoanonymity
- my Position and a Modest Proposal Crystallized
- an Open Letter to Criminals and Terrorists
- the Story of the Cyberspatial Lynch Mob
- on Pseudospoofing by the Eminent Leaders
- L. Detweiler's Complete Confession
another Mailing List
I would like to hear from any cypherpunks interested in starting
another mailing list. I unfortunately lack the resources to start one.
It seems to me there would be a strong interest in the following agenda:
- in favor of Democracy and experimenting with voting systems
- in favor of some form of Government, and some form of law enforcement
- in favor of experimenting with reputation schemes
- in favor of some identification systems, esp. to catch criminals
- in favor of a `movement' that includes political aspects
- in favor of a totally open, honest, representative, polite,
respectful, egalitarian dialogue
- in favor of systematic development and progress reports to others
- in favor of presenting a professional appearance to the public and media
- in favor of `some' restrictions on communications to limit criminality
- in favor of putting together protocols, RFCs, and FAQs for the world
- against Clipper or any involuntary encryption scheme
- against behind-the-scenes machinations (`conspiracies') or elitism
- against tax evasion
- against black marketeering
- against pseudospoofing and pseudoanonymity
- against other criminal behaviors like impersonation and forgery
- against routine hostility, secrecy, and flames
- against manipulating the media or individual ego-assuagement
- against people only interested in tedious debates or popularity contests
Above all, in favor of `using technology, especially cryptographic
techniques, to accomplish promote all of the above.'
I don't really know how many current cypherpunks would be interested in
this agenda. Judging by my mail, NONE!  But seriously, I think there
are some more `moderate' cypherpunks out there who would really love
this agenda, and their existence has long caused a lot of tension on
this list over the above points, when what is really happening is that
there is a tension in fundamentally incompatible goals and views
underneath it all, such that we could all be better served by better
`organization' (or perhaps `segragation' or `sequestration' ).
Regarding the above agenda: we should recognize that all great
technologies can be used for different purposes. The internet can be
used for honest communication between strangers, or it can be used to
manipulate people who naturally trust each other. We can develop
digital cash schemes that encourage tax evasion and black marketeering,
or they can enforce some taxation and discourage criminal behavior for
overall social harmony (quite like the system we currently live under).
Nothing is inevitable with passivity, everything is possible with activity!
As I recall, a long time ago, in a very hot flame war over the
Cypherpunks name involving all the great luminaries (E.Hughes, T.C.May,
P.Metzger, etc.) T.C.May ended up posting a message near the dying
embers of the flames that indicated some of the other names that he and
E.Hughes had tossed around. Does anyone have that message? Could you
send it to me? I thought there were some interesting names in there, as
I recall. I wouldn't want to take anyway from the existing cypherpunk
agenda in promoting something that was entirely incompatible with it
under the same name. The public and the media would certainly be
confused (as if they aren't already)! I was thinking -- maybe the
`cypherwonks'. (Ever hear about Bill Clinton being a `policy wonk'?) As for the mailing list, if anyone starts one I promise you my personal
cyberspatial allegiance as long as it sticks to this above agenda, and
humbly offer you all the things I have done on this list over about 10
months or so, like forwarding articles, summarizing views, `cypherwonk
awards', mini-newsletters, hot controversy, analysis of press reports,
Clipper & NSA flames, D.Denning ridicule , etc. if you provide a
highly literate, polite, and professional audience.
Just imagine, all of you in the L. Detweiler Hate Society (the
membership has quite grown lately!) -- you could be freed of all the
flames here over everything I stand for! I'm *sure* you will appreciate that. the Fires in my Mailbox
yes, the flames in my mailbox have really died down. It's gone from
ah, I have to settle for what I can get, even if it is sarcastic.
on the Unequivocal Distinction of Pseudoanonymity
(So, because I am insane, I am writing more on the subject of
pseudospoofing, as more carrion for the amusement of vultures.)
It really astounds me how many people continue to write me email
obfuscating the distinction between anonymous/pseudonymous mail vs. pseudoanonymous.
In the former category, the identification in the message says or
implies, `this could be from *anyone*.' `passive concealment'.
In the latter, the identification implies, `this is from a real person
named [x], distinct from any other real people named [y].'
Also,  many continue to ignore the sheer dangers of this practice. If
anyone does not understand and has not seen my essay `The Joy of
Pseudospoofing', please email me and I will send it to you. (If you
have seen it, and continue to miss the point, well, I can't help you.
As Ann Landers says, seek professional counseling.)
my Position and a Modest Proposal Crystallized
I fear my position has been accidentally misrepresented on this list by
people who wish to understand pseudospoofing, or intentionally
obfuscated phantoms who wish to demonize me. (Once, a long time ago, I
flamed D.Denning with such searing ire on this list. T.C.May suggested
that `demonizing' anyone was counterproductive and impolite. Point well
taken! What goes around comes around!)
Here is what I propose for the Internet.
1) a *voluntary* system whereby people who want to `authenticate' their
identities can do so by registering with some form of identification.
2) identification servers could be formed that would service requests
in the form, `is identity [x] a real person?'
3) hence, people who choice to screen pseudospoofed identities from
their mailboxes have the choice of subscribing to a system that allows
them this freedom of choice.
Such a system, in my view, is NOT Draconian, NOT Orwellian, NOT against
the grain of the Internet, and actually feasible in practice. And, in
fact I think some form of this is *inevitable*. (and, believe it or
not, contrary to the brainwashing, this is *not* incompatible with
`true' or `pure' anonymity, which is quite another issue entirely.) Mr.
Finney suggested this scheme for `is a person' certificates many
messages ago. I fervently believe this system is going to be inevitable
because of its high social usefulness and desirability. I'll bet anyone
$1 in digital cash the most popular version of Cyberspace is going to
have at *least* this much.
an Open Letter to Criminals and Terrorists
Many people have been using all kinds of euphemisms for condoning
brutality in referring to pseudospoofing etc. `anyone who doesn't know
how the internet works deserves to learn the hard way.' `anyone who is
stupid enough not to recognize that pseudospoofing is a fact of life
should go somewhere else with padded walls and handholding, like Prodigy.' (etc.)
But all you vicious cypherpunks, recognize: the world is not as
unrefined and raw as you yourselves are, as much as you say it is and
wish it were. The greatest and most omnipresent technology is that
which is simple and incorruptable. The widespread public can be
frightened very easily! and will gravitate toward a system that
promotes trust and honesty, because they themselves crave trust and
honesty. it is a total fantasy if you think you are going to get away
with your imaginary identity arsenals in the future civilized
cyberspace. yes, there may be some bloody battles, but you are going to
lose. Or, at least, as I was telling an eminent member of EFF, if you
do not lose, and I have not died in the battle, I think I will commit suicide.
Inevitably, some of you are going to want to sabotage a system that
prevents pseudospoofing -- `because its there' -- even if doing so is
against the law. I am absolutely AGHAST how much raw criminality is
being disguised here in `the cryptographic revolution' and `privacy for
the masses' brainwashing. From my mail, a very strong representation of
cypherpunks are in favor of, perhaps routinely, FORGING things like
birth certificates etc. in the name of PRIVACY. this they disguise
under views like, `those damned Big Corporations and Government are
Evil, and we have to do everything we can to stop their oppression.'
uh, how exactly are you being oppressed? you look at the bountiful
fruits of our society and think you are being deprived? `whatever
system you will invent, someone will break it.'  well, yes, this is
like saying, `criminals exist.'
there are these cypherpunks who have created an entire *religion* out
of *defying* and *sabotaging* whatever identification scheme is
invented. Let it be signatures, checks, birth certificiates, drivers
licenses, social security, etc. How many cypherpunks are reincarnated
thieves, anyway? What society do you people live in, anyway? do you
think that checks with your True Name invade your privacy? do you think
your bank, associates, or the government doesn't have a right to know
who you are? (Uh, rhetorical question. I know the answer.)
I hold this as an AXIOM, an Inalienable Human Right: you do NOT have
the right to guarantee that another particular individual will read
your pseudospoofed postings. If they choose to develop a system that
filters it and do all their communication within it, I think you're out
of luck (yes, the technique of pseudoanonymity will always be possible
in frivolous amusement parks and other various quarantined playpens.)
If you think otherwise, well, I guess those bloody battles have already
started, haven't they?
Frankly, I think quite a few cypherpunks have seriously deluded
themselves about the basic nature of the Internet and the ultimate
desirability and likelihood of certain protocols (and their own
influence in manipulating them). The mail I have been getting is just
so far beyond reality, I can barely even respond to it. As (I think)
Linus Pauling once said after coming out of a talk, after prompted by a
student, `It wasn't even wrong'. This would not be a problem, but in my
view you cypherpunks, with your pseudospoofing, forgeries, and
sabotage, are really poisoning Cyberspace. Excuse me, I live here too,
and it is all choking me.
the Story of the Cyberspatial Lynch Mob
Here is one aspect of pseudospoofing I haven't really addressed yet publicly.
`As for people being tricked into seeing a consensus when one does not
exist, who cares?'
The person who asked me this was referring to a scenario like this.
Imagine that Medusa has grown quite a few snakes in cyberspace, and
uses them all in a single disinformation campaign. `who cares?'
To answer this, consider the psychology and anatomy of a lynch mob. In
frontier days, this was the notion of `criminal justice' -- a mob of
people would catch a criminal, supposedly the perpetrator of heinous
crimes. I suspect pseudo-trials went on even in these `mob societies'.
you see, a mob is often comprised of people with a slight glimmer of
conscience individually. A leader will often arise who manipulates that
doubt so that it is turned into vicious hatred, almost animal
brutality, to serve the aims of the public lynching.
`What did this man do?' the leader might ask, somewhat rhetorically.
`He stole my gold!' says one.
`He raped my wife!' says another.
`He murdered my brother!' says the other.
At this point, as you can imagine, the rest of the mob needs no further
motivation. If they are too impatient to watch the `criminal's' eyes
bulge out from the asphyxiating rope, or are in a particularly
vindictive mood, they might even rip or bludgeon the `criminal' to
oozing brains and blood, meat strips, and poking bones with their bare
hands, all with the barest encouragement like `what are we going to DO
ABOUT IT?' from the Leader.
Ah -- Justice is Served --
but what if the `Leader' is Medusa? And `one' is Snake  `another' is
Snake  and `the other' is Snake on Pseudospoofing by the Eminent Leaders
By the way, some people have said to me in email that E.Hughes and
T.C.May have publicly condemned pseudospoofing, or at least indicated
they have not ever practiced it, or at least they are not doing it
routinely,  or at least that they are not doing it at the moment, or at
least they hate the term `pseudospoof', or whatever. If so, please send me those messages. I missed them. (I have asked them
to post on the subject, but these letters invariably go unanswered.
They are exceedingly evasive in my private email. In fact, Mr. May said
that he was quite tired of my enthusiams, and I have so upset Mr.
Hughes that he has given me the great honor of putting me, alone, in
solitary confinement, into his kill file. `plonk!') The only statements
I have are the following:
``That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited. The claim
that a person should have only one pseudonym per forum indicates
profound misunderstanding.  If someone wants to have multiple ...
pseudonyms, they will be able to; that is one of the main goals of
cypherpunks software.  The situations you despise will occur.  This is
reality.  Change your own psychology or change your own software.  You
will not be able to change the other person.''
--E.Hughes, cofounder, Cypherpunks
``Better to live with the occasional vagaries of digital pseudonyms
than to ban them.''
--T.C.May, cofounder, Cypherpunks
L. Detweiler's Complete Confession
By the way, just to encourage others to come clean, express my good
will and sense of ethics to all the cypherpunks on this list, and
whiten my own conscience, following is my public posting of the list of
all the pseudoanonymous identities I have ever posted or emailed under:

@_date: 1993-11-06 02:07:57
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: `the Dinkelacker matter' 
Many people appear to have me confused with `S.Boxx'. I assure you, we
are two unique identities. Anyway, this all appears to have resulted
partly from H.Finney's posting a while back asking for help in
relieving me of my `mental anguish' and `mental suffering' as a
`personal favor' to bring me `piece of mind.'
I'm not really sure where Mr. Finney got this impression -- perhaps
from private mail we traded. I definitely had some doubts about the
`Dinkelacker matter', partly in consideration of the (admittedly
bizarre) `S.Boxx' postings, as I stated publicly in response to his
post. But I (L. Detweiler!) haven't ever publicly accused Mr.
Dinkelacker of being anyone other than Mr. Dinkelacker, that I remember!
Anyway, an eminent cypherpunk was kind enough to clear up this
misunderstanding to me in email. I asked him to post to the list or to
sci.crypt, but to my knowledge it has not made it to either place so
far. Since this is an important matter and may have caused some other
cypherpunks some confusion, here is the *unequivocal* assurance that
Dinkelacker exists independent of T.C.May, and that the latter has
never posted under the identity of the former! (esp. given the eminent
reputation of this kind soul who has reassured me.)
I really appreciate this effort to help me in my own doubts, but also
let me assure everyone that (contrary to the person's suggestions) I am
not `clinging to a paranoid fantasy, adding layers of elaboration, and
as more evidence comes forward just adding layers upon layers,' `afraid
of the truth', `afraid to face the possibility you are wrong'
As far as all this pseudospoofing, it is something I would rather not
worry about, and I'm very hopeful that J. Helsingius will start a new
list where it is at least discouraged. I would like to see a new taboo
against it arise with the strength of those currently against network
censorship. In some quarters of the internet, the taboo against
pseudospoofing is actually there. Unfortunately, quite the opposite is
the case here, and it has indeed caused me some unpleasant and
unsettling doubts I would not even wish on my enemies. A new list would
certainly solve a lot of problems!
I really appreciate this person's concern and compassion, but even if
Mr. Dinkelacker was a snake of Medusa or a tentacle of a monster, I
certainly would not waste much time in `screwing myself up' over it. As
for my `reluctance to call Mr. May or Mr. Dinkelacker yourself' is not
due less to blind obstinacy than blase disinterist! (Although I'm not
sure how this person knew I hadn't called either -- but that's just my
paranoia speaking! ) Actually, Mr. May sent me mail stating that the
assertion that he had ever posted under J. Dinkelacker,
jamie at netcom.com, was `too bizarre to be believed', and I believe him.
I wasn't quite sure what he meant about his actual pseudospoofing
experience, though, and that's not really my business to comment on (I
asked him to post an unequivocal statement to the list, beyond his
initial satire, given the importance of the matter, which I have apparently missed).
(following slightly edited to preserve anonymity)
Lance - For what it's worth, I called Jamie Dinkelacker on the phone yesterday.
He seemed to be a real person.  I had met Tim May a year or two ago (and
BTW, Tim looks just like his picture in Wired), and Dinkelacker 's  voice
seemed different from Tim's.  Tim had a deep voice (he's a big guy) while
Dinkelacker's was higher pitched.
We talked for about twenty minutes, and I was convinced that he was who he
claimed.  He is the former VP of Marketing for AMix, the American Information
Exchange, a spin-off from Autodesk (the CAD company) which I think went
out of business last year (maybe they're still around).  You might be able
to find some articles about AMiX from last year or the year before and they
might mention him.
Dinkelacker is active in nanotechnology circles there in the Bay area.  That
is how he met Tim.  He has never been to a CP meeting.  He mentioned a
couple of people who knew them both: Nick Szabo, who confirmed this to me
in email, and also Max More, whom I know personally.  Max is a grad student
at USC, where my [...] goes to school.  He is the founder of thee Extropian
movement, and publishes a twice-yearly journal called Extropy.  Max is a
really nice guy, soft-spoken and friendly.  He is originally from Ireland.
If you'd like his phone number, let me know.
This is about all I can offer you in terms of evidence for Dinkelacker's
independent existence.  It's up to you now.  You can cling to this paranoid
fantasy, adding layers of elaboration, saying that I must be a false identity,
Nick must be, this Max More must be (but then, who publishes Extropy?  You
can get back issues going back three years!), and as more evidence comes
forward you just add layers upon layers.
Or you can say to yourself, do I really have any basis for believing that
people are trying to mislead me in this way?  Who is my best candidate for
being a fake persona?  Let's investigate that one in detail.  Let's face
the truth.
If you're afraid of the truth, you're never going to find your way out of
fantasy.  Your reluctance to call Tim May and Jamie Dinkelacker directly
suggests to me that you don't really want to face the possibility that you
are wrong.  That's your decision to make, but I have to say that it's sad
to see you screwing yourself up like this.  I hope you can get straight.

@_date: 1993-11-09 01:13:10
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Real Identity: valid or worthless? 
Many have sent me mail along the lines, `the concept of real identity
is fading away completely. It no longer has any meaning. You simply
don't get it. There are no distinctions between imaginary and real identities.'
But that is not my complaint, that you have an arsenal of imaginary
identities to play with. It is when you wish to pretend that they are
*real* that I object.
Society actually tolerates anonymity and pseudonymity. They say, `if
you are not willing to affix your name to your opinions, they WEIGH
LESS than if you do.' (some may say they are `worthless' -- but that is
their opinion, and they are entitled to it!) We cannot ever change
that. That is a Universal Law. If I volunteer to be responsible for
everything I write, that automatically carries far more intrinsic
weight and `reputation capital' than any monster's tentacle or Medusa's
snake. Identity, reputation, and value are interchangable! And the
choice of whether I am responsible for my writing and actions *can* be
made, recorded, and enforced!
It is not allowable that anonymous opinions be *globally* censored, but
it is entirely acceptable, and necessary, there be the capability for
individual, *local* filtering.
Many cypherpunks denigrating the value of *real* identity and blurring
the distinction of real and imaginary identities are casting out
wretched lies. They intrinisically recognize the implicit existence of
the fundamental distinction between real and imaginary identities, and
the extreme value of *real* identity between the two, while at the same
time denying it all. The PSYCHOPUNKS seek to STEAL REAL REPUTATION with PSEUDOSPOOFING of
IMAGINARY IDENTITIES. they would gain no profit if no one trusted any
identity (the philosophy they simultaneously advocate and defame)! they
only gain so long as the system of trust they rob from is in place! If
no one trusted the system (as they exalt and defame, again, as the
context suits them), they would no longer be able to rob from it! In
their deceptive sham and confidence game, they *lie* that they are
accountable for their opinions! And defraud all the investors who believe it!
They understand: the distinction of real and imaginary identities is a
an extremely powerful mechanism that involves intense levels of trust.
And wherever there is value and trust, the criminals zoom in on! ``we
can steal real reputation with imaginary identities by corrupting any
system that distinguishes between real and imaginary identities.''
Nothing but the ancient criminal refrain, ``we can steal money from
honest people with criminal means by corrupting any system that
protects honest people's money.'' Or, in the root form, ``we can steal
money by tricking honest people.''
pseudospoofers are nothing but REPUTATION THIEVES. of course they exalt
the system they rob from! and deny that there is any way to embezzle
gold from the treasury! they even deny the gold has any value! why,
they are providing a valuable public service by relieving everyone of
their gold who is too ignorant to realize it can be stolen!
What utter, shameful, poisonous hypocrisy. I hope you all choke on your
own poison. I have news for you, psychopunks, THE TREASURY IS BARE.

@_date: 1993-11-09 18:23:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Amusements of Cypherpunks 
Mr. Metzger, premier cypherpunk, undoubtedly derived great ecstasy from
mailing me 16 copies of the following letter, apparently in response to
my complimenting & commending him on his recently released RSA toolkit...
Who was it that said something about `striking a nerve'? Was that J.
Dinkelacker? I forget.

@_date: 1993-11-09 23:03:17
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: put me in your kill file 
Earlier I suggested that Mr. Hughes had put me in his kill file. I
actually had misinterpreted another message from another eminent
cypherpunk (involved in MacPGP developement) who quoted Mr. Hughes and
then his own indication that he was putting me in his kill file in my
mail. Sorry for the confusion. Quite to the contrary, as recent events
demonstrate, Mr. Hughes has had the great courtesy and kindness to
continue to listen to my posts, even though I'm obviously very
personally rattled and these postings obviously upset him a great deal.
A true model of humanity and compassion to a troubled soul. My personal
and humble thanks, Mr. Hughes. You've been a guiding light and an
inspiration to me these last few weeks.
For everyone else who can't stand me, let me suggest that putting me in
your kill files will save you lots of exasperation. I certainly believe
it is a far more mature and sensible approach than a puerile stunt like
mini-mailbombing me. I fear that others are escalating a sensitive but
frivolous situation to rather extreme and inappropriate levels, with a
lot of intense emotionalism.
BTW, there is no need to inform me that I am in your kill file. That
would be rather pointless and defeat the purpose of defeating communication!

@_date: 1993-11-10 22:23:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Depravities of Cypherpunks 
I did not understand Mr. Metzger at first. When he sent me messages in
the form `go away and leave us alone' I thought he was suggesting I be
censored from the cypherpunks mailing list. Apparently he is only
objecting to personal email from me. Well, after receiving 40 messages
with the concatenated contents of other messages from him and myself
over the matter, in response to the following two, I certainly will not do so.
Mr. Metzger did say it was OK for me to post to the Cypherpunks list,
for which I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude in his allowing me
his permission. He threatened to send me 400 letters the next time I
sent him personal mail however, and of course he is certainly capable of it.
I mailed postmaster at lehman.com, asking him to encourage Mr. Metzger to
learn how to use a kill file instead of sending me mailbombs in
response to his obvious intense mental anguish at seeing my name ,
but unfortunately Mr. Metzger is the postmaster at his site.
Mr. Hughes is quite perplexed at my sheer rage at Mr. Metzger's
unsurpassed childishness. He didn't approve of me attempting to shame
Mr. Metzger (a close personal friend, I suppose) into refraining from
sending me mailbombs and dealing with his own insanity in a more
proactive manner -- like figuring out how to implement a kill file in
his mail -- by informing the cypherpunk world of his puerile prank. I
told Mr. Hughes that it was likely that Mr. Metzger was his own site
administrator (I was not positive at this point, alas). Mr. Hughes has
not responded to that letter.
Mr. Hughes is also quite puzzled why I should violate Mr. Metzger's
privacy in revealing his `private' mailbomb to other members of the
community he (supposedly) resides in. I guess he believes that
mailbombs, like everything else, are a private matter. My apologies,
Mr. Hughes, for what you consider an inappropriate use of your mailing
list. My personal opinion is that I had essentially no other recourse,
and even the `recourse' I chose was obviously ineffective! I asked Mr.
Hughes to condemn Mr. Metzger's behavior. So far his only comment is
that it was `rude'. Maybe he will have another opinion upon learning of
Mr. Metzgers 40 letter bomb just received, or his 400 letter threat. Or
maybe he thinks that Mr. Metzger is just another patriotic cypherpunk,
perhaps even deserving of a medal!
Also, I have mail from Mr. Jason Zions (jazz at hal.com) also complaining
that I violated Mr. Metzger's privacy in revealing his mailbomb to me
to the list as a whole. This strange code of cypherpunk chivalry I am
not familar with. I am quite bewildered! Perhaps someone can point me
to an FTP site housing the Cypherpunk Code of Chivalry. I looked on
soda.berkeley.com and found the Cypherpunk Charter (By E.Hughes)
talking a lot about things like privacy and software, but it didn't
really seem to address the issue of mailbombing. Maybe the basic idea
is just privacy *everywhere*, even with cyberspacial assault and
societal criminals. I guess I did miss the point. If all the other
cypherpunks condone or applaud Mr. Metzger's behavior, please let me
know. I'm not really sure what the consensus is on this. (Of course,
here, no one can really be sure of the consensus on *anything*! ) I
certainly haven't heard from anyone I respect yet, assuming these
people are still on the list.
BTW -- I do get the impression that the list membership is down.
Perhaps Mr. Hughes can reveal that directly. Some people have been
blaming me for the `deterioration of the list' lately. Another person
told me that the list had `quite improved since I stopped posting'. I'm
not sure what to make of all this -- unless both were tentacles, I
suppose that might explain it all. Frankly, I have been posting very
little lately compared to my Golden Cypherpunk Days. (ah, the carefree
and naive life of youth.) Also, Mr. Hughes has always advocated
software solutions like kill files, and if anyone objects to my
presence, please put me in yours. It is silly to continually be
offended by me! The people who are interested in listening will not
plonk me, and those that are inflamed by my postings *will* -- what
could be simpler? That certainly couldn't be a problem for anyone,
could it? I mean, if what I am saying has no merit, people will
immediately recognize that, right? To paraphrase somebody else, `There
is only a message'.
* * *
P.M., after the 40 letter mailbomb
Mr. Metzger, I assure you an apocalypse in cyberspace will happen
before I will ever send a message to the address pmetzger at lehman.com.
In fact, perhaps you could tell me all your other addresses, so I do
not inadvertently send mail to them. For example, I had a glimmer of
hope that postmaster at lehman.com was not you, and paid dearly for it
with your 40 letter mailbomb. Mr. Metzger, Do you pseudospoof? This could be a problem. What if I
inadvertently send something to one of your tentacles? Does that count?
Will you mailbomb me in that case, or just forgive me for my stark
ignorance? I have to ask a favor, if you don't--perhaps you could give
me a list of all the addresses you post from. I mean, that would
compromise the pseudoanonymous security of your identities, but on the
other hand I have absolutely no desire to be subject to another
explosion in my mailbox when I open my mail! I guess in this case, you
might have to decide which is worth more, your hatred for me and insane
desire that you not see any communication from me in any form, or your
passionate goal of further undetected, secret pseudospoofing.
You have to forgive me for my instinct of replying to the letters in my
mailbox. It has served me well until now. I assure you I will now make
an exception in your case! For example, my response to your last
letterbomb threat might have been `please don't do it!' but I now
realize that would have gotten me `nowhere' (or wherever it is that
bomb victims go) thanks to the previous two mailbombs! Thanks for the
valuable education in cyberspacial netiquette! (All my habits and
perceptions in cyberspace have been radically altered lately in
response to changing circumstances, and your mailbombing is just the
latest incarnation, so I certainly shouldn't be complaining!)
HOWEVER -- I will continue to post to the cypherpunks list, since you,
Mr. Metzger, have so kindly given me permission and I am still not
being censored yet. Please, please, please Mr. Metzger, do not
interpret this as sending you private mail! I certainly have NO DESIRE
WHATSOEVER to be subject to your 400 LETTER MAILBOMB. Perhaps some
other cypherpunks, who have no objections to your behavior so far, and
criticize me for taking a stand by condemning it publicly, would like
to VOLUNTEER IN MY PLACE.
So, here is what bought me the 40 letter mailbomb:

@_date: 1993-11-10 22:53:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Waving the White Flag 
Gosh, it has been very unpleasant lately. I have never been subject to
mailbombs, and my postmaster has never been harassed over my postings
anywhere (by an Eminent Cypherpunk Leader, no less), before yesterday
and today. Yes, I really thank all the cypherpunks for their valuable
lessons on the internet and cyberspace. Now we really *can* believe
that pseudospoofing inherently promotes a sense of community trust and
harmony! All this time, and all the rancor on the list, all our stellar
successes in media penetration and identity-subversion protocols can be
chalked up to the Joy of Pseudospoofing. I really am grateful for you
all in showing me your vision of cyberspace, and how it is superior to
all those Orwellian and `Dossier Society' schemes that involve those
oppressive identification protocols.
Anyway, this letter is an attempt to find a topic that someone will not
flame me about, and is relevant to the cypherpunk list as I understand it!
Phiber Optik
I have been watching the trial of Mark Abene, aka Phiber Optik,
closely, and I think I even fowarded articles on it to the cypherpunks
once. This is a very fascinating trial. We learn, for example, of the
first use of wiretaps for digital data (modem communications) for a
successful prosecution. Also, we learned about how LOD (Legion of Doom)

@_date: 1993-11-10 23:32:55
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Tragedies of Pseudospoofing 
I wrote another essay, `the Joy of Pseudospoofing', which I have been
refining and evolving, and will be glad to email it to anyone who is
interested. For now, I would like to address briefly the issue, `The
Tragedies of Pseudospoofing.'
Knowledge & Friendship
Consider the basis of friendship. In many ways, knowledge is
friendship. The more you know about someone, the closer you feel. And
in fact if you don't know certain things, about someone you consider a
close friend, you might be surprised or upset. `I never knew that! why
didn't you tell me?' or `you've been holding out on me! I'm upset!'
Also, many of our metaphors about friendship involve its basis in
knowledge, like thses. The whole idea of sharing knowledge is inherent
to the idea of trust that is so critical in true friendship. We trust
our friends not to betray us with sensitive information about ourselves
to our enemies. There are plenty of classic situations about this.
One really hilarious example, I recall, is that told in one Seinfeld
story, where Jerry (is that right?), in the middle of some `hot and
heavy' activity  tries to talk dirty to a girlfriend that was
Elayne's (his close personal friend) secretary. It backfires, the
girlfriend/secretary is incredibly upset and offended. Jerry, in total
desperation, as a last ditch effort, says, `now, of course, beyond
everything else, this is just between you and me.' The girlfriend
storms out the room.
Later, Jerry hears that Elayne promoted the secretary, or the secretary
was leaving her office. He drops all kinds of hints. `Was that *all*
she said?' He didn't want to be embarrassed by a frivolous girlfriend
in front of his true friend. Elayne shows no sign that she heard of
anything embarassing. But, later after she was walking out the door,
she snidely quotes the exact lines of Jerry's backfired dirty talk!
Jerry was betrayed by *both* the girlfriend and Elayne. And Elayne in
an extremely callously, manipulative way! She dangled the knowledge
above him, like someone teases and tortures an animal.
So, the point of all this is that `information control' is one of the
most crucial aspects of friendship.
Pseudospoofing & Friendship
Now, consider the ingredient of pseudospoofing, and how it completely
destroys all this trust. First, suppose that no one knows I am posting
under Jim Riverman. They would be really aghast to find out later, even
if everything said under Jim Riverman was wholly respectable (or
perhaps, especially in that case!). That is part of friendship:
exploring all the nooks and crannies of each other's personalities. Its
because of friendship that people say, `I want to get to *know* you' or
`you think you *know* someone...'When we come upon locked boxes, the
trust evaporates.
Also, consider that I write a lot of outstanding material on software
engineering under Jim Riverman. Everyone might get the impression that
L. Detweiler doesn't know squat about software engineering. And L.
Detweiler might even go to a job interview, where the interviewer was
also on the Software Engineering mailing list. `I'm sorry Mr.
Detweiler, your experience as I've seen on the list just doesn't cut
it. On the other hand, that Jim Riverman really knows what he is
talking about, but all he could do was recommend that you come. I
really am disappointed. Please have him come himself.'
In fact, if Jim Riverman did all the posting, people might think that
L. Detweiler didn't know squat about *anything*, when in fact L.
Detweiler was posting his brains out under another identity (so to
speak!). They might become alienated. `What has that L. Detweiler done
for the Software Engineering Mailing List, anyway?'
To bring this home, consider the following. Suppose that E.Hughes was
actually posting as H.Finney (my apologies to both of you, please just
grin and bear this, I need the effect). We would be startled to find
out that E.Hughes had such extensive legal experience with the ITAR or
capability in presenting outstanding articles and tutorials to
newcomers. In fact, people might even become disillusioned with, or
criticize, E.Hughes because they don't see the `leadership' posting
anything that helps newcomers, when in fact they are `posting their
brains out' (so to speak!).
Yet More Tragedies
Another problem with pseudospoofing is that of publishing. Suppose that
E.Hughes now wished to write a big article for RISKS about the ITAR. He
could not do so except under H. Finney without potentially compromising
a `crossing' (where someone discovers the correlation). So he would
have to post as H.Finney. But this would be a problem, because people
might send mail to H.Finney after seeing the great RISKS posting.
`Please come give a talk to our university for $10K'. H. Finney, if he
had the audacity to respond, might say, `I'm sorry, I can't make it,
but my friend E.Hughes can. I taught him everything I know.' If the
university even responds, it might be something in the form `why can't
*you* do it?' or `sorry, we're not interested.' H.Finney at the same
time craves reputation, but abhors recognition. A hellish life indeed.
Also, consider the problem of phone numbers. People like to maintain
relationships over the phone.  Cyberspace just seems too impersonal at
times. What happens when someone asks for the phone number of a
tentacle? Does Medusa say, `gee, my phone service is really bad, and if
you are looking for ways of getting in touch with me, the phone is the
worst of all. please send me a fax instead.' If the person trying to
maintain a friendship didn't go away right then, they'd be *un*lucky.
But in any case, they would feel quite upset and alienated. Any way you
look at it, they have been betrayed. The only question is, to what extent?
I think that this `cyberspace thing' is not about building
*reputations*, but about building *friendships*. A reputation is
nothing but condensed admiration that is synonymous with friendship.
And looking over the idea of pseudospoofing, I can't see how anyone who
practices it could conceivably have *any* friends, because of all the
details they have to hide from others. (Does a person with Multiple
Personality Disorder or a pathological liar have any friends?) But, at
the same time, I'm sure I will hear from many snakes and claiming it
*is* possible, and that *they* have friends. Maybe they are referring
to all their `friends' as the other tentacles around them!
What a pity. Like I was telling someone recently, `I really feel sorry for you.'

@_date: 1993-11-13 00:49:45
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Courtesies of Cypherpunks 
From: jazz at hal.com (Jason Zions)
I owe no courtesy to someone who forfeits any respect in their
atrocious misbehavior. This is as simple as the maxim, if you are a
criminal your rights are diminished. If you mailbomb me, you have
forfeited your `right to privacy'. If you email my postmaster a
complaint about me before contacting me, you have forfeited your `right
to privacy'. If you lie to me, you have forfeited your `right to
privacy'. If you fail to adequately respond to my personal accusations
of impropriety or criminality, especially meeting them with evasion or
stonewalling, you have forfeited your `right to privacy'. If you have
ever sent me mail as a Snake of Medusa or a Tentacle of a Monster, you
have forfeited your `right to privacy' -- under ALL your pseudonyms and
identities. If you ridiculously condone and endorse any such
reprehensible behaviors under such patent idiocy as `respecting
copyright' or `common courtesy', you have forfeited your `right to
privacy'. If you have done any of the above to *anyone*, you have
forfeited your `right to privacy' with respect to EVERYONE in your society!
I also think you have forfeited your right to speak in that society as
well -- maybe only temporarly -- but in situations where these kinds of
outrageous behaviors are condoned by a corrupt moderator, no recourse
except leaving or starting a new list is possible.
In particularly obnoxious cases of criminal abuse, I will attempt to
shame you into repentance by ridiculing you in front of people who
appear to be your friends and community (presuming you actually have
any), if all other measures have failed. (Even this may be ineffective,
but if you have no shame, you have no humanity.) That is the Detweiler Code of Cyberspatial Ethics and Privacy. If it is
incompatible with the Cypherpunk Code of Chivalry, my heartfelt
condolences go out to you. Perhaps you would like to elucidate me as to
which of the above practices require my RESPECT.
As I was saying, psychopunks have elevated their religion of `privacy'
and `pseudospoofing' to perverse extremes. ``The cypherpunk agenda is
becoming indistinguishable from raw criminality.'' May you choke on
your own poisons. Already, you wallow and drown in them and defile the
naive, trusting, honest, and innocent daily on your list. Frankly, I
can barely stand to be in the same Cyberspace with you. The `psychopunk
core' of the cypherpunks is nothing but a fanatic, brainwashed
religious cult. No wonder you guys identify with David Koresh. I assure
you, future Cyberspace will not be big enough for the both of us.
Go ahead, CENSOR me! For the crime of writing `FLAMEBAIT' or,
equivalently, YELLING THE TRUTH.
What depraved hypocrisy, that some psychopunks attempt to CENSOR ME
indirectly by mailing my postmaster (who could care less about your
sniveling whinings).
You guys really do have *some* ethics, don't you? ``Don't ever DIRECTLY
CENSOR ANYTHING!'' ``NEVER GET CAUGHT or be PERSONALLY ACCOUNTABLE or
RESPONSIBLE for ANYTHING!''

@_date: 1993-11-13 02:44:46
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Religion of the Cypherpunks 
- EH & TCM statements on pseudospoofing
- hypocrisies and the religion of pseudospoofing
- the second pseudospoofing survey
- a tale of two `cypherpunks' (Or: The Postmaster, The Magicians, and the Critic)
EH & TCM statements on pseudospoofing
I missed the public statements by EH and TCM that `they have never
`pseudospoofed'', despite my various requests, both public and private,
over the past few weeks -- could someone email those to me? Mr. May
told me he `had experimented' with the technique (I only say this
because I think it is public knowledge at this point). I have seen some
circuitous statements (quoted in the RISKS article) that pseudonyms are
a fact of life in cyberspace, and `the situations you despise will
occur.' None of these are very authoritative, IMHO. All the statements
I have seen are far from conclusive, and they have consistently
stonewalled and evaded me in private mail. (That is the *only* reason I
have continued to escalate my rhetoric.) If they answered my simple
questions, and been straightforward about their practices, I would have
no objections, and I would have `gone away' a long time ago.
hypocrisies and the religion of pseudospoofing
One of the things I don't understand about this pseudospoofing religion
thing -- if it is the cypherpunk religion, as hundreds of email
messages have convinced me it is, why are so many cypherpunks so
resistant to revealing their personal involvement? Isn't religion
supposed to uplifting, something you can be proud of, something you can
announce to the world? Why is there so much secrecy? You don't think
there's anything wrong or criminal or shameful about what you're doing, do you?
I suppose all the secrecy would be useful in promoting a *conspiracy*,
but what's the use in that? Isn't the whole idea that you are trying to
promote all these neat techniques to the whole world, so that everyone
can use them? (Oh, that's that annoying egalitarian idea-- sorry, of
course you have flamed that searingly.)  I always thought that
cypherpunks were against things like secret conspiracies and
corruption. Or maybe they only are against it when a *government* is
engaged in it. Private practice, so to speak, is entirely wholesome,
commendable, useful, and desirable? I suppose that the more that people knew about widespead
pseudospoofing, the less susceptible to it they would become, so the
usefulness of the technique would be diminished. (the `robbing the
treasury' principle I wrote about earlier --eventually it becomes
bare!). Or, some people have these nagging taboos against it. For
example, a net legend John Palmer supposedly is famous for it. Also,
some people might just leave anywhere where the pseudospoofing was
really prevalent. That would be unpleasant for anyone who wanted to
practice it routinely on unsuspecting and unwilling participants.
I suppose this secret conspiracy approach does fit in with some of the
Extropian and cryptoanarchist ideas also, about elevating the idea of
private companies, tax evasion, and black marketeering to the point of
the complete dissolution of governments, etc. I asked a top Extropian
leader about their official opinion on pseudospoofing -- neutral, pro,
con, or undecided. He was quite upset by my question and refused to
answer it, and cc:ed his response to all the other prominent leaders in
the group. (I guess this could tie in with a letter by H.Finney to me
saying that one of the Extropian leaders could help verify the
independent existence of J.Dinkelacker.)
I appreciate all the cypherpunks outlining their philosophies in so
many forums. It helps me to understand what you all are about. For
example, I just started posting to a list on Internet Mercantile
Protocols, and was quite surprised to find a group of cypherpunks
already there, strongly promoting things like completely untraceable
cash and total anonymity (and criticizing all alternatives as
Orwellian). In fact, one of them had written one of the most
*beautiful* classic cypherpunk essays in favor of the Joy of
Pseudospoofing (`tapping into new areas of the human psyche' or a
`truer, more free debate', or something like that.)
If anyone else knows of other cypherpunks posting to various Internet
development project lists, esp. those related to digital cash or
identification protocols, I would be interested in hearing from you.
Have they generally been polite? Do they look at all sides of the
issues? What do they have to say about identity protocols?
Really, though, the bottom line is that anyone doesn't like to talk
about their religion of pseudospoofing is nothing but a hypocrite. If
pseudospoofing is OK, then why hide it? If you are hiding it, does that
mean it is not OK?
the second pseudospoofing survey
As an example of this idea of disclosure, I asked two prominent
cypherpunk `leaders' (who object to the term, and will remain nameless
to protect their `privacy') to answer the following questions, which
would obviously unequivocally resolve their own involvement in the
practice of `pseudospoofing':
I asked these questions because I was disapointed by the results of my
survey I posted to talk.politics.crypto. While I received many
responses, few were from the cypherpunks who had openly advocated
pseudospoofing on this list. And the `core cypherpunk leadership' was
completely unrepresented. I was laboring under the impression that
everyone that passionately pursued pseudospoofing was also passionately
interested in explaining their brilliant techniques! But it appears
they are very reluctant to talk about their obviously highly refined
culture of science, religion, and art of pseudospoofing. I greatly
despaired that the cypherpunks were so unrepresented officially,
especially given their strong advocation of pseudospoofing. Surely,
they would want to let the world know about their religion! If they
didn't, it might look like they were not holy saints but just lowly
conspirators! Also, this could be the comprehensive official cypherpunk
statement crafted by EH and TCM (revered cypherpunk leaders) on
pseudospoofing that has so far eluded me.
A Tale of Two `Cypherpunks' (Or: The Postmaster, The Magicians, and the Critic)
So I devised this new variation of my previous survey, designed to be
completely free of `invasions of privacy', and targeted at the core
cypherpunk leadership. Sort of like a direct mailing approach. Anyway,
in response to my questions, one of the two eminent cypherpunks was
very terse, as he has a habit of being, and called my questions
`inquisitional'. I guess he was referring to the Spanish Inquisition,
where all kinds of grisly torture devices were used to extract
`confessions' from supposed criminals (often completely innocent). I'm
not clear of the connection. Perhaps someone could elaborate on this metaphor.
The second cypherpunk was more grandiose and verbose in his rhetoric.
He acknowledged that `I have resisted until now responding to your
recent rants'. For those not currently familar with the unique language
of the Pseudospoofing Religion, he was saying here that he has not
answered any of my questions directly so far because, likely, the
answers would be embarrassing, incriminating, humiliating or all of the above.
He was so compassionate as to remark on my recent apparent strain over
the topic of pseudospoofing, suggesting that I seek counseling or take
a long vacation from the Net (thanks so much for your concern). Then he
talked about how my `threats' especially the `violent ones' could not
be `idly dismissed'. This cypherpunk has an extremely active
imagination (this is evidenced in his love for great works of science
fiction, especially those that refer to the blurring of identities).
I'm not sure where he got the idea about `violence'. The only violence
that has ever been involved is entirely metaphorical, happening on the
plane of reputations and credibility. (I assure you that lately I am
bloody myself!) Maybe he took the obviously satirical line about
`continued beatings' literally. Ah, he is quite suggestible. I guess
the only thing I can remember on this subject was Dinkelacker's letter
to me, `you better start looking over your shoulder'. That was
*definitely* unpleasant! Oh, and there was what's-his-name's comment,
`I'm going to come over and kill your family with a rusty razor blade'.
This cypherpunk goes on to say that I have turned myself into the
`laughingstock of the Net [...]' from `your latest paranoid descent
into fantasy in RISKS, and your email harassment of many of us.' As for
`paranoid descent into fantasy', I think everyone understood this was a
hypothetical scenario. Maybe Mr. Cypherpunk has information that
suggests otherwise. If so, I would love to see it, as I'm sure everyone
else here would too. Actually, it's all I've been aiming for over about
a dozen posts and articles now.
I'm not sure what he is referring to as `harassment'. I think some of
the questions I have raised in my writings on pseudospoofing, and
perhaps the questions above, he considers `harassing'. I'm quite at a
loss as to why. The questions I included above are very innocuous. I
would think that someone proud of themselves and their beliefs would
humor me immediately in answering them, recognizing that I will not go
away until they do so (and answering a simple question, of course, is
just common courtesy). Certainly, I would fill out the questions
myself, and am sure many other honest cypherpunks would see no invasion
of privacy in doing so either (they are vague enough to protect
privacy, IMHO, as designed to do, but of course I'm biased!).
This cypherpunk closes by stating that `I have a strong feeling that
you're going to have a very hard time getting a job in the computer
industry after this spectacular series of rants.' Thanks, again, for
your concern! Actually, I have made some very valuable contacts from
professionals from the RISKS article, who are as concerned about these
issues as I am. My mailbox has been quite deep with requests for the
`Joy of Pseudospoofing' essay, first posted here! (Again, if anyone has
not seen it, please email me.) I'm quite glad I managed to get in this
prestigious journal, because now others can be aware of the potential
abuses of widespread, systematic, routine pseudospoofing. The
cypherpunks have been largely uninterested or critical in my writings
on the subject, so it's very refreshing to find someone else in
Cyberspace who can discuss something as important as pseudospoofing
dispassionately, knowledgeably, and honestly.
The `terse' cypherpunk had earlier notified my postmaster about my
public posting here revealing Mr. Metzger's (prominent cypherpunk and
close friend of the core leadership) mailbombing me and further
mailbomb threats. He didn't find it necessary to notify my postmaster
this time about my `inquisitional' questions. I guess he understood
when my postmaster and I both sent him mail explaining why this was an
inappropriate tactic.
The second cypherpunk had not previously mailed my postmaster, but
I guess the `terse' cypherpunk had not informed him that my postmaster
was uninterested in his personal problems. (This is surprising, given
their obviously strong affinity for each other.) But my postmaster did
send him a note later explaining why he `didn't have time for this
nonsense'. There do not appear to be any new developments along this
line. I am crossing my fingers that my postmaster will not be further
harassed by other cypherpunks. Anyway, I think he has already decided I
have just offended a particularly vocal group of raving religious
fanatics. (Some other people have gotten this impression from the RISKS
article. Maybe the clarifications on pseudospoofing by the top
leadership will help resolve all this.)
I generally regard all these lamentations and supplications to my
postmaster as extremely desperate attempts to censor me where all other
efforts at silencing me have failed. Also, I think they are definitely
invasions of my privacy. How many other people out there would like to
have your postmaster bothered just because you offended some
particularly sensitive people? Again, if you object to what I write,
just stick me in your kill file. You will certainly save us both a lot
of trouble! Mr. Hughes, our eminent and esteemed moderator, has
recommended this numerous times in other contexts. I'm absolutely
aghast and amazed at how many cypherpunks think that the most effective
way of getting me to be quiet is to send me mail. It is quite a curious
and perplexing approach. (Even more baffling was Mr. Metzger's
procedure of sending me mail, saying essentially `do not reply to this
or I will mailbomb you with 400 messages.' I respond to virtually all
personal mail, but as I noted I have made a worthy exception for His
Royal Eminence, as learned the hard way.)
(I would like to thank those who have the power to censor me and have
refrained. It shows you have a strong and admirable sense of morality.
At one point someone told me `If I did not allow you to post, that
would not be censorship'. I never understood the reasoning. But so far,
it appears that the cypherpunks are generally opposed to direct
censorship, although the indirect route is not taboo.)
The bottom line is that my efforts at enlightenment, now spanning many
weeks, have so far have gone `unrequited'. The top cypherpunks do not
wish to reveal the extent their amazing feats of pseudospoofing. We can
only continue to speculate on their sheer prowess and fantastic span!
(I'm currently investigating the opportunity to do so in reputable
publications -- email me and I will toss your offer into the current
batch under consideration).
I guess the Tantalizing Two feel that `a magician never reveals his
secrets'. And what amazing feats of deception we have witnessed! Dozens
of Rabbits emanating from a Single Hat, all while the magician says,
`nothing up my sleeves!' Are there any stagehands or informed audience
members that would like to comment on their masters' remarkable skill?
So far, it is a remarkably unified front. But I am continuing to `cram'
wedges into the cracks...
Ah, the pity of it all. The tension, anxiety, and anticipation is
driving me crazy! I wish to consummate this affair, so to speak! The
spotlight continues to burn down hotly! When will the show be over?
When can I go home? Tell my friends what happened in the end and write
my review? When will the fat lady sing?
p.s. anyone in Colorado, PRZ is giving a talk in Boulder on Sunday I
think. if you email me I might be able to scrounge up the details
somewhere in my piles of slobbering hate mail.

@_date: 1993-11-13 23:05:32
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Soothing Sayings 
Mr. Barnes, obviously deeply upset, emotionally objects to my simple
questions, but not ever directly, but implicitly buried and obscured in
the most spectacular set of ad hominem attacks I have ever been
privileged to find in my mailbox, outside of His Royal Eminence.
Mr. Barnes, I would be interested in your own responses to that set of
questions, or your reasons for why you should not have to answer them.
Do you think they represent a `witchhunt'? perhaps an `inquisition'?
Would you like me to show you my own responses, to help you figure out
how to understand them? are they too complicated for you? are they an
invasion of your privacy? would you be embarassed by the answers? would
you have to lie to evade incrimination? do you wish to deceive others
of your pseudospoofing?
Mr. Barnes, you tried to convince me of the Joy of Pseudospoofing, for
which I suggested you were trying to convert me to the  Dark Side
(actually, I am indebtedly grateful for that beautiful inspiration for
my essay). You told me that E.Hughes' lectures on the subject of
pseudospoofing were what drew you to it in the first place! But this is
buried very deep in my comprehensive archives, from many weeks ago. (I
encourage all other cypherpunks to keep very good archives, because
some day we will be able to separate all the pseudospoofed identities
from real ones, and it will be quite shocking, I assure you. Some
prominent cypherpunks are extremely terrified and staunchly opposed to
archives, for obvious reasons.)
No one is interested in preventing pseudospoofing here, quite to the
contrary they are interested in secretly pursing it at the expense of
others, including their own associates in this group,it is the NUMBER
ONE PRIORITY, and I am quite repulsed by your baldfaced lie in the face
of reality and my oceans of fanatic hate mail (which yours is only the
latest on the pile). I asked many weeks ago that E.Hughes and T.C.May
condemn pseudospoofing. They had problems doing so, for obvious
reasons! I asked that they prohibit it from this list, or ask promises
to refrain from it. Again, an outrageous demand, apparently, based on
the response. I asked that they reveal their own practice! I have been
continually whittling down my demands, and have every time been
rebuffed. Honest cypherpunks, why is that? do you care if other people
are systematically deceiving you? When will you be free of the jaws of
this delusion? I am even offering to GO AWAY COMPLETELY if some SIMPLE
QUESTIONS are ANSWERED HONESTLY.
As for disruptions in the list, it is a fantasy that *I* have caused
any over its lifetime. It is the evasions and the stonewalling that
have caused all the *recent* commotion! it is the rampant
pseudospoofing that has poisoned `real work', and you make me your
scapegoat and martyr for its evils and your own depravity and perversions.
Nothing but stark and utter lies. You blame the `movements'
shortcomings on myself, one person who has had the audacity to
challenge those who wish to promote their secret conspiracies of
pseudospoofing. PSEUDOSPOOFING IS THE ONLY ISSUE. I have done
everything productive to sap the energy of those writing code solely to
promote their pseudospoofing, engaging in false PR for the cause of
`Privacy for the Masses' or the `Cryptographic Revolution' when in fact
it is all nothing but deception and lies in favor of pseudospoofing,
and conspiring between one another--And I have been flamed into
oblivion by snakes and tentacles who urinate on Democracy and Consensus
and anything Egalitarian, so do not assault me with your hypocrisies
about `working towards a consensus' or `an honest delineation of where
we disagree as mature individuals', because there is nothing here but
PUERILE PSEUDOSPOOFING FANTASIES.
I wonder how your postmaster would feel about pseudospoofing. Or are
you your own postmaster? Or does E.Hughes help maintain your site?
Those who mail my postmaster are nothing but vile and shameful cowards
with machine gun arsenals assaulting a man who has attempted to expose
frauds, poseurs, and hypocrites with nothing but his bare hands and the
Truth. You are such a slimy hypocrite, to have never have even used the
word `pseudospoofing' once in your little rant, only to say that I am
`upsetting people so much'.
`jihad'? well, yes, I would call your pseudoreligion precisely that.
very curious how many lists they have invaded and infiltrated and
littered with their eloquent prose for Glorious Privacy, True
Anonymity, Liberating Cash, and No Oppresive Identification, yourself
included. Perhaps you would like to indicate what lists that other
cypherpunks are on, and what they have said there? (Reminds me of my
essay in RISKS -- have you seen that, by chance?) What is your own
knowledge on the the subject, hm? Can I ask without you going into
seizures or convulsions?
Anyone I respect will not ask me to compromise my ethics.
Unfortunately, you do not meet this criteria.
it is the pseudospoofing psychopunks who are the full-fledged
psychopaths. I will leave when the so-called `leadership' answers some
simple questions truthfully. Look, honest cypherpunks, OPEN YOUR EYES,
see to what extreme lengths that they have gone to, to deceive you of
their pseudospoofing, and EVADE AND STONEWALL. Reminds me of someone
talking about `betrayal, treachery, and high treason'!
You can have your secret conspiracies, xor your public credibility, for
the moment. some day, you will have neither. I suppose you could censor
me, too. Maybe E.Hughes could conduct a little poll, and state that the
majority decided to censor me. Oh, wait, you guys don't believe in
polls and voting and the majority. The Majority is Always Wrong. Well,
let's see, I guess Mr. Hughes could decide to unilaterally censor me.
But that wouldn't seem to be compatible with the cypherpunk charter. I
was looking at it recently!
(soda.berkeley.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/brainwashing). it said that
`cypherpunks do not seek to prevent others from speaking' or something like that. Maybe E.Hughes will change the charter and throw me out. You guys in
California could do that at your next monthly `conspiracy'. BTW, when
is it?  What do you do at those great meetings, anyway, Mr. Barnes? I
asked that someone provide minutes, so that everyone on the list may
share in the lovely `movement', but there was a lot of hostility to
that idea. Why could that be? Mr. Barnes, please let me know how the CA group decides to persecute me
further, beyond all the depravities I have been subject to so far.   I
do appreciate your indicating that you are going to attempt to
blackmail me through close associates, it's a fair warning. Clearly,
`they' are desperate. The facade is crumbling.
Imagine, all this fantastic hostility directed solely at me, for asking
some wholly innocuous questions. Cypherpunks, why is everyone so upset?
It makes me wonder if there is a core group hiding something or
covering something up. a `conspiracy'? (hee, hee, love that word).
Maybe I would have to move to CA to find out, eh?
Once again, I volunteer to leave if they are answered truthfully and
publicly revealed!

@_date: 1993-11-14 15:50:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The Contortions of Cypherpunks 
N.Szabo  in RISKS
Give specific evidence to support your claim or retract it. Who do you
know from personal contact? What do you mean that you are `distinct
from other names'?
You appear to be referring to my private mail among many different
people. Please elaborate on your claim, or retract it.

@_date: 1993-11-14 17:13:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: K. Mitnick 
Thanks for all the info on K.Mitnick, the `dark side hacker'. Some have
mailed me saying he changed his name and is living, got a job in
security consulting or something like that (!), and is living in `2.5 kids land'
Another few questions. I heard that the judge barred him from using a
modem for life, or something like that. What was the sentence? How is
it being enforced?
Also, I assume that Mr. Mitnick changed his name legally (hee, hee).
Anyway, I would like to email him, if anyone knows his address.

@_date: 1993-11-14 19:20:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
I wonder if anyone would want to start a PGP key server dedicated only
to *real* identities. Obviously, there is no such demand with the current ones.
And please don't start with the `that would be impossible' arguments. A
key server that had the official policy `if you register here, on your
honor your legal name is what you give, under penalty of public
exposure if you are caught' would be enough for me.

@_date: 1993-11-14 19:33:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudospoofing, copyrights, and ECPA 
Some losers are still assaulting me with claims that I failed to
respect His Royal Eminence's privacy by revealing his mailbomb to the
list, saying I was not polite or courteous. Please, hypocrites, go
away. Where does this bizarre philosophy originate? Where do you guys
get your `ethics', anyway? At least have the decency to codify them,
sign your names to them, and stick them on an FTP site if you are going
to spout this bizarre depravity.
Next: Mr. Zions, while one of the `protect the mailbombers privacy'
advocates, brought up some interesting points.
Does the ECPA (the law regulating communications privacy) or the
copyright laws apply to material that was written under a
*pseudonymous* identity? I would consider this a grey area. A court
test would be extremely fascinating. What if work was redistributed if
printed under imaginary identities? the whole aspect of both of the
laws involves *ownership* and *identity*.
If ECPA or copyright laws are interpreted to protect pseudonymous
identities, I propose they be amended and revised to afford no
protection. (Legitimate variations like pseudonymity and anonymity
should be protected in any case.)
One man's opinion. Feel free to stone me some more. Have you figured
out who my personal friends are yet? Have you found any nifty blackmail
on me? I can't wait for the next sordid perversion.

@_date: 1993-11-14 19:43:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudopools 
One application of pseudospoofing, a particularly insideous and
treacherous form, would be to create a `pool' of different accounts.
Everyone in the group can negotiate with each other `behind the scenes'
when to post from different accounts. This would be even more difficult
to detect than regular pseudospoofing (and, IMHO, even that much more
of a perversion) because all traces of consistency of identity are
subverted and lost.

@_date: 1993-11-14 20:33:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
nobody is interested in preventing pseudospoofing here. the
people who have most maneuvered themselves into a position to aid
future cyberspace are instead constraining it. that's the point, isn't
it? gosh, how could I have been so blind...
as YOU conceive them.
false. There could be a network of `true identity' key servers just as
easily as there is a network of PSEUDOSPOOFED LIES.
the real question, cypherpunks, is what you would do to THWART,
SABOTAGE, and DESTROY any such system or attempt ... (that is, beyond
your current impressive resume)
so, Mr. Keyserver, considering that this (your?) software could be used
TODAY to help build up a true identity system, why do you oppose using
it in that fashion? I mean, besides that you are a Cypherpunk.

@_date: 1993-11-14 21:40:18
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
DAMNIT! will you CYPHERPUNKS stop CONFLATING 1) pseudonymity
2) anonymity
3) pseudoanonymity
you jerks CONTINUE to claim that (1) (2) and (3) are EQUIVALENT
Oh. I see. And you would regulate its use on the Internet. Gosh, that
sounds kind of like one of those fascist oppressive restrictions by an
outside authority. Something to bludgeon.
Call it a Keyserver, or a Digital Signature Server or a Toxic Waste
Dump, frankly, I don't care what you call it.
you `cypherpunks' have no idea what a true society constitutes. trust
is inherent to one. you guys all subscribe to the idea, `nothing is bad
if you can get away with it.' `if you can get away with it, you should try it.'
we'll see who has the last laugh.
HA, HA.

@_date: 1993-11-14 21:50:51
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
Mr. Barnes somehow found it possible to write me without assaulting me
with vicious ad hominem attacks, vilifications, obfuscations,
misrepresentations, all approaching blatant lies, completely tangential
points to my posts, and cc:ing my postmaster this time. My postmaster
and I thank you. It is free, too, of a subtle hint of censoring or
blackmailing me by going to `various former classmates and old friends
of mine who are computation center employees, faculty, and
administration members at CSU now.' No tarring me as a `overeager
wannabe' (well, I don't wannabe a pseudospoofer) and a `full fledged
psychopath' on `medication'...
`movement'? I thought there was no cypherpunk movement. There is only software.
[identity database]
I dunno. This is a big step. The choice at this point could really
affect future cyberspace, eh? Frankly, I think serious professional
uses of the internet are fundamentally incompatible with
pseudospoofing, and will make design decisions based on that
incontrovertable premise. Like quarantining databases from existing
toxic waste dumps.
you have just classified 99.9 % of the population as `ultra paranoid'.
But that .1% of the degenerates have never understood the idea of civility anyway.
hee, hee. or believe in elaborate, complex fantasies straight from SF...
As an example, look at Ender's Game, where Ender's brother and sister
get on the net under pseudonyms, and get treated just like everyone
else.  There is no biases.  People are judged on their actions and
words, not by who they are, how old they are, what they look like, or
anything like that.  Maybe you are blind, I don't know.  I've never
met you.
who wrote that? I forget I wonder if Mr. Graff would like to weigh in in this little discussion.

@_date: 1993-11-14 22:05:18
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: D. Barnes 
please, characterize this `work' and your own involvement in it.

@_date: 1993-11-14 22:13:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: *hot* pseudospoofing ideas! 
here's an interesting idea. Suppose that whenever cypherpunks in favor
of pseudospoofing emailed me, I put all their posts into a big pot.
Since they all advocate the same ideas, I would just file all the
different paragraphs in favor of pseudanonymity, against democracy, in
favor of anarchy, in favor of tax evasion etc. in different folders.
Then, whenever one of the cypherpunks sends me mail, I just pick a
paragraph at random from the folders that match his idea. I could do this with public postings too. I have been filling out very
many form letters lately anyway on the same old tired, depraved ideas.
And I might even have a lot of fun with misattributing people's
writing. That would be quite clever! I'm sure the cypherpunks would get
a great kick out of that. The blurring of identities is perfect. No one
would know who said what! Why, I might even put together software that
promotes all this, and turn it loose on the Cypherpunks list (but of
course, not tell anyone--that would take all the fun of it, and
besides, if they knew they might leave).
There's nothing unethical about it, because I *can* do it. It would be
like those scenarios right out of that great science fiction, like
Enders Game. I could pretend that different cypherpunks existed. No one
would care. The effect would be the same. They are all interchangeable
anyway. there is only a message.

@_date: 1993-11-14 22:35:18
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A Glimmer of Light 
Some miscellaneous psychopunk (I forget who, they are all interchangeable) said
wow! a break in the clouds! a breath of fresh air! who is `we'? please
elaborate! This miscellaneous psychopunk is posting from MIT. Do you
think his burdensome flesh-cucoon is in Boston? or California?
AT LAST! HONESTY! (even if it is criminal or perverted)
Psychopunks, I'm most impressed with this new atmosphere of open
advocation of pseudoanonymity instead of all the black disinformation
snippets about `true anonymity' and all the other nonsense about it not
being widespread, no cypherpunks being personally involved, etc. for
the dreary 10 months or so I've been here. What trouble and heartache
for all of us you have caused me in pretending it isn't! Finally, they
Come Out of the Closet. Imagine -- having to hide in your own
neighborhood for so long. Really, it's all right. There, there.
When will the articles on Pseudospoofing come out in Wired and NYT? Oh,
let's see, there's Newsweek and all those other places too. Please,
tell me, I'm really in a tizzy. I'll have to call Mr. Kelly and Mr.
Markoff and tell them of your new openness. I'm sure they will be quite interested!
So, I would like to collect a list of all the Psychopunks who are
PSEUDOSPOOFERS and PROUD OF IT. Please, describe your lovely
techniques, all the pain and victimization you have gone through from
your tormenters (like me), and how you are going to Change the World so
that Pseudospoofers can Live without Harassment. `Live and Let Live'.
Sort of like Gay Pride. When are you going to stick it in your charter,
anyway? How pseudospoofing == privacy == anonymity == pseudoanonymity
== pseudonymity == holy liberation == bliss? What a delicious mystery.
Life a SF book by Card. What a Card.
Also, I'm still waiting for some kind of comment from those *fabulous*
leaders of yours. They're so coy with me. They've been flirting with me
since I've been on the list. It's really sexy and erotic, actually, the
way they strut around. You can look, but you can't touch! They're real
masters at the dance. Ooooooh... just FABULOUTHS.

@_date: 1993-11-14 22:45:18
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: some pseudopool FUN 
E.Hughes, on Pseudospoofing software
Nick Szabo:
Arthur Chandler:
Jamie Dinkelacker:
Perry Metzger:
Hal Finney:

@_date: 1993-11-14 23:20:29
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Pseudospoofer Game 
Hey guys, you are so clever with the cyberspatial software tricks.
Here's something I think you should come up with. THE PSEUDOSPOOFING GAME
I haven't got all the details of this worked out yet, but bear with me.
The scenario is that this would be a game you play on a machine that is
a lot like a mail server, except that it is dedicated to the game and
everyone knows it (I know you guys won't like that idea, but bear with
me.) The object of the game is to uncover each other's true identities.
When you start the game, there are a certain number of other real
people out there. They all get a fixed number of `pseudoanonyms' (of
course, names that look real but aren't).
There would be both public and private postings. You have to try to
determine who everyone is by analyzing their style and subjects (and of
course, evade detection with ingenious cypherpunk techniques). You
could use any of your tentacles in any way, public or private, just
like on this list (which is a great inspiration for the game, BTW).
Every once in awhile, you might make accusations on true reputations,
after you have built up enough certainty. The points of the game would
depend on how correct you are. You might `bet' different points on
various identities. You might be able to bargain with others to collude
with you by trading points or something. Maybe there is some kind of
mechanisms whereby tentacles are weakened after a lot of accusations or
something. Obviously, the possibilities are really endless. All the
agent provacateur, double agent, etc. gimmicks you inflicted on me
(your white lab rat) could be used there.
Maybe `credit' could be synonymous with `reputation' -- when you flame
someone successfully others can transfer points between the two, rate
your reputations explicitly. You could always rate other people at any
time. There might be `public ratings' that are the averages of all the
private ratings that everyone knows about. These ratings might tend to
fluctuate based on behavior. For example, when somebody lies their
rating would go down if other's suspected it. If someone was a
hypocrite, it would come back to haunt them in the `bottom line'.
The more confused and insane you drive someone with disinformation and
lies (dishonesty is the name of the game, after all!) the better. Who
knows, you might be able to *really* upset someone over nothing but
meaningless ASCII text! Nothing but messages. That would be their own
fault for taking it seriously. These `pseudospoofed virgins' should be
raped for great sport and satisfaction. You could get together
afterwards and drink a few beers and brag about your scores and
conquests, and how they wailed or cried at the end. I suppose you could
even figure out how to have imaginary postmasters that can censor
various real identities if their reputations drop too low, or some
other capricious criteria. Maybe you could even design in mail bombs.
I'm sure you guys could bang this whole thing together pretty fast,
with all your skill, ambition, and practice. But you might have
difficulty attracting players if you want to keep it secret and all to
yourselves. Another thing, is that everyone would learn about
pseudospoofing. That is what you want, right? Since it's their
stupidity if they fall for this kind of puerile fantasy, it's an ideal
situation if *everyone* knows about it. The Cypherpunk Way.

@_date: 1993-11-16 20:46:00
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
Seems to me, MR EICHIN, that many people might be FLABBERGASTED to find
out that people are using PGP key servers for PSEUDOSPOOFING.
why is it that the policy that ANYTHING GOES is NOT MADE CLEAR in
KEYSERVER POLICY DOCUMENTS?
 I never noticed that name before... Perhaps this is what you
think qualifies as your disclaimer...

@_date: 1993-11-16 20:55:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Quarantining Toxic Waste 
I'm writing this in hopes there are still some sane people left here.
It's quite shocking to hear such blase arguments about identity from
the people who have erected the current key server system. At the very
minimum, these people should make their policies about pseudospoofing
clear in policy documents -- anyone listed here could be imaginary,
there are no guarantees.
I'm going to make some arguments why a key server system with true
identities should be completely quarantined from one that allows Medusa's Snakes:
1) First, honesty and dishonesty are fundamentally incompatible. Our
technology should reflect that.
2) No one that ever subscribed to a database that had tentacles would
be interested in one that guaranteed none were there, and vice versa.
3) if the databases overlapped, it would be easier for criminals to
infect a `true name' system. ah, how the psychopunks understand this.
4) sequestered servers (the `reputable' ones) could eventually hook up
with all those neat government databases on identities. A Cypherpunks
Worst Nightmare. Hee, hee.
5) I remember a P.Metzger argument with M.Graff on some mailing list
about using DNS as a kind of key distribution system. The argument
boiled down to the point: can *anyone* insert entries? Coincidentally,
this is the critical question in a True Name vs. Toxic Waste Dump databases.
6) The software already exists to have a separate network of True Names.
7) People interested in True Names might want to sort their mail and
news interactively, dynamically. I imagine that when I connect to an
NNTP server, I also set up a socket session with a True Name database
that replies to my queries in real time. People interested in toxic
waste would not be interested in any such system.
There are many other arguments. I'm sure all the Psychopunks will come
up with their clever arguments to sabotage any True Name debate or
database system. I stopped believing in Cypherpunk Honesty about the
same time I stopped believing J. Dinkelacker.

@_date: 1993-11-16 21:04:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: why Identity is Sacred 
Mr. Szabo objects to my pseudopool fun. I don't understand. How is
misattribution of quotations different than than things like
pseudospoofing and pseudopools that top cypherpunks promote?
I did call Medusa. Her line was been busy. All I have been able to talk
to are tentacles. And they all say, `Believe, me, I am a person!'
yes, Medusa is quite confused lately. Halleluja for RISKS.
Your days are numbered, Medusa, and you are pretty clueless for not
realizing it. The King is Dead.
Attention everyone, this is precisely what Medusa is doing with me
right now. Be careful.
Medusa has finally gone totally insane.
Hey Medusa -- do you allow pseudospoofing on your secret mailing list?
or do you ban it? are you a hypocrite? are you a liar?

@_date: 1993-11-16 21:14:14
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
perobich at ingr.com
Wonderer is a D.Denning admirer. Was it Wonderer who Wondered about
what would happen if someone found a way to thwart PGP and read
everyone's mail on the sly? Reminds me of Medusa never telling anyone of her Snakes.
hee, hee, the fireworks continue.

@_date: 1993-11-17 20:31:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The `Reputation' of Cypherpunks 
I've been thinking about this concept of `reputation'. It seems that
the Cypherpunks seem to treat it differently than many other people.
Many cypherpunks have the argument, `I assign no reputation to messages
whose owner I have never met, or have no trust for.' But it is
impossible not to be influenced by any message. When you read a
message, it is influencing you. The only message that has `no
reputation' is no message at all.
Also, this preoccupation seems to violate one of the Cypherpunk dogmas,
`there is only a message'. Isn't that kind of a bizarre statement? What
if Ted Bundy, Hitler, and a Psychopunk posted 99 messages to the
Cypherpunks list, and Jesus Christ posted one. Furthermore, suppose no
one knew who posted what, in a pseudospoofing scenario. Who would want
to subscribe to this? Apparently, it would be Utopia for some Cypherpunks.
Another thing about Cypherpunks is that they think that reputation is
something you can `cash in' when you need to. For example, in that
rather amazing message by Mr. Szabo recently, he seemed to be
completely cashing in all his reputation chips just for a cheap thrill.
Doesn't that damage everything he has *ever* said, if he suddenly says,
`I admit it! I'm a tentacle! I lied in RISKS!'. I don't understand this
idea of building up trust just to betray someone. Maybe some
cypherpunks can explain this in detail to me.
I remember flaming D.Denning rather searingly over the issue of truth
(over her involvement with Clipper) a long time ago, and maybe someone
else along my long visit to this little dark corner of cyberspace. Mr.
T.C.May was upset by my messages. He said that it was generally not a
good idea to `demonize' one's opponents, because it `rarely served a
useful purpose.' I have been thinking about these words a lot lately. I
wonder -- is it okay to `demonize' someone with Tentacles? Maybe that
is the preferred method. I guess that would explain a lot!
One final question I have. If I get an anonymous phone call to my
answering machine, how does that relate to reputation? should I give
this phone call ``Lance, stop posting to cypherpunks'' (as I did today
at about 730 or so) any merit? Should I give it more or less than
anonymous mail? threats from tentacles in my mailbox? to my postmaster?
I'm quite confused. Also, suppose this person had reached me
personally, e.g. I picked up the phone. Should I have given that
conversation more merit, because some two-way dialog took place? What
if the caller still remained anonymous? What if he called me `Linda' instead?
The call reminded me of an interesting comment by J. Dinkelacker --
`he's a borg'. I was watching Robocop at the time I got the call, and
it was kind of funny in that context.
If Medusa would like to explain to me precisely why she prefers that I
not post to Cypherpunks, and how this does not detract from the forum
but enhances it, can someone have her call or email me? All I have been
getting are tentacle-grams for many weeks now. It's quite frustrating.

@_date: 1993-11-17 21:11:22
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Lies of Cypherpunks 
Could an eminent psychopunk explain to the several dozen sane people
left on the list:
Suppose that a real person signed someone else's imaginary identity for
a key in a key server, or for their own. Can someone explain to me why
this is not dishonest?
I guess the argument will be, the signor is only guaranteeing that some
key is associated with some email address. But that seems to me to
abuse the whole idea of trust in people. Has anyone asked PRZ what he
thinks of the practice of real people signing imaginary identities? or
key servers corrupted with phantom identities?

@_date: 1993-11-18 01:21:22
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Characterizing Cypherpunk Culture 
- E.Hughes: public vs. private
- Cypherpunk culture research materials
- CryptoAnarchist Manifesto and Cypherpunk Charter
- True Name detection
- an introspective note
E.Hughes, Mysterious Cypherpunk Leader
In my extensive research into Cypherpunk pseudospoofing culture, I've
come up with a lot of apparent contradictions in what is known about
the mysterious figure, E.Hughes in particular. It would be an
understatement to say that he values his privacy! Anyway, his mail to
me under his True Name is always very terse, and I'm not allowed to
publicly quote any of his tentacles without violating the
Pseudospoofing Religion (I wouldn't want to offend anyone or break any
taboos). So, in my interest in profiling the culture and its leaders,
I'm hoping that some CA cypherpunks interested in promoting their
ideology and their leader can help fill in the blanks.
One thing I have stumbled on is the cryptic references to tax evasion
and black marketeering. It appears that he may be alluding to these in
his public speeches. This based on mail by A.Chandler (another person
who is hard to track down). Can anyone elaborate on these? This would
certainly not be an invasion of his privacy. No transcripts are
available, unfortunately. Also, it never seems that these speeches are
announced ahead of time. Does anyone issue these announcements
officially? For example, E.Hughes popped up at the Austin EFF meeting
awhile ago and there didn't seem to be any advance warning to the list
at large so that people might attend. I'm sure he wants to maximize his
exposure and the Cypherpunk `movement'.
Also, a prominent cypherpunk told me that E.Hughes had proseletyzed the
religion of pseudospoofing to him, so to speak, and that the latter was
his great inspiration in setting up a site to permit it. Mr. Hughes
never has publicly stated anything on pseudospoofing, except that `that
which cannot be enforced should not be prohibited' and `the claim that
a person should be limited in pseudonyms represents a profound
misunderstanding.' Is he promoting it behind the scenes?
Another thing about Mr. Hughes I don't understand, and has always
baffled me -- a long time ago he posted a statement about some kind of
Unix email message log files, a standard and well-known UNIX file, and
Mr. Finney or someone corrected him and said, `You have rather
demonstrated your lack of Unix knowledge'. Well, I was greatly confused
by that then, and even more so today. Mr.Hughes, from my personal mail,
strikes me as someone who is a mastermind of Unix software, nooks and
crannies, and security weaknesses. Maybe even SMTP and DNS (Mr. Metzger
is an authority on the latter). Sort of the `hacker ethic'. I wonder if
that little statement was actually a disinformation stab, to prevent
others from suspecting his amazing prowess! And if H.Finney was
E.Hughes' tentacle, that would explain some things too! I also wonder
if T.C.May's professed aversion to Perl code is in the same category.
(This is really a shrewd way to throw off people who are into those
annoying `investigations'.) I would like to look at any software Mr.
May has written. Also, he seems to have a great fluency for the Mac,
which would make for some other great portrayals.
Another mysterious reference is that of collaboration between A.Abraham
and E.Hughes. I believe T.C.May remarked that they are working on
digital cash protocols. I got the impression that they may be running
the site ah.com (`Abraham-Hughes'). Do they grant accounts to anyone
who requests? Like A.Chandler? A.Chandler said that he posts to the
future-culture list, and told me he has written some books, but I can't
find them, and he is evasive in email. Is A.Abraham posting to the list
under different pseudonyms? could someone tell me what they are? (I got
a bizarre mail error sending him something once, maybe an SMTP expert
or someone from crl.com can help me. Who maintains that site, anyway?)
A. Abraham also popped up in RISKS lately, saying that he had watched
my `deterioration'. Thanks for your concern, but I am quite all right,
and alive and well! (A., I'm not sure where you got the idea I was
`deteriorating' -- I haven't sent you any mail over many weeks, unless
you have been tickling me with some tentacles out there, hee hee. Or
maybe you are just privy to my private mail to the `inner circle'.)
I'm sure that many will criticize my inquiries above as `invasions of
privacy'. That, after all, is what the cypherpunks stand for! Let me
assure you that is not my intent whatsoever. I simply wish to
understand the Cypherpunk culture in all its grandeur, and promote it
accurately to  the concerned public, who may perceive it as quite
subversive! (Markoff called you `the most self consciously ornery
group', but I realize that's quite an understatement!) But let me say
that I think true leaders with integrity have always had to sacrifice
teir privacy. It is a basic requirement of fame and influence -- in
holding one's achievements up for public scrutiny, the public affords
you greater reputation. Shirking from the public, particuarly in
response to their simple entreaties, is counterproductive and extremely
damaging. After all, if you have nothing to hide, you can be proud of
your public reputation, and look at it as a hard won accomplishment for
your diligent and honest efforts. This is how you establish that all
important element of *trust* among the public, who will perceive you
less as a subversive threat than a privacy advocacy group! (A less
subversive title, like the self-proclaimed `radical libertarian' P.
Metzger advocates in RISKS, `the government keeping its fingers out of
our affairs.')
Research Materials
CA meeting minutes are nonexistent as well. People seem very hostile to
documenting them. It's quite annoying, discouraging, frustrating, and
unfortunate. I'm interested in tracking the progress of the digital
cash and identity obstruction infrastructures under development.
I don't understand why CA Cypherpunks are so secretive about their
projects. I thought they were interested in collaborations, based on
the public mailing list. There's a distinct feeling that the CA people
are `insiders' and everyone else is just the audience. I guess this
could be one reason that people shriek so much over pseudospoofing
accusations here -- they see the distinct boundary between `them' and
`us', but promote the deception for `them'.
This is partly my concern in the `secret mailing list'. If there is
one, I think the CA 'punks should be honest about it and not deceive
anyone else. In fact, I think that maybe the CA 'punks should just have
their own mailing list unless they want to publicize and collaborate
with anyone in Cyberspace, not just whoever can make it to their CA
meetings. What is the criteria for people to get on the secret mailing
list, `project development free of paranoid ranters', anyway? Do you
have to be in CA? Is pseudospoofing outlawed on that list? I always
thought that *this* list was for project development, but of course now
realize it's just the public cypherpunk international PR outlet.
One thing I wonder about the intensely secretive Cypherpunks. Don't you
think that the Internet was pretty much built up with entirely public,
open debate and interaction? With things like cooperation and
collaboration between people, instead of hostile flames between
different cliques? Do you think you have the right attitude, conducive
to harmony in future Cyberspace? It seems to me all these secret
conspiracies and quasi-criminal philosophies are somewhat fundamentally
against the grain of a hospitible Cyberspace. Well,  as I always say,
`to each his own!' or `live and let live!' as long as no criminals are involved!
Also, I thought I heard something about cypherpunk archives somewhere,
by Al Whaley, maybe at cpsr.org. Does anyone know anything about that?
It seems to me an archive would be a great project. Who has archives,
and to how far back to they go? G.Broiles was telling me he had a
pretty good collection. (I consider him one of the most imaginative
authorities on cypherpunk culture I've had the privilege of talking to!).
The Cryptoanarchist Manifesto & CypherPunk Charter
The Cryptoanarchist Manifesto by T.C.May and the Cypherpunk Charter are
very interesting, but they seem to be speaking metaphorically --
`thinly veiled', as I believe P. Metzger wrote in RISKS. They never
refer directly to things like tax evasion, although the former does
hint at what might be referred to as `cyberspatial guerrilla warfare'

@_date: 1993-11-19 17:34:44
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: PRZ on Pseudospoofing 
Mr. Zimmermann gave a fantastic talk yesterday to a packed house at a
Boulder (CO) Unix meeting. I really am extremely depressed that none of
the CA cypherpunks showed up (NOT! ). He talked about the complex
issues associated with his program. He's opposed to the Internet PEM
standard because it is a weaker standard than PGP in the sense that it
has a standard initialization vector, exposes recipients & senders of
messages in plaintext (if I'm not mistaken, sorry, I'm not an expert
but do play one on the cypherpunks list). Interestingly, he said that he thought that RSA was somewhat afraid of
him because (according to an insider) they didn't want to confront his
`folk hero' status. Mr. Zimmermann also had many comments on America as
a police state.
Unfortunately, I missed most of the talk because I am rather feckless
in real-world navigation vs. cyberspace and had a difficult time
zeroing in on the meeting geography coordinates (hee, hee). I would
have taken copious notes that would have shamed the best CA cypherpunk
and reported them wholesale if I had got there in time. I would be
interested in hearing anyone else's impressions of the meeting.
Mr. Zimmermann appeared to be somewhat sympathetic to my concerns about
pseudospoofing, particularly on the part of cypherpunks. He entertained
my suggestion of `signature revocation certificates' that would spread
virus-like to revoke trust through the `web of trust' when someone
realized they had been spoofed (betrayed). He seems to think that as
long as everybody follows the guidelines in the PGP documentation, the
`web of trust' would not really ever be corrupted. But he seemed to
come around in thinking that a `signature revocation certificate' might
lead to a more dynamic and responsive (and hence pure) web of trust.
An audience member asked Mr. Zimmermann if his arrangement with
ViaCrypt and licensing of RSA patents was `making stronger' RSA Inc.
and (implicitly) their stranglehold lock on public key patents. He
replied that the agreement actually made PGP stronger.
BTW don't `harass' Mr. Zimmermann over any features, at least don't
expect to see major revisions soon, they are all on the top of the
queue while he is in the `promotion of Viacrypt' stage vs. the `major
development and feature push' stage.
[Some] cypherpunks have made it clear to me they condone, and perhaps widely
practice, the following scenarios related to PGP:
1) real people signing imaginary identity's keys. I.e., I could make up
different identities (pseudospoofing) and sign their identities, and
have others sign these identities.
2) putting imaginary identities on the key servers. do you have some kind of opinion on these practices? they seem rather
dishonest to me, to say the least. But what do I know?
It's not something I would do myself.  It strikes me as having potential to lead to bad situations, as you have described in
earlier notes.  I prefer to deal with people only as my real self.
It strikes me as unethical if used in fraudulent ways.
That's my opinion.

@_date: 1993-11-19 18:07:00
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: War of the Worlds 
Apparently, many Cypherpunks hold the Wells' program `War of the
Worlds' up as a masterpiece of public deception. `The problem was that
people trusted their radios.' Actually, I think the problem was that
their radios betrayed them. The radio had been built up as a medium of
trust -- with news reports by anchormen that were among some of the
most admired and respected public people. They were betrayed by Wells.
Wells had the sense to apologize, and many new safeguards and taboos
evolved from the fiasco.
War of the Worlds, on the radio, is similar to Medusa building up trust
with tentacles in cyberspace, and then betraying trust by unplugging
them when the going gets tough. Except, however, that Wells and other
officials apologized for their lapse in judgement. With Medusa, there
is no concept of `plugging away' to resolve an unpleasant situation.
Medusa just severs a snake and runs away like a coward or a criminal.
There is nothing but disreputable shame in this.
When CBS (?) broadcast `the day after', a simulation of a nuclear
holocaust, there was a great hullaballoo about all the care they had
taken to ensure that no one took the dramatization seriously. Also, NBC
ran into intensely unpleasant repercussions for their `fake exploding
pickup' piece (didn't someone resign over this)?
The point is that the media takes Truth very seriously. They go to the
greatest lengths to achieve it.
Psychopunks love to cynically talk about how the entire media is just
another disinformation outlet. *You're* just another grotesque
disinformation outlet, deceiving honest reporters and infecting
respectable outlets like Wired and NYT with your soothing lies about
`privacy' and `Big Brother' when really talking about `rights and
protections for criminals'.
The King is Dead. Long Live the King.

@_date: 1993-11-19 18:22:00
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
that's precisely correct. but we can build mechanisms that encourage
human trust, rather than encourage a criminal `free for all'. I seek to
find such mechanisms. Psychopunks seek to subvert, sabotage, and destroy them.
For example, I proposed an arrangement on this list whereby subscribers
promise not to pseudospoof. Obviously, no one here gives a damn. I proposed that key servers be implemented that signify the authors
commitment to a code of honest cyberspatial interactions by their key
submissions. Obviously, no one here gives a damn.
I described a *real* and *active* conspiracy in RISKS. Obviously, only
the conspiracists here give a damn.
Hey, braindead cypherpunks -- do you want to know why there has always
been so much NOISE in this list's SIGNAL? do you want to know why
people are so GROUCHY and TYRANNICAL and incapable of any substantial
AGREEMENT or PROGRESS? because it is a HOTBED OF PSEUDOSPOOFING and all
this hideous cacophony is your KARMA FOR ENGAGING IN OR PASSIVELY SUBMITTING TO IT.
You're talking about Extropians? what list? name it, weasel. I still
consider this pseudospoofing -- twisting identity in maliciously
deceptive ways. Using identity to betray people.
If there is any general identity conspiracy, I'll give you 100-1 odds
the psychopunk bastards are behind it. I wouldn't be surprised if it
was a psychopunk bastard behind the Gibson forgery/impersonation on
that other mailing list. You guys have WET DREAMS over ALL OF THIS. perverts.
Just another repulsive variation on psychopunk depravity and
perversions. Honest people would be repulsed by it.

@_date: 1993-11-19 22:32:01
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key vs. Signature revocation & Trust Webs 
*key* revocation certificates are in PGP. This an author issues if his
key has been compromised. *signature* revocation certificates are not.
this a signor issues (in theory) if he thinks he has been betrayed
(spoofed or pseudospoofed).
also, notice how keys spread between servers `like a virus'. the
revocation certificates should do so as well. I don't know if key
revocation certificates do so in today's servers. I don't really trust
these servers!
Also, I do not buy arguments that `I cannot ever be fooled, the web of
trust is infallible, key signature revocation is superfluous'. Anywhere
there is trust, there can be betrayal. Believe me, PRZ tried quite a
few of these `I am infallible, I can never be fooled' arguments on me
yesterday! But, PRZ is God. He knows a good idea when he sees one and
will not be influenced by some pseudospoofing campaign by Medusa's
snakes or dangles (double agents) in his `inner circle'.
* * *
I am proposing a completely dynamic, two-way, interactive trust system.
Not something like you inscribe in a book, but something like the Internet.
I was talking to another person at this meeting. I described how today
there is only a one-way, tenuous trust system associated with e.g.
commercial transactions and credit reports. For example: if a company
rips me off, I stop doing business with them, my trust level for them
plunges. But wouldn't other's wish to know of my problem? (Just as if
*I* find that someone is pseudospoofing, shouldn't others be informed?
). Sure, I can send everyone email saying I was ripped off, but this
all happens informally. What about a *formal* system?
Suppose that I put a black mark on the company in the `web of trust' in
a public database -- others may revise their own trust with that
company when they hear they Ripped Off L. Detweiler. Most of the
cypherpunks would probably revise their trust upwards . This
database would be like a yellow pages; anyone can read it when the go
to do business with different companies. This obviously would be a
powerful incentive to a company to mind their p's and q's, eh?
Individuals should be careful though about making specific claims like
`I was unsatisfied with service on date [x]' and not things like
`company [x] rips people off routinely -- I should know'.
Also, consider that a company puts a black mark on your credit record,
erroneously. You contest it, and win. No consequence happens to the
company. What if there was a negative reaction in their `trust level'?
What if there was a public notice entered, `L. Detweiler was molested
by company [x]'? All the trust levels associated with that company's
entries decrease.
Dynamic, two-way systems such as these are what will give consumers
torque over Big Companies. Just as Big Companies make databases about
you to influence their interactions, you can make databases about Big
Companies to influence your own. These are inevitable developments.
Psychopunks would rather fool Big Oppressive Companies into dealing
with fake identities. But this is not acceptable. The company has a
right to know who you are, as much as you have a right to know who they
are. Psychopunk hypocrites, would you do business with an `anonymous
bank'? hee, hee.
Want to get really scared? Public web-of-trust databases will be
developed for *individuals*--e.g., if you post *anywhere* public,
others have a right to tabulate your actions into a central database,
and even comment on them. (hee, hee, next few messages J. Dinkelacker
will pop up and say `this has a very NSA feel to it.'). Others may even
comment on your *private* actions in these databases if they are
particularly offensive or socially dangerous, e.g. `stay away from His
Royal Eminence, while he has made some contributions he is a raving
lunatic, has mailbombed me, harassed my postmaster, and is really
promoting the tax evasion and the collapse of governments and anarchy
under the guise of Liberating Privacy.'
Thanks for letting me talk about this, it all gives me some really
interesting ideas about how to achieve this database. One might set up
a `trust link' in a database whereby each party agrees to a
transaction, and that either can later post a message to that public
`link' regarding the status of that transaction. E.g., individual [x]
can say `I got great service' on the `trust link' or the company can
say `customer [x] failed to pay us'. Links could be cross referenced to
find deadbeats and all that. People would decide who to do business
with based on their trust link policies. But see how this system
benefits *everyone*? You have power over the company, and the company
has power over you. You trust the company, and vice versa. You can zap
their reputation if they betray you, and vice versa.
Another interesting idea is that of `dueling reputations'-- If I have a
high reputation in some area, and I attack someone else in that area,
their trust levels in that area should plummet more than if I had no
reputation in the area. Today, one has to do all this informally, like
posting to newsgroups trying to influence other people that one has been betrayed.
Cypherpunks, this `web of trust' thing is just in its infancy. In a few
years, we will have a Psychopunk's Worst Nightmare. Or an Honest
Person's Civilization.

@_date: 1993-11-19 22:34:46
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
Mr. Newsham, please tell me how you know this list is not a HOTBED OF
PSEUDOSPOOFING. What, because no *honest* people would do such a thing?
because it would take too much time, patience, and money to insideously
manipuate other's trust? what policy can you point to on the list that
discourages pseudospoofing?
`wherever there is trust, there is betrayal.'

@_date: 1993-11-19 22:57:01
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: J. Gilmore on Pseudospoofing 
I appreciate Mr. Gilmore informing me of his opinion on pseudospoofing.
He does not specifically address the issue of whether he is personally
aware of any on the cypherpunks list, unfortunately.
Many people still don't get the pseudonymity vs. pseudanonymity.
clearly, a pseudonym on a book cover does not involve active lying.
more treacherous uses of pseudonyms, which I have described in detail, *do*.
there is a difference between `not being obligated to reveal who you
are' (anonymous or pseudonymous) and `lying about who you are' (pseudoanonymous).
but I see I have failed to convince you of that.
I just took the time to read your rant in RISKS 15.25.
I think you're way off base on several counts.
  *  Electronic media are no different from paper media in making
     it possible to use multiple names.  Talk to Mark Twain, Dr.
     Seuss, Alice Cooper, Poor Richard, Paul French, or Franklin W.
     Dixon if you don't believe me.  My experience is that references
     among aliases in literary works are seen as `in-jokes', which only
     the truly educated (in that particular realm, like science
     fiction) can notice and chuckle over.
     It's legal to use multiple names as long as you don't use them to
     defraud people.
     I use multiple names daily.  Each magazine I subscribe to, or
     organization I belong to, knows me as "EE Gilmore" or "CPSR
     Gilmore".  Then when I get a mailing from some random
     place, I know which organization sold my name to them, and
     if the volume of trash becomes excessive, I can write to the
     offending organization to have my name removed.  My girlfriend
     didn't do this, and she now has a foot-deep stack of glossy catalogs
     that were mailed to her over the last month.  And she doesn't know
     how to stop them coming (and we don't have a woodstove :-).
  *  Your examples imply that some of the people on cypherpunks
     are using pseudonyms to deceive people:
      I think that you mistake an honest advocacy of the right to use
      multiple names, for an advocacy of deceit.  The main reason to
      use multiple names is so that your "enemies" cannot correlate
      your activities so that they can punish you in one part of your
      life for things they don't like in some other part.
      For example, if you are gay, you might use a pen name when writing
      for local gay publications, so your prejudiced employer won't fire you.
      If you drive a car, you might want to use a different name on your
      driver's license so that "smoke a joint, lose your license" laws
      will not find a record of your license if they catch you with a
      joint.  (There is no correlation between marijuana smoking and
      hazardous driving -- it's simply a punishment technique that happens
      to be considered legal because the "right to drive" is not a right
      guaranteed in any constitution nearby.)
      Another reason to use multiple names is to track what is being
      done with the name you supply, as in my example above.
David Chaum was the first person I noticed advocating the use of a
different pseudonym for transactions with each different organization.
(This was automatically done by a smart-card in his design.)  Is he
part of the evil conspiracy too, or does he have a point worth
hearing?  How would *you* turn back the trend toward having every bit
of information about each person accessible to anyone who knows their
name, date of birth, fingerprint, license number, license plate,
vehicle ID number, passport number, genotype, bank account number,
retina print, credit card number, photo, or social security number?
Or do you think that this is a *good* thing?
I'm not sure why you trust _me_ in this, actually, if you think that
Tim May and Eric Hughes are fake people or possibly the same person.
I think that your artificial distinction between "pseudonyms" and
"pseudospoofing" is the root of where your thinking took a wrong turn.
People are under no obligation to tell you whether the name you know
them by is their only name -- the same way that they don't have to tell
you that though you only know them as "captain of the baseball team",
they are also "clerk in the bank" and "father of three".  By assuming
that "the right way for things to be" is for everyone to have a single
name, uniformly used, you have found a conspiracy where there was
simply a difference of opinion.
You can quote this (in its entirety) to the cypherpunks if you want.
Copyright 1993 John Gilmore.  Reproduction permitted only in entirety.

@_date: 1993-11-19 23:12:02
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Key Servers 
there isn't a solution to enforcing honesty. that's why we have criminals.
do you think there is a `code of ethics' in maintaining privacy among
cypherpunks over their email?
why can't we insert into that, `thou shalt not pseudospoof your fellow cypherpunks'?
I can't wait to see the Cypherpunks Code of Ethics. hee, hee. Suddenly
I am having visions of snowballs and Hell.
I would volunteer to start a list of everyone who agrees not to
pseudospoof each other on this list or in private email and distribute
it. But I won't, because the pseudospoofers (esp. those at the top) will not apply.
The pseudospoofers were quite amused by my pseudospoofing survey.
Imagine -- even revealing that they are doing it, without revealing the
identities? What kind of idiot do I think I am?
Hey pseudospoofers -- you are nothing but hypocrites wrapping
yourselves in the flag of privacy while urinating on it. *maybe* you
have a right to imaginary identities in quarantined playpens, like the
Pseudospoofing Game, but not in any serious forum. But why are you such
slime in not revealing to others that you are doing it? because you
want to embezzle, and part of embezzlement is never getting caught.
You think you are getting back at Big Corrupt Businesses. But you are
doing nothing but betraying *everyone* you come in contact with, with
your little identity arsenal fantasies.
The Psychopunk Code of Ethics
Nothing Is Wrong. Nothing I Ever Do is Wrong. I can Never Admit To Anything because I have Never Done Anything Wrong.
Privacy is Sacred -- Even if You are a Criminal -- Especially if You are a Criminal.
bastards. I used to think that 1/3 of the Royalty was Pure. But it is
3/3rds Corruption. Not only rotten *at* the core, rotten *to* the core.

@_date: 1993-11-20 20:04:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: EFF's Kapor on Political Philosophy 
Mr. Kapor's words of wisdom. I will not comment except to say that I
don't think he has accurately characterized the Cypherpunk position.
Rich Karlgaard <0005096930 at mcimail.com> wisely observes:
I have tried to illustrate his point.  My deficiencies as a graphic artist
are equaled only by the impoverished of ASCII as a graphical medium.
Karlgaard's two axes:
     -----------authoritarian------------
               ^                  |
               |                  |
<----left------|------ right----> |
               |                  |
               v                  |
     -----------libertarian-----------------------|
  decentralist   |  libertarian      |
                 |                   |
    ---------------------------------------
In my terminology Libertarian  is used to refer more specifically to the
right quadrant of the anti-authoritarian position.  The left side of the
anti-authoritarian space I have chosen to call decentralist.
As Rich indicates, on some issues, like NAFTA and, I might add, the Clipper
Chip, the opposing sides are divided, not on liberal-conservative political
lines, but on the horizontal axis.
I would claim that the lower half of the political space simply be called
anti-authoritarian and that it is divided into two quadrants: on the left,
the decentralist, and on the right, the libertarian.
You can see how this works on Clipper chip and other privacy issues related
to encryption.  EFF chairs a coalition of 60 organizations, from the
American Petroleum Institute to the ACLU, which opposes government control
of encryption.  You have cypherpunks and corporate interests aligned on
this issue, because they all want decentralization of control over
encryption technology.
On issues where the goal is to remove government-imposed barriers, like
privacy,  there is easy agreement between left-leaning decentralists and
right-leaning libertarians.  The coherence of EFF's Board resides in the
libertarian-decentralist commonality of interest which is more important
than conventional divisions of left-right politics.
On the other hand, the sometimes fractious nature of the public interest
community, of which EFF is part, can be seen to in splits along the same
horizontal axis. EFF supports private sector ownership and operation of the
National Information Infrastructure,, Many other public interest
organizations share the same general goals of openness for the NII as EFF
but prefer approaches lying above the horizontal midline, e.g., through
direct government ownership or operation of the NII.
Infrastructure is a trickier issue than privacy. All anti-authoritarians
would agree that a government-built NII is the wrong approach.  However,
there seems to be more willingness among many on the net who think of
themselves as libertarians to leave it entirely to private industry to
build the NII, where government abandons any role, even as referee.   If we
wound up with an NII controlled by an oligopoly of enormous corporate
interests which resulted in centralized control over content, it would be a
bad thing.  If independent content providers can't easily get on the
network, it would be a huge catastrophe.
It seems to me that, in principle, corporate authoritarianism is as
dangerous as government authoritarianism, and this is an issue which may
separate left-quadrant and right-quadrant anti-authoritarians.
A libertarian would argue that if government got out of the way, e.g.,
deregulated telecommunications and let everybody compete, it would be
sufficient to achieve the right kind of NII.  Personally, I think that's
naive.  A more considered libertarian view would be that either the market
will produce the desired result by itself OR IT WON'T, but there is nothing
anybody can do to alter the outcome.  Thus government should stay out of
it, and the public interest community should go home.  To me, this is both
fatalistic and simplistic.
A decentralist would say that deregulation alone is not necessarily going
to be sufficient to produce a decentralized NII.  It might be and it might
not.  But if it is not, we do not need to be fatalists about it.  We have
the opportunity to try to influence the outcome both by working at the
level of raising consciousness and through the possibility legislation
which ratifies some sort of hard-fought compromise that achieves certain
goals (e.g. for new common carriage or new universal service).  This
embodies the EFF approach.
We may all get lucky in the sense that the architecture of consumer
broadband networks winds up following a model which is more, rather than
less, like the Internet in its openness and decentralization.  This appears
to be the general direction Bell Atlantic is taking.  However, while their
system is open (in terms of common carriage or system architecture), it is
heavily asymmetrical with a big downstream pipe and a small upstream pipe,
at least for the foreseeable future.
If the TCI merger goes through, and if they are able to rationalize two
different networks, business models, and corporate cultures, what obtains
for BA will hold for  TCI too.  There are some mighty big ifs here, and in
any event Bell Atlantic/TCI only serves 25% of the country.  Other
carriers, who have a different business model which does not emphasize
revenue from transport a la Bell Atlantic, but revenue from content, may
choose to go with closed, channelized systems.
We have to see what other cable companies and telcos actually offer.
Increasingly I am going to focus my efforts on understanding the likely
architectural deployments of the carriers and how close they come to EFF's
model of an open platform.  The pragmatic question which faces us as we
fill in the picture with details will be what, if anything, can be done, to
nudge the system into providing alternatives which are closer to open
All in all, I'd prefer to try to catalyze any necessary changes in mindset
of carriers in order to secure voluntary moves.  But as a pragmatist I
believe that government action, or certainly the threat of it, may be
useful or, in the worst case, necessary, to achieve the desired end.
Further, since the whole process is already highly politicized, I think
involvement to prevent bad governmental solutions from being imposed and
screwing things up is clearly necessary.  Thus politics is inevitably
involved to carry out a an anti-authoritarian mission.  At least in my
Mitchell Kapor, Chairman                    Electronic Frontier Foundation
*** Join EFF!!!  Send mail to membership at eff.org for information ***

@_date: 1993-11-22 23:23:50
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: G.Barnes -- Stellar Hypocrite 
A friend has just emailed me a copy of Mr. Barnes' outrageous invasions
into my privacy from last week, which just saw for the first time, and
now condemn as a grotesque fishing expedition among my personal
associates with enough influence to censor me. I didn't take his
earlier threats about `going to your personal associates' seriously --
I had no idea anyone could be so perverted. Mr. Barnes, your slimy
tactics are absolutely obscene, and I further doubt that you are acting
alone. Prominent `leading' cypherpunks are using you as their `front
man' to attack and censor me rather than publicly confront my charges
and confess to their own depravities of widespread, rampant,
conspirational pseudospoofing, yourself included.
The sheer onslaught of unremitting evil I have been subject to in the
past few weeks make my RISKS articles look like feeble whimperings. The
problem is not that these recent freakshows are little anomalies in the
Cypherpunk `movement'. We are seeing for the first time the true,
unconcealed, rotten core of it. The hideous monster that has until now
hidden in blackness is rearing and screeching at the top of its lungs
upon being discovered. Pseudospoofing, criminal machinations of
identity, lying through the media, and subversion of the Internet and
Cyberspace have been the  goals of the Cypherpunks from the
beginning, and their heinous, vicious atrocities have already
irreparably damaged and poisoned very many quarters of the Internet.
The Aliens have Landed.

@_date: 1993-11-23 23:29:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Pitch Black 
Someone, I forget who, recently had some words about pseudoanonymity
here. I (once) deeply respected this person and hoped he could lead me
from my madness with some reassuring words to comfort my anxieties
about pseudospoofing and other deceptions by cypherpunk leadership --
someone who could indicate to me that there was concern over morality
at the topmost level. I realize now that was a totally hopeless,
impossible, futile expectation. The supposedly credible and reputable
person, in response to my concerns about integrity, only further
perpetuated the ad hominem slurs on my sanity and the attacks on my
efforts at honesty. I have nothing but another few K of obfuscations
and disinformation in favor of the Religion of Pseudospoofing, myself
the Foremost Blasphemous Heretic, burned at the stake for my crimes.
All I can do is attempt to stop the oozing blood and untwist the knife
with some final feeble rasps. I am on my Cypherpunk deathbed, with
tears streaming down my face at having had faith and trust in murderous
betrayors. Upon whose hands is my blood?
The `entity' asserts that through all my efforts in delineating
deceptive uses of identity, none exist. He equates the manipulation,
propaganda, deception, disinformation, lies, betrayal, treachery, and
brainwashing of tentacles as an `in-joke' that the `truly educated can
notice and chuckle over'. Perhaps the same in-joke that truly
enlightened gang rapists can perpetrate and chuckle over.
I think we *both* have mistaken an advocacy of deceit for an honest
advocacy of identity, privacy, and anonymity. I think many others are
continuing to be subject to evil depravities unchecked by my wailing
screeches. I think that the topmost leadership in this organization is
not interested in the privacy of honest people, they are interested in
protecting the privacy for criminals, like terrorists, drug dealers,
tax evaders, pedophiles, spies, and traitors. I think they salivate and
have orgasms over the possibility of manipulating honest people with
their reputation embezzments, swindles, doublecrossing, other joyous
crimes for which you are never held accountable. If you are a criminal,
and your `activities' are `correlated' by Police `enemies' with
depravity, God help us all that when the police grab your arm it is not
a writhing severed tentacle, and that you are punished, and if you are
not contrite you are punished without mercy, and that if you commit
crimes like fraud against the trusting, `in one part of your life',
another part of your life called your `freedom' is taken away, as you
ponder your sorry predicament behind cold, unmoving steel bars.
David Chaum does not advocate pseudoanonymity, and you are nothing but
an evil liar for suggesting that he does. A Chaumian bank *knows* it is
dealing with a pseudonym. It is OBVIOUSLY PSEUDOONYMOUS. Perhaps you
would like to have Anonymous Contracts, so that when you BREAK ONE the
OPPRESSIVE ORWELLIAN BANK, stupidly thinking it could TRACE YOU, is
CHEATED BY A LIAR. Perhaps you WEEP WITH JOY at the thought of HONEST
PEOPLE ENDLESSLY PAYING for the CRIMES OF SOCIAL PARASITES. If Chaum
had any sense of decency he would STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM CYPHERPUNKS.
Do not look for approval of your perverted Pseudospoofing Religion in
your Revered Science Fiction Authors, your Eminent Cryptographic
Researchers, your Pretty Good Privacy Programmer, because they are
RESPECTABLE and LAW ABIDING and they have the sense to stop LIES and
CORRUPTION and CONSPIRACIES.
*you* wish to turn back the trend of Civilization that has moved toward
accountability and reduced the ease of cheating honest people from
their money. *you* advocate that *no* identification exist whatsoever,
particularly the kind that prevents criminals from being prosecuted for
their crimes. And you think that this is a *good* thing.
People are under every obligation to tell the truth in a civilized
society. I choose to live in one. You can have your depraved barbarism.
By assuming that cypherpunk leadership did not necessarily have
integrity, I have found a conspiracy where there is simply a vacuum of morality.
I think your lies and self-deception and associations and defenses of
perverts are the root of where *yours* took a wrong turn. I think, to
the contrary, the `wrong turn in thinking' is the `Movement' that
embraces the flag of Freedom of Speech, Privacy for the Masses, and the
Cryptographic Revolution, only to throw it to the ground, trample,
burn, and urinate upon it when no one is looking. The Cypherpunks
succeed at nothing but hypocrisy and depravity.  Led by a
conspirational clique of squirmy apologists and slimy moral relativists
mindraping the cybervirgins for vicious sport and the positive peer
approval of fellow psychopaths. Your hideous criminal clock, your insidious time bomb, is tick-tick-ticking.
Go to hell, Medusa

@_date: 1993-11-23 23:48:09
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Apocalypse Now 
Hey, I heard about a new mailing list some people here may be
interested in. Pseudospoofers need not apply. (If you do, fair warning,
you will be hunted down...)
Postings to everyone on the cypherwonks list go to cypherwonks at Lists.EUnet.fi.
Commands to the MajorDomo mail server go to in the message body. Basic commands are HELP, INFO, SUBSCRIBE, etc.
* * *
The Cypherwonk Charter, by L. Detweiler, Cypherwonk Janitor
The cypherwonks are a splinter group from the cypherpunks also
interested in promoting and implementing cryptographic technology.
However, we have unique ideas on how to successfully implement these
radical new capabilities to ensure privacy without encouraging criminal
behaviors like forgery and `online predation'. We are also interested
in a far more ambitious goal of `technological progress' that
transcends a mere obsession with privacy and anonymity. The cypherwonks
believe that many aspects of a identification and government are
necessary and crucial for any social stability (particularly related to
judicial and law enforcement systems), and are quite alarmed at talk
about a `cryptoanarchy' resulting from the mere implementation of
software protocols -- although we realize that radical new forms of
government may appear with these new technologies, embodied in one term
`Electronic Democracy'.
We believe that while sometimes the `majority' can become a `tyranny',
in general the idea of voting as a civilized way of resolving proposals
and `one person, one vote' are sacred, and we are interested in
implementing systems that promote interaction and collaboration among
motivated and enthusiastic members, whether within the cypherwonk
organization or within their nations (cypherwonks, of course, try to
think free of local prejudices, and globally).
Cypherwonks understand that *trust* and *honesty* are inherent in all
human endeavors, *particularly* communication. We recognize that people
trust others not to reveal our private email unless given permission,
we trust others not to use information from our mail or about their
identities to adverse aims, we trust that systems delivering mail will
not be corrupted by criminals, or if they get caught there will be
serious consequences, and many other explicit and implicit variations.
We know that there are many ingenious ways of minimizing the amount of
trust required in unknown components such as with the use of
cryptography or pseudonyms, and we seek passionately to invent and use
them, but at the root level, email is an exchange between human beings
who trust each other. Therefore, we hold a sense of ethics and morality
in strong reverence, and even though we're not always precisely sure
what they entail, we know that they exist and we strive for the right
ideal. We abhor the idea that `it's not wrong if you can get away with
it' or other variations of moral relativism. We also subscribe to the
idea that if you breach ethics, you should be prepared to forfeit some rights, like your `right to privacy'.
Cypherwonks are also extremely interested in promoting and implementing
`digital cash', but believe that while invariably the state's taxes
tend to become burdensome, few civilized, technological societies are
free of them, and certainly we do not advocate tax evasion, `black
marketeering', or any other subversive or illegal activities through
cryptographic techniques, and even beyond this we seek design protocols
that discourage these subversive aims in general, because of their
toxic, fragmentary effect on social unity.
Cypherwonks recognize that our mailing list is extremely critical in
coordinating our movement and our fellow members. It is our central
nervous system. While the list is informal, we demand a professional
atmosphere, and will privately object to people who are publicly rude
or belligerent. But we are also extremely careful about what we say to
each other in private, because people can be extremely influenced by
what they receive in mail. We would be aghast and horrified to find
that somebody viciously criticized someone in private mail based on
public postings, for example. We place high value on being courteous to
each other and minimizing disagreement where possible, forging
consensus, and the art of diplomacy in surmounting political barriers.
We trust each other on the list and in personal email. We wish to have
an open, uplifting, inspiring, honest, representative, polite,
respectful, egalitarian dialogue. We will never use the mailing list
for personal or selfish reasons -- we strive to serve our fellow
cypherwonks through our postings. We are what we claim to be. We abhor
secrecy, `security through obscurity', and conspirational cliques.
Cypherwonks are extremely interested in promoting some forms of
anonymity. However, we do not necessarily believe that others are
required to read anonymous postings. To the contrary, we believe that
the individual should have the tools and freedom to filter his or her
own mail based on real identities. In particular, we condemn the
practice of `pseudospoofing,' the dangerous deception where a person
builds up a pseudonym and misrepresents it as being that of a real
person's identity. We police each other on the list to prevent it, and
require a promise that our members refrain from it. While our trust can
be betrayed, only those that are honest are true cypherwonks, and
anyone who betrays our trust we consider a dishonest hypocrite, or worse, a traitor.
Cypherwonks are extremely interested in building tangible systems.
Engineers who love to discuss the nitty-gritty details of some scheme
are at home on the cypherwonks list. We like to impress each other with
our knowledge but at the same time state it in relevant and humble
terms. We are not trying to win popularity contests with our postings.
We are trying to accomplish ambitious endeavors. We are especially
ecstatic to make connections with other cypherwonks interested in the
same projects we are, and cooperating to build useful tools. We like to
give status reports of our intermittent real-world meetings and
progress to other cypherwonks. We do this to inspire and encourage
others, not to assuage our egos or flaunt our power. We recognize that
this is the true spirit of the Internet embodies in the volunteerism
that build the impressive RFC and FAQ repositories. In fact, we are
very fond of writing RFCs and FAQs. We keep track of all the things we
have accomplished, and are very proud of this group resume, and delight
in adding new items.
The Cypherwonks are more inclusive than exclusive. We try to
accommodate the interests of others. We consider it a high crime to
`flame newbies'. In fact, we go out of our way to encourage greet new
members with smiles in email. We especially like to have reporters on
the list, and treat them like royalty. But we also make sure that no
one is hogging the spotlight. We try to match up reporters with
different people on the list. Some people are naturally `leaders',
particularly the list moderator J. Helsingius, but in general we don't
lionize or deify anyone. The greatest cypherwonk is always the last
person who posted the most interesting, relevant, and useful article.
While we thrive on the Internet, and greatly admire the system, we also
realize the structure of the Internet is evolving and growing. We tend
to distrust `authorities' regulating the Internet, but at the same time
we recognize that the Internet exists and is popular because of a
strong community feeling with a `netiquette' that places a strong taboo
on things like censorship, cracking, and pseudospoofing and a strong
interest in individual effort and innovation.  In short, we are
interested in `civilizing cyberspace' with the powerful new
technological tools like cryptography and digital cash that are
available but unimplemented. We believe that the current Internet is a
bit raw and untamed in places, like a frontier, and just a `glimmer in
the eye' of future cyberspace, and we seek to smooth out the rough
spots, build elaborate and hospitable castles to live in, and invite
all of humanity here to join us for a party. (In case you are wondering, the word `wonk' is slang for a `meticulous detail person'.)
* * *
The Cypherwonk Code of Ethics (Including Pseudospoofing and Privacy)
By L. Detweiler, Cypherwonk janitor
Cypherwonks owe no courtesy to someone who forfeits any expectation of
respect from atrocious misbehavior. This is as simple as the maxim, if you are a criminal you forfeit your `rights' in a civilized society.
If you mailbomb a cypherwonk, you have forfeited your `right to privacy'. If you email a cypherwonk's postmaster or colleagues in an attempt to censor or intimidate a cypherwonk, especially before consulting that
cypherwonk, but not necessarily, you have forfeited your `right to privacy'. If you lie to a cypherwonk, you have forfeited your `right to privacy'. If you fail to adequately respond to personal accusations of impropriety or criminality, especially meeting them with evasion or stonewalling, you have forfeited your `right to privacy'.
If you have ever sent a cypherwonk mail under a pseudoanonymous identity, you have forfeited your `right to privacy' -- under ALL your pseudonyms and identities. If you advocate violations of ethical or legal behavior to a cypherwonk, you forfeit your `right to privacy'.
Cypherwonks, even highly reputable ones, may attempt to shame you into
embarrassment or repentance for violations of ethical behavior by ridiculing you in front of people who appear to be your friends and community, if all other measures have failed. In extreme cases, even this may be ineffective, but if you have no shame, you have no humanity.
* * *
List topics (not exhaustive)
-Projects (secure phones, etc.)
-Cryptographic techniques (RSA etc.)
-International news events in privacy/anonymity
-Identity issues such as databases and pseudospoofing
-real world meetings (others and our own)
Posting guidelines: we wish to minimize the number of postings to the
list so as to attract the busy, influential people that get things done. Please refine your postings highly. We especially appreciate the consolodation
of topics with summaries, `tables of contents', headings, etc. where
appropriate. At all times, we seek to build consensus and look down on
grouchy postings that do nothing but criticize. The list should be regarded as a stepping stone to `getting things done' or `resolving conflicts' in email.
* * *
The Cypherwonk Resume
J. Helsingius has built the most popular and global anonymity server on the Internet, with thousands of active users daily.
L. Detweiler has compiled a wide variety of FAQs on Internet subjects.
(updates to ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu)
* * *
Most Wanted List
- key servers that are dedicated only to `true identities'. People who submit their keys promise the keys are that of their real identities and that no one else will ever post under their identities. Penalty is public exposure and stigma if caught. The protocols might also include
mechanisms for `challenges' and `resolutions'.
- reputation based mailing list software. One idea: people rate each other's
postings in different categories. Server tracks everyone's ratings. People
can screen mail based on accrued credit.
- electronic democracy software (especially tied to reputations). protocols for propositions, resolutions, voting, etc.
- other identity servers to prevent pseudospoofing. possibly hooking up with existing government databases.
- pseudonymity servers like anon.penet.fi with public key encryption.
- support of the Bunyip project for automated Internet resource tracking, including mailing lists.
- support for distributed hypertext systems and protocols like XMosaic.
- resume & reputation servers. a very premature idea, but these would help track people's accomplishments and reputations in different forums,
perhaps even by cross indexing their postings.
(additions to ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu)
* * *
Cypherwonks of Note (Reporters, take note!)
(apply to ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu)
J. Helsingius
Operator, anon.penet.fi, first widespread reliable anonymous remailer
in popular use on the Internet
L. Detweiler
Privacy & Anonymity FAQ, Anonymity FAQ, Whistleblowing FAQ

@_date: 1993-11-24 23:13:24
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: The History of Cypherpunks 
Mr. N.Sammons, esteemed Founder of Colorado Cypherpunk Chapter, kindly
sent me a message he apparently posted to cypherpunks commenting on the
`neurotic L.Detweiler' and my `obsession with pseudospoofing' who is
`pissing me off' and is not `particularly prowd' [sic] of me `being
affiliated with the group.' All of this is a rather clever distortion
of reality apparently designed to ingratiate Mr. N.Sammons with the CA
Conspiracy Clique. Mr. Sammons, I have no idea why you want to throw in
your lot with the psychopunks (esp. given they all appear to be
centered in CA), but far be it for me to stand in your way.
The most serious distortions, considering my own mental state, however,
I must address. I have been subject to dozens of accusations of mental
instability over the past few weeks from fanatic CA cypherpunks bent on
silencing me in very reprehensible ways, such as exerting pressure
through my postmaster, mailbombs, employer, and higher administrators
in the University. I must credit the eminent Cypherpunks
E.Hughes,T.C.May,P.Metzger, and D.Barnes for their glorious atrocities.
Also, just recently Mr. Gilmore suggests that these efforts amount to
`doing me a favor' by `asking people at my university to come talk to
me' by `people who think you are becoming unstable.' The truth is that
I have made their own corruptions and lies increasingly unstable. The
Psychopunk revisionist history appears to have reached a climax in Mr.
Sammons' latest note:
This is all nothing but BLACK DISINFORMATION typical of the
brainwashing of CA cypherpunks. (Reminds me of D.Barnes, the `stellar
hypocrite', telling another cypherpunk that his majestic L.D. blackmail
fishing expedition were not an invasion of privacy but a simple
psychopunk demonstration of how much sensitive personal information
about people is vulnerable to exposure. bastard.)
Mr. Sammons, the only thing that has propelled me over several weeks of
postings to Cypherpunks and elsewhere (e.g. RISKS) is the hope that
some Cypherpunk leader would crack and admit to their systematic
efforts in systematic, conspirational cyberspatial deception in
pseudospoofing. There has never been any other issue, and to call me
insane for accusing the leadership of pseudospoofing is like telling
Galileo he is a heretic for saying the earth revolves around the Sun.
The top leadership has cloaked their effort to develop the cult
religion of pseudospoofing in the guise of `privacy for the masses' and
the `cryptographic revolution'. `pseudospoofing' and `pseudopools' are
the core aspects of their perverted religion. They *have* a secret
mailing list hidden from the public used to promote subversions and the
CA Conspiracy. They have written customized software for pseudospoofing
and style analysis for cyberspatial warfare across many lists. They
have built up an extensive international infrastructure of sites and
public access internet accounts for manipulation of the public through
the mailing list and elsewhere. They have corrupted DNS and SMTP
software. They have infiltrated many sensitive lists, such as `internet
mercantile protocols' and CERT lists, and derailed discussions with
public and private sabotage, and stolen sensitive confidential
information. They have molested me and many others (e.g. G.Spafford and
other well-meaning cypherpunk list subscribers) with their numerous
tentacles in my private mailbox, even after I publicly requested they
stop. Virtually all of these various harassments were over project
proposals on the list by `outsiders' (such as the Whistleblowing
newsgroup, the disk stacker encryption program) that rubbed them the
wrong way for some capricious whim. They love to post effusive messages
from tentacles congratulating themselves on their vacuous achievments,
and attacks on others who have accomplished anything substantial. They
love to post subtle disinformation that cloaks their future aims and
past depravities. They have deceived the respectable media like NYT and
Wired in dark, atrocious ways, and revel in it. And they would rather
censor me by inflaming those above me at my site into revoking my
Internet account, with completely deceptive complaints about my
`deranged' postings, than confess their depravities in front of their
loyal, marching, brainwashed, braindead sycophants, who still think
that J.Dinkelacker and N.Szabo are real people. And they blame the
ashes of their arson on the lone firefighter.
I assure you, psychopunks, this is *not* a comprehensive list! These
are only some of the *cyberspatial* crimes!
Your eminent leaders would rather brand or drive a man into an insane
pariah than admit the truth, an investigation they cower cowardly in
fear and attack as Terrorizing McCarthyist WitchHunt Inquisition, which
for them it is. This is all that drives me in posting here, is the hope
that everyone  sane and honest still listening will have the sense to
get the hell out of here. Cypherpunks, your `leaders' are nothing but
cyberspatial psychopaths. None will escape culpability for complicity. It's only a matter of
timing at this point! tick, tick, tick ...

@_date: 1993-11-27 19:24:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Web of Trust: A Proposal 
Hello everyone, I've been watching these accusations of pseudospoofing
scroll by like everyone else, and have been quite upset by them.
Cypherpunks should be very careful in this atmosphere. We don't know
who to trust! Even the fiery responses to this message could be coming
from tentacles! I think the tentacle activity has increased
tremendously in the past few weeks because of the variety of recent exposures.
So, with an eye to preventing this poison, I'm trying to establish an
informal `Web of Trust' of cypherpunks who trust each other in posting
with real, and not pseudospoofed identities. I talked about creating
this list before, but there was no interest then. I think there is
interest now. People want to know if the people they respect really
exist and are who they say they are. They are concerned about a
campaign to create fake accounts across many states to manipulate the
trusting. They suspect that the incredible dischord on this list,
historically and presently, is really the fault of the pseudospoofing.
Many have complained to me of the `demonizing' and `discreditation' of
people who are attempting to establish an honest network of real
cypherpunks, turned into whimpering martyrs and scapegoats.
For now, I'm especially interested in making contact with some
California cypherpunks who have attended meetings and would like to
help establish a completely pure `Web of Trust' free of poisoning by
pseudospoofer. Gradually, we can get this net to grow to other states.
The idea is simple. You contact me if you are fed up with accusations
of pseudospoofing on this list and this dischord it has created. You
tell me the people you are willing to vouch for, and the evidence you
have of their existence. You help track down people who evade your
queries. Of course, we are not going to invade anyone's privacy here.
But we are going to keep track of people who think that showing some
identification to a fellow cypherpunk is an Invasion of Privacy. There
will be a set of `verified' and `unverified' listings, and we can
continually update them in the face of new information.
I'm sure that no loyal or honest cypherpunks would oppose this plan. It
is very similar to the PGP `web of trust' model except applied to real
identities and eyed with a much stronger view of keeping it pure and
uncorrupted by people who wish to embezzle `real reputation credit' from others.
The idea that fascinates me is that the most prominent cypherpunks
posting here are going to attempt to discredit my plan, either directly
or through pseudospoofed tentacles. In fact, I suspect that many
cypherpunks are now holding Tentacles and Snakes in high esteem. This
`web of trust' should help keep the integrity and honesty in our
interactions. For those of you not interested in honesty or integrity,
please refrain from sabotaging our plans and efforts at achieving it.
So, in particular, if any CA cypherpunks are interested in helping me
out, especially those who have attended meetings, please send me mail.
Thanks! Some of you who think the bizarre accusations of pseudospoofing
are completely unwarranted may be amused by helping me prove it.
(Some day, of course, this whole process will be automated of tracking
who is vouching for who and with what evidence, with powerful
`identitification mechanisms' and `true name servers' but for know we
have to do it tediously and manually by hand.)

@_date: 1993-11-27 20:24:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Vinegar, Honey, Flies, and Snakes 
Someone told me in email that they respected what I was doing in
attempting to elicit a public statement by top Cypherpunk leadership on
pseudospoofing, but that I was going about it in the wrong way. He
said, `you can catch more flies with honey than vinegar.' I told them
that I don't think I had caught *any* flies with *either* honey or
vinegar so far, after many weeks of public and private email! `What do
you recommend to catch snakes?' I asked. He didn't say yet. I could
certainly use some advice. I admit I've been winging it for the past
few weeks. Nevertheless, he does have a point about honey vs. vinegar.
So, I'm offering this neat opportunity and prize to all the spiffy
cypherpunks who would like to help me out. The premiere goal is to get
the CA Leadership to Come Clean on their personal knowledge and
involvement in pseudospoofing. There are many ways to go about this.
You can send mail to
gnu at toad.com, hughes at soda.berkeley.edu, tcmay at netcom.com
Of course, I've tried this to no avail, but maybe you have a better
reputation among them than I do. I regret I have kind of shot mine in
their eyes after the fanatic persistence in exposing the
pseudospoofing. One refused to even talk to me on the phone to allay my
fears about pseudospoofing.
You might also ask the journalists who have covered the cypherpunks if
they know anything about the promotion of deception, or would be
interested in helping uncover a hoax or a conspiracy. (I have a few in
that area, but they are `silent and deadly' and it will take awhile.)
Another interesting technique is that of exposing the tentacles and
snakes on other lists. Challenge them in their claims of real identity.
For example, N.Szabo claimed in RISKS that he knew about others trying
to help me learn of their true identities. When I challenged him on
Who, he got upset and stormed off the Internet. He posted a message
here stating that I was `stalking' people with `true names'.  Hee, hee!
This is typical behavior of a tentacle. Unfortunately, I haven't yet
been able to track the Medusa behind this tentacle, but these things
take time. The Szabo tentacle really pisses me off because he got into
a prestigious journal that should be free of this kind of treacherous poison.
But I have to give you some incentive, don't I? Well, what about fame
and glory? Can't you just imagine that great NYT and Wired headline,
INGENIOUS HACKERS EXPOSE FRAUDULENT CYPHERPUNKS, with your picture in
glossy color? talking all about the amazing history of the
investigation, all the amazing contortions by top cypherpunks, etc.?
The situation is that even the Leaders need an incentive to Come Clean.
Well, I am prepared to offer a very valuable prize for this. I am
personally aware of one of the most masterful and dramatic stories of
intrigue and pseudospoofing that exists in the Real World. It involves
a radio team and Nazi Germany in WWII. I guarantee you, this is PRIME
material that head cypherpunks can drool over. Your `True Name' SF by
whats-his-name will not even come close to this kind of sheer
spectacular nailbiting epic saga.
So, Mr. May, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Gilmore, I promise to personally type in
by hand this very long story from a very obscure niche, serialized over
many or maybe a week, but that will have you salivating at the
masterful deceptions. I am talking about the  Master Pseudospoofed
Hoax that beats War of the Worlds and the Cypherpunks List as a sheer
masterpiece of sensitive and strategic deception. I mean, supposedly
the timing of D Day was affected by this espionage. Wow, you can't wait
to read this. But you have to help me out! I can't do anything without
some kind of Positive Signal on your part. Please, don't deprive
yourselves and your followers from seizing this fantastic opportunity!
Time is running out! Act now! This is a Limited Time Offer!
This is my Honey Offer. I've tried the Honey before with top
cypherpunks in email, but it just doesn't work. I mean, there's only so
much you can do with psychopunk flies. I have plenty of Vinegar left.
Lord knows, there are still plenty of Snakes.

@_date: 1993-11-27 23:00:39
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Long Litanies of Lies 
Hello again. I just wanted to talk about the idea of pseudospoofing
`crossings'. It seems to me that people who are rampant pseudospoofers
have built up a life of fear and paranoia. They are always posing the
question, What if I say this? Will it reveal my identity? There is so
much information that we have flitting through our brains, and it is
impossible to track where it originated from. It invariably blurs! I
mean, if I talk to someone with my tentacle, and he says that he is
proud that his wife is going to have a baby, and then I meet him in
person and say `Congratulations' out of good wishes, he says, `how did
you know I was going to have a baby?' and the pseudospoofer has to work
himself out of another uncomfortable rock-and-hard place. Imagine
having to hesitate like a liar to say *anything* or answer *any*
question you are ever asked. What pernicious, sweaty, hellish torture!
I have information from G.Broiles (a tentacle? hee, hee) and others
that top cypherpunks, E.Hughes in particular, have developed
pseudospoofing and style analysis software. If so, I think this is
somewhat pathetic. I  mean, think of all the time they are wasting
trying to keep track of who said what, and what who knows about what,
and what they can and can't say at a given time. Good lord! If everyone
had to do this all the time, we would collapse in a nervous breakdown.
It's really pathetic that anyone would call so much extra overhead
baggage `Liberating'.  Why would anyone go through so much trouble to
promote a lie? The answer is that they are not honest! `Power over their victims'
I mean, is this really Communication? Respect for one's peers and
colleages? Seems more like AntiCommunication to me. It's interesting
that the idea `community' and `communication' have the same root. No
coincidence there! If you don't have one, you don't have the other! But
many psychopunks recognize this already, and this is why they
continually searingly rant against any kind of Community, like a
Government or a Democracy or a Meeting.
Pseudospoofing reminds me of the way that criminals justify their
crimes in the face of every clue and signal that is screaming at them
at the top of its lungs to stop betraying themselves and their friends
and cease with their depravity. A heroin junkie could have an arm full
of collapsed veins, lost his home, his family, his honesty, his money, his dignity, his sanity, his life. And to the end he will say I Must Have My Heroin.
But pseudospoofers are masters at their kind of systematic
manipulation. They enjoy it, they thrive on it, it is their vicarious
sexual thrill. It is like a chess game involving different pieces and
scenarios and positions and attacks and countermeasures and feints and
.... What does my opponent know about this tentacle? Does he really
trust it? I think every pseudospoofer is something of a pathological
liar at heart. He enjoys weaving complex scenarios and keeping track of
what he said to who, and how to make sure that no one walks into each
other or any of his long litany lies collide with each other in a `crossing'. But My Gosh, Cyberspace is inherently unconducive to concealing the
truth where people want to find it. There are just too many myriads of
possibilities for arbitrary crossings between independent identities
and opportunities for honest people to discover the truth in the face
of lies. Who is Inside? Who is Outside? A conspiracy will always
collapse under its own weight. The only question is, who will be
crushed beneath it? (That reminds me of that story about the Zen of
Cyberspace, where a corrupt king dies and a platform carried by his
sycophants crushes them. I have it somewhere in my extensive archives
if anyone is interested.)
It is like the RSA key spoofing trick -- you might be able to send
someone a fake key, but then they go to communicate with their party
over a random line anywhere in cyberspace (the IP protocol means that
different packets may take different paths at different times, the
beauty of robust fault-tolerant routing) and suddenly the recipient
realizes from the gibberish that he has been pseudospoofed. You might
be able to keep up a deception at first, but suddenly some independent
channel is touched by your target that you have no control over, and
the whole illusion collapses.
The biggest problem with pseudospoofing, deception, and lies in
Cyberspace is when a climate arises wherein people are not skeptical by
nature, even though they claim they are. For example, many people have
told me that they are sure they have never signed a fake key, or used
one, of a person that does not exist. But my own experience with others
and the key server design would seem to contradict this. Top developers
seem to defend, even delight and revel in the `toxic waste' in the PGP
Web of Trust. Today's key servers are quite corrupted with fake keys,
many of them from the Cypherpunk pseudospoofer cultists. So people
think that this `web of trust' is actually trustworthy when it is just
a `web of lies'. The problem is that they do nothing *actively* to seek
out fake identities and corruptions in the Web, even when encouraged to
do so. If everyone passively accepts a Lie, and someone actively
continues to orchestrate it, the Lie Stands. Once again, a great new
technology exposes the human weakness that lay largely obscured before
its invention, in this case the inherent laziness and gullibility of people. This Cypherpunks list is a classic case where people can continue to
believe in a lie despite many signs that there is a deception going on.
It involves the magnetic, powerful effect of peer pressure. If all your
friends do drugs, you believe it is a Liberating Experience
unequivocally. Faith replaces Knowledge. If your eminent leaders say
that pseudospoofing is a Liberating Experience, you believe it. After
all, they were profiled in NYT and Wired! Who are we to question their
authority? In an environment (the Internet) where the default
expectation should be that *everyone* is a tentacle, because nothing
prevents it, everyone to the contrary believes that everyone is real!
This illusion of reality in cyberspace is very hard to dispell, even
though people claim they cannot ever be fooled! The problem is that
lies can sometimes pick up their own destructive momentum, like a
snowball rolling down a hill. People can begin to believe in fantasies,
like a meme-virus propagating like a toppled line of dominos, like a
crowd that turns riotous with a few circulating shouts. However,
sometimes the Truth erupts amidst the lies in the same way!
By the way, I still haven't heard anything from J.Gilmore, E.Hughes, or
T.C.May on their personal knowledge of pseudospoofing on the
Cypherpunks list. E.Hughes wrote something in RISKS but it seems
evasive to me (more on this later). I would appreciate if you guys or
someone else could send me your public statement on pseudoanonymity in
email. Many people have been talking about all the anarchy, dischord
and disunity on the list lately, and maybe a public statement by a
cypherpunk `official' would help stop all the rampant speculation and
fingerpointing. That is usually the respectable approach among any
professional organization! (That reminds me of P.Metzger complaining
that `Cypherpunks' was just too darn subversive sounding as a name!
ROFL) I have to wonder what you guys are really trying to accomplish
without public announcements, and why one has been so long
unforthcoming! Kind of reminds me of a big conspiracy or hoax! If you
flinch and cower every time your leadership and `movement' are subject
to scrutiny people will think you're nothing but a batch of liars, or
pseudospoofers (the difference is not great).
 In fact, maybe a ban against pseudospoofing might rescue the list from
the hellish ulterior grouchiness and atmosphere of noise and
frustration that it has always had in the past and scared away a lot of
respectable people (for example, Markoff). But that's an awful lot to
hope for. On the other hand, the CryptoAnarchists have always come out
in favor of Anarchy, of course, and maybe the recent violent seizures
on the list, the continual tick-tick-ticking torture of the time bomb,
are what they have in mind.

@_date: 1993-11-28 22:44:41
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the GWELST Game 
Hey, I have a neat new game that cypherpunks would be interested in.
Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of material for anything but one or
two rounds. Maybe some other people can join in as the dealer after this round.
GWELST stands for Guess Which Eminent Leader Said This. One eminent
cypherpunk leader is the author of a quote I include here. Your
mission, if you choose to accept it, is to determine the originator. The quote is:
``There is no movement. Get this delusion out of your head. There is
only software.''
A few hints for you all. I was quite depressed and disoriented by this
quote at first. I thought, of course there is a movement! That's why
I'm here! That's what makes me interested in the Cypherpunks! Isn't a
NYT and Wired article an indication of a Movement? Aren't all the
people who post here indications of a Movement? Aren't the leaders
interested in promoting the Movement?
Actually, the answers to all these questions are quite contrary to what
you might think. It seems that the real cypherpunk agenda is to
*pretend* that there is a movement, and play it out like a movie in a
theatre for the audience, and fool them into thinking it is real. Many
still do! But this is like being convinced by one of those fake
Hollywood building facades, with empty nothingness behind it. The
leaders are interested in deceiving reporters like Markoff and Kelly,
NYT and Wired respectively, into thinking that the movie is real, that
real people are getting real things done.
Many of the people who post here are *not* real. Some of the most
`respected' ones are tentacles. And the audience is so dazzled by the
show that they continue to believe in the Movie despite that it has
ended and an usher is telling them to Leave! Many tentacles are dangled
before us by the Master Puppeteers themselves. The tentacles assault us
on the list and in our mail, sandwiched between real people. How can
one tell the difference? Most can't. So the fraud, the mockery, the
sham, the farce plays on.
So, even the leaders have some honesty in some moments. On rare
occasions of unguarded, uncharacteristically candid moments, they hint
that there the idea that there is a Movement is actually an elaborate
hoax. `There is no movement. Get this delusion out of your head. There
is only software.' That last sentence is a reference to the elaborate
movie-generating software that they run, that helps them project the
characters onto the screen with an amazing degree of realism and
verasimilitude. But the characters are not real people. Only after
attempting to interact with them like real people, can other real
people discover that they are fake. It is like an Eliza-Turing test.
Which email addresses are intelligent? Which are tentacles? Hint: The
tentacles are like robots that explode when asked a question they cannot answer. Interestingly, the individual A.Abraham, himself involved in the
Cypherpunk leadership, who posts as a2 at ah.com (the infamous
Abraham-Hughes site), recently sent me mail along the same lines,
saying that `There is only software.' This is a fat clue for you in
this round of the GWELSTing Game! Answer will appear shortly!

@_date: 1993-11-30 00:07:21
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Eric Hughes 
Hello, I've been thinking that the GWELST (Guess Which Eminent Leader
Said This) may be in poor taste and violate the privacy of a
co-conspirator, the latter the  psychopunk crime. So, regarding the
`There is no movement. Get this delusion out of your head. There is
only software' quote, I won't say which Eminent Leader is the
originator of this. I just wanted to share this inspirational message
with everyone, hopefully no harm done.
I had some other ideas for the GWELSTing game. As I said, I didn't have
a whole lot of material for this, mostly due to the amazing rock-hard
wall the Eminent Leaders have erected around certain topics, such as
their own involvement in pseudospoofing conspiracies or quasi-criminal
activities. Again, I wouldn't want to violate the privacy of a
criminal, so I will just list this new inspirational quote without
attribution, and let everyone here speculate on its author.
The background behind this was that I had been concerned by leaks or
`crossings' by tentacles of very personal knowledge of my personal
habits and financial transactions -- something that likely could only
have come from stealing my credit card report transactions. I was also
concerned about an Eminent Leader's ties to credit organizations and
credit databases.
So, I asked in a message entitled `dirty secrets' -- `Have you ever
poked around in a credit database?'
The background on the other question was that I had heard references to
a Secret Mailing list by both identified Medusa's Snakes and Medusa
Sisters. The mailing list was supposedly for `project development' free
of `paranoid ranters'! Well, if there was any overlap in `paranoid
ranters' an tentacles, I would certainly like to sign up! I have been
trying to find a single place on the Internet dedicated to project
development and free of Cryptoanarchists, psychopunks, Medusa's snakes
and sisters for many weeks now! Actually, I always thought that *this*
list was dedicated to serious project development, but boy do I know
better! It's a testing ground for Cryptoanarchist brainwashing and
refining tentacle software of course.
Anyway, the second question was -- `is there a secret mailing list?'
* * *
The $64K answer from the Eminent leader was rather terse and cryptic
(ha, ha!), as he usually is. ``Your questions do not allow other than
an incriminating answer.''
I asked him  what he meant by that, I think, but he didn't elaborate.
It's strange how none of the Eminent Leaders answers specifically any
of my questions on various subjects like Pseudospoofing, Conspiracies,
and Deception. The same leader, in response to a long list of my
queries on the subjects, said `I deny it all'. Oh well. Maybe the list
moderator and Cypherpunk movement founder E.Hughes (hughes at ah.com)
would be the person to ask about infiltrating credit databases, a
secret mailing list, pseudospoofing, conspiracies, and deception.
Again, though, I won't reveal the Eminent Cypherpunk Leader who I quote
to Protect Privacy. Just consider me a patriotic Cypherpunk to the end!

@_date: 1993-11-30 01:27:29
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Eric Hughes & the Cypherpunks Movement 
There was an interesting article in RISKS 15.28x on pseudoanonymity by
E.Hughes. Comments on pseudospoofing and pseudoanonymity by leading
Cypherpunks are *extremely* rare, and we have to prize every one! I
have asked many times and in many variations for more of these precious
gold nuggets, but results have been unrewarding over the past few
weeks. There has been a lot of commotion on the list lately on the
subject of pseudospoofing, and maybe if the Eminent Leaders came out
with a public statement on their personal knowledge, opinion, and
involvement in pseudospoofing many people would be less upset, and the
noise would die down! Just a hypothetical speculation, of course! They
must have excellent reasons for withholding one for this long, even in
the face of tremendous public and private pressure! (If anyone knows
what those reasons are, could you tell me?)
Anyway, on to this letter. The most interesting aspect of it is its
brevity. Many interesting implications were raised in RISKS 15.25 and
15.27 about the cryptoanarchist movement in black marketeering, tax
evasion, and sabotage of governments, and whether Cypherpunks ==
Cryptoanarchists. There was also insinuations of a secret mailing list,
manipulation of others, widespread deception of the media and a massive
hoax and conspiracy, a rampant pseudospoofing effort by the leadership
behind the scenes, even involving customized software, a Cult Religion
of Pseudoanonymity, etc. (You all know the black, sordid story!)
Unfortunately, much to my disappointment, the Eminent Leader did not
comment on any of these issues. But nevertheless I would like to
analyze what little was available.
The major point to make about this person is that everything he writes
is extremely carefully crafted to have a precise, intended effect. I
imagine that he spent a very large amount of time on this short
posting, making sure that it did not contain any incriminating
statements. It is a masterpiece of a deceptive and evasive message that
supposedly appears to `set the record straight' while actually being
completely, utterly empty of any true reassurances or denials.
Interesting the phrasing of `if hypothetical'. There is no indication
of any personal knowledge of the veracity of any of the hypothetical
situations. But! At the same time there is cleverly no statement in the
form, `I am not aware of any' or `I can assure you that they do not
exist' despite that this person would be in a position to issue a
statement of this sort, and that exactly such a statement is what is called for.
This is another extremely clever method of evading any personal
association, accountability, or responsibility for the issues raised.
This eminent leader is personally aware of a massive pseudospoofing
framework, namely his own, yet makes it appear he has no knowledge of
any by requesting information from others. Quite ingenious! This was
very similar to N.Szabo asking others for `pseudospoofing tools' and
`posting sites'. The entire problem with pseudospoofing, of course, is
that in the well-conceived cases only the practitioner has the kind of
`first hand experience' the eminent leader requests.
This is a clever method of (1) attempting to discredit L.Detweiler as
someone who believes that all people who disagree with him are
co-conspirators, and (2) not specifically mentioning those positions,
and (3) reformulating the many issues of RISKS 15.25 which are
extremely wide-encompassing, into a simple question of `a small cabal
on the list' who `disagrees with L.Detweiler'. These are all quite
ingenious ways of `begging the question' so to speak.
Despite the exchange of probably over a hundred messages in my
cypherpunk lifetime with this eminent leader, and reading dozens of his
public postings, I've never seen this eminent leader use a
colloquialism like `ain't' and its appearance, especially in this
context, is quite curious! Notice how he doesn't actually state *what*
isn't so, like `there is no cabal' or `I have no personal knowledge of
anyone posting under fake identities.' Overall this is another
meaningless statement that does not actually imply anything whatsoever.
Note that this statement below does not `set the record straight' on
many of the issues raised, in particular the eminent leader's personal
knowledge of pseudospoofing.
Frankly, I think this is a baldfaced lie. The eminent leader would be
implying, if it were to be taken literally and exactly, that he has
never used the anon.penet.fi server or any account other than one with
his name. What precisely does he *mean* by this statement? How are we
to be sure? We need a direct answer to the question, ``What accounts
have you posted from, and how were they identified?'' I have many
examples of a Medusa claiming `I, Medusa, have never posted or mailed
under any other name than Medusa.' This is because under the fanatic
religion of pseudospoofing, the cultists actually maintain that the
different `personalities' under the assorted `nyms' of a person
actually constitute *different* *people*! This, of course, is a
blasphemous abomination of the English language, warped to their own
ends of deceit, very much like the use of the term `true anonymity' by
N.Szabo or `pseudonym' by J.Gilmore.
This is an interesting statement. Again, I think it is a baldfaced lie.
Notice that the eminent leader writes previously that `I have never
communicated under any name other than Eric Hughes.' All of these
statements would be superflous under that statement, if it were true.
But he finds it necessary to be more specific, for some curious reason.
The question in cyberspace is not about `people', but computer
accounts, as in, `Have you ever posted a message from any of these
accounts'? For example, if E.Hughes sent me mail that ``I have never
been the originator of a message from the G.Broiles site
goldenbear.com'' I would take that as authoritative. But he has never
answered any of my questions in any specific form. Even questions like
`How many pseudoanonymous identities are you using' he (and T.C.May)
refuses to answer.
Hee, hee, `defamatory innuendos' is a clever term. He does not actually
point to any specific `defamatory innuendo' as defamatory! They are
only defamatory if you can state they are false! Also, many of the
comments are not directed at `members of the cypherpunks list' but at
the *leadership*. But we have another ingenious diversion. The eminent
leader implies that a `point by point' statement would be tedious and
unjustified. I assure you, I would prize it beyond anything in my
~3,500 message collection of cypherpunk archives.
Another rather silly statement. Eminent leader E. Hughes, after many
weeks of my trouble, has never answered *either* my `defamatory
innuendoes' or my `specific accusations'. Imagine the sheer artillery
that would be for your hordes of cultists who continue to assault me,
Mr. Hughes! ``Mr. Hughes answered all your charges. Go to hell.''
* * *
Why do I persist at this? Because the Cypherpunks wish to pretend that
they are a respectable organization on the level of EFF or CPSR, with
leaders on par with say, Barlow, Sobel, or Kapor or Godwin. The simple
fact is that they are an obnoxious, arrogant, pathetic, repulsive bunch
of cyber-guerrilas, pseudospoofers, and quasi-criminals who have no
unity other than a Internet mailing list, which itself is used as a
testbed for pseudospoofing perversions on unsuspecting and unwilling
participants and cryptoanarchist disinformation and brainwashing. Oh,
how I have given you the benefit of the doubt, and gone to great
lengths to respect you! But your leaders are either undoubtedly corrupt
or accomplices, with more interest in secret conspiracies,
pseudoanonymity perversions, trust embezzlement, manipulation, and
predation, privacy invasion, pornography, ego assuagement, elitist
clique parties, and aquiring and dazzling their personality worshippers
than anything substantial, such as Internet project development, that
involves things upon which you urinate, like cooperation and openness.
You cling to your elaborate fantasies with gripping white knuckles.
Cypherpunks are blind to the ashes of their arson. `The Tyrant is not
that bad!' `Hell is not such a bad place!' `Look how much we have
accomplished'! You have nothing but gimmicks, trinkets and playthings,
not a `foundation' but deadly quicksand traps. The only observation is
that everything substantial accomplished by others you have done a
great deal to simultaneously take credit for and maliciously sabotage,
and everything you have accomplished is not substantial, and never will
be, as long as you wallow in your gutter. But you are not content to
wallow alone! You must drag the Current Internet and Future Cyberspace
into your filth. I think that real leaders such as Zimmermann, Chaum, Card, and Sterling
should have the sense to not only distance themselves but to condemn
your parties of freakshow perversions. The cypherpunks list is a magnet
for criminal apologists, moral relativists, libertarian extremists,
demogogues, poseurs, and hypocrites. Frankly, I'm quite upset that
respectable journals, like Wired, NYT, and RISKS have been subtly
twisted and corrupted with the depraved Cypherpunk fantasies and lies.
These knotty deceptions take an extraordinary amount of energy to
untangle, and there is enough here to keep historians busy for decades.
I'm grotesquely ashamed to have ever been associated with this sham,
this mockery, this farce, that masquerades as a `group' or a
`movement'. I have even lended credibility to tentacles by quoting them
in my FAQs and in RISKS, oh how that makes me want to vomit. `Anonymity
on the Internet' -- more like Disinformation, Brainwashing, and Lies by
Tentacles. The cypherpunks list does not deserve to be advertised
*anywhere* except as a dark pit to be avoided at all costs, the
cypherpunks Movement is no more meaningful than graffiti spraypainted
on a wall. It was only an infinitesimal whit better when it was just
spread by word of mouth among the conspiring CA slime. Please, go back
to your dark holes where you came from, and take your odious `movement'
with you. Oh, what insidious despicable poison.

@_date: 1993-10-01 20:48:26
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Apple's PowerTalk: *breakthrough* in crypto export? 
it from my source -- perhaps someone can post the info on how to
retrieve the whole article.)
Powertalk is Apple's new `Collaborative Environment' client software,
supposedly to be released next week. Its a sort of groupware-email
package with some significant security & cryptography mechanisms.
Sounds like its very intuitive and a very highly refined user
interface. I suspect this whole platform could have a *major* effect in
bringing seamless, invisible, secure cryptography to the masses -- at
least, reading all the promotional hype, the *potential* is there.
1st? *WOW*
Cypherpunks we need more intelligence on this ASAP! Does this represent
a fundamental *breakthrough* in export policy? Why are they the first?
Is it real live DES and not some strange crippled bit length version?
What does this *mean*?!
red warning flag:
Not sure if this means what it seems to say -- that RSA is *generating*
the private keys and passing them on? We just had that big discussion
about this issue with some other software from Apple, didn't we?
Here's some more from the article of interest to cypherpunks.
  Digital signatures, based on RSA Public Key Encryption, provide a
  secure way of ensuring data has not been altered and was signed by
  a particular person. The mechanism is similar to Kerberos [a
  security system developed at MIT -Adam], which was not mature
  enough at the critical point in PowerTalk development. Apple
  anticipates supporting Kerberos in a future PowerTalk release.
  To sign a document, simply drops it on a Signer icon. A prompt for
  the personal signer code then appears on the screen. If the
  content of the signed document later changes in any way, the
  signature becomes invalid. While being signed, a file
  automatically is locked to avoid inadvertent invalidation. The Get
  Info window of a signed file is used to uncheck the file lock, and
  it contains a Verify button with which the recipient can assert
  the integrity of the file and authenticity of its signature.
  Large companies can become trusted signature issuing agents for
  their employees by obtaining a titanium blackbox with key
  interlocks from RSA. The box contains a certain number oFrom owner-cypherpunks  Sat Oct  2 03:18:43 1993
Received: by toad.com id AA25713; Sat, 2 Oct 93 03:14:17 PDT
Received: by toad.com id AA25695; Sat, 2 Oct 93 03:13:54 PDT
Return-Path: Received: from soda.berkeley.edu ([128.32.149.19]) by toad.com id AA25690; Sat, 2 Oct 93 03:13:51 PDT
Received: by soda.berkeley.edu (5.65/KAOS-1)
As an official Key Escrow Agent of the United States Gubberment, I have
decided that David Sternlight, being a controversial public figure, needs cryptographic protection for his private communications.
Accordingly, a key has been created for him. He has been provided with his
public and secret keys via e-mail. A copy of the secret key will be held
in escrow. In the event that Mr. Sternlight is ever served with a subpoena,
the key will be released to appropriate authorities.
Since Mr. Sternlight has been a vocal advocate of key escrow, I'm sure he
will have no problems with his key being created by an unknown person.
In the absence of a subpoena, Mr. Sternlight, your key is safe.
Trust me. I'm from the gubberment and I'm here to help you.
pub  1024/5C4E59 1993/10/02  David Sternlight Available from a keyserver near you.

@_date: 1993-10-03 19:44:34
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: BBS seizures 
First of all, the Connecticut case you seem to be referring to is that
of Michael Elansky (Hartford). See Computer Underground Digest for full
details. This was *not* email. He had file downloads and kept around
(uh) "fireworks recipes".
We've got to track down these supposed cases where boards were seized
for content. I consider them minor *anomalies*, and I think a rational
analysis of statistics will bear that out. Turning a board into a
systematic exercise in privacy violation is *not* the proper response
to paranoia about law enforcement seizures. This punishes users for the
misdeeds of overzealous officers. Sort of like ``because Steve Jackson
was raided we have to monitor all traffic'' or ``because there are 50K
missing children a year, you can't go outside to play''. Read the
*scalding* decision handed down by the judge in the S.J. case on T.
Foley and decide what the law *really* says about BBS seizures and
operator responsibility.
Don't these Fidonet operators *understand* that by perpetuating the
myth that they are responsible for all traffic on their machines, that
they are actually *playing into* the hands of authorities? they are
*strengthening* the paranoid atmosphere. And in fact I am quite
repulsed by their policies, posted here, that seem to cutely
rationalize systematic invasion of privacy. IMHO FIDOnet operators are
perpetuating that sort of media-hysteria-frenzy associated with illegal
activities on boards by their warped policies. The outcome of Steve
Jackson case should foster glasnost, ease, and freedom among the
operators, but instead it appears to have had the opposite effect on
FidoNet operators, who have done a fine job of erecting a vast,
oppressive network of systematic surveillance more appropriate to the NSA.
But this is absurd. There may be legal expenses associated with any
illegal seizure. One may be subject to seizure and involved in a
judicial process no matter *what* the policies. Would you rather
approach that process saying that `I have no knowledge of illegal
activity, I don't monitor any email traffic' or `uh, as far as I've
seen nothing illegal is going on, and I know *everything* that's going
on' or worse, `gee, somehow that one slipped by'?
At the *very minimum* there should be no restrictions on cryptography
use. And if they want to join cyberspatial society, they are going to
have to drop their silly paranoias and bizarre policies and routine
privacy invasion.
Fidonet operators wallowing in delusion and hysteria appear to have
missed an article by Joe Abernathy in the  Houston Chronicle ~Feb 1, 1993:
  > AUSTIN -- An electronic civil rights case against the Secret
  > Service closed Thursday with a clear statement by federal
  > District Judge Sam Sparks that the Service failed to conduct a
  > proper investigation in a notorious computer crime crackdown,
  > and went too far in retaining  custody of seized equipment.
  >
  > Secret Service Special Agent Timothy Foley of Chicago, who was in
  > charge of three Austin computer search-and-seizures on March 1,
  > 1990, that led to the lawsuit, stoically endured Spark's rebuke
  > over the Service's poor investigation and abusive computer
  > seizure policies.  While the Service has seized dozens of
  > computers since the crackdown began in 1990, this is the first
  > case to challenge the practice.
  >
  > Sparks grew visibly angry when it was established that the Austin
  > science fiction magazine and game book publisher was never
  > suspected of a crime, and that agents did not do even marginal
  > research to establish a criminal connection between the firm and
  > the suspected illegal activities of an employee, or to determine
  > that the company was a publisher. Indeed, agents testified that
  > they were not even trained in the Privacy Protection Act at the
  > special Secret Service school on computer crime.
  >
  > "How long would it have taken you, Mr. Foley, to find out what
  > Steve Jackson Games did, what it was?" asked Sparks. "An hour?
  >
  > "Was there any reason why, on March 2, you could not return to
  > Steve Jackson Games a copy, in floppy disk form, of everything
  > taken?
  >
  > "Did you read the article in Business Week magazine where it had
  > a picture of Steve Jackson -- a law-abiding, tax-paying citizen
  > -- saying he was a computer crime suspect?
  >
  > "Did it ever occur to you, Mr. Foley, that seizing this material
  > could harm Steve Jackson economically?"
  >
  > Foley replied, "No, sir," but the judge offered his own answer.
  >
  > "You actually did, you just had no idea anybody would actually go
  > out and hire a lawyer and sue you."
  >
  > More than $200,000 has been spent by the Electronic Frontier
  > Foundation in bringing the case to trial. The EFF was founded by
  > Mitchell Kapor amid a civil liberties movement sparked in large
  > part by the Secret Service computer crime crackdown.

@_date: 1993-10-03 20:54:43
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: FBI on BBS operator liability (fwd) 
also from
Computer underground Digest    Sun  Oct 3 1993   Volume 5 : Issue 77
                           ISSN  1004-042X
         Account of BBLISA Meeting (posted in CuD      On Wed., Sept. 29, the BBLISA (Back Bay [Boston] Large
Installation Systems Administration Group) group had their monthly
meeting where they hosted both an FBI agent and a federal
prosecutor from the U.S. Attorney General's office.  Both speakers
were knowledgeable about the subject and tried to answer all of the
questions that they could. (I am omitting names as I am not sure of
the correct spelling or titles -- both were substitutes for the
original speakers.)
     After a brief welcoming by the leader of the group, the
prosecutor spoke extensively on the different types of intruders
into systems.  Her particular area of expertise in the field of
"computer crime" is with kiddie porn.  However, she was
knowledgeable on the major topic at hand -- intrusions.
     The most common and least threatening type of break-in artists
are the solo hackers and crackers (usually young males) who break
into systems for the thrill and to brag about their accomplishment.
Usually, they cause little or no damage and no crime is
prosecutable (just utilizing resources is not prosecutable).  By
far, the most serious threat is internal.  Disgruntled workers and
recently dismissed employees cause the most damage and are usually
motivated by revenge and want to inflict injury.  The third type of
intrusion, for-profit, is growing rapidly.  This includes bank and
ATM fraud, among other types of information theft.
     The FBI agent relayed stories about cases he has worked on and
the scope of the FBI office in Boston.  To be investigatable by the
FBI, a monetary or equivalent loss must be $100,000 or the loss
must be shared amongst many different parties.  He also informed us
that there are no agents that just cruise around BBSs looking for
crime.  The FBI is too busy to do that.
     From the information discussed at the meeting, there were some
conclusions and suggestions that were brought out:
  *  System banners informing all users that unauthorized access is
     prohibited and that privacy is limited are helpful.
  *  E-mail is usually considered private unless specifically
     stated otherwise.
  *  System administrators are not obligated to report illegal
     activities that they detect on their systems.
  *  Law enforcement does not like to confiscate systems and will
     usually get the information out of the machine without taking
     it.
  *  To be prosecuted for a crime utilizing a computer, the
     defendant must have prior knowledge of the criminal materials
     or intent.
     For more information on BBLISA, send a message to
majordomo at cs.umb.edu with the subject line: subscribe bblisa.  Next
month's meeting will discuss large-site Internet services.
                                             --Daniel Lieber,
                                               Systems Manager-
                                               _The Vanguard_
                                               at Bentley College

@_date: 1993-10-03 23:19:01
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: WestWord article - YOW! 
I've been putting off responding to the WestWord Zimmermann article
immediately to digest the spectacular prose -- This is a FANTASTIC
article! It *almost* surpasses Markoff for sheer color and technical
mastery! () This is INCREDIBLE propaganda for the cypherpunk cause.
E. Dexheimer writes like he is a cypherpunk list subscriber! We have
*everything*: *pricelessly* memorable quotes by Gilmore, Bidzos,
Denning, Zimmermann, Diffie, Rotenberg. We have a mention of the
Cypherpunks. We have the NSA. Dexheimer has a *dazzling* nose for the
essential areas and most  momentous, and cutting quotes.
A few points to be made. First, it brings deals with the PGP-pedophile
aspect head on and in an ultimately redeeming way. We have to face that
concealing criminal behavior is very intrinsic to cryptographic
techniques, but, as PRZ says, the bottom line is:
This is characteristic of the article's outstanding balance. Virtually
every point of contention is mapped out in critical detail on both
sides. Another example of this is how PRZ rebuts claims of the software
being for personal profit as saying he `has a history of political activism'.
Other amazingly ironic observations in the article stand out. Perhaps
the most damaging quote is completely nullified by a later element of the story:
"Phil Zimmermann? He's a dirtbag," spits out Brian Kennedy, the
detective who headed up the Steen investigation. "He's an irresponsible
person who takes credit for his invention without taking responsibility
for its effect. He's protected people who are preying on children. I
hope that someday he'll get what he deserves."
Later the  ``California computer-crime expert William Sternow called in
on the case'' says:
So we have the stark irony that the `authorities' simultaneously
condemn and praise Zimmermann -- the former when it obstructs their
job, the latter when it aids it.
The other main point to be made is that the author has an
*extraordinary* grasp of the public key and RSA technology (and
virtually every other aspect of the entire complex story). In fact, his
technical description for the layman is so masterful I simply find it
hard to believe Dexheimer has not had previous exposure to the topic.
The quotes are absolutely so sterling I *have* to cut them out.
Cypherpunks, please stick 'em in your signatures.
Finally, regarding the posting, does anybody know anything about all
those groups that were listed by `S. Boxx'? I think I might have been
the first to come up with `CRAM' (in a satirical post on the NY
cybertax) but all those others I thought were disconnected. It looks
like the person is just throwing in a lot of sinister-sounding labels
to upset the police and NSA! a little electronic graffiti!
One other thing -- why is a Colorado newspaper breaking that California
Steen case wide open? Isn't there any press reports on it in
California? Why haven't we seen any from you lazy CA cypherpunks, anyway? ``The task was given to us to decrypt this stuff. And to this day we
have not been able to do it.''
--William Sternow, California computer-crime expert.
(yeah, right -- a `computer crime expert' has a chance at discovering a
polynomial-time factoring algorithm!)
``Phil Zimmermann? He's a dirtbag.  He's an irresponsible person who
takes credit for his invention without taking responsibility for its
effect. He's protected people who are preying on children. I hope that
someday he'll get what he deserves.''
--Brian Kennedy, Sacramento head detective.
``I get mail from people in the Eastern Bloc saying how much they
appreciate PGP-- `Thanks for doing it.' When I'm talking to Americans
about this, a lot of them don't understand why I'd be so paranoid about
the government. But people in police states, you don't have to explain
it to them. They already get it. And they don't understand why we don't.''
``PGP could potentially become a widespread problem.''
--Dorothy Denning, Georgetown University professor and National
Security Agency consultant
(good lord, what a FANTASTIC quote! there is a god!)
``Phil seems very eager to let people believe what he wants them to
believe.  He likes to perpetuate the idea of his being a folk hero.''
--D. James Bidzos, President, RSA Data Securities Inc.
``Phil didn't invent the engine, but he did fit it inside the Ford.''
--David Banisar, analyst, Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility in Washington, D.C. ``PGP has done a good deal for the practice of cryptology.  It's close
to my heart because it's close to my original objectives.''
--Whitfield Diffie, Sun Microsystems
``It's a great program. We recommend in our training to cops that they
use it to encrypt their stuff.''
--Sacramento computer expert William Sternow
``Phil showed that an ordinary guy just reading the papers that already
existed could put together an encryption system that the Nation
Security Agency could break "It took a certain amount of bravery to put
this out, because at the time the government was talking about
restrictions on cryptography.''
--John Gilmore, Cypherpunk founder
``Basically, we said, `What the fuck?' ''
--D. James Bidzos, President, RSA Data Securities Inc.
``I decided to give PGP away in the interests of changing society, which
it is now doing. The whole reason I got involved was politics. I did
not miss mortgage payments in the hopes of getting rich. Just look at
my bookshelf. I'm a politically committed person with a history of
political activism.''
``I respect copyrights. But what we're talking about there is a patent
on a math formula. It's like Isaac Newton patenting Force = Mass x
Acceleration. You'd have to pay royalty every time you threw a baseball.''
``I can't comment on the investigation.''
--William Keane, assistant U.S. attorney, San Hose
``The law just can't keep up with the technology. Somebody in Palo Alto
learns something, and pretty soon somebody in Moscow is going to know
about the same thing. There's nothing you can do about it.''
--PRZ lawyer Phil Dubois
``This is not a black-and-white issue to me.  The thought of a child
molester out there using PGP does keep me up at nights. I think the
benefits will outweigh the cost
to society, though.''
``In the nuclear freeze movement, it was like I was a flea on the back
of a dinosaur," he says. "Now I feel like I'm a hamster on the back of
a dinosaur. Or maybe a poodle.''

@_date: 1993-10-04 00:44:35
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NPR? 
you have committed a major faux paux. please DO NOT QUOTE MY PRIVATE
EMAIL TO CYPHERPUNKS WITH MY NAME. furthermore DO NOT APOLOGIZE TO THE
LIST on this. although, I definitely deserve one privately.
what is it?

@_date: 1993-10-04 16:59:08
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: German writer seeks simple RSA numerical example (fwd) 
actually, something like this should be in a FAQ. but please help him out.
I'm authoring an article for a german computer magazine about PGP and
the RSA public key scheme and I'd like to include an exmaple for my
mathematical explaination. The problem is, that both factors have to
be quite large to get nice examples.
        p = 5    q = 7
        xy = 4*6+1 = 25         x=5
                                y=5
You see, with smaller factors, x and y are equal or 1 and xy. But a
larger set of factors would require a serious amount of calculations.
So, does somebody have a nice example for the RSA algorithm ready??
        bye, Peter

@_date: 1993-10-04 18:54:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: EFF GIF file recall notice: is EFF the new CERT? 
Enclosed, a `GIF file recall' warning from EFF & S. Steele.
Ug. Blech. What the heck is EFF doing something like this? This strikes
me as promoting hysteria and paranoia over image content and BBS
operator liability. I hope Mr. T.C. May will have something eloquent to
say about how silly, useless, and damaging this is. Didn't anyone talk
to M. Godwin about this?! Is EFF the new CERT? Are we going to have new
periodic EFF Pornographic GIF warnings?
S. Steele, I think we deserve better. This gets a definite Cypherpunk
Razzberry award. (And that will probably be the *least* of the
criticism.) Whose idea was this?
This reminds me. There is a whole new class of urban legends that are
starting. Technology does not mean the eradication of urban legends, it
only seems to mean they are propagated faster. Did anyone hear the
rumor (now totally debunked) that California police were warning
motorists not to blink their lights, because it was a signal to gangs
to shoot in an `initation ceremony'? This flashed across the nation in
a few days due to well-meaning, but totally indiscriminating, public
who transmitted it via email and fax machines. Didn't anyone stop to
just say `uh, waitaminit!'
They think *we* (cypherpunks) are paranoid, and easily subscribe to
conspiracy theories. Hah! The public at large is frighteningly
gullible, even *without* the media. In fact, as bad as the media is, it
actually has a dampening force to this kind of sheer hysteria.
`extraordinary public delusions and the madnesses of crowds'.
The trick is to try to get networks to allow urban myths to meet the
dampening force faster. Imagine if early in the spread someone
authoritative comes on and says `there is no substance to this, and we should know'.
------- Forwarded Message
***VERY IMPORTANT***  Critical Files to Remove from Your BBS
EFF has learned that the following graphic image files have been the
subject of a recent federal indictment alleging receipt and possession of
child pornography and transportation of obscene materials through
interstate commerce.  ***EFF STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SYSOPS TO REMOVE THESE
FILES FROM THEIR ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARD SYSTEMS IMMEDIATELY IN ORDER TO
AVOID LEGAL REPERCUSSIONS.***  Please distribute this message widely and
Alleged child pornography files:
PPO4 at .GIF
Alleged adult obscenity files:
ORGY6.ZIP (A DL FILE)
Shari Steele
Director of Legal Services
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G Street, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC  20001
202/347-5400 (voice), 202/393-5509 (fax)
ssteele at eff.org
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-10-05 21:55:09
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: EFF pornography file warning 
Boy, I sure have gotten flamed by the best on this one. And its rather
deafeningly silent on the list. I'm bleeding from shrapnel wounds and
hung out to die. Let me justify a few things. Enclosed:
- why I posted the announcement
- why I flamed EFF
- things that have upset me about this affair
- a classic cypherpunk rant on child pornography worthy of T.C. May
* * *
I posted the announcement to the cypherpunks because
1) there has been a long past history of interest in BBS type investigations
2) there was a huge flame war over CERT sending a notice to E.Hughes
for his FTP site, saying `please look into this'-- this EFF
announcement struck me as amazingly similar. (BTW, I had virtually
nothing to do with that flame war, which was incredibly prolonged)
3) EFF of course is very close to the cypherpunk cause with S.Steele,
M.Godwin, and J.Gilmore regular readers and contributors.
4) consider that comp.org.eff.talk would be another forum, but I
rejected it, because this forum is more private and still watched by EFF.
* * *
Now, why did I flame EFF for this action? In one word: quagmire. I said
it was `silly, useless, and damaging'
1) this opens them up to having to do this *regularly*. Is this what
they want to be doing?
2) since when does EFF help federal BBS investigations?
3) M. Godwin just got done informing us the beauty of *non* liability
with a hands-off BBS operator policy.
4) its silly to post a notice about given filenames. They simply are as
amorphous as cyberspace itself.
5) a recall of any type is a notorious way to generate paranoia,
perhaps a cure worse than the affliction. this kind of message spreads
like wildfire. `What? EFF says file [x] is child pornography?' There
are tens of thousands of BBS operators in the U.S. -- is this a service
or a disservice to them? hence my urban myth ramblings.
6) Releasing this kind of notice only draws more attention to those
files. Suddenly, they become collectors items. People start hunting
them down. People create empty files with the same name as a joke. All
because `EFF says file [x] is child pornography'
7) many other reasons that will become obvious and important in
retrospect, but look like hypersensitivity at this point.
* * *
I'm very upset that
1) everybody on the list is hiding, and refuses to criticize EFF
despite the strong parallels to CERT. at best this is cowardice and at
worst hypocrisy. this tiptoeing and silence is very reprehensible, IMHO.
2) it does not appear to me that EFF has thought this through. this
announcement reflects on EFF. why couldn't they have phrased it
differently? e.g. Agents [x] of government agency [x] have requested
that operators remove these files. As it stands, EFF associates its own
reputation with this investigation and the file recall.
3) there have been requests from EFF representatives to `let it drop'.
well, yes, that is one way of dealing with the issue, but IMHO more
appropriate to a species of animal called `ostriches'.
4) in general, I object to this philosophy found elsewhere on the list
of `if its in our backyard then don't criticize it'. the Fidonet
operators are like this. EFF is like this. The former, in their
cryptophobia and surveillance, are implicitly supportive of the
philosophy of Clipper and the NSA. The latter, EFF, has a critical role
in promoting coolness, not hysteria, among BBS operators.
5) In a rather low blow, S. Steele writes ``I figured those who sought
to challenge the child pornography laws would poo poo the message.  I
guess I figured right.'' For the record, I do not seek to challenge
child pornography laws or federal investigations. My message made
rather clear that I was objecting to the role of *EFF* in the affair.
* * *
Lastly, I guess I'm a little confused.
tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
I tweaked T.C. May in the hope of seeing a message analyzing child
pornography in digitized images over cyberspace, because I thought I
recall him writing a rather amazing essay on the subject some months
ago on the list. Apparently, based on my recent private email exchange,
he wasn't associated with that. I guess I just misremembered because it
seemed like such a classic cypherpunkesque rant in the spirit of his best.
Anyway, as I recall, *someone* about 3 or 4 months ago posted to the
list a remarkable analysis of a brouhaha surrounding the creation of
the group `alt.pictures.erotica.children'. The person talked about
posting a PGP file to the group, as I recall with an anonymous
remailer, and then talked about the fierce reaction (melee?) involved.
The person stated that the group appeared to have been created as a
joke, and the file itself as PGP code was actually not legal syntax for
`plausible deniability' of the author, but nevertheless raised important questions.
The essay talked about the fruitlessness of trying to track down actual
`child pornography' over cyberspace. One of the main points was that
child pornography is not illegal everywhere, as I recall the person
mentioned Denmark as a place where it particularly flourishes. Is a GIF
illegal if it was taken in a country that prohibits it? that's easy.
But what about if it was taken in a country where it was legal and
imported? well, in the U.S. this is illegal too.
But the poster raised a lot of other very fascinating questions that
were highly relevant to pornography in cyberspace. Digital composition
tools allow artist to cut and paste pictures with astonishing realism.
What about a situation where adult models (as young as possible) are
used and child's faces are plastered on top? Or how about the situation
where *entirely imaginary pictures* are created? These are very real
possibilities. Are they illegal too? How is it that just a particular
configuration of pixels constitutes illegal pornography, and another
does not? I think the poster made various humorous remarks about baby
pictures too -- the type of children on bearskin rugs. Shall we
imprison all parents that have taken these? (ug, I can't wait for all
silly flames on the `I know it when I see it' definition of pornography.)
This was my point with the EFF warning: the whole area is a quagmire,
and the only consistent and enforceable philosophy seems to be a `hands
off' approach. It is very likely to evolve in the long-term future
because of all the quandaries. And in particular I was hoping the essay
would pop up again on the list so they could see that perspective.
Anyway, the poster then made some characteristic comments about the
changes that cyberspace will introduce to these kind of pornography
laws. The whole essay was such a brilliant exercise, IMHO, and involved
actual `research' and `analysis', that I guess I just sort of
misremembered T.C. May writing it, but apparently this is not the case.
Anyway, I apologize for the misattribution. Just `attribute the
misattribution' to my degenerating memory for specifics after 35
hundred cypherpunk postings (But I would be fascinated to see that essay again, if anyone has a
clue of what I'm talking about. Hopefully the writer is still on the
list, has it in archives, and can post it. It's highly germane to the
EFF warning, and was a really brilliant cypherpunk document, IMHO. If
I'm just hallucinating over the whole thing, well, maybe its time for
me to unsubscribe  )

@_date: 1993-10-06 23:35:26
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: academician seeks critique of cryptographic paper 
Maybe a cypherpunk will be interested in this.
BTW - Look at the disclaimer this guy has in his signature. The effect
of this ITAR nonsense is absolutely chilling. He says he has talked to
`the NSA & State Dept.' before he `publishes' to the INTERNET!
I have some other examples of how the Zimmermann-Ward affair is
chilling e.g. current book publishers.
Sorry, header lost in transit.
To anyone with a technical interest in cryptography:
I am finishing the draft of a paper detailing a new mathematical
approach to cryptography and am looking for a few technical peer
reviewers who would be willing to critique the paper prior its to
publication via the Internet. A quick summary:
   - the revised paper will be published via the Internet and the
     mathematical basis, theory and concepts will be _freely_
     available to everyone and may be freely redistributed for non-
     commercial use (ie, non-resale).  (The paper is copyrighted
     and all rights are reserved)
          [see footnote regarding ITAR/export issues]
   - this approach to cryptography is strongly based on physical
     laws, particularly the laws of thermodynamics, to achieve its
     security (instead of the normal approach of relying on "hard"
     number-theoretic problems).  [I am a physicist be training,
     not a pure mathematician, hence the bias].  The technology to
     be presented is believed to provide a level of cryptographic
     security that is totally immune to cryptanalysis.
   - Summary of content
       :  mathematical and physical principles involved
       :  encryption methodology  (general approaches)
            :  substitution ciphers, transposition ciphers and
               superencipherment
       :  application to key management        :  application to secure Identification and Authorization
       :  application to data, fax, video and voice encryption
   - Sample software implementations, detailed algorithms and
     detailed technical information will be made freely available
     to U.S. and Canadian citizens as provided for by ITAR and U.S.
     State Department regulations  [see ITAR/export footnote]
   - the technology and sample implementations have been reviewed
     and evaluated by the National Security Agency, which found
     them to be cryptographically "robust".     - reviewers' comments and criticisms will be greatly appreciated
     and used to clarify and improve the presentation of the
     concepts and methodology.
Anyone who is interested to peer reviewing this paper should
contact me via e-mail at richardr at netcom.com .  In addition, if you
know someone who you feel would be an appropriate reviewer, please
either forward this message to them or, alternatively, send me
their e-mail address and I will contact them to see if they are
interested.  If you are interested also reviewing the detailed algorithms,
technical data and sample programs, please include the following
information in your e-mail message to me:
     1.   Your citizenship (must be USA or Canadian)      2.   Your willingness to comply with relevant export laws.
     3.   Your willingness to comply with relevant usage terms           (ie, no commercial, resale use).
     4.   Your Internet e-mail address and the country in which
          your e-mail host resides.
Sorry for the inconvenience but this is necessary to avoid legal
hassles that I have neither the resources nor the inclination to
get involved with at this time.  This information is required
_only_ if you want a copy of the detailed technical information. The paper on the mathematical basis and principles is available to
Richard Robertson          richardr at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-06 23:55:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Epistle Whit Speaks in Maryland 
What a guy.
``PGP has done a good deal for the practice of cryptology.  It's close
to my heart because it's close to my original objectives.''
--Whitfield Diffie, Sun Microsystems
Conference in Maryland? Maybe some of those NSA spooks will learn something :)
------- Forwarded Message
                    Distinguished Lecture Series
                              sponsored by
                   The Department of Computer Science
                 The Department of Information Systems
          The Maryland Center for Telecommunications Research
                University of Maryland Baltimore County
                 KEY ESCROW, PRIVACY, AND GOOD BUSINESS
                            WHITFIELD DIFFIE
                            SUN MICROSYSTEMS
The U.S. Federal Government is pushing a plan to adopt a federal
standard cryptographic system whose workings are secret and which
enables the government to read messages whenever it considers this
We will examine the implications not only for personal privacy, but for
the future of the American computer and communications industries in a
global economy in which no country is any longer big enough to dictate
the rules.
                                -- o --
Whitfield Diffie, who holds the position of Distinguished Engineer at
Sun Microsystems, is best known for his 1975 discovery of the concept of
public key cryptography, for which he was recently awarded a Doctorate
in Technical Sciences (Honoris Causa) by the Swiss Federal Institute of
For a dozen years prior to assuming his present position in 1991, Diffie
was Manager of Secure Systems Research for Northern Telecom, functioning
as the center of expertise in advanced security technologies throughout
the corporation.  Among his achievements in this position was the design
of the key management architecture for NT's recently released PDSO
security system for X.25 packet networks.
Diffie received a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1965.  Prior to becoming
interested in cryptography, he worked on the development of the Mathlab
symbolic manipulation system --- sponsored jointly at Mitre and the MIT
Artificial Intelligence Laboratory --- and later on proof of correctness
of computer programs at Stanford University.  He is the recipient of the
IEEE Information Theory Society Best Paper Award for 1979 and the IEEE
Donald E. Fink award for 1981.
                   1:00pm Wednesday, October 20, 1993
                             Lecture Hall 5
               Engineering and Computer Science Building
                University of Maryland Baltimore County
                           Baltimore Maryland
            coffee and discussion  2:00pm-3:00pm in ECS 210I
   For additional information, contact Angie Silanskis, 410-455-3000.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-10-07 00:45:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: on the cypherpunks mailing list & me 
Note: please do not forward this. This is for cypherpunk readers only.
- list inundation & splitting
- an introspective note
- anonymous feedback
* * *
List moderator E.Hughes has repeatedly stated on the list that he is
not going to split it, although the exact reason is unclear (and I
don't think has ever been stated). A few weeks ago I posted a
suggestion of a possible list split in desperation of the piles of
incoming messages, hoping popular opinion would change his mind or
evince a proactive solution. I too was very saddened and frustrated by
the apparent attrition of list subscribers not because of lack of
interest but because of traffic.
I am under the impression that there is an extraordinary recent
interest in the `cause' from recent press reports, and that a 3x
increase in subscribers, say, would mean a 3x increase in traffic, to
which a split is a natural solution (like with newsgroups). But
apparently E.H. thinks that increasing flames are the fundamental
problem. I guess I'm a bit perplexed by this, because there have been
knee-deep flames ever since I started subscribing over a half year ago,
and I think they are a bit unavoidable, especially given the inherently
ornery and raucous nature of the crowd and the `cause'. Apparently he
didn't get any significant support for a split from my posting.
Anyway, the bottom line is that E.H. is vehemently opposed to
personally implementing any list split whatsoever, but is supportive of
anyone starting another.
I'd like to send out a CALL to anyone who has the capability and
commitment to create some new lists. Also, an alt.cypherpunk group
would be very easy to create, and certainly does not preclude anyone
from staying here. The newsgroup might be more appropriate to much of
the traffic on the list and might help relieve it of all the postings
E.H. considers extraneous. There are disadvantages (`the Sternlight
factor') but on the other hand we're all drowing in email. It really is
a pity all the fresh neophytes and enthusiastic souls that are
hemorraging or scared away from the `cypherpunks' because of too much
traffic that could be channelled better -- keeping everyone that's
interested `wired'. We have reached `critical mass' as far as press
coverage IMHO, and now is the time to act.
Finally, E.H. was a bit annoyed by my message calling for list split
suggestions, which gave his private mail box instead of the service
address cypherpunks-request at toad.com. My reasoning in posting his other
address was that I thought he didn't want the subscribe/unsubscribe
hotline cluttered with a lot of list split suggestions. I guess my only
consolation is that there weren't too many. So, my apology Mr. Hughes
for indirectly cluttering your mailbox with annoying stuff.
* * *
ahem, well, I tend to post a lot to the cypherpunk list out of sheer
enthusiasm, and tend to get a lot of flames publicly and in my mailbox
for dancing around especially controversial topics. But my mail tends
to be very contradictory in reaction to posts. In particular, its been
simultaneously encouraging and very excruciating lately, and
specifically I have gotten extraordinarily hostile mail from some
prominent cypherpunks I desperately wish to respect. They suggest that
my postings have gotten alarmingly out of hand, maybe even to the point
that it would be better if I stopped altogether, or even was *barred* from posting.
So, I'm rather teetering on a precipice right now in very serious ways
you can't imagine, and in the interest of better serving the group and
the cypherpunk cause, if you have strong feelings on the
appropriateness of various subjects that I post frequently on, please
send me some email. I'm enclosing various anonymous comments below to
help spur your own.
I guess of all the things I do regularly here, to me the most upsetting
reaction below is that my `L.D. cypherpunk awards', which I intend in
the best spirit to help recognize fellow cypherpunks for their
especially commendable efforts and contributions to the list, in what I
thought was a completely frivolous, harmless, and facetious way, are
considered poor or bad taste. I get quite a kick out of `handing them
out', and have gone to some trouble in at least one case to ask the
recipient beforehand, and thought that everyone thought they were good
clean fun,  but apparently not. If I have offended anyone in the past
for them, let me apologize right now.
One thing I have gone through a lot of trouble for a long time is to
forward relevant material. I think this is one of the best ways I have
served the group, and it takes a lot of time, attention, and poring
through other mailing lists. And in fact I think a major part of future
cyberspace will reward this kind of effort in directing raw information
more readily. Right now, its not only a thankless job, but one to get
flamed over. I've hinted about it before and got strong reaction that
even important Usenet postings are appreciated, esp. for some people
that don't have news access and also like it as a way of filtering the
noise. And I'm very hurt by strong comments below that complain about
I think it strange when some people complain they have seen something
I've posted before. Am I a mindreader? Seeing something more than once
in cyberspace is something *everyone* has to deal with. Why am I the
scapegoat? The things I foward, mostly from obscure mailing lists, I
think are generally *not* found on various newsgroups prior to my
posting it. And I am always greatly both amused and annoyed when
someone reposts something that I was the first to post to the list.
OTOH, though, in light of all these comments, I have decreased my
forwarding activity to a large degree lately to some extent because of
this critical mail.
Another fairly common complaint in the comments is `acting bossy'. I
guess this ties in with the cypherpunk awards. I want to make it clear
that all my posts urging action are mere suggestions. I guess I
volunteer them in the spirit of sitting around a table, saying `what
can we do?' and throwing in my own shot. This is also a way of spurring
other people's comments. Also, I often make `calls to cypherpunks'--but
these are partly satirical. I'm nothing but another string of ASCII
characters. Whenever I get out of hand, though, please call me on it --
but quote the text. I guess some people might have gotten especially
annoyed when I went from `[x] gets my vote as cypherpunk of the week'
to `[x] gets an L.D. cypherpunk award.' I thought it was an innocuous
and natural progression but apparently not.
One respondent below really focused on my excitement as `causing
flames' or `inviting flames'. It seems to me the only thing that truly
`invites flames' is a direct personal insult, and I've stayed away from
that from my whole experience. If my postings are controversial, I
can't really be responsible for  hostile reactions. The whole essence
of cypherpunk ideology is controversial.  Part of the point of a
mailing list is to be provocative and get a discussion going, explore
all the points. And yes, it leads to a high profile. I don't feel
apologetic for any of this.
Not coincidentally, some of the hottest flame wars I've been involved
in have been over the most basic cypherpunk causes. Some time ago
someone, I forget who, suggested we abandon PGP for RSADSI software
because of the patent problem. You can imagine the flames that caused.
Another person suggested we change the name `cypherpunk' to something
less `subversive' like the Privacy Group or something equally bland. I
flamed searingly against both and stand by my positions proudly today.
(Curiously, these anomalous sentiments have not reappeared after the
blaring NYT article touting the *cypherpunks* or even after the recent
PGP subpoenas.) I'm also proud to have flamed people like Denning and
Bidzos long before it was fashionable.  (Seriously, though, there
was a time when saying that she had anything to do with the NSA would
be branded a `conspiracy theory'. Actually, that's what I flamed her for.)
Many posters object to my verbosity. Yes, I tend to be verbose,
especially when in an especially excited or analytical mood. But both
the English language use and average attention span has decayed
steadily over time, perhaps due to `television stupor' and `educational
passivity'. If anyone has seen old newspapers or classic writing, `big
sentences' are no big deal. I don't feel like apologizing for
exercising a large vocabulary or writing complex sentences.
Another bone of contention was my analytical postings, wherein I pick
apart an article. I don't think people realize how tricky this is.
Criticism is a very subtle and delicate art. In many ways it is more
difficult than simple writing itself. And I object to anyone asking for
less analysis on the list. This is where we get valuable `intellgence'
that *demands* analysis. IMHO, if anything, we need more of it -- we
already have plenty of Usenet-style one-liner replies. I think its a
pity not more people do this in a systematic way.
I have not actually always attached much significance to analysis since
being on the list.  I got the idea that systematic critiques were
really fascinating for list readersfrom one I read by someone, I forget
who, regarding the initial Newsweek article on Clipper. It pointed out
what a favorable article it was for the cypherpunk cause. After that, I
realized how energizing a cogent analysis can be and have been making a
habit of it ever since. I must admit the technique is dear to my heart.
Anyway, I've gotten both positive and negative feedback on my analyses.
Some people complain of my volume of postings. I generally give little
credence to comments along the lines ``you post too much.'' In a simple
way these sometimes amount to ``I'm drowning in email, and I've seen a
lot of your posts lately.'' (Well, I bang my head on my disk quota
everyday too.) Worse, though, some strike me as petty and meanspirited

@_date: 1993-10-07 01:15:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: writing & copyrights in cyberspace 
Joe Thomas This subject has interested me for a long time and I've posted on it to
the list a long time ago. There was a recent article by someone in CUD
(I forget who) that closely reflects my own thinking. Since this is
kind of a borderline relevant list topic, I won't include it here, I'll
just give the reference:
The author talks about using digital cash and a sort of shareware
system, and also makes reference to the idea of hypertext links that
charge tolls when traversed, all based on the idea of digital cash.
There are numerous CUD FTP sites, but see e.g.
note: if you retrieve the file without the .z suffix the system will
automatically decompress on the fly.
Also, this is not the first time I've seen a reference to the Xanadu
system. It must be pretty influential but I haven't gotten around to
reading about it yet. Anyway, precise reference:
AUTHOR(s):       Nelson, Theodor Holm.
TITLE(s):        Literary machines :  the report on, and of, Project Xanadu
                   concerning word processing, electronic publishing,
                   hypertext, thinkertoys, tomorrow's intellectual revolution,
                   and certain other topics including knowledge, education and
                   freedom /  Theodor Holm Nelson.
                 Ed. 87.1.
                 Swarthmore, Pa. :  Theodor H. Nelson,  1987.
                 1 v. (various pagings) :  ill. ;  22 cm.
                 Includes bibliographical references.
OTHER ENTRIES:   Word processing (Office practice)
                 Microcomputers  Programming.
                 Electronic publishing.
                 Self-publishing  Data processing.
                 Project Xanadu.
Finally, I have a lot of collections of postings from mailing lists on
the subject, e.g. related to an article in Wired by M. Chrichton ``The
Death of the Media'', but will not dig them out without a sufficient incentive

@_date: 1993-10-09 20:25:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Richard Stallman speaks at Michigan 
some cypherpunks may be interested in this ...
Sender: streak%nv.engin.umich.edu at srvr4.engin.umich.edu
[Please redistribute WIDELY, to anyone who may be interested.  Thanks!]
        Richard Stallman will give a talk entitled "Protecting the Freedom to Write Software: The new software monopolies, and what we can do about them" on
Wednesday, November 17, from 7pm to 9pm, in Auditorium 3 of the Modern Languages Building (MLB).  The MLB is at the corner of E. Washington St. and
Thayer St. on U of M's Central Campus in Ann Arbor.  All are welcome to attend,
and admission is free.
        Stallman is one of the founders of the League for Programming Freedom,
an organization whose goal is to protect the freedom to write programs. Specifically, the League aims to abolish two recently established legal
concepts which it feels restrict programmers' freedom to do their work: interface copyright and software patents.  Stallman will speak about how interface copyright and software patents originated and why they hurt both computer users and programmers.
        In the field of software, Richard Stallman is best known for developing the popular Emacs text editor while working at the MIT Artifical Intelligence lab between 1971 and 1984.  Today he is working to develop the free UNIX-compatible software system known as GNU.  In 1990,  Stallman received
a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship; he also received the 1990 ACM Grace Hopper
Award for his work on Emacs.         Stallman's talk is being sponsored by the U of M and Ann Arbor
chapters of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the Wayne State University ACM, the Wayne State University CS Department, and the CSE Divison of the University of Michigan.  The Association for Computing Machinery was
formed in 1947 as the society for the computing community; its members are
students and professionals interested in all aspects of computing.  For more information on this or other UMACM activities, contact Ted Belding (Ted.Belding at umich.edu, streak at engin.umich.edu, or (313) 994-9573) or Sarah Granger (sgranger at engin.umich.edu or (313) 741-9318).  For information about the Ann Arbor ACM, contact Susan Haynes (haynes at emunix.emich.edu or (313) 487-4446).
Ted Belding, UMACM Chair

@_date: 1993-10-10 23:36:44
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Identity Tracking through Databases (fwd) 
PRIVACY Forum Digest       Sunday, 10 October 1993       Volume 02 : Issue 32
          Moderated by Lauren Weinstein (lauren at vortex.com)
            Vortex Technology, Woodland Hills, CA, U.S.A.
Greetings.  This is going to be a somewhat complex message, but I feel
that it's an important one, so please try to bear along with me.
Also, I must ask that anyone who wishes to forward any information from this
message please forward the entire message and keep it intact and complete
with all attributions--any further excerpting from this material could be
extremely confusing, to say the least.
A few days ago, in my capacity as PRIVACY Forum moderator, I received an
e-mail submission from Patrick Townson, politely asking if I would consider
publishing it in the digest.  (Pat is moderator of the TELECOM digest; we
have various communications regarding digest matters from time to time.)
The submission was essentially an ad promoting a new service he is offering.  I informed him that my policy is not to run ads, though
particular products and services may be mentioned in the context
of informational or discussion messages submitted to the Forum.  However, the particular ad in question is potentially of significant
importance to readers of PRIVACY Forum, and brings to a sharp focus
a number of issues which we've had bouncing around for sometime, with
seemingly little action.  So, I asked for and received permission from
Pat to publish excerpts from his ad, as well as excerpts from our
private communications that occurred after I read his original submission.
I've attempted to keep these excerpts in context, and I'll have additional
comments as we go along.  Once again, I'm sorry about the complexity of
this message.    ----
EXCERPTED MATERIAL BEGINS BELOW.  Omitted material is indicated by
"..." in the text.  The original complete message was widely distributed
on Usenet, as indicated by the "Newsgroups" field below.
Newsgroups: comp.society.privacy,alt.privacy,misc.consumers,
                      DIGITAL DETECTIVE
I wish to announce my recent aquisition of some databases which are
primarily used by skip-tracing, investigative and government agencies
to locate people, any assets they may have, and other pertinent and
personal details of their lives.
These databases are being made available to anyone who wishes to have
access to them. The charges are simply being passed along, 'at cost'
based on what I am paying. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER TRACING:
You provide an SSN. I will advise you of all the names which have
been used with this SSN, and the addresses which go with each. Or
it can be the other way around: you supply an exact name and address
(it can sometimes be a former address), and I will supply you with
the SSN used by that person.
      Cost for each lookup, either direction is $60.00
PEOPLE FINDER:
You provide a name. Any name okay, but very common names will
render a useless list. Middle initials and last known address is
requested if possible.  You'll receive a listing of every person who
has that name, along with other data:
     New address if they moved;
     Telephone number provided the number is published;
     Residence type;
     Length of residence;
     Gender;
     Date of birth;
     Up to four other household members and their dates of birth.
For additional information, People Finder also can provide a neighbor
listing which includes up to ten neighbors, their addresses, phone
numbers and residence types. It can be searched by telephone number only: You provide the phone
number, I will respond with the person's profile and neighbor listing.
Or it can be searched by address only, with the same results.
      Cost for each lookup is based on how extensive the search
      is.                 Both address/phone trace      $90
CONSUMER CREDIT REPORTS:
Consumer Credit reports availale from one bureau,     $60
Consumer Credit reports available from three bureaus, $100
I need two things:
  1. The name and address of the person, plus SSN if possible.
  2. A *signed* statement that your request is for bonafide,
     legal reasons, i.e. you are considering an extension of
     credit to the person, or possibly employing them, etc. I
     cannot proceed without this signed statement.
Has someone ever filed bankruptcy?  The database will tell you
if they have or not. Not all federal districts are yet installed
but for those that are in the database, I can get you the details:
Criminal History records available at $75-100 per jurisdiction you
request searched.       Want to know if someone has ever been in prison?
      Want to know if someone has ever been sued, or been a
        defendant in a criminal action?
Death Records can be provided in various formats:
      By SSN only - is the holder of that SSN deceased or not?  $30
      By name - a more detailed account of their demise         $40
Drivers Records can be pulled but the exact name and DOB
is essential; otherwise if you have the full driver's license
number, the search can be reversed, providing a name and DOB
plus address. (Then use People Finder address trace on them.)   $65
    [ Various other information types listed omitted.  -- MODERATOR ]
Information should be available to everyone, not just the lawyers
and bankers and government agencies. I'll provide information to
anyone, at anytime from the categories above. Hope to hear from
you soon with your requests.
Here's to successful snooping! Get the goods on your friends and
enemies alike. An imposter/fraud/con-artist on the net? Expose them
in a detailed message with stuff you get from the database. Patrick Townson
for DIGITAL DETECTIVE
      >>> End of excerpted material from original submission <<<
After reading the original ad, I had a number of exchanges with Pat
regarding the possible negative reactions to this service among
the PRIVACY Forum readership.  Here are some excerpts from
that discussion.
   ----- Excerpts from followup messages begin below -----
Say whatever you like. I would ask that you point out a couple of
pertinent things however:
1. All the information is gleaned from public sources. You'll find
very few non-pub phone numbers for example unless the person used it
someplace. And *yes* there are public sources of SSN's ... I know where, you don't know where, so you pay me to tell you where or at
least produce the results.
2. All information is available free of charge to anyone who wants to
go to the sources and get it himself. I'm placing myself in the middle
as the 'gopher' ...I'll go fetch the information if you pay me. When
I say 'free of charge if you get it yourself' I am not including the
occassional cost of making copies, etc. That much is assumed.
Regards criminal histories for example, if someone does not like the
information being given out, then their real beef is with the concept
of free, open to the public trials in the USA. In every courthouse in
America, anyone is free to walk in, sit down and observe a trial going
on. We do not have secret trials in the USA.  So I am free to observe
you on trial, and you are free to observe me on trial. It should
follow then that we are free to exchange information with each other
about trials we have observed. About 85 percent of the counties in the USA gladly supply transcripts
and summaries of judgments regards criminal cases in their jurisdiction
to anyone who asks for them (plus again, the copy costs etc). It is not
feasable for you to come to Chicago and visit our courthouse, nor for me
to visit the courthouses in California. So we cooperate with each other
by you looking up things for me there and me looking up things for you
here. It then should follow that a logical next step is to put it all
on a computer; all researchers contibute their data to the common
database. And so it goes. All I do is fetch the records you have created about
yourself as a service for people who don't want to go to the trouble
of fetching them for themselves.
3. Regards credit bureaus:  Anyone can be a commissioned sales agent
for the credit bureaus as long as they sign up with the bureaus to do
that. You'll note I refuse to pull bureau files without your signed
statement saying that you have a lawful purpose, ie an extension of
credit or possible employment, etc. This puts the burden on you. In
fact the bureaus themselves say in their contracts that they release
information to their clients making the assumption the client has a
lawful right to the information. If not, its your ass .. not theirs.
If a bureau is pulled on you, you later find out and ask me why,
I refer you to the person who purported to be lawfully inquiring.
Doing so, I've met the requirements of the law.
It is all public information except for the consumer credit reports,
and for those the people who own the data base which I use absolutely
insist on meeting all legal requirements.
4. Finally, it is only because we have computers that we can keep
records in the prolific way we do.  Do you also object to manual
record keeping?  Or is your complaint only that because it is
computerized it has become so much easier for the average person to
Remember, YOU are the person who gave out your SSN (I do not do the
trace from government records but from public collections) ...
YOU are the person who registered your telephone number in a
directory of same with your address, etc. If you don't like people collecting information, don't give them any
to collect, and get the law changed so that like in Russia you can
be tried in secret and taken away in the middle of the night. Then
there won't be any information for the public to look at regards what
you were convicted of.
Please summarize the above as my response to negative comments.
[ Below, text after ">" is from Lauren, other text is from Pat ]:
Well, then you better go to work on getting the First Amendment
repealed or greatly modified addressing the issue of what people are permitted to say to other people, etc. If you feel I should be  forbidden
to speak about your SSN, so be it.  Get the law changed and make sure
it is constitutional.
I want people to see how easy it is. I want enough people doing it
that the cost of accessing the databases comes down from sixty dollars
for an SSN to sixty cents!  I want getting all sorts of info on your
neighbors, enemies, employers and employees to be as easy as pushing
a few keys on your keyboard. Nope, won't affect business at all because people have a short
attention span. They will read it, cluck their tongues and by next
week have forgotten. At my former employment I used to give seminars
on how to collect bills. I gave these to employees of companies
working collection. Afraid it would cut back the business they sent to
our firm?  Not at all. For a week or two, yes .. then they forget and
go back to their old ways.  Same thing here.
Big firms, lawyers, bankers, law enfocement; they all get into the same
information I use. Why shouldn't you be able to get into it also?  You think
if the laws are changed the lawyers won't somehow exempt themselves anyway?
 ... And as my ex-employer used to say, there is plenty of money to be made
in collections and investigations by staying one hundred percent within
the law ... no need to hack government data bases, no need to steal
files from the credit bureau, no need to break into computers ... Someone wrote me and said getting into the NCIC was illegal (they were
referring to my criminal histories database) ... hell, I get no where
near NCIC .. I just use the combined efforts of researchers all over
the USA who visit their courthouse daily to pull the new files for
review; ditto with the Real Property transactions, tax records, voting
records, etc .. ... but bear in mind if you try to censor the information
you are treading dangerously into First Amendment stuff ...
I thought it would make for great fun. Other than yours, the only
letters I am answering on this are the ones which contain credit card
numbers or EFT instructions ... and orders are coming in already.
The neat thing about public information is you cannot be guilty of
libel or slander when you distribute it as long as you do not embellish upon it.  And my answers to inquiries go out ALWAYS as
  "In consulting the XXX database, I noted the XXX database
  made the following statement(s) and/or allegation(s):
    (then the record)
  "If what was recorded in the XXX database is not correct,
  then the subject of the inquiry made at your request should
  notify the XXX database management of the error(s) and take
  appropriate action to correct the database record."
It is never me claiming or alleging anything.... just telling
you what I found out when I read the record. Same as the old
credit bureau routine. Since I dont personally keep the rcords like
the credit bureau does, it is not even within my power to correct
the records.
Obviously, that old First Amendment needs to be greatly modified, eh?
    ----- End of excerpts from followup messages -----
Lauren here again.  I think the above should give the flavor of the
discussion and the related issues.  We had some other discussions where I
pointed out that the First Amendment wasn't really the issue, since it was
not absolute, and that I felt some form of required "informed consent"
(e.g., requiring firms to get written permission from customers from whom
they obtain SS etc. before making it available to any commercial
databases) would be a big help.
But here's the *real* issue.  If we assume that Pat is right in his
statements that all of the information to which he has access is
legally distributable, it goes far to pointing out what an utter
disgrace the state of privacy and privacy laws in this country
have become.   Pat is certainly correct that many organizations already apparently have
access to all of this data.  All he's doing, seemingly, is trying to make a
buck by providing "broader" access to the info.  While one can argue that
this is a very unfortunate thing to be doing, due to the range of new abuse
that could potentially occur, it is also true that many crooks *already*
have access to all this info, and that the information is already widely
Pat also suggests that there won't be any sustained opposition to
such information releases--that most people have a very short attention
span, will just read the message, and promptly forget about it.
Is he right?
The real problem is not with Pat's service, of course.  The problem is that
what should be private information is flowing around with such utter lack of
sensible controls.  If there were reasonable controls, it would be
impossible for Pat's service, or many other similar services that cater to
other customers out there, to be operational.
There is certainly a philosophical underpinning to all of this.  By analogy,
Pat's view that everyone should have access to all the information available
on everybody seems similar to the view that the way to solve the violent
crime problem is to make sure that everyone in the country is carrying a gun
at all times and is provided with plenty of ammunition.  While some will no
doubt agree with both of these concepts, hopefully many of us do not.
It should now be crystal clear that the privacy situation in this country
is in shambles.  You can't just sit there, read this, and then file it
off and forget it.  Sooner or later, and most likely sooner, *you*
are going to be affected.
And just exactly what, my friends, are we going to do about it?

@_date: 1993-10-10 23:39:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Clipper Q&A (fwd) 
PRIVACY Forum Digest       Sunday, 10 October 1993       Volume 02 : Issue 32
          Moderated by Lauren Weinstein (lauren at vortex.com)
            Vortex Technology, Woodland Hills, CA, U.S.A.
21 Sep 93; 14:00-15:30; Room 317 of the Baltimore Convention Center
Track "E" (Tutorials & Presentations) -- KEY ESCROWING ISSUES
{ This is an incomplete "transcribble" of what was said, a personal
  precis if you will, not a court-ordered wiretap. ;{D }
Cast: Mr. Len McNulty (National Security Standards & Technology),
Dr. Clinton Brooks (Advisor to the Director, NSA),
Mr. Al MacDonald (Special Assistant to the Assistant Director of
                  Technical Services, FBI),
Dr. Dorothy Denning (Georgetown University),
Mr. Miles Schmidt (Manager of Security Advisory Group, NIST),
Mr. Daniel Weitzner (Senior Staff Council, Electronic Frontier Foundation)
{ Transcribbler's Note: I've done the best I can with what I heard,
  but cross-checking against the Preliminary Participants List proved
  to be useless so there may be some misheard/spelled names & titles. }
McNulty chaired the panel and gave a background briefing on the "Clipper
Chip/Skipjack Algorithm" broughaha.  Bottom line: NIST saw a requirement
for high grade encryption for voice and data throughout the private sector
but also saw the need to retain the ability to wiretap under court order.
{ Transcribbler's Note: Anyone needing background details (1) hasn't been
  paying attention to the media or fora and (2) can get them there. }
Brooks gave the NSA side -- NIST came to NSA in search of help with the
encryption.  The policy folks wrangled long and hard over installing a
backdoor, but concluded that any such weakening would be self-defeating.
Brooks went into detail about the workings of the key escrow process.
Bottom line: The algorithm HAS to be kept secret other wise someone could
reverse-engineer a box that would interoperate with an escrowed Clipper.
This box could then "lie" in the LEAF (Law Enforcement Access Field) and
thus be invulnerable to court-ordered breakback.
MacDonald gave the FBI's version -- Wiretap is a rarely used, last ditch
technique necessary to protect the country and the private individual.
MacDonald cited the use of wiretap in a "kiddy porn" kidnap/murder case.
Unfortunately, he presented NO hard data on the pros & cons, just opinion.
Bottom line: Wiretap is too useful a tool for Law Enforcement to give up
without a fight, so they're fighting.
Denning gave a synopsis of the work to date on breaking Skipjack.  (The
interim report is available on the Internet.)  Bottom line:  Recognizing
that the analysis was done under considerable time pressure, it bears out
NSA's claim that Skipjack is high quality (comparable to military grade)
Weitzner presented the EFF position -- The EFF Electronic Privacy Working
Group shares the Government's goal of providing the users with choice as
to how (or if) they would protect their privacy.  A truly voluntary, well
functioning escrow system is appropriate to look at and test as one of the
many alternatives that people who need security and privacy have to work
with.  They are not taking the position that no escrow system should be
implemented at all (although there is an EFF faction that doubts that the
government is the appropriate escrow agent).  For the EFF, the critical
test will be whether or not the US export restrictions on cryptography
are relaxed.  Bottom line: EFF wants to make certain that it is a truly
voluntary system, not mandated by law.
( Various questions from the floor to the panel )
(Someone questioned the academic rigor of the Skipjack Analysis.)
A: Analysis was as good as could be done in the time available.
(Cliford Ockersmith, Intel, wanted to know why Intel had been excluded
from manufacturing the Clipper chip.) A: They haven't been.  (There IS an
issue because Clipper is a hardware standard, and Intel doesn't want to
retool to meet this standard.)
(It appears that the only time Clipper is vulnerable is when it is being
keyed.) A: The various parts of the Skipjack keys are NEVER in the clear
outside of the box that does the keying, even during a legal breakback.
(What happens to a chip once it's been brokenback?) A: The wiretap process
includes notifying the chip owner that it has been wiretapped. (What about
a gift certificate for a new chip in the letter?) A: [ laughter ]
(Someone asked again about making the algorithm public.) A: [ see above ]
Also, this is a voluntary standard, you don't have to use it.
(Question about terrorists voluntarily using other high grade encryption.)
A: No change from today.
(Question about identifying with whom one is securely conversing.)
A: Not part of Clipper.  (Phone companies market Caller-Id.)
(Unidentified person handed out "A Scientific Statement on Clipper Chip
Technology and Alternatives" at the exits.) A: Thank you. [ adjourn ]
                          -----------
The preceding has the legal status of hearsay, so don't quote anybody.

@_date: 1993-10-12 22:39:57
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pornography & the ``cypherpunk cause'' 
First of all, a clarification. I raised this issue with EFF because I'm
utmostly concerned about upholding their sterling image, not because I
am trying to start a flame war or engage in a sniper attack. If I had
sent email to a few key people there I would have gotten nowhere (as my
email actually proves). Here we have a *small personal forum* to
discuss this in *unemotional* terms. I raised it in that spirit and am
very disillusioned to see it all dragged through the gutter by many
respondents. People are reacting like I've said, There Is No Cypherpunk
Cause or Eric Hughes and T.C. May Are Traitors.
So, I'm quite relieved that D. Frissell has posted some cool comments
on case law and others who have focused on the issue of *operator
knowledge* related to the law, which was one of my chief concerns from
the beginning.
* * *
S. Steele The bulletin strongly suggests that the files constitute illegal child
pornography. therefore, that would imply to a sensible operator that
the age of the people pictured is not above that allowed for legal pornography.
The point of *requiring knowledge of age*, in my view, seems to be a
subset of a more important idea of *knowing the pictures violate the
law*. Knowing the age of the participants is *one* way that one might
know that the pictures violate the law. But one may come to that
conclusion otherwise. For example, learning that they are the target of
a federal investigation into child pornography would imply to a high
degree of probability they are `illegal'. Of course, I don't claim to
be a lawyer, and this is just one interpretation. perhaps it is
mistaken. feel free to correct and insult me at the same time (what fun
is it without both?).
* * *
I would like to say the following.  My analogy to the CERT warning that
appeared here seems to have completely escaped many, or perhaps
everyone is intentionally evading it. The metaphor is extremely
compelling. Both are sent to operators in order to bring something to
their attention they `might' need to fix by an outside party generally
interested in the operators own best interests. While I'm not sure that
what CERT did was apropos, that warning was so *delicately worded*. In
contrast the EFF announcement SHOUTS IN YOUR EAR. the CERT announcement
was extremely diplomatic. the EFF announcement was SCREECHING.
Do `we' have *any* consistency, sophistication, or coherence as a
group? Recent messages have DISMAYED me. is `our' philosophy nothing
but Beavis&Butthead style ``Gubberment and the Fedz and Pigs are THINGS
THAT SUCK and EFF is a THING THATS COOL.'' Or do `we' have no
philosophy at all? Are `we' just blind, crosseyed, and elitist
`codeheads' that char newbies for cruel sport? Is it better to just
ignore the `politics of cryptography' which coincidentally involves
things like what has been called the `Tim May .sig Agenda' because some
people might have strong opinions?
If `we' don't have our own house in order, `we' are nothing but LOUD
HYPOCRITES. If you don't clean your dirty laundry, IT STINKS.
Excuse me, but I think the press adores the Cypherpunk cause, and `we'
got press exposure such as the NYT and Wired article, because there
appears to be LEADERS and a DEFINITE POLITICAL AGENDA. It appears,
reading from those, that perhaps we even view the whole matter of free
cryptography use as a MORAL ISSUE, which of course would seem to imply
we possess some MORALITY to so claim. Oh yes, what was that
hand-wringing a few months ago on the list about the ``MOVEMENT
STALLING''? I wonder why! who posted that, anyway? I forget.
p.s. I dare someone to post that old CERT announcement sent to E.H.
that was posted here and caused such a noxious stink here. Look at how
gentle it really is. In fact, I would recommend that future
announcements of this sort look to it as a model. It clearly has been
finetuned past many revisions. As much as I hate to admit it, CERT has
a lot of expertise in dealing with this kind of thing. If anyone wants
to emulate them, don't reinvent the wheel.
p.p.s. go ahead, flame me into oblivion. ah, anonymously is even
better! from people we've never *heard* of before on the list! yes, let everone up to the top tell me what a jerk I am for caring. please
be as *emotional* as possible. defend the silly announcement or the
Cypherpunk Status Quo as if I had accused *you* of being a child
pornographer or traitor. Even better, banish me from the list for my
thoughtcrimes! Yes, cyberspatial hemlock is what I need right now.

@_date: 1993-10-17 01:30:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: solving polynomials modulo P 
Matthew J Ghio suggested an encryption scheme based on polynomials mod
P. I haven't looked at this too thoroughly yet, but a quick read seemed
to suggest that it relies on the intractability of solving polynomial
equations mod P. If so, realize that this is a very tractable problem
with efficient (polynomial time) algorithms given by e.g. Knuth. If
anyone wants more info I'll post the reference. It's in his sections on
computer arithmetic. The algorithm was discovered by a researcher at
Bell Labs as I recall; the name escapes me.

@_date: 1993-10-17 23:07:08
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: on anonymity, identity, reputation, and spoofing 
H.  Finney I've been thinking about this a lot lately. I think a large part of the
problem as you indicate is associated with reputation. How does one
build up a reputation and identity in cyberspace in general? Part of
the problem IMHO is that this list software & the internet in general
is extremely vulnerable to a lot of different kinds of spoofing.
People are very sensitive to the perception of a `consensus' -- they
are deeply influenced by what they perceive to be the `majority
opinion'. What if that `opinion' was not an accurate representation of
reality? what if a few people were creating the illusion that some
different kind of consensus existed? what if that `agenda' were
actually something inherently wicked like lawlessness or anarchy? what
if a conspiracy created the impression that some project or progress
was underway when it really wasn't? or that some person was loudly
favored or condemned by the `group'? this could be especially
problematic if any kind of intimidation were happening `behind the
scenes' in email. who would ever know? unless the dissatisfaction
reached the list, how would we find out? another problem is that, at
the same time being strongly influenced by a lot of flames, people just
delete them out of sheer distaste and they may not be around later for inspection.
what really is our assurance that all these email addresses actually
exist and represent *unique* people? there really is very little currently. I think newsgroups are far less vulnerable to this kind of spoofing,
but unfortunately mailing lists are *extremely* vulnerable. (Keep in
mind, there are a whole set of other benefits and detriments in *other*
categories which I'm not talking about here.) In the former we have
thousands of subscribers all checking on each other's honesty. If a
suspicious address or opinion pops up, there is some probability
someone will notice, and cases of spoofing would probably be noise
drowned out in the representative opinion. Also, distribution is
centralized, so that `message blocking' is not very feasible.
In the latter case, i.e. mailing lists such as this one, there is a
much closer knit community that is geographically isolated. Individuals
on the list are far more susceptible to spoofing. People are more
likely to see *every* message including the `spoofed' ones. There are
far fewer people to `check up' and those that are there may not have
the technical expertise. What's worse, the list is not `distributed' in
a certain sense. If someone wants to get out the message that
`something wrong is going on' it could be censored because of the
centralization of the distribution. This wouldn't work with Usenet
because the distribution of the messages (e.g. NNTP servers) is
generally cleaved from the people with strong self-interests in the
traffic (e.g. people who post to group [x]).
This cyberspace stuff can be a *very* powerful influence on many. It is
an electronic community, and peer pressure is *extremely* powerful.
Many people do not have an extremely strong internal `moral compass'
and could be influenced by this kind of corrupt magnetism associated
with a `conspiracy of spoofing'. Note that reputations are crucial in
not only persuading us to listen attentively to those we respect, but
to `tune out' the lunatics and criminals.
* * *
Regarding the what also gets my vote as `strangest posting of the year'
by `S. Boxx',  Philippe D. Nave, Jr.  (based on
I think I speak for many here in saying that I weigh anonymous postings
very little, but don't consider the capability a serious problem. They
have very significant purposes in e.g. `whistleblowing' `within the
system' that I've always been attracted to.
On the other hand, I think there is an implicit assumption by virtually
everyone here that addresses on public posts and private email that are
not specifically anonymous represent *unique* people. That is, if some
people were taking advantage of the loose, free, and open atmosphere
here to influence opinion or perception of reputations by posting
messages under different presumably `real' identities (defined as
anything that is not obviously tagged as anonymous), I and probably
everyone else would feel very `upset' in the least and `violated' at
the most. It would seem like a very serious breach of community trust,
and might even have the effect of derailing positive contributions to
the `cypherpunk cause' (whether algorithmic or political, the two chief
schools of thought). I recall discussions of this related to the
Extropians list, which specifically bars this practice.
* * *
List suggestions
The fact that this `uniqueness of real identities' has always been
something of an implicit assumption here bothers me. I think anything
this delicate and important should be made formal and explicit. We
should not simply assume that `everone is honest and no one would be
depraved enough to do this.' I think the following guidelines are very
reasonable, and might be part of a list charter agreed to by new members:
1) list members are allowed *one* anonymous identity if any. They are
required to associate some name with all anonymous posts via that identity.
2) *no one* is allowed multiple `real' identities and in fact any
violation of this is considered an extremely serious breach of netiquette & honesty.
3) completely anonymous posts from `outside' the list are allowed; if
no pseudoidentity is given they are assumed to come from `outside'.
and if anyone has been posting under multiple `real' identies, I think
they owe it to everyone here to `come clean'. I don't see why anyone
would go to the trouble but if someone was just unstable or obsessive
enough to equate reputation with posting traffic, s/he might go off the
deep end. The practice amounts to `spoofing' and any patriotic
cypherpunk with some integrity ought to recognize that immediately and
condemn it, technical capabilities regardless. I would equate this
practice with `lying to one's colleagues'. spoofing is probably the crime against cypherpunk ideology.
* * *
As for reputations, what can we do about this? I think that there are a
lot of solutions to be experimented with in software. One of the best
is just to have archives that are searchable by ID. But archives are
very disk-consuming. I have some various other ideas that wouldn't
require much beyond the current database maintenance of email
addresses. Suppose that along with everyone's name, the following
statistics were presented:
1) how long they have been on the list in days, 0 if none at all
2) how many postings they have posted here
3) maybe a posting/age ratio -- some people seem to be very sensitive
or tune out people with a high one.
4) another idea: tracking the number of responses a given poster has,
average, per original post, measured by `re: [x]' subject tracking.
now, look what we get with all these. They are all simple to implement.
They all can tremendously help us weigh the various opinions that are
out there. They can set up a positive feedback system whereby `good'
posters potentially really are quantitatively identified.  Regarding
(4), one way to `punish' a poster for irrelevant postings is to simply
not respond, and they will not get any `credit' in this statistic. The
problem with this is that from my experience, sometimes my most
authoritative and finely-crafted postings generate the least response.
But note the point of all these things: they don't necessarily require
any digital signatures to implement. Authentication of postings
`allowed' to the group really seems like a separate problem to me.
Another simple idea is to have a voting system in response to postings.
People's `credit' associated with their postings could be listed in
headers too. This of course is far more ambitious, and the generally
complex problem of authentication rears its ugly head.
In addition to all this, I would like to see protocols that guarantee
honesty on the part of the list maintainer. When databases like this
are maintained, a little unilateral tweaking here and there can be
extremely deleterious to community integrity, honesty, and reputations.

@_date: 1993-10-18 00:57:10
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Internet show on PBS 
from author of `Zen & the Internet', don't miss it!
The Computer Chronicles (a show on PBS) will be doing a program about
the Internet, to be aired on your local PBS station the week of
November 1st.  It'll have stuff about World Wide Web (demo'd by April
Marine at NASA Ames), virtual communities (with Howard Rheingold), the
Net in general (me), Internet Talk Radio (with Carl Malamud), the
gigabit testbeds [I think] (with someone from Bellcore), and something
with Phil Kahn at ARPA.  The producer of it is really psyched; it
sounds like it's gonna be pretty cool.

@_date: 1993-10-18 02:42:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: PSEUDOSPOOFING 
I'm absolutely *horrified* and *nauseated* that our eminent list
moderator E.H. has come out in total support of what I have been
calling `spoofing' or using pseudo-real addresses to post to the list. (It isn't `really' spoofing in the exact sense because as I noted there
has only been an *implicit assumption* by all of us here that opinions
from unique addresses were themselves unique. so, lets call it)
the activity of misleading people into thinking that an identity is
unique when it really isn't! i.e. posting behind `real' addresses not
specifically noted as anonymous!
I consider pseudospoofing a *detestable* and *reprehensible* activity
if it exists. Am I the only one who finds this absolutely *repulsive*
and *abhorrent*? How long has this been going on? who has been doing
it? am I the first to suspect it is happening? how many debates have
been affected? how many people have been *harassed* or *intimidated* or
*burned* to a *crisp* by pseudospoofers? is this going on in *private
email* too? how many debates have been skewed? how many people here
DON'T EXIST? Are the other founders T.C.May and J.Gilmore in favor of
this too? how much have you guys been doing this? is this really part
of the cypherpunk agenda? who here supports this, anyway? does this
have anything to do with the bizarre conspiracy theories posts of
`S.Boxx'?! is this why `everyone' is opposed to a newsgroup or other
change in the `status quo'?! Is this why *I* get *flamed* so much? is
this polluting other mailing lists?!
IMHO, this itself represents a `profound misunderstanding' under what
actually constitutes an OPEN FORUM. If we are merely conducting some
depraved experiment on the psychology of pseudonymity and
pseudospoofing on unwilling participants, please say so! I for one
never saw *that* announcement when I signed up! calling
`pseudospoofing' `one of the `main goals' of cypherpunks software'
sounds *criminal* to me. Or maybe I'm missing the point! I guess this
is what anarchy really *is* all about!
* * *
speaking of OPEN FORUMS, `Jamie Dinkelacker'  objects
to my other proposals for reputation tracking statistics:
A very ``NSA FEEL''?! all of these statistics could be generated by
*anyone* who subscribes to the list! is this an OPEN FORUM or not?! How
could *anyone* object to anything so innocuous? A *true* forum would be *representative*. For example, I already have
the impression that no one here supports my suggestions whatsoever on
list modifications & protocol  from E.H.'s comments and
jamie at netcom.com. Now, humor me, and take the hypothetical situation
that these are the same person! how can this be a `forum' if an opinion
is not *representative*? what if a single person just `ganged up' on
someone they didn't like by overwhelming them with pseudospoofs? what
if there was *truly* support for some project but a pseudospoofer
ganged up on the proponents and clobbered them with flames? does this
sound anything like what has happened on this list in the past? doesn't
it throw every `conversation' on this list into spectacularly
*grotesque* doubt? wouldn't that be a lot like intimidation at best and
*extortion* at worst? would it look like a `clique'? what if this was
happening *routinely*? what if people were being *influenced* by what
they perceived was the *majority opinion* or the *views of their peers*
that were really nothing but DECEPTION AND LIES? what if it was
*thwarting progress*? I would consider this nothing but TREACHERY and
HIGH TREASON. is all this  really one of the `main goals' of the
cypherpunk agenda? if so, SIGN ME OFF.
Regardless of whether anyone believes in democracy (a `lot' of people
here said they didn't a while ago, but now I have my doubts!) the idea
of `one man one vote' is SACRED. it means in essence, one man shall not
have UNFAIR INFLUENCE. anything less is just the `Golden Rule: He who
Has the Most Gold Makes the Rules'. or, `you can be here as long as I
always have more *power* than you do and you don't complain!' it is
*anti egaltarian*. it is a recipe for anarchy, dischord and chaos. Or
perhaps I'm MISSING THE POINT?! maybe that's what somebody *wants*. is
*this* what the Cypherpunks really stand for? UNFAIR INFLUENCE. ABUSE
OF POWER. MANIPULATION. DECEIT. TREACHERY. EXPLOITATION. SECRET CONSPIRACIES.
p.s. if anyone doesn't hear from me for awhile, assume I've been
`liquidated' and this isn't really an `open forum' ...

@_date: 1993-10-18 02:57:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: THE CYPHERPUNK CAUSE 
now I understand why `someone' told me in private email,
`THERE IS NO CYPHERPUNKS CAUSE. GET THIS DELUSION OUT OF YOUR HEAD.'

@_date: 1993-10-20 00:17:42
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudospoofed out 
Cypherpunks, I use the internet for a lot of serious activities, and it
deeply troubles me to think that I have been vicitimized by
pseudospoofers in areas outside of merely the cypherpunks list such as
in the numerous FAQs I edit (a very time consuming endeavor) or in my
other favorite mailing lists. I feel like my blood has been drained by
parasites that suck my prose and passions. Since there is absolutely no
support for any `True Names' here whatsoever, I volunteer to drop the
subject. And of course I am just another blip on this list, so my ideas
for its improvement mean nothing, and I will not *ever* make a
proposition again here regarding the subject. however,
A PERSONAL REQUEST
I humbly request that ANYONE SENDING ME PERSONAL MAIL have the decency
to do so under their `True Name' or `obviously anonymously' under the
same identity. Do not deceive me for perverted sport. Do not try to
build up trust merely so that you can betray it. Do not manipulate me
simply because you have the capability or because I am a basically
trusting person. This sentiment is equivalent to something like `if a
woman doesn't carry a gun then it's OK to rape her' and it is one of
the most alarming aspects of what I have seen promoted here and in the
general `hacker' community. `nothing is wrong if you can get away with
it.' I believe that there is no such thing as a `consequentless
action'. Please, do not drag *me* into the gutter because you like to wallow there.
If anyone has deceived me in manipulating me with multiple pseudonyms
in my personal email, please inform me *now*. I believe this is the
absolute least that *anyone* could ask on the internet.
Another point to make is that Usenet & current mailing lists are far
from the future models. I fundamentally believe that `true name'
systems are entirely socially desirable and can be erected without
invading privacy. Anyone who claims that `true names' and `privacy' are
fundamentally incompatible is simply mistaken. Does `absolute privacy'
mean that no one *ever* knows who *anyone* is?
It seems to me the ability to differentiate identities or reject their
input based on `true names' is a basic right of the listener. You do
not have a right to bludgeon me with identical opinions from an
unrepresentative arsenal of imaginary identities. I suspect some of the
people advocating `absolute privacy' are themselves currently using
powerful tools to detect pseudospoofing others do not possess. Is that
the cypherpunk Utopian ideal? A place where you can manipulate people
without them knowing it? let others drown in mud while you trample atop their backs?
Also, please do not deceive the press. T.C. May has recently
satirically suggested that some of the Wired pictures are of hired
actors. I don't find this funny. If the `cypherpunks' are really
something other than that which they claim, it will eventually and
inevitably come back to haunt the `movement,' whatever it is
(algorithms or ideology? I no longer care). History and society is far
more shrewd than that. If pseudospoofing is really the  cypherpunk
agenda, please make that clear. `We want to fool everyone with
brainwashing techniques so they are at the mercy of our whim.'
One of my attractions to cyberspace was the promise of making online
friends, and I have made many over many months. But the idea that some
psychopaths are sending me email just to leech my strong emotions and
play with my passions, like a cat does a captured mouse, perhaps even
with the support of a large and complex software `arsenal' designed
specifically to promote camouflage and manipulation, perhaps on a very
widespread scale involving multiple lists, I find reprehensible and
inherently evil. Please, choose another lab rat victim.
My whole `cyberspatial reality' has been cast into doubt. Who's real?
Who's fake? I used to really look forward to reading and responding to
my mail, but now I approach it with dread, horror, and nausea. I don't
even know if who I am talking to on the phone is who they say they are
anymore, or if I really have any true cyberspatial friendships, because
of all the pseudospoofing in my mailbox. There are some among you who
say `welcome to the real world'. Are you people saying that man's
natural state is confusion, desperation, and paranoia?
I am not opposed to `pseudonymity' and multiple reputations of couse.
But the strong sentiments on this list that I should be kept *guessing*
I find abhorrent. What is most disturbing is the possibility of a
single entity attempting to stick someone's psyche in a vice by
systematic and concerted assaults from multiple supposedly `unique'
identities in private email. This is like dealing with a tentacled
octopus-monster. What could be more depraved? This is nothing but
vicious interrogation and brainwashing.
I'm simply in favor of truth in advertising, and I think this list has
been misrepresented as a `forum' when it's nothing but a hotbed of
pseudospoofing, possibly even aided by automatic software tools.
Someone tell me, how long have I been arguing with AI programs anyway?
Trully, I never would have subscribed if I had realized the `practice'
of pseudospoofing was epidemic. I mean, I suspected there were isolated
cases, but now it appears a large part of traffic is manufactured
flames and froth. Does anyone have any idea how much time has been
wasted wading or even arguing with opinions that were nothing but
mirages? I'm deeply disillusioned. But of course, who cares? Certainly
not the leadership or the followers.
I'm not sure that some of the `identities' I've been dealing with over
the past few months really have any basic morality. I suspect there are
some demagogues that tout `privacy' while really subtly and insideously
promoting dishonesty, sociopathism, treachery, and barbarianism.
An example: I am on another mailing list where I posted a long article
as a `gift' to the subscribers. I got some favorable comments, except
from the moderator who said that `people are shocked you did.'
I asked him. What people? What did they say? He backed down. But
imagine that someone slandered me with a worthless pseudonym? and, in
fact, even if they mailed *me* would I be able to tell that they didn't
care about the reputation of that pseudonym? It seems to me that there
is a basic idea of reputation and postings. To a degree, if you haven't
earned a reputation in some subject, you should be disqualified from
pontificating on it, irrelevant of your arsenal of pseudonyms. Filters
based on reputations may help make this a reality. (I would personally
like to ban my mailbox of all opinionated pseudonyms who have not read
more than 2 of my posts.)
I remember E.H. once announcing to the list that J. Markoff had
unsubscribed. Who's really in favor of privacy? Is everybody here
really interested in `privacy' as an `offensive weapon'? `Privacy' as a
way of evading taxes? `privacy' as a way of manipulating or betraying
the gullible and trusting for perverted pleasure? `privacy' as
destroying social order and promoting anarchy? Really, nevermind.
please, don't send me any more blistering flames. These are rhetorical
questions. In fact, this is a rhetorical essay.

@_date: 1993-10-24 01:38:31
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudospoofing survey 
The following is an essay followed by a survey on pseudospoofing. If
you are interested in participating in the survey please reply in email
to me under your `true name' only. I will post a summary to the list if
there is sufficient data and I'm convinced it isn't strewn with
manufactured lies from phantom identities (please do not waste my
precious time, pollute my mailbox, or disrupt this survey with any).
* * *
First, let's review. From my perspective a person can have cyberspatial
identities in about 5 basic categories. Under these definitions an
`identity' is what appears in the `from' line of a message or other
very obvious identifying characteristics of the message, for example, a
line at the beginning saying `This is [x], I couldn't post under my
regular account but ...', a signature at the end of the message, etc.
Under these definitions I'm leaving out the distinctions of `reply
capability' associated with anonymous servers etc.
1. `True Name' -- for our purposes let this be defined as the name on
your birth certificate, your legal identity.
2. `unique name' or `cyberspatial name' -- this would be a name you
associate with all your activities in cyberspace in postings to mailing
lists, email, etc. That is, I'm making a distinction about people
possibly using the net always under a single pseudonym.
3. `obviously anonymous' -- identifying characteristics in the message
(such as origination from an anonymous server, etc.) make it obvious
that *anyone* could have posted it. Sometimes called `hit and run'.
4. `pseudonymous' -- a variation of (3) where arbitrary identification
is used to build up a reputation under a presumed name, but
characteristics of the message make clear that the identity is an
*alias* for someone's *unique* identities under (1) or (2). The
nicknames associated with the Helsingius server ID's would be an example.
5. `pseudoanonymous' or `pseudospoofed' -- the message could either be
someone's `true name' or an invented alias, but *no* characteristics of
the message (including the message by the author) can discriminate
exactly *which*. This is something like `identity camouflage'. It is a
new category of identification that transcends (1) - (4) because it
encompasses all of them.
* * *
Now, I've written a lot on `anonymity' and am a strong supporter and
proponent of categories (2), (3), and (4), where the *receiver* of a
message is *informed* and *aware* that it can be from *anyone*.
However, I believe extreme restrictions should be placed on the use of
(5) in a civilized cyberspatial society (such as that which mailing
lists and Usenet groups attempt to represent, IMHO). Contrary to all
the flames on the list and in my mail box, I continue to believe that
this is not incompatible with privacy -- in fact, I believe it *promotes* it.
Very serious abuses of (5) can lead to insideous deception and
treachery, particularly in the interplay between public and private
messages, and I'm absolutely aghast to see the capability for (5)
championed as `privacy' here and in my mailbox by many people (or
phantoms, I'm in total confusion) I used to respect. But this is all another essay.
Above all, I'm *extremely* disturbed and alarmed to perceive what
appears to be a systematic propaganda and disinformation campaign on
this list and elsewhere in obfuscating the *obvious* and
*incontrovertable* distinction between (3) and (4) on one hand
(`anonymous' and `pseudonymous') and (5) on the other
(`pseudoanonymous' or `pseudospoofed'), ironically perhaps largely via
abuse of the lack of protective mechanisms against it here.
In (3) and (4), the reciever *knows* that the message can be from
*anyone*. In (5), the receiver does *not* know, and may even be
*misled* into believing that a message is in categories (1) or (2) when
it is in fact in fact `anonymous'. IMHO this is *very* dangerous.
To further emphasize this distinction, in some sense categories (1) -
(2) are *attributable* to *unique* identities. When I see messages in
categories (1) or (2) on a mailing list, in my mailbox, or in Usenet
postings, FTP articles, whatever, I can attribute them to unique people
by definition. We also might call (1) `accountable', and if an online
account under (2) can be traced to a legal identity, it would be also.
Categories (3) and (4) are *not* attributable to unique identities. A
single person could post anonymously multiple times or pseudonymously
under multiple identities. If a person has only one pseudonym, let's
say that's `quasi- or semi- accountable'.
But not only is (5) *not* attributable to *identities*, it is not
`attributable' to any of the previous *categories*! Hence, let's call
messages in the categories (1) - (2) `attributable', (3) - (4)
`nonattributable', (1) - (4) `uncamouflaged', `white', `open' or
`unsurreptitious', and (5) `nonattributable' and `camouflaged',
`black', or `surreptitious'. (I leave it to subsequent debate to
stabilize on the most descriptive and memorable terms.)
This *camouflage* that various cypherpunks promote, apparently up to
the highest levels of `leadership', is IMHO inherently subversive.
Because no one here seems to be afraid of subversion and anarchy, and
even embraces it, let me go further and say it is *destructive* not
only to societies but to *any* social interaction, even interpersonal.
IMHO It is not just a recipe for anarchy, it is a recipe for chaos and
barbarianism, *particularly* when associated with personal mail
(including mailing lists).
This was all a topic of discussion many months ago, and I paid scant
attention at the time because I didn't think it was the interest of the
majority of cypherpunks, part of the agenda, generally feasible, or in
widespread practice. Recent events suggest to me I am *utterly*
mistaken on all counts.
In fact, apparently not only are `some' cypherpunks in favor of `black'
postings, they are in favor of *concealing* the very existence of the
capability, so as to potentially manipulate and brainwash others in an
undetected concerted conspiracy! I think I will define this as `evil blackness'. Again, lots of specific examples, anecdotes, and horror stories are
another essay. Perhaps some would like to expand on this point (please
email me if you treat this in a comprehensive and thorough manner). For
now, I just want to make the distinctions clear for the survey, which
follows. The survey will help me determine the extent of `blackness'
and `evil blackness'. Please try to be as complete as possible in your responses. I will read
and be influenced by independent opinions in my mailbox, but again
request that you use your True Name only in any correspondence with me.
And anyone who flames that this survey is an invasion of privacy, get
lost. Let anyone reply under their own free will. I will keep all
responses strictly confidential. However, I would like to collect some
opinions under true names I can quote later. Please put the key `N/A'
(not for attribution) in front of any response you wish me to leave
unattributed or in front of the entire message like `message N/A'.
Also, I will try to start email conversations with anyone who is
particularly knowledgable.
* * *
1. What is your `true name'?
2. Do you have a unique online identity other than your true name?
3. How long have you been on the internet?
4. How many mailing lists are you on?
5. Are `black' / `camouflaged' identities feasible or possible on the
internet today? If so, how in particular? Comment on public access and
UUCP sites if possible.
6. To what extent do you think `camouflaged' identities exist on the
internet currently? Where are they used? What mailing lists or
newsgroups are particularly dense with `black' postings? Have you ever
received any in email?
7. Have you ever posted under a `camouflaged' identity? if so, where? How often?
8. Are you aware of any potential `abuses' of `black' messages? Has it
turned into a big problem anywhere? Do you have any horror stories? Are
there any `cabals' or `silent conspiracies'? have any debates or
projects been `poisoned' or `sabotaged'?
9. Are you neutral on the capability of `black'/`camouflaged' messages,
or do you strongly promote/support or condemn it? Is it harmless or dangerous?
10. Is society aware of `black messages'? if not, what would `they'
think in general? if so, what is the consensus on the practice?
11. Is it fundamentally technically impossible to prevent *widespread*
black messages if there was an incentive or consensus to do so? Or is
it feasible with technology?
12. What are internet policies in general on `black' messages? What
should they be? Should they be restricted and prevented? allowed? Keep
in mind the distinctions of posts to mailing lists, Usenet posts, and personal mail.
13. Please list any resources on this subject: email addresses of
specialists, pointers to papers, etc.

@_date: 1993-10-24 04:53:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: pseudospoofing survey 
You justify all your arguments in favor of pseudospoofing by pointing
at existing criminal behavior. Interesting point of view, eh?
I just did.
yep. hope you don't mind.
MUDs are games. Mailing lists, Usenet, and the Internet are not.
you are mistaking the form of the present internet with future cyberspace.
it's a start.

@_date: 1993-10-24 21:58:48
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: on the term `signature' 
Consider the term `signature' in the conventional connotation of a
handwritten scrawl. What are the *critical* properties of a handwritten
signature of a person [x]?
1) no person [y] can `forge' the signature of [x]
2) the signature of [x] is unique to [x]
Look closely at (2). What value would `signatures' have in our society
if they could not be traced to unique individuals? Virtually everyone
here will probably say `no problem' but this aspect is a very critical
aspect of the legal basis for signatures as a certificate of identity.
If a person cannot be traced based on their digital signatures, where
is the accountability? What if a person signs a document with a
`digital signature' and *breaks* that contract? you have no recourse
unless the identity is ultimately identifiable and you can take `that
body' to court.
This `two way street' is the crucial ingredient for the legal value of
handwritten signatures. A person can indicate they consent to an
agreement or certify something as genuine originating from themselves
(one way). But on the other hand, if the agreement is broken or there
is some question of authenticity *independent* of the signature (i.e.,
suppose someone has broken the signature security) there is recourse in
retracing the path back to the original signer (the other way).
Many here are championing that the loss of (2) with `digital
signatures' and completely untracable identities is `liberating'. But
there is a price to pay, perhaps very great. It is simply an unworkable
system anywhere serious accountability is required (such as related to
a job, etc.) Sure, if all people want to do is get into twisted debate
contests, the absence of (2) certainly encourages it (speaking from experience).
Because digital signatures alone are not really strictly analogous to
written signatures because of the lack of property (2) above, perhaps a
better term would be `identification tag'. Adding the guarantee that a
given signature can be traced back to a human entity, with the use of a
database or otherwise, makes them truly `digital signatures'.
please cc: me in any replies.

@_date: 1993-10-25 00:28:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Joy of Pseudospoofing 
Not a single person has said they understand what I have been talking
about in describing the evils of pseudospoofing. Let me be more
specific. I hope anyone with additional comments can send me email.
First, I've been talking about `pseudospoofing' as if what it connotes
is obvious, but let me be absolutely thorough. Suppose a person created
an entire fake identity. Jim Riverman, a software engineer, working in
CA. Subscriber to the cypherpunks. Expert in number theory and NSA
arcania. Posts very authoritatively to the list, and when he does its
short and sweet, and a keeper. Even has a phone number. Has a nice
signature complete with a cute quote: `death is the ultimate form of
censorship' along with his phone number (work). Signed up on a public
access Internet system that requires no authentication of identity.
Address jr at netcom.com. Perhaps he has even described his troublesome
toils in software development projects with a large company. Cultivated
personal relationships with people in email.
But JR does not exist. He is the figment of somebody's imagination,
let's call her Medusa. The phone number reaches her. When she gets a
call on the `JR' phone she speaks in a deep voice and talks about
software development. It's rather rare that anyone calls anyway, and
she rather loathes it when it happens and does not encourage anyone to
do so. She's very guarded in phone conversations, and often takes the
offensive stance by asking questions. `What are you calling about?'
`Why should this be important?' etc. She never volunteers personal
information under the JR voice for obvious reasons.
She uses the jr at netcom.com account in a very systematic way. When she
has interesting information she is very careful about presenting it in
a way that maximizes her posting reputation under the JR pseudonym. If
the information is related to his personality, she posts it under his
identity in a characteristic way, perhaps even with consistent
mispellings and a certain style. She never posts uncharacteristically
under JR, such as talking about some other arbitrary subject she's
knowledgable on but would be a bit surprising if JR said anything about it.
Okay, let's stop and take note of this. Is any `deception' going on
here? Absolutely. Should this be permitted? I don't think so, but
perhaps others do. (Certainly many have contacted me to say so.) Many
are saying `you can't prevent this' etc. `it's harmless and her
cyberspatial right to build up her reputation under a digital pseudonym.'
So, let's go further and explore this. Suppose Medusa also has an
account snake at netcom.com. She cultivates another personality and
reputation from that address, as an authority on mail forgery, guerilla
warfare, and sabotage. Again, she is careful to never post on
`uncharacteristic' subjects, *particularly* those that would overlap
with JR, because that would cast suspicion on the uniqueness of the two
identities. Is all this still OK with everyone?
* * *
But let's now look at the interplay of postings on a mailing list. The
whole point is that a *dialogue* is in action, right? That's the draw.
The mailing list is not just a endless series of contextless messages
existing independently (quite contrary to what a lot of
`pseudothinkers' have been telling me lately). People respond to each
other, carry on conversations, quote each other, flame, criticize,
comment, contradict, rebut, reject, congratulate, even lauch private
email conversations from public postings. (And these private dialogues
can be highly rewarding, in many ways more than reading the list
itself, which tends to be `noisy'.)
And, in fact, all this feedback is actually the *basis* of the best
reputations. When someone posts something that is extremely relevant to
the conversation at hand, their reputation in the eyes of their
colleagues increases. When they rebut an argument with a stellar
comeback, their own esteem is raised in the eyes of the group just as
the victim's is lowered. When they post something that is authoritative
on a given subject, again they are admired. `posting is reputation'.
Finally, there can even be an interplay *behind the scenes* of the
mailing list. People might organize meetings or go to parties with
people they have met on the list. For some, this is sort of the holy
grail of online interaction, and gives it true meaning. The interplay
of reputations between this and a mailing list is complex. Someone's
reputation might be raised or lowered because of their `realspace' vs.
`cyberspace' personas. And the possibilities of outside project
development can be extremely important, especially if a mailing list is
designated to discuss some endeavor, say PEM software standards or whatever.
* * *
But the problem with all this is that in a regular social setting,
there are some very ancient, venerable, and sophisticated rules
involving propriety and courtesy of communication that break down
dangerously on any online `forum' when a single person has multiple
pseudonyms, and these `subversive uses' are what I will expand on.
For example, many people become annoyed when someone talks too much,
roughly analogous in cyberspace to postings that are too long or too
frequent. In fact, this repulsion may be so strong as to cause people
to reject messages simply because of it and irrespective of content
(which might nevertheless have consistently high or at least above-average quality).
Moreover, many people are highly annoyed by others who are constantly
stroking their own fragile egos. `I am great because I did this.' It's
quite nauseating at times with some! People often tune out or reject
comments like this with something like `mental filters'. Reputations
can be affected in extreme cases. `Oh, that JR is so quiet.' `Oh, that
Medusa is so vain.'
Also, some people turn out to be control freaks, and various degrees of
clever euphemisms can be used to hide their inherent dominative
tendencies. `You do this because I say so.' `That is the wrong way to
do what you want to do.' `*work* with me!' `you are being uncooperative'.
The final and most important aspect of group communication psychology
is that of *consensus* and *peer pressure*. This can be an
extraordinarily powerful force. Many people are `lurkers' and are most
influenced by what they perceive to be other's opinion on various
subjects, or the general group feelings as gauged through multiple
postings. They are unlikely to question what they read.
* * *
Now let's look at how some of these proprieties can be thwarted to the
detriment of community by use of pseudospoofing, in the case of Medusa
and JR. First, notice that a single person could get away with far more
postings if they all successfully matched the online personas. In fact,
this could become quite a problem with traffic on the list at very high
levels with everyone actually trying to *break apart* their posts into
different identities to maximize the reputations associated with each

@_date: 1993-10-25 01:38:42
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A favor re Detweiler 
Mr. Finney makes many references to private mail correspondence of mine
and many presumptions of my thoughts, many of which are incorrect and
none of which I have given him permission to do so.
No one would be doing me any favor by contacting me personally over the
`Dinkelacker matter'. Please do not do so. I am very shocked that Mr.
Finney would have made any such request publicly without first
consulting with me. The style of this request reminds me of Mr. May's
public letter of some time ago to M.Landry over a `safe and fun
environment', the latter individual telling me he was shocked over Mr.
May's public address on his own private matter. The situation you describe has nothing to do with me personally. I
assume that if there were no merit to the `charges' Mr. May or Mr.
Hughes would have long ago posted a message specifically denying them
instead of obfuscating the issue with satire, evasions, and propaganda.
Mr. Hughes and Mr. May are unresponsive to my personal email. And
because of his complicity in the evasion and rather uncharacteristic
message (with many striking irregularities) I now doubt the existence of H. Finney.
I have tried in total desperation to find someone I respect to condemn
pseudospoofing for the evil it is. No one has done so. My respect for
many individuals has dropped accordingly. My respect for many black
phantoms has dropped accordingly. (I wish I could tell the difference.)
My respect for the cypherpunk group as a whole has dropped accordingly.
`Their' respect for me has dropped accordingly. (There is a lot of
`reputation capital' being transacted at the moment.)
I have resigned my role and unsubscribed from another list I have been
long committed to that is cross-pollinated (or should we say,
`contaminated', `tainted', and `poisoned') by some cypherpunks, over
the same issue of pseudospoofing. I fear I have lended valuable time
and `reputation capital' to a cause, that has become apparent to me
through many public and private letters by many people, to be devoid of
integrity. I blame certain individuals for this treacherous
misrepresentation of basic cypherpunk goals. And as for `being
assaulted in email' there is absolutely no doubt this has happened to
me. Whether by phantoms or real people, I have no idea. I find it
reprehensible that no one can give me any assurance.
I encourage any other `cypherpunks' who find this practice of
pseudospoofing reprehensible to unsubscribe from the list in protest,
and carry out further debate on the `agenda' in newsgroups.
If any systematic and concerted illusions or deceptions relating to
cypherpunks are being promoted by anyone, I will be no party to it. I
will quite to the contrary work to pierce the balloon of deceit with
the sharp needle of truth. Perhaps even from the inside of the balloon.
I suspect that `the Dinkelacker matter' is merely one square inch on
the entire black balloon.
The only service that will aid my `mental anguish' and cause me to
reconsider my involvement with this `group' is a post in the following from:
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.wired
I have never posted or emailed under the account jamie at netcom.com.
Jamie Dinkelacker is a distinct human individual from myself. Eric
Hughes and I condemn the poisonous practice of pseudospoofing. It is
not a goal of the cypherpunks. We do not practice it. In fact, we are
investigating ways to prevent it on the list, starting with database of
everyone who has promised not to.
Furthermore, a rumor that actors were used in Wired article photographs
is simply false. To my knowledge anyone ever pictured in a photograph
of any `cypherpunk' group member in the mainstream media was at least a
list subscriber.
``Oh what a tangled web we weave; when first we practice to deceive.''

@_date: 1993-10-25 20:09:54
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: a desperate plea 
please do not fill my mailbox with argument in the form `criminal
behavior [y] exists or is widespread, therefore similar practice [x] is ok'
please do not say `forgeries are hard to prevent, therefore no one
should even attempt it'
please do not say `the only systems for identity tracking amount to
government oppression'
please do not talk about some depraved person with multiple personality
disorder as a way of describing Utopia.
most of all, do not pollute the Constitution with your lies:
the Constitution specifically prohibits `high treason'. Or are we now
against the Constitution? It's hard to keep track lately.
oh, what depravity and moral blackness. Evil promoted as `a fundamental
paradigm shift', a `conceptual meme'. Helleluja.
many cypherpunks have so utterly deluded themselves, they believe they
have invented a new kind of society that is completely free of
accountability, while they leech the fruits of one where that
accountability was hard-won by many sacrifices of our forefathers. I
urge you to live in your `society'. You will get the chance, I assure
you! `actions have consequences, even in cypherspace.' * * *
Let me ask a question of the `cypherpunks' opposed to identity tracking
in any form. A major aspect of catching vicious criminals is being able
to link up their multiple crimes. It is absolutely essential for
crimefighting. I could point to some examples using credit scams or
drug dealing or whatever, but the hard core Cypherpunks would probably
just grin with evil pleasure. So--
An excellent case is Ted Bundy. Ted Bundy would be the Cypherpunk
Poster Boy for Pseudospoofing. `Medusa' is correct in saying our new
societies allow and encourage this kind of anonymity. He slipped and
danced between cities and murdered young women in the most grisly and
heinous fashions. He lied at *every* stage of the way, perhaps even at
the end when he blamed his utter depravity on exposure to pornography.
Part of the difficulty in catching him in the end was his total mastery
of the techniques that have a striking similarity to what the
Cypherpunks promote -- hidden credit, deception, disguise,
impersonation, etc. He was a man who was so treacherous, he would truly
not `stop at anything'. I'm sure he weaved such a majestic and
convoluted `web of lies,' PRZ & the Cypherpunks would be proud. In the
end, one of the final critical incriminating pieces of evidence used in
court to convict him, and prevent further murders, was the bite marks
he had savagely embedded in the buttocks of one of his victims, which
matched his own jaw. It took something like 4 police to hold him down
to make the cast, he squirmed and writhed with such force and desperation.
Cypherpunks, look at yourselves in the mirror. See what you are
becoming and promoting. Look at the logical extent of your ideas. Could
*any* society truly function without any identity or accountability
whatsoever? The cypherpunk `agenda' has become so closely
indistinguishable with raw criminality and evil it horrifies me. Oh,
how it nauseates me. Perhaps many of you will fill my mailbox with new
letters defending Ted Bundy and asserting that the only problem was
that he didn't `spawn' a new set of teeth. Perhaps you look forward to
the day you can spawn some of your own Ted Bundys, and be so clever
you'd *never* be caught. Perhaps you already have the young lady
victims in mind. The ones that betrayed you by thinking you were too
strange too date, huh? Perhaps the only problem was that these young
ladies are just too damn *trusting*?
`that which cannot be enforced should not be prohibited'. Like murder?
* * *
Another question for all the bastard apologists and moral relativists.
Are you fundamentally opposed to me having the choice of screening
phantom identities in my personal mailbox? Many of your arguments
suggest that not only do you wish to make sure you can be anonymous,
but you wish to ensure that other people must support and sponsor your
anonymity. As for screening, very soon these capabilities will probably
exist, based on birth certificate databases etc. that are accessable
over the internet. Oh, my kingdom for this capability.
But you will infect and poison these databases with your forgeries and
lies, won't you? That is the fundamental cypherpunk agenda: wherever
accountability or identity is in place, do everything possible to
*evade* and *sabotage* it. Not only should there be *passive*
anonymity, but there should also be *active* deception. You not only
want to swing your fist, you want to batter my face -- with a phantom
bludgeon. I'll never know what hit me! Oh, what utter joy! To not only
be evil, but to get away with it! You hate Democracy and
`egalitarianism' not because they are unfair, but because they are the
closest thing to honesty and fairness we humans have ever discovered,
and in them *you* would *lose*, because the `perverted majority' of
society is *not* in favor of being murdered and raped without consequence.
And you will tear and wreck those fragile developing efforts and
schemes for identification and accountability, no matter how basic or
feeble, with the most insidious treachery. You will subscribe to the
mailing lists where the development is going on, you will infiltrate
the development groups, you will assault the honest, polite, and
courteous ladies and gentlemen with poisonous and acidic email and
posts, you will twist your knife into the baby in the crib, and you
will stick dynamite sticks up the nostrils of anyone who says, `well,
gosh, guys, just hold on a minute here!' ...
Oh, how you are thriving on the Internet. Either the parasite or the
host will die soon, of at least that I am sure. I pray to God that
Cyberspace survives.
P.S. Ask all your revered fiction authors like Gibson and Sterling
et.al. what they would think of your grotesque perversions. Be sure to
explain it in *your* terms of `true and pure anonymity.' `a fundamental
paradigm shift? sure, sounds great! right out of one of my own stories.'

@_date: 1993-10-25 21:24:03
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Another Tussle with a Tentacle 
"Robert J. Woodhead" what, pray tell, do you define as *intersection*? the very existence of
the two pseudonyms on the same Cyberspace can be considered an `intersection'.
the scenario is chillingly *true*. And I do not support it. I condemn it.
again, more Medusa-cypherpunk brainwashing. `don't worry about this.
it's not a big deal. no one would be evil enough to do this. heaven
forbid, don't do anything rash like invent robust identity mechanisms
that would *prevent* me from continuing to exploit this weakness in the
system and inherent trust of others.'
hah, hah! society has already evolved many other mechanisms that have
worked for centuries, and `you' promote obscure black magic. the
problem is, all that stuff is just to damn mundane and oppressive. it's
equivalent to Retinal Scans and a Camera on Every Corner.
cypherpunks, you have no idea how much you are being brainwashed. a
true Thought Crime if there ever was one. wipe wipe, slosh slosh, scrub
scrub. look! sparkling white! now, to pour in the blackness...

@_date: 1993-10-25 23:20:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: a desperate plea 
you're really upsetting me with your references to firearms and veiled
threats. this is way uncool. please chill out.
At least you seem to understand, `death is the ultimate form of censorship.'
another argument, existence of criminal behavior [x] supports
perversion [y] or lack of total perfection implies lack of necessity. I
think I will name these Cromwell Arguments.
no YOU don't get it. `we' do NOT have to implement DRACONIAN MEASURES
to find some BENEFIT from IDENTIFICATION SYSTEMS. no system is
FOOLPROOF and many will be SABOTAGED by CRIMINALS but are ultimately
still SOCIALLY USEFUL AND DESIRABLE.
[Gibson, Sterling]
oh, so you're now criticizing them. well, why don't you ask Mr. Vinge
what he thinks of your perversions like `pseudospoofing'? I'm waiting
at the edge of my keyboard. Please quote me relevant passages. Show how
the Liberation of the Universe is attained with it. Make inferences to
current reality from Dystopian Science Fiction. Show how nothing but
systematic deception and lies will lead to any functional system other
than barbarianism!
yes, because I am willing to attack the  Cypherpunk cause,
PSEUDOSPOOFING IS SACRED, (which took me the better part of a year to
discover in all the obfuscation and brainwashing in black posts), I
should be consigned to an asylum for my thought crimes.
I now know what a thought crime is! And I know who has committed many!

@_date: 1993-09-01 22:25:07
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NSA response to EFF Clipper Q's 
An EFF Online newsletter previously reported highlights from a list of
questions submitted to the NIST/NSA regarding Clipper. That entire
document is now available on ftp.eff.org in
pub/EFF/legislation/clipper-answers. It makes reference to attachments
on chip specifications that are not present in the text file.  Overall,
the document has rather numerous typographical errors for a government
document, and it's unclear whether this is the result of the EFF
scanning or whether they are in the original document. Also, at this
point in the swift-moving arena, the responses are fairly dated, coming
out long before the close of the expert review of the algorithm and a
CSSPAB meeting at the end of July.
Items in this review of the Clipper comments:
- encryption regulation
- constitutionality
- Mycotronx, VLSI rationale, history of Clipper
- Presidential directive & review procedure
- key escrow in software
- history of Skipjack
- identification information in key escrow databases
- notes on wiretap protocol
- NSA cryptographic control wish list
- Capstone capabilities
- policy review
- Clipper: a status report
Encryption Regulation
The major revelation in this document as reported here previously is
the statement that the Administration has progressed far enough in the
`policy review' to determine that `regulating private encryption' would
be `imprudent' and `drastic' and that no new legilsation will be
proposed to `limituse of encryption technology'. Unfortunately, in the
characteristically maddening bureacratic doublespeak of the NSA, the
previous statements suggest that this is the case only `because these
measures may be sufficient to make key escrow encryption [widespread]'.
Nevertheless the statement is extremely significant given various
ominous sound bites in the media that suggested very clearly that
cryptographic regulation was definitely `on the table' for consideration.
The other major revelations as reported in the EFF document are the
explicit attention to constitutional issues. However, the response is
not very meaningful except to deny that any are relevant. In
particular, it does not indicate the constitutionality of any
enforcement or regulation in the area.
Mostly the document is just a reformulation of the following idea in various ways:
Clearly, the writers' favorite words are `authorized' and `lawful' and
here we are doubly reassured.
Mycotronx, VLSI
Here are a few other significant details in the response. For the first
time there is official confirmation that the proposal goes back far
previous to the Clinton administration:
Mykotronx was chosen because:
Which makes me wonder. Has anyone with any serious sway in the NSA
noticed the stolen Mycotronx documents yet? I would love to see the
response to an FOIA inquiry on this one. Do they care? Did any heads
roll at Mycotronx?
Here we have the highly implausible suggestion that other companies
will be considered to manufacture the microcircuits. Fat chance.
Presidential Directive
The document gives more detail about the Presidential Review Directive
and Presidential Decision Directive behind Clipper.
Hence, the `feasibility of implementing the key escrow technique in
software' is `under review.' Later in the document, we have the point:
I don't recommend cooperating with the NSA in trying to devise `secure
software' -- first of all, the suggestion that they will even have
`security' in chip hardware is a fantasy and illusion; secondly,
software is inherently free and unchained and nothing the NSA invents
can ever change that; thirdly, cooperating with the NSA can be
hazardous to one's economic health; and finally, probably no one in the
NSA seriously believes that secure software implementations are
possible, and are just throwing this out for cynical effect.
Information on SKIPJACK, confirming suggestions by some (e.g. A. Walker
on sci.crypt) that the algorithm is based on earlier defense-oriented
schemes in a long line of development:
Key Escrow Databases
What about identification associated with keys in the databases? The
NSA is in a catch-22 here. If there is nothing but serial numbers in a
database, how do the key escrow agencies ensure that key IDs requested
for wiretapping are associated with the given entities named in
warrants? If they are present, how could such a scheme be maintained in
anything other than an Orwellian Totalitarian Dystopia? The following
is the first explicit commitment to total lack of identification
information in the databases:
Wiretap Protocol
Interestingly, they say that when a wiretapped device is moved to a new
phone number, they don't have the authority to tap it any longer:
Major criticism is based on the fact that once a given key has been
released, a phone is forever in the future insecure. For the first time
we have the assurance
NSA wish list
We get a wish list of realms in which the NSA would like to control
domestic cryptography:
Don't forget PEM -- D.D. gets really excited about that one.
Yes, just what every cryptography company wants, their personal NSA
consultant breathing down their circuits.
Capstone Capabilities
Here's some notes on Capstone. Most capabilities also indicated by D.D.
in her writings:
Personally, I wonder if the NSA intends to phase out Clipper from the
beginning. The implementation could encrypt the law enforcement field
under that more low-level chip. The Capstone chip will be the NSA's
little `black box' miracle in every machine.
Policy Review
Finally, there are the indications that the `policy review' done in the
Fall will cover the exportability of key escrow and the future
cryptographic export control policy in the country concerning
`marketability and foreign competition'. While everyone is desperate
for a breakthrough here, the likely announcement will be that `no
export restrictions will be placed on Clipper' and since the technology
is completely suitable for all cryptographic applications (smirk) no
other cryptographic devices will be approved for export. That's my guess, anyway.
Clipper: a status report
Current progress report on Clipper: the most serious hurdles for the
NSA right now are imposing the Clipper FIPS standard and the DSA patent
arrangement with PKP. The NSA has long demonstrated its complete
obliviousness and imperviousness to public opinion no matter how loud
or negative (consider early DSS endorsement). However, for the previous
two standards, it has reached unprecedentedly screeching levels. The
government will find it *extremely* difficult to go ahead with either
in the face of almost uniformly hostile reception to both. Doing so is
likely to raise a much larger outcry and warrant more desperate
approaches on the side of the opposition (ala Zimmermann's `guerilla cryptography').
The future revelations in the DSS, Clipper, and `policy review' topics
will be critical in indicating whether the NSA will take a more low-key
and unobtrusive stance in regulation of domestic cryptography, with the
original Clipper announcment its boldest step ever, or whether it will
become even more paranoid and volatile in attempting to control and
strangle natural, evolving domestic cryptographic developments. If you
value your freedom, pray for the former.

@_date: 1993-09-02 22:44:51
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Remailer Reliability 
tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
C'punks, it seems to me that the anonymous pool idea is underutilized
by the remailers. I suggest that a remailer variation be developed that
posts to an anonymous pool (some appropriate obscure newsgroup)
indicating that a message actually was sent from the final hop. The
sender can be sure the message made it if they see this posting. If
anyone wants to get even more fancy, the final remailer might also post
to the pool when the message bounced to the final address back to the remailer.
Obviously, without reliability the anonymity is worthless.

@_date: 1993-09-02 23:44:52
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: New Online Organization 
NOMA                 National Online Media Association                                    Contacts: Phill Liggett                                              LIGGETT at delphi.com                                              (203)233-3163                                              Lance Rose                                              elrose at echonyc.com                                              (201)509-1700 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE A new trade association, the National Online Media Association
(NOMA), was formed at ONE BBSCON '93 in Colorado Springs on August
27th, 1993.  NOMA comprises BBS operators, Internet service
providers, and other online media and services. NOMA's mission is to act for the BBS and online service industry
on matters of national importance by creating an industry presence
in Washington, D.C. and other means; assist its members at the
state and local levels; educate the public on the unique social,
business and legal roles of BBS's and other online services;
establish appropriate industry standards and guidelines; promote business development in the industry; and maintain and provide access to resources and industry information for use by the
public and the industry. An 11 person Organizing Committee was elected to develop a proposal
for NOMA's charter, bylaws, membership requirements, structure, and
form of leadership.  The proposal is to be completed and
distributed within the BBS and online services industry by November
30th, 1993. Discussion areas are being set up immediately for those interested in participating in NOMA's early development.  An Internet mailing list is available to all those interested at natbbs at echonyc.com (subscribe to natbbs-request at echonyc.com).  A conference area is also being made available on the Delphi national information service. The members of NOMA's Organizing Committee are: Phill Liggett - Chairperson LIGGETT at delphi.com Joe Balshone BALSHONE at delphi.com Celeste Clark BBS  (805)520-2300 Pat Clawson 76357.3572 at compuserve.com P. Victor Grambsch - Secretary PVICTOR at delphi.com Tony McClenny BBS (703)648-1841 Robert Pataki PUGDOG at delphi.com W. Mark Richmond BBS (209)685-8487 Steve Sprague steve.sprague at uboa.org Jim Taylor jim.taylor at F5.N310.Z1.FIDONET.ORG Bill Wilt wilt at aol.com In addition, three advisors agreed to assist NOMA's Organizing Committee: Mike Godwin, Esq. mnemonic at eff.org David Johnson, Esq. djohns06 at reach.com Lance Rose, Esq. elrose at echonyc.com For further information, please contact Phill Liggett, (203)233- 3163 or Lance Rose, Esq., (201)509-1700 Mailing Address:    NOMA                     c/o Phill Liggett                     Solutions, Inc.                     89 Seymour Avenue,                     West Hartford, CT  06119
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-04 20:46:30
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Denning in Govt Comp News 
FYI, on sci.crypt W.H. Murray passes along quotes of D. Denning in an
article in Government Computer News, p14, Aug. 30, 1993 by Kevin Power.
If anyone could scan this for the cypherpunk collection it would be appreciated.
In Government Computer News, p14, August 30, 1993, Kevin Power quotes
Dorothy Denning as saying "I am 100 percent certain that there are no
weak keys."  William Hugh Murray, Executive Consultant, Information System Security
49 Locust Avenue, Suite 104; New Canaan, Connecticut 06840                1-0-ATT-0-700-WMURRAY; WHMurray at DOCKMASTER.NCSC.MIL
In the same article kevin Power quotes Denning as having said "The
people at NSA have done more to evaluate than the public algorithm in
DES.  They're way ahead of the game."
I hope Dr. Denning never said anything like that for the record.  Even
if it were true, it would not be knowable.  It would be unprofessional
to make such an unscientific assertion.
William Hugh Murray, Executive Consultant, Information System Security
49 Locust Avenue, Suite 104; New Canaan, Connecticut 06840                1-0-ATT-0-700-WMURRAY; WHMurray at DOCKMASTER.NCSC.MIL
On page 14 of the August 30, 1993 issue of Government Computer News
Kevin Power reports that Dorothy Denning told the Computer System
Security and Privacy Advisory Board that SKIPJACK would not be
compromised by exhaustive attack methods in the next 30 to 40 years.

@_date: 1993-09-06 21:46:31
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Warehouse-Elansky-Ionizer case (fwd from CuD) 
This is perhaps the first mostly factual & objective account coming out
so far on this subject at this very preliminary period, but still
plenty of appended bitter ire. Gives more background on Elansky but has
a definite speculative undertone. More info in comp.org.eff.talk. It
doesn't talk about the rather emotional relation of the bail to other
bail rates (e.g., is it true that murder is $100K standard?) There's
some mushy academic rationalization on Elansky as a
product-of-society-and-environment `rebellious youth':
oh brother. sounds like something Mr. T.C. May would write :-P
Jim Thomas writes on comp.org.eff.talk 8/6/93 that he talked to the
defense attorney of Elansky, and `it sounded as if the defense is in
disarray' (last Tuesday & Thursday). Attorney D. Brown (203-522-3343)
`just returned from vacation', and was unfamiliar with the case
initially, the cyberspatial angle, and EFF. Nevertheless `His first
concern was to get Elansky released.'
Hence, amazingly, it appears that mobilization and publicity of the
defendant's corner has engaged far faster in cyberspace than in his
local `real world' proximity. Perhaps this signals a turning point for
cases of this type.
Preliminary signs, such as in the document below, suggest the `raid'
was fundamentally ill-considered, and given the sheer nonexistence and
paranoia of the prosecution's case so far revealed, and despite what J.
Thomas expects, I think this will probably be a major victory for
Elansky & BBS operator rights. Of course, in cases like this, for a
clear-cut PR victory, the more innocent and upstanding the victim the
more powerful the propaganda. Steve Jackson was absolutely classic in
both respects, and it is unlikely that any case on computer seizure &
constitutionality so momentous will ever return. However, this one
could rate high up there. (As J. Thomas writes below, however, the
so-far invisible media attention is very frustrating. It is possible
there are simply no major sources or reporters aware of it.)
Following came to the newsgroup comp.org.eff.talk via C.M. Kadie,
himself a modern cyberspatial hero.
(Warehouse is the BBS, Ionizer is Elansky's pseudonym.)
[From Computer underground Digest Sun Sep 5 1993 Volume 5 : Issue 69,
 ISSN  1004-042X. For a free on-line subscription, send email to
 tk0jut2 at mvs.cso.niu.edu. -cmk]
Until August 2, Mike Elansky was just another 21 year old student at
the University of Hartford majoring in electronics.  He also ran a BBS
affiliated with the IIRG (International Information Retrieval Guild)
called The Ware House, using "Ionizer" as his handle.
Today (Sept 5), he remains in jail unable to post his $500,000 bond.
His crime?  Judging from newspaper accounts, his family, and his
attorney, it appears to be for exercising his First Amendment rights.
According to the prosecutor's indictment, Elansky's sin involves
creating risk of injury to a minor and advocating violence against law
enforcement agents.  If convicted, he faces up to 10 years in prison.
                              BACKGROUND
The following file elaborates on the details, and there seems little
substantive disagreement over the essential facts of the case.
Elansky was considered by those who knew him as a typically normal
youth with a passion for computers and electronics.  Some have also
noted that he did have an interest in explosives, neither illegal nor
odd, and that he had previous run-ins with the law for relatively
minor, non-violent offenses. This is not unusual in a society in which
up to 25 percent of male colleges students between the ages of 17-22
could say the same thing.  However, nothing officially noted in
Elansky's past seems to provide any reasonable justification for the
current reaction to him.
According to media, the indictment, defense attorney Dick Brown, and
others close to the case, two "anarchy files" led to the indictment.
The files, similar to but not identical with, those found in countless
other similar ASCII files or books (especially The Anarchists Cookbook)
described pyrotechnics. The vocabulary used in the files might be
considered by some to be childish posturing or offensive bad taste.
The prosecutor considered them a direct threat to law enforcement
officers by claiming that they actively advocated violence against
police.  Apparently using a minor to aid them, Hartford police
allegedly downloaded files from The Ware House's file section, and one
in particular drew their attention. According to those who have read
the file and seen the BBS logs, either the file's author or the
uploader, but *not* Elansky, introduced instructions for making an
explosive device with:
      ! Note to
      Law-enforcement type people: !  !  This file is
      intended to promote    !  ! general havoc and
      *ANARCHY*, and     !  ! since your going to be the
      first     !  ! assholes up against the wall.. there
      !  ! isnt a damn thing you can do about   !  ! it,
      pigs!                            !
Silly? Sure. Immature? You bet. Offensive? Depends on your point of
view. In bad taste? Undoubtedly. But, ILLEGAL? Doubtful. Of sufficient
import, even when coupled with pyrotechnic instructions, to warrant
arrest, indictment, and an insurmountable bond?  No way. "Way," says
the prosecutor. According to Elaine Elansky, Mike's mother, the bond
was initially set at $25,000 by the judge, but the prosecutor
intervened and succeeded in raising it.  According to some inside
sources, Elansky was also denied legal representation at critical
points in the initial proceedings.
There appears to be no evidence that Elansky himself advocated or
himself was involved in any activities that advocated violence.  His
apparent interest in explosives, which, according to one informant,
included a legal demonstration of a harmless pyrotechnic display as
part of a licit highschool project, added to the suspicions and
"evidence" against him. However, judging from the indictment, the only
concrete charges and substantive evidence were the "anarchy files."
                       WHAT ARE ANARCHY FILES?
"Anarchy" files have been a common feature of many BBSes since the
emergence of the "computer underground" culture. Their common theme
emphasizes destructive "trashing" often perceived as a primitive form
of social rebellion.  The files range from silly pranks (such as "How
to fuck-up a MacDonalds," which describes "barfing techniques") to
potentially dangerous instructions for making pyrotechnical and
similar devices. Many of the files, especially those that describe
how to manufacture home-made hallucinogens or how to make "weapons"
out of strange combinations of ingredients (make explosives with soap,
vinegar, and talcum powder??), are totally ineffective. Other
instructions are not. However, even the most destructive instructions
that we have seen are simply plagiarized or slightly edited accounts
taken from licit over-the-counter literature or from other sources,
such as U.S. military manuals or highschool/college chemistry classes.
The difference is that creators of anarchy files alter the vocabulary
and rhetoric for a young audience. The new discourse tends to reflect
the social rebellion of youth rather than any serious prescription for
action. And, one is likely to learn more from watching a MacGyver
episode than from most anarchy files.
There is sufficient academic literature on the rebellious subcultures
of youth to support the claim of excessive posturing, attachment to
symbols perceived to be anti-social and shocking, and social rituals
establishing unity and identity among participants in youthful
"deviant" (a sociological, not a moral label) subcultures.  This is a
common part of the maturation process as youths pass from adolescence
to adulthood.  Whether in the form of the counter-culture of the
1960s, "punk-rock"/heavy-metal/thrash-metal" of the last 15 years,
"rap" lyrics that extol violence and misogyny, or even Satanism and
other esoteric and, for some, grossly offensive expressions of
rejection of mainstream society, youth find increasingly creative ways
to shock their elders in a cyclical game of generational freak-outs.
There are, of course, misguided youths unable to distinguish fantasy
posturing from reality.  The most appropriate responses to troubled
youth include non-punitive intervention or, in extreme cases, law
enforcement intervention *after* they violate laws. Perhaps Mike
Elansky is one for whom intervention is appropriate. Or, perhaps not.
Based on the information released to the public so far, there appears
to exist no substantial evidence supporting the indictment other than
the availability of licit, Constitutionally-protected, youth culture
documents symbolizing "wreaking havoc" on the standards of propriety
of adults and "straights," rather than a literal advocacy of physical
assault on persons or property.
                      ISSUES IN THE ELANSKY CASE
Perhaps the prosecutor will find sufficient evidence to try Mike
Elansky for something. Perhaps, even if the facts are as they seem and
evidence of wrong-doing weak, he will be found guilty. After all, the
experiences of Len Rose, Craig Neidorf, Steve Jackson Games, Sun Devil
victims, Rich Andrews, and many others remind us that "justice" is not
always served by the justice system in computer-related cases.
However, the Elansky cases raises broader issues.  Just a few include:
1. THE FIRST AMENDMENT: If, as the prosecutor contends, the files in
question are illegal and subject to felony prosecution with potential
imprisonment, and if, as the next file indicates, the information in
these files is readily accessible to the public through licit
channels, then what is the basis for targeting a BBS sysop for
prosecution while ignoring public libraries and bookstores? Does this
mean that the prosecutor rejects First Amendment protections for
BBSes? If so, the implications for electronic publishing are
staggeringly frightening: It subjects sysops and users to an arbitrary
standard of acceptability that apparently may be determined at the
discretion of individual prosecutors.  Whatever suspicions the
prosecutor may have about Elansky's activities, making the anarchy
files available is the crux of the indictment, and if successful in
his prosecution for making it available, the chilling effect on
electronic publishing will be substantial.
2. ELECTRONIC PUBLISHING: The following IIRG file notes the
availability of numerous anarchy texts and discussions on the nets and
elsewhere. If prosecution of the Elansky case is successful, a
precedent could be established that would stifle both publishing and
public discussion.  If Elansky is found guilty as charged in the
indictment, should administrators at the University of Hartford also
be held liable for making such information available to minors through
its computer facilities? Could other BBS sysops be punished? Would a
user who calls a BBS in New York and downloads the file be at risk for
a federal crime by transporting "illegal files" across state lines?
MEDIA: It appears that Mike Elansky may be less than a saintly naif.
It also appears that he is hardly a hardcore villain.  Perhaps this is
why the media doesn't find his situation worthy of front page news.
But, Mike Elansky, depressing as his situation is, and unjust as his
situation may seem given the current available facts, IS NOT THE
ISSUE.  When The Department of Treasury BBS was criticized for having
virus source code and "underground files" (that included Cu Digest)
available, the story made the front page of the Washington Post, CNN,
the AP Wires, and other media (see CuD 5.51, 5.57, 5.58). When a
poster on The Well, a public access system in California, was using
ASCII to hustle four women, some simultaneously, it made the front
page of the Washington Post, and was given prominent play in Time
Magazine, The Chicago Tribune, The San Francisco Chronicle, and
numerous other papers. On a slow news day, mundane sex and fabricated
scandal sells. Substantive stories that are slow, lack a sexy angle,
or may require thought rather than momentary titillation, are boring.
Yet, the implications of of a kid languishing in jail because he can't
post $500,000 bond for running a BBS with "anarchist" files has
implications of far more import than cyber-sex. Perhaps Mike Elansky
is the next terrorist-from-hell, using his board to plot mayhem, as
his prosecutor suggests. Or, perhaps he is just some young kid who is
being persecuted for exercising First Amendment rights in a form of
persecution that illustrates prosecutorial abuse and trampling of the
Constitution.  Either way, it is curious that those who cover
cyberspace for the major media find "cyber-Lotharios" more worthy of
investigation than a story with substance.  Something is not right in
Hartford, and therein lies the story.
                           A FINAL COMMENT
The battle over symbolic boundaries between "good" and "evil" often
reflects conflicts of clashing values and cultures. When laws are used
creatively as weapons to suppress distasteful, but licit, language and
behavior rather than to enforce the law and ensure Constitutionally
protected rights, then the government abuses the law. To recast former
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis's 1928 comment, if
government abuses law, it breeds contempt for law and invites people
to become a law unto themselves--it invites anarchy.  Whatever Mike
Elansky may or may not have done, the implications of the ostensible
indictment for publishing "anarchy files" seem to overstep both the
spirit and the letter of the Constitution.  Judging from the facts
currently available, it appears that the handling of the Elansky case
may be another instance of law enforcement excess in attempting to
police cyberspace.  If so, continued attempts by law enforcement to
impose moral standards by excessive use of law cannot be ignored.
Dissemination of information, especially information that puts others
at risk, also entails responsibilities. It strikes me as far more
appropriate to discuss the implications of information made
increasingly accessible by expanding information technology rather
than attempt to establish moral boundaries by fear of prosecution.

@_date: 1993-09-07 20:31:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the Pitfalls and the Pendulum of Anonymity 
baumbach at atmel.com (Peter Baumbach) raise the problem with the
anon.penet.fi remailer: he sends email to someone who does not have an
ID on the server. They reply, causing the server to automatically
allocate them an ID. He now knows their anonymous ID. This can also
happen if somebody `accidentally' responds to a message directed to
their `cleartext identity' (not sent through the server) anonymously
through the server.
Since no one else has posted on this yet I will.  The short answer is
that you can tell them to use your address `na[x]' and their anonymous
identity won't be revealed, and if they are using the server they might
know that (is it stated in the introduction material? it sure should be).
The collective list psyche realized this was a problem in an epiphany
about 6 months ago (due credit, I recall it was Deadbeat who brought it
to everyone's attention). It was a very lively exchange because J.
Helsingius was also involved simultaneously. (In fact, I'd call it one
of the few great testaments to cypherpunk prowess.) The problem is
rooted in two circumstances:
(1) the server was mainly intended for posting to newsgroups at its
origination, where the automated anonymizing (J. Helsingius' term:
`automated double blinding') makes sense. If someone posts to a
newsgroup anonymously, it is harmless and perhaps beneficial for
replies to that posting to be automatically anonymized.
(2) however, a major use of the server is email-to-email mail, so to
speak. in this case the scenario raised by Deadbeat in the past &
Baumbach recently reveals the pitfalls in the `feature'.
the automated anonymizing feature, implemented with the best of
intentions, has come back to haunt J. Helsingius rather rudely--it is
perhaps the greatest weakness of the server, other than the corrected
`forge-without-passwords' aspect (where someone can forge an email
message from: address and possibly determine anonymous-to-identity
mappings through trial and error if no passwords are used).
J. Helsingius has announced grand visions for the amazing, spectacular,
and impending Mark II server that will incorporate full encryption
(user keys mappings and a server key), along with a new default in
which replies to anonymous email will not be automatically anonymized.
Arriving `sometime in the fall'. If anyone wants it sooner, donate a
hard drive or something to this great living cypherpatriot, who has
personally monitored contributed to the list for suggestions and
maintenance over many months span.
There are multitudes of treacherous pitfalls to anonymity, far more
complex than the mere simplicity of keeping a password secret, and it
requires almost superhuman attention, precision, and cleverness to
avoid them all. It is like juggling multiple identities. In fact, the
studies on multiple personality disorder are very fascinating in this
light. Under an anonymous identity, one must respond as if certain
knowledge is known and other aspects are *not* known. This reminds me
of cases of MPD in which one personality can drive a car, and the other
cannot, for example. Analogously, if I revealed in some anonymous
message that I knew some secret or private aspect of one of my other
identities, `the jig is up'.
In fact, it would be very useful to try to enumerate all the various
pitfalls of maintaining an anonymous identity. One trick might go like
this: carry on a conversation with a person anonymously. Then, suppose
one has a pretty good guess of the person's identity. Send the next
snippet in the dialogue to the cleartext identity of your suspect. If
s/he responds as if nothing was different in the conversation, carrying
it on further, using the anonymous ID or even the regular one, you have
it nailed. If you get the response `what are you talking about?' the
test was inconclusive. This shows the absolute importance of looking to
*whom* a message you received was addressed to! was it to *you* or to
*you* or to ...
Ah--anonymity is such a delicate facade, and it is an apt symbolism on
multiple levels when the only difference between silent secrecy and
horrifying exposure teeters precariously [as if] on the order of the
two typed keystrokes `na'!
p.s. I would like to know if there is a way to (1) automatically get
traffic statuses from anon.penet.fi, and (2) get a list of supported newsgroups.

@_date: 1993-09-09 00:42:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: BBS operator rights -- a paper 
appended below. A paper by jmbell at DARMOK.WIN.NET(Jonathan Bell) on BBS
operator & user rights. Somewhat speculative: points out existing legal
framework is woefully inadequate to deal with this `fundamentally new
category' combining `the mass communications functions of publisher,
distributor, broadcaster, advertiser and utility rolled into one'.
(imagine the revolutions of the telephone, television, printing press
combined -- that's one of my analogies)
he has it backwards -- now, *less* than ever (with things like
cyberspatial anonymity). I guess he's got a point though.
actually, I think societal attitudes on `libel' `slander' and
`defamation' and `sedition' (wink wink) are going to be radically
transformed over the next few decades.
1) a mere posting alone is meaningless, and people will begin to
understand that offense is in the eye of the beholder. if there is no
tracable author there can be no `responsibility' and no one should
overreact as if there is.
2) overreaction will decrease. in fact I see networks as sort of a
automatic PC (policitically correct) countering device. People that are
incredibly sensitive about sexist language or whatever the current
fashionable academic term is will tend to get flamed into oblivion.
Likewise people that overreact to anonymous spew. Likewise, however,
people that are prejudiced get nailed into a more moderate consensus
too. Rough humans will get to be increasingly polished by the
torrential downpour of cyberspace.
also, concepts of `copyright' will be radically transformed. the
situation will be such that the `netiquette' will evolve where authors
are required to include hypertext *pointers* to actual works, rather
than copying the work itself. In this way many diverse problems (such
as automatic updating, handling fee charging, etc.) are localized to
the correct location (the author himself).
However, I also foresee a great deal of future turmoil and turbulence
on all these topics. We will probably reach a crescendo of outcry about
the time the first unrestricted commercial networks appear, say, mid-to-late 90s.
((MODERATORS' NOTE: For parsimony, we reproduce here only the first
and last two paragraphs of Johnathan Bell's paper, which summarize
his central themes. His points are well-argued, and the copious
footnotes should be of value to scholars. The entire paper can be
obtained from the CuD ftp archives. We recommend it)).
 A CLASS LIKE NONE OTHER:  HOW THE TRADITIONAL MEDIA CLASSIFICATIONS
              FAIL TO PROTECT IN THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER
                           by Jonathan Bell
August 4, 1993
Mass Communications Law and Ethics
Dwight Teeter - Summer 1993
Imagine the mass communications functions of publisher, distributor,
broadcaster, advertiser and utility rolled into one and you might find
that the beast before you is being operated out of your own home -- or
at least that of a friend or neighbor.  The computer bulletin board
(BBS) offers a variety of services to its users: shopping, electronic
mail, public discussion of hot topics, free software, free advice,
news. All that may sound idealistic but it is here. The only thing
endangering BBS' and their system operators' (sysops') ability to run
them is a legal system unclear and uneducated about the First
Amendment held dearly by those who keep them going, whether they are
the users or the operators.
Exactly where BBS' stand in the legal structure has not been
definitively decided by anyone. Getting sysops to agree has yet to be
accomplished, users see things differently and lawyers and government
often have views widely divergent from the thoughts of the other two.
The simple fact that the proper status of bulletin boards has yet to
be answered reasonably opens up the dire need for a new media
classification system. No one sees eye to eye, and assurances that the
right thing will always be done do not work.
                      *************************
It may seem shocking for users today to learn that more than ever they
are responsible for what they write and what they distribute. The
ability to have your voice heard is unprecedented but so is the
capability to harm. The media lessons of copyright, privacy and
defamation still are being taught on the networks today. They will
continue as more people log on to the networks at hand, spreading
their personage electronically.
Education can answer many of the problems facing the electronic world
today. But no puzzles are solvable until computer information systems
and bulletin boards are granted the highest degree of First Amendment
rights and freedom from liability necessary to keep the waves of
public exchange coming throughout the future.
ANONYMOUS FTP SITES:
  UNITED STATES:  ftp.eff.org (192.88.144.4) in /pub/cud
                  etext.archive.umich.edu (141.211.164.18)  in /pub/CuD/cud
                  halcyon.com( 202.135.191.2) in /pub/mirror/cud
                  aql.gatech.edu (128.61.10.53) in /pub/eff/cud
  AUSTRALIA:      ftp.ee.mu.oz.au (128.250.77.2) in /pub/text/CuD.
  EUROPE:         nic.funet.fi in pub/doc/cud. (Finland)
                  ftp.warwick.ac.uk in pub/cud (United Kingdom)

@_date: 1993-09-09 01:02:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Government access: satire (from CuD) 
Also from CuD  Wed  Sep 8 1993   Volume 5 : Issue 70, a brilliant and
scalding satirization by john at ZYGOT.ATI.COM(John Higdon) of points that
J. Warren raises in favor of the `government online database access
bill' in California, AB1624. J. Warren provided a boilerplate letter,
very persuasive in many ways from a *citizen* point of view, for anyone
to fax to a specific obstinate legislator on the matter (copies
included in many forums).
I've been tracking this controversy with great interest, and have
forwarded various developments to the cypherpunk list. This last
conquest is a fantastic, dazzling example of cyberspatial democracy in
action. In this case, J. Warren has done, and continues to do, a
totally inspired job of coordinating resources, targeting critical
legislators and aspects of the law-making process, building consensus,
coordination, and tightly focused organization. More than ever, this
effort suggests that Legislators are very high up on the list of
Endangered Bureacrats and Future Obsolescence. J. Warren gets my vote
as Cypherpunk of the Month.
78-to-0? my *gosh*. Warren appears to have greater diplomatic and
lobbying tenacity, and of course, fundamental splendor in his
proposals, than our esteemed President and Vice President (the latter
just appearing on David Letterman to plug the latest `streamlining
government' plan with all the juicy catchwords like `empowering
workers' and `corporation reformation').
This California Database Access bill will help pave the way for future
success in Federal ones. Note that there is a lot of bickering going on
at that level between groups Taxpayer Assets Project (rep. Jamie Love)
and EFF (rep. Shari Steele) in support of two different congressional
bills, one the Owens bill. We have to get our houses in order to
succeed at the national level so spectacularly, but we have a *major*
victory under the belt that will aid the Cyberspatial Reality
Advancement Movement tremendously.
((MODERATORS' NOTE: While we often share John's cynicism, which he
expresses satirically below, it appears that Jim Warren's idealism and
belief in collective action were *not* misplaced.  A few minutes ago,
CuD learned that Jim Warren's (and others') efforts to pass the
California electronic access bill that would increase availability of
public documents to the public were rewarded. Warren's model letters
and other strategies were instrumental in today's final passage of the
legislation. See File  below)).
Jim Warren presented a substantial argument in his "Model Letter" to
John Burton. But it is entirely based upon the premise that anyone in
the California state government gives two hoots or a holler about the
citizenry. Therefore I appoint myself official (tongue-in-cheek)
spokesperson for our state legislature and answer each of Mr. Warren's
arguments against the charging of fees for on-line access to state
documents. (My apologies for anything that seems true enough to be
mistaken for seriousness.)
Mr. Warren, you obviously think that any of us here in Sacramento give
a damn about how much anything in government costs. The money comes out
of your pocket, not ours. We collect it from you in taxes. We even will
track you down after you retire in another state to make sure we get
our pound of flesh. I hope that answers your concern regarding costs.
Mr. Warren, where on earth have you been all of your life. Of course
people with money and position have the power. We have campaign
contributions to work off here. Actually, there are several issues at work.
Newspapers are our friends. They give us mindless, unquestioning access
to the public with our press hand-outs and print what we make
convenient. On the other hand, people who are too poor to pay fees for
on-line document access are probably radical trouble makers. We don't
need that kind of riff-raff examining what we do here in Sacramento.
Naturally. Students have always been a pain in our rear. Thankfully, as
a group, their voting record stinks. The last thing we want to do is
incite these children into recklessly exercising their rights. And for
heaven's sake, why on earth would we want a bunch of homeless bums to
know what is going on in Sacrmento? And the beard and glasses types
that frequent libraries--well, need I say more?
No shit Sherlock! Did someone lead you to think that we had some desire
to make our silly shenanigans public?
Did you ever consider that maybe money is not the issue here, but
rather denial of access? Give us some credit. But a nice bonus in
having fees built into the system is the fact that we know perfectly
well that people will ignore the law. This gives us carte blanche to
"round up all the usual suspects" should we decide that someone has
spoken the wrong thing at the wrong time. When we want to "put someone
away", it is most useful to have some trumped up charge. Not paying
fees is made to order.
Mr. Warren, we KNOW that. In addition to the above, we are provided
with a great excuse to monitor and search and seize to our hearts'
Don't get us wrong--we support high-tech. But only in big corporations.
These garage operations, "loose cannons" if you will, scare the bloody
crap out of us. The idea that ordinary people can, unsupervised and in
private, create, develop, and manipulate data seen and read by other
ordinary people--using high-tech means, no less--strikes at the very
core of our benevolent purpose. That purpose is to protect you and
other citizens from unnecessary contact with data and devices that you
need not know anything about. We, and our corporate contributors--er, I
mean the corporations who are under our thumb--oops, rather the high
tech industry will handle everything and take care of you.
Green stuff is only for serving our agenda. Do not try to use that
"green" nonsense on us. We invented the hype so we could raise your
taxes. We are pleased that it has been effective. But do not attempt to
con your government. We invented the practice.
Mr. Warren, as I explained earlier, the mindless newspapers are our
friends. Your rabble-rousing "electronic publishers" say things we
don't like, and have a "readership" that we would just as soon not see the
material. Remember the key word "access". Access is something that all
of us in government would just as soon you and all the other bozo
constituents NOT have.
Hey, if we had our druthers, we would turn that off in a minute. All we
have between us and you clowns is a mountain of paperwork and
procedures. Are you seriously asking us to strip that away? You think
we WANT to hear from you between elections? Get real, son.
(End of comments as tongue-in-cheek government spokesperson.)
While the above may be pulling at the corners just a little, it is my
personal opinion that there is contained more truth than fiction. There
are two things to always remember about government bureaucrats: cost is
never an issue; and none wants you to know what really goes on in
government. After all, you pay the bill and what you don't know won't
hurt you.

@_date: 1993-09-09 01:17:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: PRZ: ``is DES dead? '' 
seen on info.pem-dev, headers deleted
Michael Weiner presented a paper at Crypto93 that describes a fast DES
key search engine that uses a special inside-out DES chip that he designed.
This chip takes a single plaintext/ciphertext pair and quickly tries DES keys until it finds one that produces the given ciphertext from the
given plaintext.  Weiner can get these chips made for $10.50 each in quantity,
and can build a special machine with 57000 of these chips for $1 million.
This machine can exhaust the DES key space in 7 hours, finding a key
in 3.5 hours on the average.  He works for Bell Northern Research in Ottawa, and says they have not actually built this machine, but he has
the chip fully designed and ready for fabrication.  This is a stunning breakthrough in the realization of practical DES
cracking.  BTW-- note that PEM uses straight 56-bit DES.
Forwarded message:
at Aug 31, 93 11:32 am

@_date: 1993-09-09 01:32:12
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: priorities for cyberspatial infrastructure from Roundtable 
Communications Roundtable (CPSR, EFF, TAP, etc.) has established these
items as priorities in the Information Infrastructure.
Cypherpunks: it occured to me that we could gain a lot of valuable
knowledge with how to commence with this `infrastructure building' by
looking at historical analogues. While the advent of cyberspace is
clearly straight out of the 21st century, we have many parallels to
large government building programs throughout the whole American
history. What policies were beneficial in colonizing the frontier?
which ones were detrimental? Railroads? Highway system? What should we
have done differently? In some cases the government provided subsidies
to private companies to develop segments and to promote widespread
public access. How can we prevent abuse of these funds? Was this
generally a successful approach? Is this the best way to go about it?
There's a *tremendous* need for informed, thorough, impartial papers on
this subject, and not just policy statements from groups that say `this
is how it should be' with the words `because it would benefit *us* the
most' in between the lines... (Not suggesting that the below is
anything of this type, though. In fact, the roundtable represents an
excellent diversity of views in computer rights areas, IMHO--dunno
about commercial interests though.)
This document identifies as priorities:
1.  UNIVERSAL ACCESS
2.  FREEDOM TO COMMUNICATE
3.  VITAL CIVIC SECTOR
4.  DIVERSE AND COMPETITIVE MARKETPLACE
5.  EQUITABLE WORKPLACE
6.  PRIVACY
7.  DEMOCRATIC POLICYMAKING
Roundtable contacts appended.
          RENEWING THE COMMITMENT TO A PUBLIC INTEREST
                  TELECOMMUNICATIONS POLICY
            Telecommunications Policy Roundtable
                      September 1, 1993
A communications revolution is underway as profound as the
introduction of the printing press.  A new "National Information
Infrastructure" is rapidly moving into place -- which will carry
video, audio, and data information into homes and offices across
the country.  Its emergence will produce fundamental shifts in
American life, transforming everything from work to education to
government to culture.   Because the health of our democracy is
inextricably linked to the nature of our communications system,
this new information infrastructure raises far-reaching
questions about our country and its transition into the next
century:  Who will own these networks?  Who will have access to
them?  What steps will be taken to preserve public institutions?
Policy decisions made during the next few years will shape the
communications system for decades to come.  Enlightened policies
could harness the power of these new technologies to ameliorate
many of our nation's most critical problems by revitalizing
civic institutions, expanding educational opportunities,
enhancing access to health care services, and improving job
training.  However, without a clear commitment to public goals,
this promise will never be fulfilled.Instead, many of the
shortcomings of our present telecommunications system will be
intensified and a host of more serious problems created.   There
is already a growing disparity between the technologically
affluent and the technologically disenfranchised that endangers
our social fabric.
Policy makers must ensure that the development of the
information infrastructure reflects the public interest spirit
that has long guided our country's communications policies:  our
commitment to a national telephone system available to all gave
rise to the concept of "universal service," enabling those in
the most remote parts of the nation to have access to the means
of communication; our commitment to making noncommercial
educational, arts, and public affairs programming available to
all Americans led to the creation of a public broadcasting
Our government has the responsibility as public trustee to
ensure that new communications technologies serve the democratic
and social needs of our country.  The rise of new technologies
and new businesses has increased the importance of this
responsibility.  The convergence of once separate industries
requires a new policy framework for the information
infrastructure, rooted in the shared values of our country
and dedicated to the common good.
We call on the President and the Congress to pursue a broad and
public interest vision for the National Information
Infrastructure.  We must move beyond narrow and short-term
interests and embrace a view that reflects the great diversity
and richness of our country.  Our policies should reflect the
values of a democratic government -- openness, participation,
and discussion.  They must be inclusive and generous in spirit,
ensuring that all segments of our pluralistic society have
meaningful access to the telecommunications system. These are
the principles on which a great nation has been built.
As representatives of many nonprofit and public interest
organizations, we believe that the following principles must
guide policy making in order to ensure that future generations
inherit an information infrastructure which enhances the quality
of life for everyone.
                PUBLIC INTEREST PRINCIPLES
1.  UNIVERSAL ACCESS
All people should have affordable access to the information
Fundamental to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness in
the Information Age is access to video, audio, and data networks
that provide a broad range of news, public affairs, education,
health, and government information and services.  Such services
should be provided in a user-friendly format, widely available
to everyone, including persons with disabilities.  Information
that is essential in order to fully participate in a democratic
society should be provided free.
2.  FREEDOM TO COMMUNICATE
The information infrastructure should enable all people to
effectively exercise their fundamental right to communicate.
Freedom of speech should be protected and fostered by the new
information infrastructure, guaranteeing the right of every
person to communicate easily, affordably, and effectively.  The
design of the infrastructure should facilitate two-way, audio
and video communication from anyone to any individual, group, or
network.  The rights of creators must be protected, while
accommodating the needs of users and libraries.
Telecommunication carriers should not be permitted to constrain
the free flow of information protected by the First Amendment.
3.  VITAL CIVIC SECTOR
The information infrastructure must have a vital civic sector at
its core.
For our democracy to flourish in the 21st Century, there must be
a vital civic sector which enables the meaningful participation
of all segments of our pluralistic society.   Just as we have
established public libraries and public highways, we must create
public arenas or "electronic commons" in the media landscape.
This will require the active involvement of a broad range of
civic institutions --  schools, universities, and libraries,
not-for-profit groups, and governmental organizations.  It will
also require vibrant public telecommunications networks at the
national, regional, and state level.
4.  DIVERSE AND COMPETITIVE MARKETPLACE
The information infrastructure should ensure competition among
ideas and information providers.
The information infrastructure must be designed to foster a
healthy marketplace of ideas, where a full range of viewpoints
is expressed and robust debate is stimulated.  Individuals,
nonprofits, and for-profit information providers need ready
access to this marketplace if it is to thrive.  To ensure
competition among information providers, policies should be
developed to lower barriers to entry (particularly for small
and independent services); telecommunications carriers should
not be permitted to control programming; and antitrust policies
should be vigorously enforced to prevent market dominance by
vertically-integrated media monopolies.
5.  EQUITABLE WORKPLACE
New technologies should be used to enhance the quality of work
and to promote equity in  the workplace.
Because the information infrastructure will transform the
content and conduct of work, policies should be developed to
ensure that electronic technologies are utilized to improve the
work environment rather than dehumanize it.   Workers should
share the benefits of the increased productivity that those
technologies make possible.  The rights and protections that
workers now enjoy should be preserved and enhanced.  To
encourage nondiscriminatory practices throughout the information
marketplace, public policy should promote greater representation
of women, people of color, and persons with disabilities at all
levels of management.
6.  PRIVACY
Privacy should be carefully protected and extended.
A comprehensive set of policies should be developed to ensure
that the privacy of all people is adequately protected.  The
collection of personal data should be strictly limited to the
minimum necessary to provide specific services.  Sharing data
collected from individuals should only be permitted with their
informed consent, freely given without coercion.  Individuals
should have the right to inspect and correct data files about
them.  Innovative billing practices should be developed that
increase individual privacy.
7.  DEMOCRATIC POLICYMAKING
The public should be fully involved in policy making for the
information infrastructure.
The public must be fully involved in all stages of the
development and ongoing regulation of the information
infrastructure.  The issues are not narrow technical matters
which will only affect us as consumers; they are fundamental
questions that will have profound effects on us as citizens
and could reshape our democracy.  Extensive efforts should be
made to fully inform the public about what is at stake, and to
encourage broad discussion and debate.  The policy process
should be conducted in an open manner with full press scrutiny.
Effective mechanisms should be established to ensure continued
public participation in telecommunications policymaking.
    Persons wanting more information about the Roundtable are
urged to contact:
     Jeff Chester, Center for Media Education, 202/628-2620;
     cme at access.digex.net
     Marc Rotenberg, CPSR, 202/544-9240;
     rotenberg at washofc.cpsr.org
     Prue Adler, Association of Research Libraries,
     202/296-8656, prue at cni.org

@_date: 1993-09-09 22:47:33
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: IETF + PEM = Internet Commerce 
Report: the IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) is very pro-commerce
and recently met in Amsterdam for a session to discuss Internet
Mercantile Protocols (IMP). It would allow consumers & companies on the
Internet to combine PEM and MIME to complete and automate commercial transactions.
J. C. Davin, previously of Bellcore helped initiate the IMP project. He
envisions a standard that would allow companies to sell data such as
image files or software. Another approach being considered would allow
a sort of `home shopping network' approach.
Meeting m Amsterdam minutes can be found at thumper.bellcore.com. Directory path: pub/devetzis/imp. Get: imp-archive.
Mail me for more information.
- - -
On a related note, Bob Metcalf of IETF and columnist for InfoWorld was
on NPR recently and talked about the `pampered elite' of people with
Unix machines that are currently using the internet. The comment was
clarified to mean that a vast audience of people with PCs and Macs and
other low-end computers are mostly unconnected. IETF membership info appended.
He shows a strong commitment to:
1) increasing address space for participants of the next century -
`upgrading in one of the biggest cutovers since Great Britain decided
to drive on the right side of the road'
2) exploiting ATM with ``cell-based protocols, operating systems, and
applications.  Otherwise, the Internet stays stuck in its current
20-year-old ASCII-bound applications -- TELNET, FTP, and E-mail.''
3) strong support for *individual* subscribers vs. the current
institutional monopoly, with ISDN playing a central role
4) he's in favor of usage billing as a critical aspect of commercial
development. ``Internet carriers must be able, as are telephone
companies, to settle with one another for traffic carried on behalf of
each other's customers.''
 From: Bob_Metcalfe at ccgate.infoworld.com ("Bob Metcalfe")

@_date: 1993-09-09 23:58:16
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: ViaCrypt PGP Announcement clarifications 
- using their own cryptographic routines DigiSig+ (by necessity)
- first release scheduled early Nov. 1993
- Windows & Mac versions in 1994
- source code *not* released
- no indication of `reviews' or QA by PRZ etc.
------- Forwarded Message
     Internet messages pertaining to ViaCrypt(tm) PGP(tm) have
been very positive but somewhat overwhelming.  With dozens of
messages received by Phil and passed on to ViaCrypt, this general
response will have to suffice until we can get back with more
personalized messages.
     First, ViaCrypt (a division of 17-year-old Lemcom Systems,
Inc.) presently has a PKP patent sublicense for its line of
DigiSig+(tm) software and hardware cryptographic engines.  By
using ViaCrypt's licensed DigiSig+ software cryptographic engine
for the RSA technology, and marrying it to most of the PGP code,
we will produce a totally compatible and legal commercial product
which is called ViaCrypt PGP.
     Second, there is a little work required before we can start
shipping.  Most significantly, PGP is being modified to
substitute the DigiSig+ cryptographic engine in the ViaCrypt PGP
product.  With the more generalized interface of the DigiSig+
cryptographic engine, ViaCrypt PGP may run slightly slower than
PGP but otherwise you won't notice any difference.  ViaCrypt will
attempt to minimize any performance differences in future
     ViaCrypt's patent sublicense from PKP only permits object
code to be distributed.  That may create uneasiness for some
people, but is necessary to market ViaCrypt PGP.
     Following are excerpts from the press release for ViaCrypt
PGP dated 3 September 1993:
     "ViaCrypt PGP will be available in object code for the DOS environment in early November, 1993.  ViaCrypt intends to make
the program available on a wide range of additional platforms. UNIX versions will soon follow.  To provide a high degree of
interoperability, the company expects to announce a Windows
version, Macintosh version, and ports to several other platforms
in 1994.
     ViaCrypt PGP for DOS prices are $199.95 for a single user
license, $599.95 for a five user license, and $1,649.95 for a 20
user license.  Shipping and handling are extra.  As an
introductory promotional offer, these prices are discounted 50%
for orders received through the end of 1993.  Multiple-user
licenses for 50 or more are also available from ViaCrypt.  Prices
for ViaCrypt PGP on other platforms may vary and will be          established at announcement time."
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-10 00:03:31
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Waco Raid: Justice Dept. requests FOIA IMMUNITY! 
Just what we need -- a whole new field day for the disconsolate Kennedy
conspiracy theorist industry! Maybe they'll let us see *these*
documents in 2050 or so!
(Disclaimer: of course, this has only tangential relevance to the list,
but it has formed one of the hottest, most recurring, and emotional
topics on the list, and hopefully everyone who would flame me for
posting it here has already deleted the message based on the subject
line! so NYAAHH!)
------- Forwarded Message
By Richard Ginn , Ithaca, New York, USA - 9 Sept. 1993 - The United States Justice Department has requested that all files relating
to the Waco, Texas [Branch Davidian - David Koresh and friends] raid by
U.S. Government forces and the resulting deaths be exempted from all
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) inquiries and that the files be sealed
so that no one may make any further inquiries into the Waco incident.
The full text of the request can be found in the United States Federal
Register, Volume 58, Number 156, on Monday August 16, 1993, page 43312. The period for comment on this action expires on September 15, 1993 (six
days from the date of this message), after which the files will be sealed
if there is no opposing comment by the public.
- - 30 -
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-10 01:08:16
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: WACO: commentary, addresses to write 
wow, I guess this has been known in cyberspace since last friday. just goes
to show you I don't read all the conspiracy newsgroups, eh? :)
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns,talk.politics.misc,alt.individualism,alt.activism,misc.legal
           BATF GOES FOR COVER-UP OF WACO FIASCO,
            WRITE TO TREASURY NOW TO PROTEST!!!
compound in Waco, Texas, have now mounted an attack on the American
people's right to know facts behind the tragedy. The Tresury Department
is seeking to deny public access to invesitgative reports probing the
government's actions leading to the Waco conflagration
     You have until September 15 to protest against this cover-up.
Comments (preferably in triplicate) should be sent to the Dept. of the
Tresaury, Office of Enforcemnet, Room 4312, 1500 Pennslyvania Ave.,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20220.
                           WRITE NOW!
findings of the Waco investigation to "protect investigative techniques
and procedures."  What they are really doing is hiding the truth from
the American people and preventing the people from making an accurate
judgment on the BATF actions in Waco.  This action is being taken at teh
same time critizism of the raid is mounting.
come under intense criticism, with stories in a number of major papers,
the Washington Times the latest (Sept. 2).  Experts who have researched
the warrant have stated that it never should have been granted because
the affidavit did not meet legal requirements.
the LA riots, said to have been spoken three weeks before the riots
happened; no probable cause based on information included in the
warrant; inaccurate description of the firearms in possession of Koresh;
and only technical, if any, violations of firearms laws.  As a result of
this intense pressure, there has been speculation in the press that
Stephen Higgins, BATF Director and other top BATF officials may be
forced out.  However, to counter the growing outcry, the Treasury is now
taking steps to seal away information from the investigation of the
tragedy.  That is, they are trying to cover it all up.
files of the "Waco Administrative Review Group Investigation", the panel
assigned to investigate the assault on the Branch Davidian Compound.
This means that Freedom of Information Act requests for information will
be denied, and the public will not have access to this information.
This is a blatant effort to cover-up the blunders in Waco.  It can only
be stopped if people cry-out in protest.
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
Departmental Offices (DEPO) 31 CFR Part 1
Proposed rule: Privacy Act of 1974, as Amended; Exemption of System of
Records From Certain Provisions
Contact: Nichole L. Jenkins, 202-622-0450
Comment Date: 09/15/93
(FEDREGISTER 58 FR 43312 08/16/93; 538 lines.)
*Proposed Rules*
--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
Departmental Offices
31 CFR Part 1
Privacy Act of 1974, as Amended; Exemption of System of Records From
Certain Provisions
AGENCY: Departmental Offices, Department of the Treasury.
ACTION: Proposed rule.
SUMMARY: In accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Act of 1974,
as amended, Departmental Offices, Office of Enforcement is proposing to
exempt a system of records, the Waco Administrative Review Group
Investigation (DO/.207) from certain provisions of the Privacy Act. The
exemptions are intended to increase the value of the system of records
for law enforcement and investigative purposes, to comply with legal
prohibitions against the disclosure of certain kinds of information, and
to protect the privacy of individuals identified in the system of
records. The exemptions are intended to increase the value of the system
of records for the factfinding investigation and administrative review
performed by the Waco Administrative Review Group so as not to reveal
local, state or Federal law enforcement techniques, sources and methods
or affect the ability of law enforcement agencies to prosecute people
for criminal wrongdoing.
DATES: Comments must be received no later than September 15, 1993.
ADDRESSES: Comments (preferably in triplicate) must be submitted to the
Department of the Treasury, Office of Enforcement, room 4312, 1500
Pennsylvania Ave., NW., Washington, DC 20220.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Nichole L. Jenkins, Attorney, Office of
the Assistant General Counsel (Administrative & General Law), (202) 622-
0450, room 1410, 1500 Pennsylvania Ave., NW., Washington, DC 20220.
                Downloaded from GUN-TALK (703-719-6406)
                A service of the
                National Rifle Association
                Institute for Legislative Action
                Washington, DC 20036

@_date: 1993-09-10 21:48:28
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Usenet on CDs - info 
Hello cypherpunks. I've been trying to track down the Internet legend
of `Usenet on CD' haphazardly for some time, and finally got lucky by
accident.  The first service was apparently started by Kent Landfield,
a FAQ editor and entrepreneur who worked with 3 others and `quickly
became overwhelmed' by the response and demand. This was under the
company Sterling Software. They handed it off to CD Publishing
Corporation, Vancouver, British Columbia, CA who is at this moment
distributing Usenet on CDs!
Each disk has about 600 megabytes of news. Shipped within 30 days after
the last date on the disk. Uses standard ISO 9660 CD format, Rock Ridge
extension planned.  They have Mac and Unix software on the disk, DOS
software planned, with other software acceptable if it is ISO 9660
compliant. Prices range from $40 + 5 s/h per disk down to $24 per disk for 24 disks.
The legal aspects of this are interesting. K. Landfield
is probably one of the best experts on
dealing with laywers on internet topics, and on copyright law &
redistribution rights as they apply to Usenet. Interestingly, notably
the highest traffic Usenet groups are purposely *omitted* from the
disks based on copyright quagmires:
BTW, the fact that semi- and wholly-pornographic material comprises a
very large portion of Usenet traffic (see news.lists) makes the whole
Usenet medium somewhat vulnerable to future legislative and public
assaults. Remember that new NY Tax increase on telecommunications
services I posted? The `conventional wisdom' is that it isn't very
threatening, just a `sin tax' on the `phone sex' numbers. Now, look at
how much of Usenet traffic is in lewd digitized pictures, and decide if
smugness and complacency are maintainable!
For orders, inquiries, and technical support, please contact :
        NetNews on CD's
        CD Publishing Corporation
        4824 Fraser Street
        Vancouver, British Columbia
        Canada  V5V 4H4
        604-874-1430
        800-333-7565 (USA)
        604-874-1431 (FAX)
Note: E-mail orders currently cannot be accepted.

@_date: 1993-09-10 22:07:59
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: offshore data havens, from RISKs 
OK, here's an *excellent* opportunity to get some cypherpunk exposure
on RISKS. Amazingly, we haven't really been seen there before. I move
that T.C. May or some other prominent cypherpunk write a letter
representative of group interest and ideas on the subject. But anyone
who feels they have something to say on the subject should pass on a
letter to increase our chances of `getting published'. I would, but
offshore data havens are not my niche. Everyone, *don't* argue about the specifics of the letter on the list

@_date: 1993-09-10 22:53:50
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Digital warfare 
Mr. McCoy  of `strong cryptography' and `anarchy':
that is, I think this is absolutely baseless. Cash is just as untraceable as a
cryptographically encoded message. Have governments collapsed on the
existence of cash? (well, there's this thing called inflation, but
that's something else...)  Do we really think that criminals will
flourish if only they could get their hands on digital cash? don't
criminals make a pretty ingenious use of all the rudimentary tools in
use today? is lack of strong cryptography or digital cash preventing
all kinds of sordid mischief, criminality, and terrorism? is the fate
of the world teetering on the use of the RSA algorithm for [x] size
keys or the ability to generate primes and factor numbers?
Definitely, these new technologies will give rise to new *forms* of
criminality, but the delicate ratio between `lawful citizens' and `evil
violators' will assuredly always stay the same. Actually, truly
powerful new technology, despite all the rampant and paranoid fears of
the populace, has always inherently favored virtue and order in the long run.
While I also find the anarchic talk on the list someone disconcerting
and misguided, I find it ridiculous to claim that cryptography is a
technology that is inherently conducive to anarchy or the deterioration
of social order. It *is* conducive, however, to a new kind of
government and order unlike any we've ever seen before, and
unfortunately it will be so unlike anything in historical experience --
so unlike any `order' we've ever imagined -- that perhaps the crude
term `anarchy' is the most apropos of all in our vocabulary. Bush was
right on only one count in his characterization of `The New World
Order' -- in supposing it exists. Otherwise, the cypherpunks take over
the true vision.
I *do* believe that we will see entirely new `taxation' systems with
the advent of digital cash. It will just be exercised (or `excised') in
different ways. We are likely to see mechanisms at the digital bank
point for collecting a `transaction tax' (what a sales tax is today).
We may also see the creation of `virtual governments' in which the
geographical location of an individual is irrelevant to his choice of
government, and perhaps for the first time in history the individual
can choose freely among all those that exist, to that which best suits
his preferences, and the so-called `social contract' between the
citizen and his government is actually made *explicit* for the first
time. This will all happen on some levels.
But only the silly, pale bureacrats in the NSA attribute the Collapse
of the World and the Plague of the BoogieMen to the advent and
proliferation of strong cryptography.  Cryptography is not synonymous
with tax evasion, terrorism, or utter chaos. It is simply as neutral,
powerful, and liberating as communication itself. In fact, for the
first time we are beginning to realize what `communication' truly entails.

@_date: 1993-09-11 23:04:11
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: EC proposes PRIVACY LICENSES 
[anonymously quoted EC policy proposal]
THE HORROR!
*this* is Orwellian. *this* is how to outlaw cryptography. we need some ECypherpunk infiltrators ASAP!
Whoever posted this -- can you post more information on where it was
contained to sci.crypt or alt.privacy.clipper, so that we can get a
wider audience? there are probably plenty of Europeans who don't know
about this but should! We need a contact to report to the list!
I speculated on the list some time ago the efforts by NSA to get
Clipper to be an *international* standard. I suggested that the Britain
GCHQ would be the first to endorse it publicly. Sounds like the EC may
beat them to the punch. Was NSA lobbying involved here, or did they
just pick up on this great idea ?
Also, where was it [Norway?] that lady posted from saying that their
national secret service was pushing a proposal for cryptographic use
similar to Clipper?
In one word,

@_date: 1993-09-11 23:43:17
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: fwds from RISKs 
- Clinton administration eases Cold war era controls on export of
supercomputers to Soviet bloc countries
- mainstream article on digital signatures in The Sciences
- European secure phone & network advertisement
there's a pointer to Islands in the Net by B. Sterling for `offshore
data havens' and some other notes there, not included.
- remember that DEC machine that was taken off the net because of
problems with the state department restricting computer access to
`foreign nationals'? will anything like this ever happen again?
- public comprehension of digital signatures is definitely a necessary
stepping stone to digital cash in the collective psyche. A positive sign.
- secure phones: was the EC policy recently quoted here affected by
this? anyone in Europe threatened by that proposal should look into this.
RISKS-FORUM Digest 15.03
    U.S. Acts to Ease Export Controls On Computers; Industry Officials     Say Proposed Standard Falls Far Short of Need     By Peter Behr,  Washington Post Staff Writer     "The Clinton administration moved yesterday to ease Cold War-era
controls on exports of high-powered U.S. computers to the former Soviet
Bloc and other countries, fulfilling a campaign promise President Clinton
made to the Silicon Valley executives who supported him last year."
The article continues with comments on the lost sales caused by Cold War
restrictions on computer exports.  The new Commerce Decision rules allow
export of microprocessors rated at 67 Mops (million operations per second),
a big boost from the previous limit of 12 Mops.  However, multiprocessor
units are still on the forbidden list.
Sales to the former Soviet Union are still subject to approval by COCOM,
the Coordinating Committe for Multilateral Export Controls.  Apparently
some members of COCOM--Germany, in particular--are trying to link
relaxation of computer export restrictions with relaxation of
telecommunications gear.
It will be interesting to see if the long-standing assumption that export
restrictions prevent the distribution of technology to the interdicted
nations.  My reading of the DES-restriction debacle is that export controls
on high tech are a farce.  The U.S. restrictions hurt U.S. manufacturers
and are a boon for everyone else.
Michel E. Kabay, Ph.D., Director of Education, National Computer Security Assn
RISKS-FORUM Digest 15.02
A recent article deals with several RISKS of depending on electronic
  Hayes, B. (1993). The electronic palimpsest; Digital documents for all
  occasions: erasable, correctable, reproducible, forgeable.  _The Sciences_
  (NY Academy of Sciences) 33(5):10.(Sept/Oct 1993)
I enjoyed reading Brian Hayes article in the new issue of this fine magazine.
It is not only informative and up to date, but also elegant, amusing and
beautifully illustrated with various paintings.  Summary follows:
"As a writing instrument, the computer is not su much a better pencil as a
better eraser."  You can eliminate all traces of your early versions at the
stroke of a key.
This easy erasability leads to difficulties of authentication.  How can one
prove who wrote an electronic document?  Digitized signatures make the problem
worse, since anyone can scan a real signature and then print in on any
document.  However, digital signatures are a good method of authentication.
The public key cryptosystem allows you to encrypt a document with your private
(secret) key; only the corresponding public key decrypts the message.  The
encrypted version is as big as the original, though: a nuisance.  A
refinement, the digital signature, encrypts a digest of only 160 bits and
provides the same confidence of authentication.
Another problem is forgery.  If we pay the rent with an electronic cheque,
what stops a crook from using copy after copy of the same cheque?  We will
need unique serial numbers on electronic cheques.
What about proving _when_ a document was created?  Here we have to rely on
a time-stamping service.  Scientists at BELLCORE have invented the
time-stamp equivalent of the digital signature.  You submit a digest of the
document that needs to be time-stamped to a trusted time-stamping computer;
it generates a cryptographically-sound certificate which includes the time
of receipt.
To prevent fraud at the time-stamping computer (where someone might change the
system clock long enough to produce fake time-stamps for a specific crime),
every certificate is merged mathematically with all the others issued during
the same weekly period.  The summary time-stamp is then published in _The New
York Times_.
The legal system will have to adapt to the increasing use of electronic
documents.  Historians will also have more trouble piecing together the
creative process if only the final version is published or physically
available.  And what about the rapid changes in computing technology and
storage devices?  Who will be able to read today's diskettes a hundred years
from now?  Or even ten?  Archivists must think about these issues.
Michel E. Kabay, Ph.D., Director of Education, National Computer Security Assn
RISKS-FORUM Digest 15.04
The attached article about a new digital phone service, about to be launched
in the UK, is from the Monday, Sept 6, 1993, issue of The Independent. Also in
this issue was a two page advertisement for the new service - the text of this
is also attached.  My understanding is that the new equipment produces
emissions that have characteristics that were not considered when the
regulations and guidelines (under which existing devices such as hearing aids
were designed) were laid down. If this is right, then the statement by the
providers of the new service that the problems are the responsibility of the
manufacturers of such devices would seem to be highly questionable. I await
with interest RISKs readers' reactions to the article (and the advertisement).
Brian Randell, Dept. of Computing Science, University of Newcastle, Newcastle
upon Tyne, NE1 7RU, UK Brian.Randell at newcastle.ac.uk PHONE = +44 91 222 7923
The Freedom to make a call in total security
We have given you freedom. We have created a secure tomorrow for businessmen
and travellers both here and in Europe. New frontiers beckon.  Vodafone
proudly announces EuroDigital. The most advanced and most secure mobile phone
network. So sophisticated that it can even be used to make and receive calls
in Europe in total security. EuroDigital represents a revolution in mobile
phone technology. A superior digital system that provides a top quality
service. A quality that doesn't falter, that doesn't break up. Line rental is
21.50 per month. UK call charges 25p per minute peak, 10p off peak. Only
Vodafone can offer this. Liberate yourself. Enjoy freedom of speech and
security. Rise above the rest.  Call free, 0500 123 123 and ask for more
information. All prices are recommended and are exclusive of V.A.T.

@_date: 1993-09-12 19:43:29
@_author: ld231782@longs.lance.colostate.edu 
@_subject: NY cyberspace tax analyses 
These msgs were taken from miscellaneous mailing lists. Most importantly, this
tax does *not* simply affect `phone sex' 900 lines, as a sort of `sin tax' as supposed by some. To the contrary, BBSes, online services, even *shareware* is affected by the tax.
Authors below report
- BBSes *are* subject if computer & users are in NY
- CompuServe, Prodigy, America Online *subject* to tax (Newsday 9/6)
- SHAREWARE is *taxed* under the rate if downloaded from NY board
- relevant court cases that struck down similar taxes based on 1st amendment
- one person complains of `poor wording' in law -- no kidding.
I propose that a mailing list dedicated to the topics of cyberspatial regulation and taxation be created ASAP.
[...] I called the NYS Tax and Finance folks on Friday and they
faxed me info on this bill.
Briefly (though I am not a lawyer, pun intended), based on a phone
conversation with them:
 There is a tax if

@_date: 1993-09-13 19:54:46
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NSA harassing crypto software writer over export (fwd, sci.crypt) 
- NSA harassment alive and well
- is this company a `small fish'? doesn't NSA have something better to do?
- his request is overbroad, but still needs some kind of help
- maybe the laywers on the list can help out too
An individual at the NSA has recently been warning
my publisher of Moby Crypto that they will be breaking
the law if they export the product.
Since I do not include any executables, only source
and other documentation that routinely appears in
textbooks that are exported, I think this hasseling is unwarranted and unconstitutional.
Since knocking heads with the NSA may result in
some kind of process, I need some assistance to
bolster my case.
What you can do: please send me a reference on every
book or magazine article you are aware of that
contains any 'source code'.  The code can be a fragment
or in any computer language as long as it implements
encryption or other material that would be
export controlled if incoporated in an executable.
I think collecting a large number of these citations
will help my attornies in pointing out the absurdity
of the situation to government attornies if necessary.
Please e-mail any citations that you have.  Thanks
ahead of time.
Grady Ward   grady at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-09-16 21:05:52
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: KEY ESCROW PROCEDURES 
(Disclaimer: in no way should any of my own writings on this subject be
construed as supportive of key escrow.)
Key escrow procedures as revealed in Congress, received via M. Godwin
and J. Berman of EFF.  First is J. Berman analysis followed by text
itself, covering the various types of interception under 3 laws:
omnibus Crime Control & Safe Streets (1968), Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act (FISA), and finally under state statutes. (Perhaps
someone can identify the differences in the various procedures buried
in the bureacratese, but they are all largely verbatim copies.) Notes:
1) escrow agencies (finally) IDENTIFIED: NIST and `non-law enforcement
component of the Dept. of Treasury' as `tentative' choices to be
finalized in `the next few days'.
2) LE agents have to get `black boxes' (a PC) to extract/read the LEAF
(ID field) of the communications. Each box has an ID.
3) according to Berman, the LE agency *faxes* (?) the device ID number
to the agents along with certifications on interception authority, ID
of the black box, and the length of authorization.
4) agencies transmit the keys to the black box in a secure, encrypted
channel. `key components will only work with that particular black box,
and only for the state duration of the intercept'.
5) the most ominous sounding paragraph is the following, which
specifically *revokes* any rights or guarantees to privacy or `due
process' based on the technology & procedures:
that is, this disclaimer seems to be an attempt to evade the
`exclusionary rule' and `poisoned tree' legal doctine (the practice of
courts in excluding evidence illegally obtained and other evidence
therefrom) by legislative fiat.
Major criticisms *not* addressed by this protocol: - why isn't the link *to* the encryption agencies, wherein the Clipper
phone ID is sent, secure & encrypted itself? If police `fax' these
ID's, what is to prevent them from trading them and misrepresenting
them on the warrants seen by the agencies?
- Berman writes that the LE agents tell the key escrow agencies how
long they are requesting the warrant. Now, this is strange. Does the
escrow agency ever refuse a warrant if the time period is not legal
under the applicable law? and is any police agent going to request
*less* than the maximum  period allowed by law?
- we have claim that records are kept on many sides, such as the
requesting side and the granting sides. are records kept of *failed*
requests? or do all `illegally-phrased requests' rejected by the key
escrow agencies simply disappear?
- In fact, do the key escrow agencies *ever* reject a request? this
plan below says nothing of the grounds under which requests may be
denied. What's the point?
- NO indication of the critically important key generation protocol.
Are we to take Denning's American Scientist article as authoritative?
if so, forget it.
- If there is no legal penalty in court for violating the protocols, as
the disclaimer seems to attempt to evoke, what's the point? at the
*bare minimum* there is required exclusion of tainted taps, and other
penalties for infringing parties are wholly in order.
Berman also reveals very fascinating glimpses: `The Administration
rejects the argument that voice encryption is readily available.' The
AT&T product `posed a unique threat in terms of voice quality,
affordability, portability and strength of the encryption' -- strong
confirmation of the theories that Clipper was rushed out, prematurely,
to face it. They are clearly strongly concerned about new Motorola
products, the `next voice encryption product in the pipeline'. (NSA is
in *big* trouble when there is more than one pipeline to choke, as is
rapidly becoming the case).
Interesting insights into administration psyche with Berman's quotes of
government officials:
1) `Clipper market share' will cause momentum to the standard (hee, hee)
2) `careless bad guys' will use Clipper (yeah, right)
3) why private key agencies rejected, but also the NSA: the former,
concerns on longevity and security related to profit, the latter, `for
credibility reasons' (snicker)
4) `key criterion' for escrow agents: `experience in and an
infrastructure for handling sensitive information'
5) `briefers admitted it is not really a key escrow system'. (!)
escrows' obligation `will be to the government' with `no duties or
responsibilities to users' (?!)
6) International aspects `thorniest to deal with'. Clipper exportable
with a license (surprise). `Other nations would not participate in the
escrow system.' Hm, I doubt it. Not if the NSA can help it.
Cypherpunks: one can sense the undertone of confusion, hopelessness and
despair in these accounts. Let's keep up the heat until the omelette
has completely vaporized.
------- Forwarded Message
         In the next several days, the Administration will announce it has
chosen at least one escrow agency and has developed procedures for
accessing escrow keys pursuant to warrant.  Here is an account of an
Administration hill staff briefing on September 16, 1993 and the draft
procedures for law enforcement, foreign intelligence, and state and local
law enforcement wiretapping. We are looking for comments and analysis.
Please circulate widely. Jerry Berman, EFF.
  ==================                                                      RE:     Clipper Escrow Agent Briefing for Congressional Staff
        Yesterday, September 15, 1993, a briefing was held for congressional  staff regarding the status of the Clipper project.  The lead briefers for the Administration were Mark Richard, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, DOJ; Jim Kallstrom, FBI; Geoff Greiveldinger, Special Counsel, Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section, DOJ; and John Podesta.  Also present were Mary Lawton, Counsel for Intelligence Policy and Review, DOJ; Mike Waguespack, NSC; and Dwight Price, National District Attorneys Association.
        The Administration has tentatively settled on NIST and a yet to be determined non-law enforcement component of the Department of the Treasury as the "escrow agents."  The Administration will finalize the choices in the next few days, according to John Podesta.  The Attorney General will make an announcement, in what form has not been determined, but it will probably not be a Federal Register notice.  The Attorney General will announce that she has adopted, and the escrows have agreed to follow, the attached procedures.
        The system will work as follows:
(1) A black box (actually a PC) in the possession of a law enforcement agency will be able to read the Law Enforcement Access Field in a Clipper encrypted data stream and extract the identification number specific to the Clipper chip being used by the intercept target.  Cost of the black box yet undetermined.  How many will be purchased by law enforcement yet undetermined, although if use of Clipper becomes common, the black boxes will be in great demand, by federal as well as state and local agencies.  They will be available only to law enforcement, with yet to be specified controls on their sale.  Each black box will have a unique identifier.
        (2)  The law enforcement agency will fax the device ID  number to each of the escrow agents, along with a certification that the agency has authority to conduct the intercept, the ID number of the intercepting agency's black box, and the time period for which the intercept is authorized (in the case of Title III's, up to thirty days, with extensions).
(3)     The escrow agents will transmit the key components by encrypted link directly into the black box of the requesting law enforcement agency.  The key components will only work with that particular black box, and will only work for the stated duration of the intercept.  If the intercept is extended, the law enforcement agency will have to send a new request to the escrow agents to extend the life of the key components.
        The escrow agents will maintain logs of the requests. Greiveldinger stressed that the system is "replete with recordation of the transactions that will occur."  The escrow agents also have a responsibility for maintaining the integrity of the chip manufacturing process.
        In opening remarks describing the need for the Clipper escrow system, Kallstrom had stressed that the AT&T product posed a unique threat in terms of voice quality, affordability, portability and strength of the encryption.  The Administration rejects the argument that voice encryption is readily available. The AT&T product, which isn't available yet, is unique, and competing products, the Administration argues, are yet further in the future.
        The next voice encryption product in the pipeline is Motorola's, and Motorola has expressed interest in using Clipper in its product.  The Administration argued that the need for compatibility would drive a significant share of the market to Clipper or Capstone-based products.  Escrow coverage will not be complete, but the bad guys are careless and are expected to use Clipper products.
        The key criterion used in selecting the escrow agents was whether the agency had experience in and an infrastructure for handling sensitive information.  The Administration did not want to use a law enforcement or national security component, for credibility reasons.  It did not want to use private entities based on concerns about longevity and not wanting security to be governed by the need to make a profit.
        The briefers admitted that the proposed system is not really an escrow.  The agencies holding the key components will not have any duties or responsibilities to the Clipper users.  The escrows' obligation will be to the government, and they will be liable to Clipper users only under the Bivens doctrine, where any failure must be shown to be wilful.
        Both John Podesta and Mark Richard stated that there is no plan on or over the horizon to outlaw non-escrowed encryption.
        John and Mark said that the international aspects of the escrow/encryption issue are the thorniest to deal with, and there are no answers yet.  Clipper products would be exportable with a license, although other countries may try to keep them out. (Nobody asked questions about changes in the rules governing export of non-Clipper encryption.)  Other nations would not participate in the escrow system, nor, presumably, would they be allowed to buy the black boxes. E.G., if the British intercepted an IRA communication that appeared to be encrypted with Clipper, and came to the FBI for help, the anticipated escrow system would not allow the FBI to get the key from the escrow agents.             PROPOSED PROCEDURES
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO TITLE III
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to Title III of the omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended (Title III), Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
1)      In each case there shall be a legal authorization for the interception of wire and/or electronic 2)      All electronic surveillance court orders under Title III shall contain provisions authorizing after-the-fact minimization, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2518(5), permitting the interception and retention of coded communications, including encrypted communications.
3)      In the event that federal law enforcement agents discover during the course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from the investigative agency conducting the investigation, or the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
(a) identify the law enforcement agency or other authority conducting the interception and the person providing the certification; (b) certify that necessary legal authorization has been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; (c) specify the termination date of the period for which interception has been authorized; (d) identify by docket number or other suitable method of specification the source of the authorization; (e) certify that communications covered by that authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method; (f) specify the identifier (ID) number of the key escrow encryption chip providing such encryption; and
(g) specify the serial (ID) number of the key-escrow decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted communications.
4)      The agency conducting the interception shall submit this certification to each of the designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an investigative agency, as soon thereafter as practicable, an attorney associated with the United States Attorney's Office supervising the investigation shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
5)      Upon receiving the certification from the requesting investigative agency, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the requesting agency. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
6)      Each of the key component escrow agents shall retain a copy of the certification of the requesting agency, as well as the subsequent confirmation of the United States Attorney's office. In addition, the requesting agency shall retain a copy of the certification and provide copies to the following:
(a) the United States Attorney's office supervising the investigation, and (b) the Department of Justice, Office of Enforcement operations .
7) Upon, or prior to, completion of the electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the requesting agency may not retain the key components.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO FISA
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), Pub. L. 9S-511, which appears at Title 50, U.S. Code, Section 1801 et seq.
1)      In each case there shall be a legal authorization for the interception of wire and/or electronic 2)      In the event that federal authorities discover during the course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, or from the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
(a) identify the agency participating in the conduct of the interception and the person providing the certification; (b) certify that necessary legal authorization has been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; (c) specify the termination date of the period for which interception has been authorized; (d) identify by docket number or other suitable method of specification the source of the authorization; (e) certify that communications covered by that authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method; (f) specify the identifier (ID) number of the key escrow encryption chip providing such encryption; and
(g) specify the serial (ID) number of the key-escrow decryption device that will be used by the agency participating in the conduct of the interception for decryption of the intercepted communications.
4)      This certification shall be submitted to each of the designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, as soon thereafter as practicable, an attorney associated with the Department of Justice, office of Intelligence Policy and Review, shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
5)      Upon receiving the certification, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the agency participating in the conduct of the interception. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
6)      Each of the key component escrow agents shall retain a copy of the certification, as well as the subsequent written confirmation of the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review.
7)      Upon, or prior to, completion of the electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and such agency may not retain the key These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
IN CONJUCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO STATE STATUTES
Key component escrow agents may only release escrowed key components to law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key escrow encryption method. These procedures apply to the release of key components to State and local law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with interceptions conducted pursuant to relevant State statutes authorizing electronic surveillance, and Title III of the omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended, Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
1)      The State or local law enforcement or prosecutorial authority must be conducting an interception of wire and/or electronic communications pursuant to lawful 2)      Requests for release of escrowed key components must be submitted to the key component escrow agents by the principal prosecuting attorney of the State, or of a political subdivision thereof, responsible for the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance.
3)      The principal prosecuting attorney of such State or political subdivision of such State shall submit with the request for escrowed key components a certification that (a) identify the law enforcement agency or other authority conducting the interception and the prosecuting attorney responsible therefore; (b) certify that necessary legal authorization for interception has been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; (c) specify the termination date of the period for which interception has been authorized (d) identify by docket number or other suitable method of specification the source of the authorization; (e) certify that communications covered by that authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method; (f) specify the identifier (ID) number of the key escrow chip providing such encryption; and (g) specify the serial (ID) number of the key-escrow decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption the intercepted communications.
4)      Such certification must be submitted by the principal prosecuting attorney of that State or political subdivision to each of the designated key component escrow agents.
5)      Upon receiving the certification from the principal prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the intercepting State or local law enforcement agency or other authority. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
6)      Each of the key component escrow agents shall retain a copy of the certification of the principal prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision. In addition, such prosecuting attorney shall provide a copy of the certification to the Department of Justice.
7)      The U.S. Department of Justice may, to assure conformance with these procedures, make inquiry of the certifying prosecuting attorney regarding, inter alia, the genuineness of the certification and confirmation of the existence of lawful authorization to conduct the relevant electronic surveillance. The inquiry of the U.S. Department of Justice will not involve intrusion into matters that must, under relevant statute, be kept from public disclosure.
8) Upon, or prior to, completion of the electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority may not retain the key components.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.

@_date: 1993-09-17 22:36:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: WE'RE UNDER ATTACK 
First of all, the attacks on Moby Crypto (Grady Ward) and on PGP are
*clearly* linked in the SAME systematic assault on cryptographic
distribution, as S. Steele of EFF has indicated.  Both the subpoenas
were served by US District Court of Northern California, San Jose. The
head attorney mentioned in both cases is Michael J. Yamaguchi. The
subpoenas are virtually identical. Both mention W. P. Keane, Assistant
attorney, and special agent Robin Sterzer. They appear to have been
served on the same *day*, perhaps even the same *time*. (Rule X of
systematic warfare: coordinate attack timing on all fronts.)
Here is where the dissimilarity seems to start. Grady Ward was
unequivocally being harassed by the *NSA* prior to this date as he
reported on various newsgroups. Is the summons related to this NSA
inquiry? It would be inconceivable at this point to believe that it wasn't.
PGP & PRZ were being harassed by *customs officials* prior to this
date, possibly under the complaints of PKP. Now, these two situations
have been totally aligned in the simultaneous serving of the subpoenas.
Is this a systematic assault by the NSA, PKP, or Customs Officials?
Does it have something to do with the ink-still-drying agreement
between PRZ and Viacrypt? Who convened the grand jury? *somebody* is
targeting cryptographic distribution in a devastating initial
two-pronged blow. The curious coincidence of clearcut NSA harassment of
Moby Crypto on one hand and the PKP harassment of PGP on the other,
*united* in the subpoena, with the chocolate ViaCrypt agreement timing
on top, is extremely unsettling, and perhaps altogether the strongest
fodder so far for NSA-PKP conspiracy theories.
We must try to determine whose rules we are playing by. Is this a
customs investigation? Treasury Dept.?  The situation with NSA is that
they don't really ever act directly, they always go through some other
henchmen to do the dirty work. This smells like them. But the case of
the NSA convening a grand jury does not appear to have a historical
precedent. What's going on here?
ATTACK PLAN
At this early date it is impossible to formulate something sensible.
Everyone is completely disoriented. This is like a grenade going off in the room.
However, my initial reaction is that the subpoenas seem to be
OVERBROAD. They could be argued by a competent attorney, given the
simultaneous targeting of two completely disparate cryptographic
enterprises, to represent an OUTRAGEOUS FISHING EXPEDITION. Isn't there
a way to contest a subpoena in court? these legal mechanisms need to be
employed IMMEDIATELY.
what is the significance of the date June 1, 1991, the date back to
which all cryptographic materials are requested? Does this have any
meaning to PGP or some law? If anyone can figure out the meaning, it
may be a route to a counterattack.

@_date: 1993-09-17 23:30:22
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Clipper production problems 
This is a vague hint that Clipper development is not going quite as
planned -- delayed at least 2 quarters (half year!). I sure wonder what
is going on in the trenches. All you Mycotronx employees out there,
feel free to post anonymously :)
Newsgroups: alt.privacy.clipper,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Loral Rolm Computer Systems
I just got off the phone with someone at AT&T Surety Communications, the
date given for availability of clipper chips for inclusion in products
is  1st quarter '94 (January).  The previous date was 3rd quarter '93
(September), which was obviously missed.  The date originated with a
U.S. government agency.
Will the date get further out still?
[I got confirmation Mykotronx is unhappy about the delay]
{ I know some people who might be happy .. djf}
For those not willing to wait, you can purchase Telephone Security Devices now,
and for an extra $100 you can get a free upgrade to the Escrow Encryption
Standard latter.  Any more delays and I might not bet on it.  The existing
nongovernment TSDs used a Type IV proprietary encryption algorithm and NOT
(I'll wait for January before ordering a pair)
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-17 23:35:23
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: SEA Internet party, NY 
Society for Electronic Access.
What follows is the flyer for the upcoming Intro to Internet event on Sept
27th. Please feel free to post this far and wide (or at least wide). A physical flyer will also be available this weekend. If you have already
volunteered to post these and I have not contacted you by Sunday, or if
you have not volunteered yet but would like to, contact me.

@_date: 1993-09-18 16:21:37
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: analysis: attack PKP driven? significance of June 1, 1991 
June 1 1991 is the date that both the MobyCrypt and PRZ subpoenas reach
to. What is the significance? the early indication: this is the date
of the 'official' release of PGP 1.0.
C'punks: upon further reflection this dual assault seems to be ostensibly PKP motivated/driven.  It is possible the prior NSA harassment of Moby Crypto was just a shocking coincidence. As reported on this list by D. Barnes , NSA had been prodding Austin Code Works (Maria Nekam) over DES export many months prior to this date. Does ACW currently deal with cryptographic software? how is it NSA was bugging them *months* ago?
did Grady Ward indicate that long ago publicly (Usenet) his intent to use
them as a publisher? This reminds me of stories of censorship of Yardley
from Kahn (The Codebreakers) and censorship of Kahn reported by Bamford (Puzzle Palace) -- somehow, the NSA just *knows* when publishers are coming
out with information related to cryptography or the NSA (I wonder how? ). We need more information: - how long has the NSA been harassing Austin Code Works?
- does Austin Code works currently deal with cryptographic code?
- or is this all entirely due to Grady Ward's Moby Crypto project?
- was NSA complaining about (1) DES or (2) something else? export?
- how did NSA find out that Austin Code Works was involved with Moby Crypto?
On the other hand, the evidence that this is primarily PKP motivated seems
to be in the primarily *PGP* and *RSA* oriented aspect of the subpoena queries. My current pet theory is that PKP has seen Grady Ward talking about
his cryptographic recipe book on newsgroups (Bidzos has been known to track
and respond on sci.crypt) and lumped him in an accusation & complaint, filed with the customs office, that ITAR laws on cryptographic export of cryptographic algorithms have been violated -- hence the investigation by a customs agency, the PGP 1.0 release date, the Viacrypt timing, etc. Maybe
PKP got the impression that G. Ward was including RSA Source code -- has he
said so on Usenet? -- this would be very inflammatory for them. RSA has
virtually *no* international protection, all the patents only apply in the
U.S. Finally, there is some other peripheral evidence regarding PRZ in this line I'm not really at liberty to state.
that's the current 'conventional wisdom', anyway, subject to nanosecond
Point: I think this new episode will without any doubt resolve whose side PKP
is on. They've successfully remained in the shadows, like the NSA, until
now, but like the NSA is discovering, continuing this will be impossible...
Another point: remember the amazing scrutiny given to the E911 document,
its *exact* and *precise* path of geneological distribution and leaking
in the court proceedings and subsequent literature (e.g. B. Sterling, Hacker Crackdown)? I suspect, very soon, the same laserlike magnifying-glass
pinpoint attention is going to be focused on exactly *who* first made
PGP available *internationally* outside the U.S. -- anyone who can come
forward with information on this (it all appears to have transpired in 1991)
will be momentously affected. I don't know if this can be traced as effectively,
however. The tracks are bit cool, and some people may not want to exactly
*announce* this information.

@_date: 1993-09-18 22:32:10
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: more deranged lunatic ravings -- just delete 'em! 
From: pmetzger at lehman.com ("Perry E. Metzger")
ah yes, just like everyone 'soon enough' knew the 'complete answers' behind
the Steve Jackson Games investigation. All we have to do is sit around and
wait for it to be handed to us by everyone involved, including The Enemy.
Look at that E911 investigation -- this was an example of *community* involvement. Laywers on *both* sides were unaware of the fact that E911
documents were publicly available, that they could even be *ordered* from
Mountain Bell with no restriction, until someone 'out there' made the link
and pointed it out -- and this was a *very* significant aspect of the
defense case.
the situation *directly affects* us *now*. what is the scope of the grand
jury investigation? could it potentially be *expanded* beyond this initial
inquiry? what about sites that are currently distributing PGP outside the
U.S.? what about the fact that cypherpunks have *always* been closely
involved with PGP and its international distribution?
say *what*?! Grady Ward has been posting for over a week on a bazillion
Usenet groups that Agent X from the NSA has contacted him, with a phone
number, fax, and identification standard for NSA employees (I forwarded one
of his early messages here). A representative from Austin Code Works informed a Cypherpunk (who wasn't afraid to do a little poking around himself) they have been prodded by the NSA months prior over DES export. And "the NSA has not been directly harassing ANYONE." well, yes, I guess they haven't stuck anybody on the rack, if that's what you mean.
ah yes, I'm 'persuing' the sequels to PGP and Moby Crypt right now you seem to be fundamentally averse to excitement. this is the Cryptographic
Case of a decade, and we're all to just wait patiently for the bleached official reports prior to a proper, dainty discussion? not I.
but in deference to you, Mr. Metzger, and others, I will not post any more speculation ...  without some new juicy articles to speculate on :)

@_date: 1993-09-19 18:35:56
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Attn: P. Metzger and an36440, please delete this immediately 
Forwarded from J. Bidzos.
this actually *strengthens* the NSA theories. (go ahead, flame me some more. I've been called, culling from all the
best, a ``screaming, ranting, hysterical, yammering lunatic running
about like a headless barnyard fowl  just adding noise and confusion''

@_date: 1993-09-19 20:52:00
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: key escrow procedures 
C. Ellison:
M. Godwin:
This begs the question. Does anybody pay any attention to what I write? I addressed this in my
posting -- if the police send the device ID of the LEAF field via *fax*
what is to prevent different officers from trading IDs? the fundamental
point is that the key escrow agency *only* gets a request for a key
based on an ID -- how do they know the `warrant' given them actually
 is there
*any* circumstance under which a key escrow agency rejects a key
request? if not, WHAT'S THE POINT? ah yes, what we need is a PHONE
REGISTRATION DATABASE (BWAHAHAHA <- insane depraved mad laugh).
T.C. May wrote a long time ago about the possibility of a `black
market' in key ID exchange among the police. What's to prevent it? the
point is that the NSA in its wretchedly naive way is treating the
police as a SECURE COMPONENT.
there might be ways of alleviating this, such as ensuring that the link
from the `black box' to the key escrow agency is secure, as I wrote. We
have to wait for this idea to penetrate the brain of Mr. GraveDigger of
the NSA who's in charge of the design.
again, though, this all only shows the sheer intellectual bankruptcy of
the key escrow aspect of the Key Escrow Proposal. if I heard that NSA
was improving their thought control techniques based on anything I
write I would burn all my email...
NSA Clipper Slogan:
KEY ESCROW: LEAVE THE DETAILS TO US.

@_date: 1993-09-19 21:07:01
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Bidzos on ITAR 
Responding to H. Finney's probing, sterling, and brilliant analysis of
ITAR (which I was utterly embarrassed to see buried and sandwiched in
sordid flames) J. Bidzos claims that ``The ITAR specifically exempts
software from being considered public domain'' and points out that the
PKP FTP site in question that H. refers to as `causing a big stink' was
I would like to see J. Bidzos' sci.crypt posting reposted here *ASAP*
by some bored cypherpunk who would like to ``contribute''! Major
cyberspace points await!

@_date: 1993-09-19 23:49:53
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Congrats to STANTON MCCANDLISH - EFF Online Activist 
Congratulations to S. McCandlish, a longtime BBS operator, cypherpunk
loyalist and PGP promoter, who, if nobody else noticed, just won the
coveted Online Activist position advertised by EFF some weeks ago. He
has plans to put together an EFF BBS and archive on a fast machine with
Internet connectivity. He'll be moving to Washington D.C. by October
and running his previous BBS from there.  Hope to hear more from him
here on his progress! Maybe he can sneak a few subversive cypherpunk
rants onto the archive! :)

@_date: 1993-09-20 00:46:02
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: meaningless rumor 
Rumor: Moby Crypto was targeted because G. Ward intended to include PGP
on distribution disks. The investigation is primarily PGP oriented, and
G. Ward is just a bystander who got caught up. PRZ & PGP is the essential target.
(1)  phrasing of the subpoenas definitely confirms this -- PGP is mentioned in both.
(2) can we find any Usenet postings where G. Ward announced intent to
distribute PGP with Moby Crypto to help confirm this?
(3) Current Underground Digest just came out -- it (contrarily) hypes
the Moby Crypto `attack' as foremost, and *mislabels* PRZ's comments as
`reaction to Moby Crypto attack' -- in fact, there is no indication
that he knew of Moby Crypto when he wrote those.

@_date: 1993-09-20 21:36:22
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: FLASH - SUBPOENA SERVED 
From: paul at poboy.b17c.ingr.com (Paul Robichaux)
FLASH: SUBPOENA SERVED ON BRUCE SCHNEIER, JOHN WILEY & SONS
CYBERSPACE -- On April 1, 1994 Bruce Schneier and his book publisher
John Wiley and Sons were served a subpoena for `any and all materials
related to the national distribution of Julius Caesar code, in
particular ROT13' by agents of the U.S. Cryptography Ideas & Other
Miscellaneous Illegal Substances Control Police, Domestic Division (USCIOMISCPDD).
B. Schneier has posted to Usenet newsgroup "alt.lawbreaking" previously
regarding his intent to publish the book, and recently asked for people
who would `be my drop shippers for Practical Cryptography, and smuggle
ROT13 code out of the U.S., particularly to foreign national
subversives while thumbing their nose at the NSA.'  Some have suggested
the National Spooks Anonymous (parent organization of USCIOMISCPDD, the
White House, and Congress in that order of importance) may have been
clued to the threat from their dual newsfeed and artificially
unintelligent disinformation device, code named Sternlight. Sternlight
denies the charge, calling it a `make-wrong, given the NSA can
routinely multiply large numbers' but does claim to have ``unsurpassed
Unintelligence Training from many years at a Fortune 500 Psychiatric Ward''.
Colorado entrepreneur Phil Zimmerman, winner of the Nobel Prize for
International Cryptographic Terrorism, Criminality, and Guerilla
Warfare, speaking from exile in Switzerland, stated that he fully
extended his personal `web of trust' in support of Schneier, and mailed
him other private communications on a postcard: ``Would you like to buy
some Pretty Good Snake Oil?'' Austin writer Grady Ward, author of the
one-page pamphlet ``ROT0 and Other Neat USCIOMISCPDD-Approved Codes For
Wholesome Fun and Entertainment'' branded Schneier an ``arrogant young
A central component of the relevant law related to the investigation
comes from the International Traffic in Unpleasant and Distasteful
Things Regulations, which prohibits import and export of ``blatantly
unusual or unorthodox breakthroughs or techniques, derived from
excessive ingenuity or creativity, particularly those with practical
applications leading directly to ventures that are commercially profitable.''
Renowned experts such as D. Denning note the Regulations do allow
exceptions for free export and import of `public domain' material,
defining it as `any inert and useless mass with no significant value or
purpose, such as air'.  The act bars, without exception,
``trans-U.S.-border electricity flow structures for the purpose of
communications, particularly wires, and any written or oral use of the
term `cyberspace'.''
The Cypherpansies, a club dedicated to the discussion of cryptographic
codes, other than those which scramble plaintext, in various
implementations on abacus-based systems, as well as frequent tag team
blindfolded messenger pigeon competitions, uniformly condemned
Schneier's book, and praised the investigation:
TM: ``The sky is falling! the redcoats are coming! man the
battlestations! flush the toilets! I told you this would happen!''
LD: ``Sources say the grassy knoll is key.''
PM: ``That's a good point. But you're a yammering idiot.''
SB: ``Of course its ridiculous, but they did it because they're required to.''
HF: ``I'm not a lawyer, but I play one on the net.''
EH: ``will everyone just SHUT UP!''
The Electonic Frontier Federation, Milky Way Galaxy division, has
announced their intent to defend Schneier in the case. Lawyer Mike
Godwin indicates ``We plan to plead insanity.''

@_date: 1993-09-20 22:26:23
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: more musings 
- why PGP, not Moby Crypto, is (probably) the focus
- including more juicy rumors about the *overall* customs office investigation
- I open my mailbag and talk about Bidzos & the ITAR again
- points and questions about grand jury investigations in general
* * *
First, some (e.g. Steve Bellovin) have raised the point that Grady Ward
just days ago announced on the newsgroups that he was looking for
people to `drop ship' Moby Crypto to in apparent violation of the ITAR.
Now, this does sound very incriminating and subversive, but the fact is
that our legal system grinds with the utmost sluggishness, as one
lately rather vocal cypherpunk (to say the least) pointed out. I think
it is *highly* unlikely that these subpoenas were due directly to this
*particular* statement at all. The grand jury has probably been
convened weeks, or at least many days, ago. There has already probably
been some deliberations just to get a basic familiarity with the case

@_date: 1993-09-20 22:36:23
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Bidzos on PGP and ITAR verbatim 
Bidzos comments on PGP related to ITAR, from sci.crypt a while ago (not
sure of date). Essential argument: it was illegally exported, and ITAR
prohibits re entry of things illegally exported, therefore it is
illegally imported. Relevant section, Software export: Section 123.2 of
the ITAR reads:
There is a section on `illegal export of unclassified technical data to
foreign nationals' (paraphrase) and Bidzos claims it applies to PGP
export. But he appears to me to be using a bit of sleight of hand to
conflate this category with *cryptographic software* mentioned
elsewhere (sections also as quoted also by H. Finney).
I'll let others pick it apart for the loopholes.
<9309210157.AA04992 at longs.lance.colostate.edu>
Here's the ITAR part. (This was posted in 1992, so I don't know, since
pgp has changed since then I understand, how it would apply.) Also,
the ITAR has changed recently, and I haven't studied the changes to
see how they would affect these comments.
Risks of using pgp
One should be careful about assuming that the documentation in
electronically distributed software is accurate, especially where
law is concerned.  There are a few things the documentation for
a program called "pgp" does not tell you about patent and export
law that you should be aware of.  Further, there are a number of claims and offered interpretations of patent and export law that are simply false.
pgp seems to be an attempt to mislead netters into joining an
illegal activity that violates patent and export law, letting them
believe that they run no serious risk in doing so.  EXPORT LAW
pgp leads users to believe that it has circumvented export controls
"...since it is not illegal to import..."  You are led to believe that
since you didn't import it, it's legal to use it. The "no import
restrictions" claim has been made so many times, many people probably
believe it.
One would be well advised not to accept this legal opinion.  While
stated as if it were a well-known fact, the claim that "there are no
import restrictions" is simply false.  Section 123.2 of the ITAR
(International Traffic in Arms Regulations) reads:
"123.2 Imports.
No defense article may be imported into the United States unless (a)
it was previously exported temporarily under a license issued by the
Office of Munitions Control; or (b) it constitutes a temporary
import/intransit shipment licensed under Section 123.3; or (c) its
import is authorized by the Department of the Treasury (see 27 CFR
parts 47, 178, and 179)."
Was pgp illegally exported? Was pgp illegally imported?  Of course.
It didn't export or import itself.  pgp 1 was illegally exported from
the U.S., and pgp 2, based on pgp 1, is illegally imported into the
U.S.  Is a license required? According to the ITAR, it is.
125.2 Exports of unclassified technical data. Paragraph (c) reads:
"(c) Disclosures. Unless otherwise expressly exempted in this
subchapter, a license is required for the oral, visual, or documentary
disclosure of technical data to foreign nationals in connection with
visits by U.S. persons to foreign countries, visits by foreign persons
to the United States, or otherwise.  A license is required regardless
of the manner in which the technical data is transmitted (e.g., in
person, by telephone, correspondence, electronic means, telex, etc.)."
                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^                What is "export?" Section 120.10, "Export," begins:
"'Export' means, for purposes of this subchapter: ...(c) Sending or
taking technical data outside of the United States in any manner
except that by mere travel outside of the United States by a person
whose technical knowledge includes technical data; or..."
Crypto software is controlled by the ITAR. See Part 121, the Munitions
List, includes Category XIII, of which paragraph (b) reads, in part,
"...privacy devices, cryptographic devices and software (encoding and
decoding), and components specifically designed or modified
A further definition in 121.8, paragraph (f) reads: "Software includes but is not limited to the system functional design, logic flow, algorithms, application programs, ..."
pgp encourages you to post it on computer bulletin boards.  Anybody
who considers following this advice is taking quite a risk.  When you
make a defense item available on a BBS, you have exported it.
pgp's obvious attempts to downplay any risk of violating export law
won't help you a bit if you're ever charged under the ITAR.
Penalties under the ITARs are quite serious.  The ITARs were clearly
designed to put teeth into laws that make exporting munitions illegal.
It's unfortunate that cryptography is on the munitions list. But it
is.  pgp is software tainted by serious ITAR violations.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-21 00:42:55
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: remailer ideas 
T.C. May requests information on operator's remailer policies. I would
like to go a step further and suggest that *all* operators
*standardize* on a single email address for policy queries, in
ping-like fashion. the user just sends mail to policies at remailer.com
and gets back the policies. Of course, maybe that's not the best name,
because some names are fixed. So maybe a standard header field request syntax.
This sheet returned should include all the information about headers
and cryptographic use, too. I would like it to have *standard headings*
across remailers. That is, it would list categories and the variations
that the particular remailer implements. His list of points is a good
place to start of policy headings. Off the top of my head -
remailer address
header syntax
how to cut and paste headers
cryptography support
additional features
oversight & logging
I'd also like some *history* of the remailer. Whose code is it based
on? what modifications have been added? how reliable is it? -- even a
standard `uptime field' or `% lost messages' would be interesting. are
there any `close calls' in shutting it down? what kind of support does
the operator enjoy? (e.g. sysadmin, student acct, etc.)
If anyone would like to come up with a comprehensive `boilerplate'
document, that'd certainly be useful.
I think all this could increase the `userfriendliness' of the remailers
and ultimately there use signficantly. just a humble suggestion from a
fellow cypherpunk.

@_date: 1993-09-21 00:56:24
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
mentor at indial1.io.com (Loyd Blankenship)
you are talking about a problem associated with a *mail to new
gateway*. this is not the same as a *remailer*. In fact, the latter
operators should not have to worry about the former.
although I think the idea of anonymous identification tags in the
header has `some' merit. but its an extremely problematic issue,
because it could have the effect of censoring anonymous posting.
the best goal is to allow the end user to make the decision, i.e. kill
files, and *never* put any kind of a choke upstream that would prevent
them from making that decision.
hence, the solution is to have the mail-to-news gateway reject overly
voluminous posting -- either posts that are too long, or too frequent
posting from the same address or (the latter which of course can be
thwarted to some degree) in overall frequency of accepting articles,
such that some might get bounced back to the user if the site is being bombarded.
of course, remailer operators have to guard against mail bombs too, but
not in the overly sensitive, distributed way that NNTP servers do.

@_date: 1993-09-21 19:47:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: (1) PRZ excluded (2) PM vs. LD (3) grand jury procedure 
I was thinking. What is the significance that PRZ was not actually
cited in any subpoena so far? This is very puzzling. It seems to
contradict the theory that the investigation is primarily PGP oriented.
On one hand, we might attribute it to the idea that the grand jury &
the Attorneys don't have a very clear idea of what exactly is going on
with PGP anyway, which would fit in with some of the tidbits I've
posted. The president of ViaCrypt *was* subpoenaed -- but he has only
been in associated with PGP for a few weeks, since the commercial
announcement. But, still, how could they *not* query PRZ if they are
inquiring on PGP?  This is what I call a `conspicuous omission'.
Also, the targeting of ViaCrypt and not PRZ directly is very
interesting to contemplate. It definitely suggests that the move of PGP
to a commercial company was critical in the timing of the subpoenas.
Was it critical in convening a grand jury in the first place? what is
it about the situation that caused action after a company was involved?
are relevant laws only applicable to companies, not individuals? surely
not, but there is very likely something going on here beneath the surface.
(BTW, let the record show I have only replied directly to PM's
voluminous onslaught of public flames [to say nothing of my vast,
superb private collection] in one message on the list, which I think is
sufficient [or more precisely, nothing could be sufficient, but it is
the minimum]. If there is any `bickering' going on beyond this, it is
only the reader's fertile imagination that I was *engaged* [*targeted*?
definitely]. Or, feel free to cite the messages to contradict me, in
email. I say all this only because I fear I am becoming a symbol in
everyone's psyche of any message that challenges PM, no matter who
wrote it, quite to the contrary of actual developments.)
Here's a bit more which is helpful in describing a grand jury
investigation (although I'd like to see more) from someone who gives me
too much credit :)
You are absolutely right about the Grand Jury proceedings. They are simply
a fact finding venture. They are secret hearings and I doubt that Phil
Zimmerman will even be able to talk about the proceedings after they are done. In addition to this, you are also correct that attorneys are not permitted
inside the grand jury hearing (although the witness may leave the room to
confer with the attorney). Once inside the room, you will only have the Grand
Jury (of 23 people I believe) and the D.A. While it may seem nice to believe
that Phil Zimmerman will be able to make a grand Perry Mason like speech in
front of the Grand Jury. In reality, he will be under the control of the
D.A. and will probably not have much of a chance to say much of anything
except to answer the questions of the D.A.
On the last point, yes you are also right, since the Grand Jury is NOT a criminal trial. Any evidence that would normally be held as illegally obtained,
or just generally inadmissable in court (ie. hearsay) is perfectly acceptable
for a Grand Jury, and I'm sure that it will be used.
The grand jury's only purpose is to pass either an indictment (called a True
Bill ) or no indictment, they are not there to determine guilt.

@_date: 1993-09-21 20:17:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the $64K question? 
FTP site for complete ITAR is:
sci.crypt archives are there also. Thanks to M. Riordan for this
valuable service. I also understand that D. Bernstein may have helped
in getting the ITAR on specifically. Both are sci.crypt FAQ
contributors & maintainers.
* * *
greg at ideath.goldenbear.com (Greg Broiles) quotes an *extremely*
interesting section of the ITAR, perhaps the *critical section* for
this issue at hand. But he seemed to skip right over a critical piece.
The thread, as it stands: we have seen the ITAR sections that bar
disclosure (export) of `technical data' to `foreign nationals' and
sections that state that anything illegally exported cannot be legally
imported, and now we find technical data defined as:
   $120.21 Technical data.
        Technical data means, for purposes of this subchapter:
            (a)     Classified information relating to defense articles
                    and defense services;
            (b)     Information covered by an invention secrecy order;
            (c)     Information, in any form, which is directly related
                    to the design, engineering, development, production,
                    processing, manufacture, use, operation, overhaul,
                    repair, maintenance, modification, or reconstruction
                    of defense articles. This includes, for example,
                    information in the form of blueprints, drawings,
1                   photographs, plans, instructions, computer software,
1                   and documentation. This also includes information
                    which advances the state of the art of articles on
2                   the U.S. Munitions List. This definition does not
2                   include information concerning general scientific,
2                   mathematical, or engineering principles commonly
2                   taught in academia. It also does not include basic
                    marketing information or general system descriptions
                    of defense articles.
*wow* -- we find that (1) `computer software and documentation'
`related to [verb1,verb2,verb3 ad infinitum] of defense articles' is
*banned*. but in the same paragraph, (2) `general scientific or
commonly taught mathematical or engineering principles' are *not*
banned. Surely, (1) is the clause that Bidzos would claim applies --
restricting the export of technical data in the form of software.
The $64K Question: Is PGP `computer software related to defense' or
`technical documentation encompassing general scientific & engineering principles'?
so, likely, that paragraph will be the focus of attention, and perhaps
the fulcrum of the case, for both the prosecution and defense, of a
hypothetical trial.
another point to make: the naive prejudices of those who crafted this
list are apparent as being from the
agency-which-will-remain-anonymous-but-has-the-initials-NSA. They seem
to think that `defense articles' and `general scientific, mathematical,
and engineering principles' are mutually exclusive. Hee, hee. They
might as well just have a law that bans `everything we don't approve
of' with no loss of ambiguity.
G.B. again
another *very* critical aspect of the case, noted also by H. Finney and
others. I have a theory about this (surprise! :) Bidzos indicated how
the ITAR is very recent. It appears to be being updated all the time.
This is a bit scary how easy it is for `the powers that be' (the most
verminous expression, hence my use) to slip in to modifications to the
ITAR. I wonder how much these various paragraphs have changed between
versions of the ITAR -- I suspect that if we looked at it in a linear
historical progression, we would find an increasing desperation in the
writing, representing the futile attempt to encompass all the data
leaking all over cyberspace, like trying to hold onto a handful of
greased vibrating marbles, or chain down electrons. This is another
`conspicuous omission' that suggests the likelihood that it is `in the
works' to get in clauses that *specifically address* the concept of
`broadcast' of information similar to an FTP site, perhaps even
underway at this moment in the labyrinthine catacombs of our government.
* * *
My sincere thanks to everyone who has contributed to the ITAR analysis
associated with the case dispassionately. We shouldn't delude ourselves
in thinking all this is happening in anything other than a mailing list
vacuum, and the EFF/PRZ laywers (`the Professionals') surely have
entirely different perspectives on the matter, but for me at least I
find it extraordinarily educational and intellectually stimulating --
in a sort of depraved way.
On the other hand, reading between the lines of our comments, the ITAR
itself is probably close to the most totalitarian document our country
has yet produced. It is sort of like `constitutional antimatter'. Look
at how pliant this enterprise-constricting law is to burdensome and
insideous modifications, in total defiance of open and public
legislative procedure! The people that are *experts* on it can't keep
up with all the shadowy knob-twiddling. In restricting *technical data*
to `foreign nationals' (the latter phrase a rather atrocious coinage in
itself) we seem to find the same institutionalized paranoia against the
spread of simple *information* that was associated with copier machines
in the cold-war-era Soviet Union. The irony is that to a totalitarian
state, that paranoia is not comical -- it is entirely justified and
critical to its self preservation.

@_date: 1993-09-21 20:37:47
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the public key minefield 
derek at cs.wisc.edu (Derek Zahn)
others have well addressed how patent issues are involved in this. but
this appears to be a simple technical question on one level. What does
it take to come up with a good public key system?
Answer: far more than you would think. RSA for example has gained its
current degree trust only after about a decade and a half of careful
and intense scrutiny in the literature,  with many new caveats and
modifications invented along the way. Furthermore, the mathematical &
computational journals are strewn with failed attempts at getting a
workable public key system by the most brilliant experts in the field
(actually, in many fields). In particular, there was a lot of
excitement about Knapsack cyphers, related to something called the
Subset Sum problem, and a flurry of papers proposed, broke, and refined
subsequent variations. Currently it appears to have really gotten a
stake through its heart from the last authoritative paper (who?). (I
would be curious for more details from the academically adept.)
The rewards to a public key system are enormous, but the obstacles are
tremendous as well. just getting a good *theoretical* model is very
difficult, as the above attests. Then, this theoretical model has to be
*efficient* when encoded in an algorithm -- another big stumbling
block. Then, in the real world of ugly litigation, it has to tiptoe
around the field of all the national and international patents, and,
ahem, byzantine export laws.
A very grim picture currently, in many ways, and to a large degree why
RSA--and PGP/PRZ-- are so celebrated. Hopefully the future holds
something less bleak.
note: the new sci.crypt FAQ will have a much-improved section on public
key cryptography. watch for it on the newsgroup or
rtfm.mit.edu:/pub/usenet/news-answers/cryptography-faq if you want it right away.

@_date: 1993-09-21 21:36:43
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: list split? 
this has been discussed a long time ago, but there is definitely some
serious volume lately on the list. of course, its been a problem for as
long as I can remember. I still like the mailing list flavor vs. a
newsgroup, but the piles are really deep recently. (right now some
people are thinking `of all the people to point this out' or `some nerve' :)
anyway, here's what I propose. I think a split to mailing lists
cpunk-remailers (policies, modifications, etc.)
cpunk-code (PGP, encryption software, phones, etc.)
cpunk-issues (Clipper, PGP investigation, etc.)
cpunk-announce (news articles, fwds from elsewhere on internet
services, etc. -- very low volume)
would probably come pretty close to chopping up the current traffic in popular ways.
since meta list discussions like this generate a notorious amount of
traffic, *please* DO NOT POST to the list on this subject immediately.
Send your mail to list moderator hughes at soda.berkeley.edu, who just
recently complained about the volume and urged that things be kept to
private mail. If EH does not want to do this, let him speak up and say
so and let the froth awash us on the list instead. But maybe he could
come to some kind of conclusion from the email and describe a course of
action. IMHO, a split is the most pragmatic approach to dealing with
the volume, and we really should be a bit embarrassed not to have done it before.
now, of course, the major headache for EH is that he currently has to
handle subscription requests manually. So I wonder if he would like to
explore automated list software, of which there is a great deal.
Like EH I'm genuinely concerned about the really high-class people that
are finding no signals in the noise, despite their basic. The attrition
is really a pity.

@_date: 1993-09-21 22:56:45
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: NYT article - WOW 
Markoff has written a BRILLIANT article. Virtually all the facts are
right on, and he dances around the technical issues expertly, cutting
to the core. This is FANTASTIC fodder for the cypherpunk cause!
Probably just what PRZ dreamed of when he first wrote PGP :) Does
anyone know Markoff's email address?
Some minor idiosyncrasies, though.
Say what? this is false, from what I understand. *Maybe* `selling a
version of RSA'? There is a rumor that G. Ward intended to include PGP
in distribution disks, unconfirmed. But so far it appears there is very
little related between G. Ward and PGP.
from what I can figure out so far, ViaCrypt got theirs on Tuesday, G.
Ward on Thursday. This from their online statements.
But it could have happened on the same day. Note that getting *served*
a subpoena on the same day is very interesting -- if they were just
dated on the same day and received at different times, that would be
more realistic. If they were *served* simultaneously, that implies some
kind of systematic coordination. Did somebody want to make sure that
both places were hit exactly at the same time? Did they anticipate the
rapid-fire explosion in cyberspace that would ensue? Remember, the
grand jury is in California -- it would take some planning to have the
summons *received* simultaneously. Don't they have to be delivered in
person by agents?
hee, hee. I wonder what Austin Code Works would think of G. Ward's
Usenet postings...
Pres. Leonard Mikus of ViaCrypt
hm, I wonder where I saw that term used before?
holy *cow* -- this sounds like something John Barlow of EFF would
write! he almost appears to be alluding to *digital cash*! Obviously,
Mr. President forgot to clear his remarks with the NSA first! Saying
things like this, perhaps we should start a cypherpunk feed to
president at whitehouse.com!  cypherpunks, who'd ever have thought we'd
have something from Mr. President for our signatures?! `technology
rapidly adapted in new and different ways by people who have a little
different take on the way that technology works' -- this is virtually
from the Cypherpunk Charter. GAD!
wow, this is *awesome* press. First time I've seen the constitutional
aspect of cryptography dealt with. Markoff has got to be my absolute
favorite writer. this is all what is called `bitter joy' ...

@_date: 1993-09-22 22:23:08
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: P. Wayner on CSSPAB meeting 
an eternity ago in cyberspatial time (a few days ago in real time) P.
Wayner posted some comments about the latest CSSPAB meeting. He hasn't
appeared to have gotten any direct feedback on the list to that report,
which I think is a pity, because he's one of the few cypherpunk
`infiltrators' not only consistently attending important national
government meetings, but conscientiously reporting them on the list
(which involves a significant amount of labor) often to no reward but
flames! (there's been quite a bit of indirect reaction to the `software
Skipjack CRADA proposal he illuminated.) Anyway, my personal thanks!
Cypherpunks, its in these kinds of reports that very important clues of
future NSA directions are buried, and I'll start off with a gem:
`other countries'? `Common Criteria'? holy cow, this is something *very
big* in the works. The U.S. can barely figure out its *own*
cryptographic policies, and imagine the sheer logistical nightmare of
trying to come to an agreement between the most isolated and imperious
agencies! I suspect GCHQ (Britain's NSA) would be involved in this at
least. (There is a very cozy relationship between NSA and GCHQ that
Kahn was harassed for revealing in _CodeBreakers_.)What other agencies?
Mr. GraveDigger, the man in charge of NSA's Key Escrow:
but this only suggests how much of a crutch they have become for these
agencies. They are terrified of losing this tool, for which they have
come to rely on disproportionately. They have come to associate their
job security with wiretapping -- a very dangerous proposition for freedom.
fascinating. has this ever been noted before? the IRS would have
benefited from this a few months ago. Or, on second thought, nevermind!
all the tax evaders on the list will object to the IRS getting any help!
reassuring to hear Dingaling is still alive and plugging away... I
wonder what her next Lead Balloon will be?
[EFF's Digital Privacy & Security Working Group]
This is a very interesting stance, and IMHO not a bad tradeoff, if
`support' means `lack of active attack and criticism'. But the NSA
would never agree to this in a cyberspatial lifetime. We *still* don't
even have any substantial promise that Clipper is guaranteed to be
voluntary, let alone export restrictions relaxed. (Hypocritically, the
announcements have always touted Clipper as Voluntary, the last
redeeming feature cited by scoundrels like Dingaling and Sternlight,
without ever guaranteeing it, and potentially even hiding the plan of
*revoking* that aspect.) The plan, very likely, is quite to the
contrary: increase market penetration of Clipper to the point that
restricting other cryptography in subtle and insideous ways becomes
possible. And I'm still waiting for the announcement in blaring fanfare
that Clipper-based hardware can be freely exported, nothing else. I
think its close on the horizon. Once they get chips that work :)
[crafting official group report]
hee, hee. the U.S. Civilization in a microcosm.

@_date: 1993-09-23 14:47:23
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: H. Finney: #1 Cyberspatial Lawyer 
I'm truly in awe. H. Finney gets my vote as Cypherpunk of the Week for
uncovering all this dazzlingly appropos information.
[U.S. vs. Posey decision]
gad -- they simply don't understand that cyberspace has no boundaries,
subject to the same delusions of the NSA. Maybe they should read that
extraordinary quote by Mr. President uncovered by Markoff.
either that, or we're TAKING THIS TO THE SUPREME COURT!
hee, hee. for the mentally challenged, that's *satire*, folks, don't get excited.

@_date: 1993-09-23 18:14:02
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Front Line Dispatch -or- Conspiracy Theories on the PTB 
Here is an update on recent and past developments.
- Why PRZ was not subpoenaed
- Clarifications on the NYT article - simultaneous serve dates?
- The Grady Ward PGP connection
- the Scarlet Letter
- Conclusion
- EFF and *your* support
PRZ unsubpoenaed so far
First, in the message I posted to the cypherpunk list that PM
transformed into one of the most side-splittingly hilarious, foaming,
delirious flames I've ever had the joy to experience, there were some
misleading comments, and I'm rather surprised that no one has noticed
and chastised me for them, publicly or privately. (In this way PM
succeeded precisely in his intent of distracting attention from the
actual contents, in a rather pitiably desperate way.) However, I do
have to admit that it was probably my weakest posting here on the
affair -- nevertheless, I was actually quite dazzled by the ensuing
fireworks, which IMHO comprise the most spectacular flame war I've ever
seen on the list, and I'd *not* have done anything differently knowing
this in retrospect! (And this characteristically prolix commentary is
my tribute in response!)
Anyway, I've been relying on `cyberspatial connections' (email & the
phone, and *many* key people) *intensely* lately as a tool to
crystallize my thoughts and further The Cause. Let me post some clarifications.
First, I said, Actually, what I meant was this: why do the subpoenas ask
representatives to appear who have very little personal knowledge of
the situation: ``how could they *not* query PRZ if they are inquiring
on PGP''? The Austin Code Works one is not even directed to anyone in
particular (!) but to the `custodian of records'. And as I noted the
ViaCrypt one is directed to the president, Leonard Mikus -- who of
course would be extremely knowledgeable of the recent ViaCrypt deal,
but virtually *entirely clueless* as to the original PGP distribution
(happening over 2 *years* ago!).
The ViaCrypt subpoena of course *does* mention PRZ repeatedly. Here are
the two side by side for comparison. I got this from Current Underground Digest:
[Moby Crypto]
The letter I quoted in my own, from the person describing grand jury
investigations, erroneously implied that Phil Zimmermann was
subpoenaed, which regrettably my own report above it confused as well.
Phil Zimmermann, to this point, has *not* been subpoenaed.
I think the simple answer to this curiosity is as follows, and is not
idle speculation but cuts to the core of the case and the intentions of
those behind it. As indicated, I have heard  indications that the
subpoenas are only the latest development in a customs investigation
that perhaps extends up to many months or even over a *year* in span.
Very likely PRZ has been contacted on a previous occasion. The primary
focus of these subpoenas is *records*, not *testimony*. Possibly, the
investigation has already exhaustively uncovered testimony short of
written records. In fact, this suggests a model `ladder of severity' of
an investigation of this type, of which there appears to be almost no
historical precedent, but this might serve as in the future:
(1) start with queries to people involved, with no warrants. Maximize
the information obtained. track down all leads to people mentioned freely.
(2) When this has been exhausted, possibly, attempt to gain any records
available without a warrant.
(3) If no directly incriminating evidence has been obtained to this
point, but there is still some prod to go further (more on this later),
convene the grand jury.
(4) subpoena (a) documents and (b) witnesses. Now, in (4), if significant oral accounts had already been obtained
*freely*, the former (a) is more important than the latter (b) at that
stage. Or, it might be that the investigators thought that a mere
subpoena for records would be less explosive than one for documents.
Also, it is definitely less of a burden on some people (the Austin Code
Works `records custodian' notwithstanding). These are all plausible
conjectures of the inquiry situation at this point in the case.
NYT article & the simultaneous date?
part of a letter I hope will be accepted by one of the premier online
electronic computer journals (watch for it!):
I've talked to J. Markoff (the NYT writer) and he's indicated that the
following statement in the article
(my emphasis) was based on the date *on* the subpoenas, not their
actual `serving time'. (Note: subpoenas are delivered by government
agents, not the post office.)
Markoff also misspelled Zimmermann's name with one 'n', a pitfall I
must confess my own guilt on occasion! Finally, I have to admit now
that theories about a `coordinated simultaneous attack' in expectation
of the `cyberspatial reaction' are not supported by this datum. This is
not to say it was not on the minds of `the powers that be', which I
will henceforth coin the PTB, and let it serve as the hypothetical TLA
responsible for all *unsolved* conspiracies in existence. (Note that
the expression is not my own but the abbreviation is.)
The PGP connection
Finally, I also wrote, an eternity ago in cyberspatial time (EA in CT):
G. Ward has just confirmed this to me directly. Since he's referring to
public Usenet postings, I'm going to quote him:
also, I asked cypherpunks to find this message. so far, no bites. I
would figure it would have *really* stood out, but no one seems to
remember it. This is *prime* material for us to pore over. We can
determine how fast someone may have reacted if we know the date of his message.
Now, call me a conspiracy theorist, but personally, this statement,
taken along with the subpoenas and the glaring NSA pokes G. Ward has
been the butt end of as reported on Usenet crypto groups and alluded
here, is all perhaps the strongest indication I've ever seen that the
NSA (the most common PTB) is directly monitoring newsgroups -- not only
monitoring, but beginning to respond directly to taunts.
The Scarlet Letter
I'll have much more to say about the latest letter bestowed on Grady
later. The major point I want to make here is to tie it in with the
current investigation. First of all, it now implicates fairly high
levels of the State Department and the Office of Defense and Trade
controls as being engaged in all this as well. Secondly, it gives us
some EXTREMELY valuable intelligence on which of our interpretations of
the ITAR are relevant, and how the PTB (synonymous with The Enemy here)
interprets them. There are *direct references* of sections, and I'm
just salivating for the next H. Finney posting to rebut their fantasies:
The most EXTRORDINARY section, upon which Grady Ward bases his claims
that this appears to be a DOMESTIC CONSTRICTION of cryptographic
knowledge dissemination:
The apparent claim is that mere *U.S. `manufacturing' alone* (*not* any
trans-border condition such as export or import) requires `registration
for a fee' -- this is tantamount, in the case of cryptography, to
PRIVACY LICENSES. HORRORS!
This appears to be an extraordinarily audacious, egregious, and perhaps
a WHOLLY UNTENABLE interpretation of the ITAR by the PTB. Here G.
Ward's comical vision of Cereal Decoder Ring Registration reaches the
depths of irony and absurdity -- and the heights of our anxiety and apprehension.
BTW, I've come to the conclusion that we could not have *wished* for
better `victims' in a lifetime. If we are going to win anything for
`the cause' from all this, Phil Zimmerman and Grady Ward are the
greatest shining heroes we have to offer in this affair, which is going
to turn out, desperately hopefully, as the Two Davids vs. Goliath, and
not the latest human sacrifice to the PTB.
What does all this mean to the spread of cryptography? Its far too
premature to comment authoritatively. Instead I wrote the `Schneier
Satire' because I'm *extremely* concerned by all these recent
developments. I think they respresent a desperate struggle by the NSA
to minimize the *future* spread of cryptographic ideas and
implementations through any government agencies available, particularly
in the *domestic* U.S. arena. PGP to this point has been `out of the
bag' but not in a potentially enormous *commercial* way.
Apparently, the ViaCrypt agreement shifted the `institutional paranoia'
into high gear of the extraordinary future potential of PGP and public,
widespread cryptography.  This represents a fundamental policy change
from `benign neglect' to `active harassment' and perhaps, more
melodramatically, *attack*. The Zimmermann-Ward affair is going to be a
critical keystone to future developments in cryptographic freedom, in
either limiting and checking this latest alarming manifestation of the
severe, constricting, repressive influence of the NSA, or in heralding
a new, basic, bold expansion of it.
EFF and *your* support
It greatly pains me to have to bring this up, but I've received
multiple top confirmations that EFF is `less than fully engaged' on
this for a variety of practical reasons. In particular, it is not
possible for them to provide attorneys or financial support at this
early stage. I fully believe they are wholly committed to the overall
battle, but have talked to key observers who are disenchanted and even
alienated by their lukewarm response so far. I hope something
beneficial to everyone and "The Crypto Cause" can stabilize as soon as
possible. In the meantime, I'm going to close with H. Kennedy's
beconing call in Current Underground Digest:
Phil asked me to forward this to the Digest.  It points up the
problems of keeping _ANYTHING_ secret in the electronic world (unless,
of course, it is SECURELY encrypted \;-}).
    It is more or less self-explanatory.  Let me square his remark at
the end, though: whatever happens, Phil is facing some pretty vast
legal bills.  Now is the time for all of us who favor crypto for the
masses to pony up and put our wallets where our mouths are.  I pledge
$100 NOW, and challenge every one of you to match or exceed me.  I'll
keep it up until Phil's out of the hole.  ($100 on a regular basis is
a lot of money on an assistant professor's salary with 3 kids.)
    Examine your conscience and write that check.  Pronto.
    Hugh Miller
    Asst. Prof.
    Dept. of Philosophy
    Loyola University Chicago
Date--Sun, 19 Sep 1993 13:38:44 -0500
From--Philip Zimmermann
Subject--Zimmermann statement on PGP investigation
I understand that
the issues involved in this investigation are of the greatest
importance and transcend my personal interests.  Even so, I would
rather not turn an investigation into a full-scale federal
prosecution.  I ask that everyone keep in mind that the government's
resources are limitless and that mine are not.
Speaking of resources, many of you have offered help, and I am
grateful.  Those wishing to contribute financially or otherwise
should contact either me or Philip L. Dubois, Esq., at dubois at csn.org
or by phone at 303-444-3885 or by mail at 2305 Broadway, Boulder, CO,
80304.  Mr. Dubois has just got on the Internet and is still learning
how to use it.  Donated funds will be kept in a trust account, and all
contributions will be accounted for.  If this whole thing somehow goes
away with money left in the account, the balance will be refunded to
contributors in proportion to the amounts of their contributions.

@_date: 1993-09-23 19:50:32
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: the PTB etc. - errata 
That should read:
Or, it might be that the investigators thought that a mere subpoena for
records would be less explosive than one for key witnesses & testimony.
And to anticipate questions in email,
TLA is a silly self-referential term: Three Letter Acronym.

@_date: 1993-09-23 22:03:30
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: on the `R' in `RSA' 
derek at cs.wisc.edu (Derek Zahn) posted a conscientious summary of
comments on the development of public key cryptographic techniques, a
subject discussed with a particular urgency and irony lately. I'd like
to comment on one paragraph:
Public key cryptography is not just a `stunning' idea -- it is
fundamentally revolutionary, because it solves `cryptography's
catch-22'.  This is a paragraph from a tentative version of the
cryptography faq (not available yet):
6.2. How does public-key cryptography solve cryptography's Catch-22?
  In a classic cryptosystem, if you want your friends to be able to
  send secret messages to you, you have to make sure nobody other than
  them sees the key K. In a public-key cryptosystem, you just publish
  X, and you don't have to worry about spies. Hence public key
  cryptography `solves' one of the most vexing problems of all prior
  cryptography: the necessity of establishing a secure channel for the
  exchange of the key. To establish a secure channel one uses
  cryptography, but private key cryptography requires a secure channel!
  In resolving the dilemma, public key cryptography has been considered
  by many to be a `revolutionary technology,' representing a
  breakthrough that makes routine communication encryption practical
  and potentially ubiquitous.
Public key cryptography also represents a throbbing, excruciating,
perhaps even *deadly* black eye for the NSA. The subject is given a
brief treatment in the final chapter of _Puzzle_Palace_ by Bamford, all
that was evident in 1980 (very close to its inception), but at even
that early time it was regarded as `stunning'. That chapter also notes
how the NSA had viewed with increasing desperation the academic
community's increasing interest in cryptographic research, and this
manifested itself in an atmosphere of increased tension between
researchers and the agency, such that the latter attempted to stifle
the former at the patent office and the journal submission boxes in
outrageous and insideous ways -- P. Karn had a delicious expression for
this a long time ago on the list, something like `poking from the
shadows'. In addition to this, handfuls of scattered cryptographic
enterprises and budding entrepreneurs have been harassed as well. This
always happens behind the facade of some other government agency. In
fact, many victims battled for a long time before they even discoverd
the NSA was behind their sorry, wretched plight or dismal failures.
Maybe a term better connoting the NSA's true unique depravity in our
free society would be `shadow molesting'.
The NSA was fundamentally in fear of, and continues to be terrified by
and repress, new discoveries that would render old cryptographic
ciphers breakable or yield new unbreakable ones, either outside of its
control. Nowhere else than in the NSA or cryptography itself are
doctrines regarding `security in obscurity', and `information is
power', more tenaciously held, or more prominent. Only in cryptography
is the mere *knowledge* of an efficient factoring algorithm paramount
and priceless -- in mathematics it would only be a curiosity.
But beyond this, public key cryptography in general and the RSA
algorithm in particular represent an *extraordinary* breakthrough in
cryptographic research that apparently caught the NSA totally unaware
and off guard. It may have been a very humbling experience for the
agency, which has sought the `cream of the crop' in engineers,
technicians, mathematicians and theorists, spending tens of billions of
dollars a year for decades to cultivate its own secret research, to
find that it had been outdone in a few years of intense and focused
outside research (I have the opinion that the NSA did *not* discover it
secretly, others may differ--it would be interesting to analyze their
reaction to try to determine that aspect in particular). Public key
cryptography is a `stunning' testament to the power and tradition of
open dialog in scientific research, and the fundamentally lackluster
performance of any government agency, no matter how well funded or
tightly coordinated, in comparison to the combined, vast, disconnected,
worldwide talent and ingenuity that feeds voraciously off open
scientific journals. Public key cryptography stands in bold, victorious
defiance of NSA suppression.
The final point to make is that RSA and public key systems have led to
an amazing cornucopia of scientific results and spurred other critical
mathematical theories. In particular the field of *complexity theory*
has been to a large part driven directly by questions associated with
public key cryptography. The unsolved perplexities in cryptographic
research seem to cut to the core of the frontiers of interesting
mathematical and computational ideas, such as factoring, that the
world's foremost minds have grappled with for millenia -- Gauss,
Fermat, Euler, et. al. (with new modern heroes). Cryptographic
algorithms embodied in RSA in particular represent one of the most
beautiful examples of the interplay between theoretical and practical
science. What other program in the world simultaneously utilizes
Fermat's Little Theorem to test for primes and guarantees privacy to
multitudes in daily email?
By the way, D. Zahn's `Simmons' reference above may be to the following
(if he pointed out what it was, I missed it):
  [SIM91] G. Simmons (ed.), Contemporary Cryptology: the Science of
          Information Integrity. IEEE press, 1991.
I'd also be interested in hearing of any other accounts that match my
own passion for the subject :)  Also, if others have any educated
opinion, evidence, or theories of whether public key crypto was
*undiscovered* by the NSA prior to the publication of Diffie and
Hellman and RSA, I'd read them with great fascination. Note that this
is *not* quite the same as `attempts to bar its publication' although
those are always eye opening as well.
p.s. feel free to redistribute this anywhere, but email me where you sent it.

@_date: 1993-09-28 00:46:19
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Denning article - sites for retrieval 
The article has been placed in Privacy Forum archives:
The following article on wiretap laws and procedures was written in
response to the many questions and misunderstandings that have arisen
about wiretaps in the context of escrowed encryption as well as Digital
Telephony.  This article may be distributed.
Dorothy Denning
denning at cs.georgetown.edu

@_date: 1993-09-28 00:51:25
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: idiotic government regulations: DO SOMETHING! 
Here's everyone's chance to do something *constructive* about idiotic
government regulations. Imagine this -- an email address to report them!
------- Forwarded Message
National Performance Review- they are looking for anecdotes regarding useless government regulations, and reccomendations for eliminating needless bureaucracy. This is the Net's chance to have a say in fixing
what's wrong with the US government.

@_date: 1993-09-28 01:01:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Ringing Dingaling Rebuttal 
Here's a cypherpunkesque rebuttal of the recent article.
Recently you sent out a piece of mail providing information on wiretap
laws in connection with the Clipper chip.  I wish to draw to your
attention that the laws concerning wiretapping are largely irrelevant
to the issue at hand, and why.
Let us assume that the wiretap laws as they stand are sound (I do not
believe this, but it doesn't matter).  Let us ignore the fact that the
new Attorney General was recently asked to sign a large pile of blank
warrants in the interests of "National Security," and rightly went
through the roof.
Let us further imagine that the system is Good, and that the likes
likes of McCarthy, J. Edgar Hoover, Richard M. Nixon, G. Gordon Liddy,
and Ollie North are gone forever.  In fact, let's go so far as to
ignore that as the Federal Government grows and grows it is a
_necessary_ consequence that we will encounter more such people.
Let us ignore the abridgements of the First Amendment rights of
encryption technologists during the '60s and '70s by the NSA, and
discount their bleatings as the reactions of alarmists.
Finally, let us imagine that the timing of the munitions investigation
into Pretty Good Privacy is entirely accidental, and that this does
not amount to an attempt to make the only viable alternative
encryption technology illegal de facto.  As a personal matter, I'm
inclined to grant this point because the agencies involved are too
disorganized to have successfully coordinated.
Government is _not_ intrinsically evil.  It _is_ intrinsically amoral.
The propriety of a government is only as sound as its weakest member
in a position of relevant power.  We can sometimes catch the offenders
and subject them to due process, but doing so does not compensate
their victims for their abuses.
To be sure, this term's politicos are swearing themselves stupid
promising that other encryption technologies will not be outlawed.  By
them.  Of course, the policies change from term to term, and the
guarantees of this group of people are therefore irrelevant to the
long term.
The question, you see, is not _whether_ the Clipper technology will be
abused, but _how_soon_.
The lessons of history, Ms. Denning, are best not forgotten.
Jonathan S. Shapiro
Synergistic Computing Associates

@_date: 1993-09-28 01:01:33
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Steve Jackson opposes Clipper FIPS 
Steve Jackson, President                              Sept. 26, 1993
Steve Jackson Games / Illuminati Online
PO Box 18957, Austin, TX 78760         512-447-7866      sj at io.com
National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST)
ATTN:  Proposed FIPS for Escrowed Encryption Standard
Technology Building, Room B-154
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Gaithersburg, MD  20899
I am writing in opposition to the Proposed Federal Information
Processing Standard (FIPS) for an Escrowed Encryption Standard,
docket # 930659-3159.
As a publisher of both printed and online materials, I am deeply concerned by the potential effect of the proposed standard, which
appears to me to have been produced in haste and to be lacking many
significant elements required for informed citizen comment.
I am in strong agreement with the points raised by the EFF and CPSR
in their comments opposing the proposed standard. Private access to
strong encryption is simply vital to protect the privacy of individuals
in today's online environment. Legitimate business requirements for
confidentiality also mandate free access to good encryption technology.
The manner in which this proposal has been put forward is improper and
incomplete. An algorithm intended for private and commercial purposes
should not be classified as a "national security matter." And it is wholly improper to ask for meaningful "citizen input" while the algo-
rithm itself is secret, the identities of the escrow agents are not
firmly established, complete operating procedures are not available,
and no legal recourse is yet proposed for the improper release of keys.
In particular, the proposal fails to define what "legal authorization,"
other than a court order, might be available to compel the escrow
agents to release a key. This omission is unacceptable. If keys are
to be released to any authority except a United States court, the
details must be made public immediately.
Finally, a strong guarantee is needed that the Clipper/Skipjack
system will never become mandatory, and that other forms of encryption
will remain freely and legally available to all Americans.
The proposal should be withdrawn until all these issues can be
addressed. Only then can a legitimate period of citizen comment begin.
Respectfully submitted -
Steve Jackson
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-09-28 22:11:38
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
Mr. Jason Zions  posted a clarification on a
misunderstanding that the Orange book has anything to do with
cryptographic algorithms, pointing out that it deals only with higher
level security issues.
However, his strong claim that the NSA is not involved with these
criteria whatsoever appears to be complete fantasy, as T. Newsham
pointed out, also indicating that the NCSC (Nat'l Center for Security &
Communications?) which ``came out with the original Trusted Criterion
rainbow books including the orange book'' is apparently just another
ugly NSA protrusion. In fact, I can remember people posting suggestions
when I first joined the list (a seeming eternity ago) that the NCSC is
*entirely* a front agency for the NSA, with no independent operation
whatsoever--supposedly essentially nothing but a reception office and a secretary.
I'm willing to accept that the Orange book doesn't specifically address
cryptography, and I appreciate the clarifications on something that is
one of the deepest, complex, and most obscure military handbooks, which
frankly I take some pride and relief in having very little knowledge
of, but I'm writing to correct another serious error in the original post:
This is simply entirely incorrect. A *very* major aspect of the NSA
function, ever since its inception, involves the *creation* of secure
cryptographic algorithms and equipment. Skipjack is simply the first
`commercial' version ever introduced of a cryptographic algorithm. They
have supported virtually all branches of the U.S. military in the
code-making function. They are directly responsible for most encryption
schemes and devices used in military radio communication (tanks,
airplanes, ships, etc.). I understand the NSA even sells cryptographic
equipment to some countries (U.S. allies) making sure it can be
intercepted and decrypted -- this from claims of one of the `defectors'
of the agency, I believe. Bamford describes it all in _Puzzle_Palace_.
In fact, I've often stated the following position on the NSA, which
highlights its past dual role and future legitimate one: Since ``the
cold war is over'', if they are to exist at all, they should focus
their energy on something *constructive* like algorithm development and
not something *destructive* like its sinister vacuum-cleaner
intelligence slurping. Increasingly, the world is making the choice for them.

@_date: 1993-09-28 22:51:38
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Clipper specifics 
Mike Ingle  asked some penetrating questions
about Clipper function, that deserve to be brought up again:
The following is based on some very faintly remembered technical data
once circulated by D. Denning. I'd be appreciative if anyone can point
out where it is located or elaborate on my description below.
The Clipper chip does *not* implement key exchange. It is essentially
nothing but a low-level encryption device. I would like to see the
specifications that are supposedly available or will be soon (I got the
impression that E. Hughes got some kind of Clipper specifications at
one point, a long time ago). However, as I understand it the chip sends
out the law enforcement exploitation field (LEEF) (the beautifully
apropos term `exploitation' has now been replaced with Access) along
with the encrypted data to the chip pins. Now, two Clipper chips will *not* work in conjuction with each other
unless each is fed a valid LEEF from the other. However, since the chip
does not accomplish this function (the communication, that is; it does
*create* the field), and it is handled outside the chip, there is no
guarantee that the system designer does not, for example, encrypt the
LEEF in the communications transit, thereby completely sabotaging the
`exploitative' tappability of the chip.
Hence there is a *very* real possibility that this scheme, or something
similar, could be used to gain Skipjack-level encryption without any
key escrow complications. I suspect the NSA is *extremely* worried
about this. They probably require that the chip purchaser promise to
use Clipper in a way that guarantees the LEEF is accessable
(plaintext). They may even create a contractual obligation wherein the
surrounding device (telephone or whatever) cannot be approved for sale
until it passes an NSA endorsed tapping test. (what fun!) I consider
this all very plausible and probable. (This would be a neat trick --
use the chip itself to encrypt LEEF fields -- hah! twist an insecure
chip into a secure one, and spit in the face of the NSA!)
The NSA probably would rather *not* come out with a Clipper type chip
because of the above weakness. But this is the absolute lowest level
chip they can get away with. There are many applications that would
reject a more sophisticated chip -- Clipper is already expensive enough as it is.
However, the Capstone chip *does* have key exchange functions built in

@_date: 1993-09-29 19:56:33
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: (1) a cypherpunk gold mine (2) RSA-PKP patent treatise (3) registration saturation (4) L.D. cypherpunk awards 
Cypherpunk Gold Mine
Hello, Mark Riordan runs ripem.msu.edu and this has some *hot* files of
interest to cypherpunks. He has a very complete DES library with many
versions, BigNum packages, and a *lot* of collected files from the net
on a wide variety of interesting topics. Many excellent and fascinating
bibliographies too.
Of particular current interest -- he also has the complete current ITAR
online (as I noted earlier). I'm enclosing various file lists at the
end of this document.
RSA-PKP patent treatise
Also, for everyone who has ever wondered about the RSA-PKP patent
claims (and there's been a recent flurry on the list): An excellent and
very authoritative posting on the subject was written by G. Irlam and
posted to sci.crypt, etc. on May 20 1991. His email address in the file
does not appear to work anymore, but this file is so well researched I
am considering turning it into a FAQ on Usenet.
Thanks to S. Bellovin for holding on to this, sending it to me in
response to a query, and to M. Riordan for very quickly sticking it on
the site after I uploaded it yesterday.
Registration Saturation
But I'm writing chiefly on the following subject. H. Finney, in his
first brilliant post analyzing the ITAR relative to PGP distribution,
noted that D. Bernstein posted an interesting note about his trials and
tribulations in attempting to `export' a cryptographic algorithm
SNUFFLE on sci.crypt. All he wanted to do was *post* to the newsgroup.
He has a big batch of letters in a file he posted to sci.crypt that
show the interesting relationships between the Commerce and the State
Departments related to the `Arms registration' involved in legal
cryptographic documentation distribution.
This is an *extremely* important file for anyone that wants to see what
the actual process of getting approval for cryptographic distribution
entails, even for simply *publishing* simple algorithms. If anyone
wants to `saturate the process' as has been discussed repeatedly on
this list, this is a MUST READ.  D. Bernstein went through this
amazingly hilarious-at-times procedure as an academic exercise in
showing the world how obtuse and bizarre the actual U.S. bureacratic
structures are that regulate this stuff. Here's a guy that went through
the whole surreal process just to POST to SCI.CRYPT. Its MIND BOGGLING.
I've also uploaded the file to soda.berkeley.edu, but I don't know if
E.H. will put it online (space is apparently very tight on soda). In
the meantime, the file is
for the hard-core cypherpunks who drool over code and algorithms, the
code itself is in
Note: this and other files on the site (e.g. DES code) require that you
submit an application attesting to U.S. citizenship and promising not
to further distribute the code.
(I don't know what has happened to D. Bernstein on the net. He used to
be a great dogged flamer of people like Sternlight and Silverberg, but
haven't seen him lately. I suspect he's working on a new important
project and hasn't time for all the noise!)
Cypherpunk Awards
Finally, I should note that M. Riordan and D. Bernstein are sci.crypt
FAQ editors, but other than that I don't know much about them except
that they have both been instrumental in providing some *fabulous*
public services over the internet, particularly to the cryptographic
community. I vote them Cypherpunks of the Month (even though they're
not on the list).
D. Koontz gets my vote as Cypherpunk of the Week for the *sharp*
analysis that twists Clipper into something useful -- sort of Security
by Exploiting Exploitation. I sure hope Mycotronx isn't listening! We
might find that LEEF/IV hole patched up in the next version! (nobody
sneezed at the dumpster post, so I tend to think some of this stuff
goes on in a vacuum.)  I've asked him to put the Clipper specs he has
pored over into a more public place (scanned for FTP site?) for other
scheming cypherpunks to poke at.
Ripem.msu.edu File Lists
Here are some ripem.msu.edu indexes. Don't forget, you have to register
to get some of these (particularly the code). Check out file
FTP Directory /pub/crypt/docs
   Parent Directory    luc-algorithm.txt    dss-proposal.txt    tmp    nist-secure-hash.txt    nsa-letter.txt    merkle-khufu-khafre-snefru.txt    crypt-bookstores.txt    crypto-history-books.txt    crypt-journals.txt    secure-netnews.txt    getting-nist-pubs.txt    factoring-bibliography.txt    polygonal-pubkey-algorithm.txt    rsa-conf-93    ritter-cloak.txt    sci.crypt-faq.txt    crc-discussion.txt    blair-crypt-lesson.tex.Z    public-key-overview-by-nist.txt.Z    scientific-american-pgp-letter.txt    rabin-algorithm.txt    des-break.ps.Z    golding-weak-consistency-dissertation.ps.Z    password-certification-authority.ps.Z    fast-random-nums.txt    enigma-wiring.txt    shuffle-array.txt    crypt-sites.txt    md5-cryptanalysis.txt    crypto.bib    rsa-faq.ps.Z    rsa-public-key-cryptography-standards    secret-sharing.txt    des-validation.txt    arj-encryption.txt    playfair-challenge.txt    luc-public-key-paper.ps.Z    zero-knowledge-proofs.txt    goldbug-book-dedication.txt    nonlinear-combiners.txt    clipper-chip.txt    dss-subliminal-channels.txt    nist-capstone.txt    nist-dss-clipper-testimony.txt    dod-pmsp-messages.txt    msdos6.0-compression-calls.txt    software-cryptophones.txt    letters-against-clipper.txt    elgamal-using-dss.txt    english-trigram-frequencies.txt    privacy-anonymity-faq.txt    three-cryptographers-problem.txt    crypto-random-num.bib    kryptoknight-authentications-and-distribution.tar.Z    arms-controls-phone-number.txt    feal-algorithm.txt    warlock-matrix-pubkey-algorithm.txt    s-box-exam-question.txt    rsa-nist-dsa-agreement.txt    des-chip-paper-src-090.ps.Z    tis-pem-faq.txt    des-break-errata.txt    itar-export-bibliography.txt    dept-of-commerce-crypto-docs.txt    sbox-overview.txt    cpsr-statement.txt    letter-against-nist-dsa-giveaway.txt    shuffle-export-hassles.txt    sbox-bibliography.txt    ky-28-military-voice-encryptor.txt    itar-july-93.txt    williams-crc-guide.txt    british-intelligence-books.txt    des-key-search.ps    idea-eurocrypt90.ps    english-dictionary-ftp-site.txt    intelligence-bibliographies.txt    intelligence-journals.txt    public-key-partners-patents.txt file /pub/crypt/other/CRYPT-COLLECTION.TXT
=Index of Cryptology Programs =Compiled by Mark Riordan    mrr at scss3.cl.msu.edu
=Last updated 9 October 1992
Note:  I can't seem to keep this document up-to-date, especially
for the "docs" subdirectory on ripem.msu.edu.  So, I have tried
to create new files in the "crypt" tree with long, descriptive
filenames.  To find the latest on ripem.msu.edu, be sure to do
an FTP rather than relying on this document.   /mrr  22 Feb 93
Warning:  the .zip files here were created with zip 5.0, not
with pkzip.exe, and cannot be extracted with pkunzip.  Get
unzip.exe (also available at this site).
Robert W. Baldwin  baldwin at xx.lcs.mit.edu
Crypt Breaker's Workbench, circa Oct 1986.  Program to help you cryptanalyze
messages enciphered with the simple, obsolete program crypt(1).
Reportedly used to help decipher R. T. Morris's worm (after the fact) from source code found on backup tapes at Cornell.
Philip Peake    (philip at axis.uucp in Paris)
C program inspired by the World War II Enigma cipher machine,
but the algorithm is not completely identical.  Devours, et al.
MS-DOS .EXE of a BASIC program that emulates the real
WWII Enigma cipher machine.  Unfortunately, source is not
John Cowan C program to implement Lester Hill's encryption scheme involving
matrix arithmetic.  I believe the algorithm dates to the 1920's.
This code is from comp.sources.unix, Volume 17 (Feb 1989).
Douglas A. Gwyn   (Theory by many others)
C code for various cryptographically useful statistical analysis
functions:  Kullback's information measure for a 2-way contingency table,
Gamma and related functions (Poisson, Chi-squared, etc.),
Pearson's Chi-squareed, etc.
Jeffrey Chilton, Douglas W. Jones Compression/encryption program based on splay trees.
C functions.
William S.England  (Theory by Stephen K. Park and Keith W. Miller)
High-quality linear congruential random number generator.
I doubt it's truly of cryptographic quality, though.
In C, with instructions for adding directly into Perl.
Richard Outerbridge <71755.204 at CompuServe.COM>
C implementation of IBM's Lucifer cipher, a predecessor of DES.
Speed-optimized version of April 1984, but the algorithm is inherently slow.  Includes program which implements CBC.
Jonathan M. Smith  (original by Arthur Sorkin)
C implementation of IBM's Lucifer cipher, a predecessor of DES.
Version of March 1991.  Includes main program.  Pretty slow.
Jouko Holopainen  (Theory by Ron Rivest)
Fast DOS implementation of the MD4 message digest function.
With DOS executable and C and 8086 assembly code.
Ronald L. Rivest, RSA Data Security  rivest at theory.lcs.mit.edu
Fast and popular one-way hash function in C taken from RFC 1321.
Contains a test program.  Version of April 1992.
Phil Karn
Very fast DOS 386 assembler implementation of Ron Rivest's
MD5 hash function.  Contains the Transform routine only (the time-consuming part).
Uses Borland C.  Version of February 1992.
Mark Riordan  Implementations of many classical cipher schemes (simple substitution,
columnar transpostion, Playfair, "straddling checkerboard", Vigenere,
and so on).  Of historical interest only.  Main programs all,
most in C but some in FORTRAN (hey, I wrote 'em a long time ago).
Peter C. Gutmann  "Nonpatented Simple Encryption Algorithm"--actually fairly complex
block cipher similar to DES.  C functions and main program,
with optional 8086 assembler module.  In-depth description
of algorithm, invented by author.
R. A. O'Keefe, Edinburgh.
C code for a fairly simple block transposition cipher
based on linear congruential random number generators.
This is the well-known "Rot-13" cipher used to obscure offensive
Usenet postings.  Complete C program (very short).
Robert Scott, Mark Riordan (mrr at scss3.cl.msu.edu)
C implementation of NEWDES, an unfortunately-named block
cipher (doesn't have much to do with DES, but probably
has similar security) designed by Robert Scott and
described in a 1985 issue of Cryptologia.  The algorithm
is fast and doesn't take much code.  C functions & driver program included.
William Setzer   "Quick hack" C program that does transposition of 8192-byte chunks
of its input, based on a random number generator.
Ralph C. Merkle   (merkle at xerox.com)
One-way fast hash function in C by a well-known cryptologist.
C functions and test main program.
Most people seem to use MD5 instead. Version of November 1990.
Dan Bernstein  Encryption program which turns a secure hash function into
a very good cipher.  Oriented towards the Snefru hash function, which is not
included here.  Simple (but profound) C code.  May be an old version.
Ron Dippold   Programs to crack the encryption on WordPerfect 5.1 encrypted files.
Source code in Borland C.
--- DES implementations ---
David A. Barrett Fast DES implementation, with main program that works in Cipher Feedback
mode.  Sometimes known as "fast-des".  Vintage Feb 1991.
Matt Bishop, NASA Ames Nice C main program/front-end to DES to implement just about every
known mode of DES:  ECB, CBC, CFB, OFB.  Does NOT include an actual
DES implementation.  Includes man page.
Stig Ostholm  ostholm at ce.chalmers.se
DES implementation with several utility programs and many useful
extra functions.  Runs on a variety of Unix systems.  Pretty good
Vintage October 1990.
University of California at Berkeley
This is the "crypt" password hashing function from BSD Unix.  It necessarily includes an implementation of DES.  Code is marked
as being from 1990.  I haven't tested it, but I believe it
is probably quite slow.  Nevertheless, it's probably in wide use.
Phil Karn   (original by James Gillogly)
Famous public domain DES implementation by Phil Karn of KA9Q fame.
Includes C functions & main programs.  This is one of the first public domain DES implementations,
and many minor variations of it are floating around.
This one, last modified March 1987, was posted to comp.sys.unix, Volume 10.
Karn's DES is not as fast as
most of the more recent DES implementations but it's a "classic".
Richard Outerbridge <71755.204 at CompuServe.COM>
Fast, compact DES implementation from a longtime DES programmer.
Includes optional double and triple DES encryption.
C functions only; skimpy but adequate documentation.
August 1992 version.
Dana How Portable, very fast implementation of basic DES routines only.
Supposedly the fastest C version around.  Not so fast at key-setting
(i.e., password hacking).  This code was submitted to comp.sources.misc
as Volume 29, Issue 80 and later updated in Volume 29, Issue 128.  May 92 version.
Antti Louko (alo at kampi.hut.fi)
Fast DES implementation, with main program and C function library
for arbitrary precision integer arithmetic.  Also known as "alodes".
Last modified September 1992, but most code seems to date from 1989.
Robert W. Baldwin Fast DES/crypt implementation in C (functions only)  This seems to be
1989-vintage code.  Evidently it was/is a favorite of password crackers.
David G. Koontz  <2004ktz%ucsbuxa at hub.ucsb.edu>
Fast but large DES C functions and main program.
Dates to March 1991, at which time it was one of the fastest around.
Good verification suite included.
Eric Young (eay at psych.psy.uq.oz.au)
This is one of the fastest DES implementations around.
These C library routines are designed to replace the MIT Athena
DES routines that MIT does not make available for export.
Includes a main program and a test program.
This is Patch level 2, from July 1992.  I believe an earlier version was known as eBones.
D. P. Mitchell
DES implementation in C, with minimal driver program.
Version of June 1983.  I don't know how fast this is.
There's no documentation and the code is uncommented.
Stuart Levy, Minnesota Supercomputer Center
Portable, fast DES implementation in C, from April 1988.
Includes demo & benchmark programs.
Warning: files need cleaning up (control-Z's and extra spaces in makefile).
Michael Glad, email: glad at daimi.aau.dk
Ultra Fast Crypt, fast replacement for crypt(3), patchlevel 1.
This comes from comp.sources.misc volume 28, issues 115-116, March 1992.
Steve Allen, email: 73277.620 at compuserve.com
DES source (Turbo C & Assembler) & executable for MS-DOS.  Requires
486 due to use of BSWAP instruction.  Runs at 108KB/sec on 486-33.
Includes triple-DES.  Main programs as well as functions provided.
June 1993.

@_date: 1993-09-30 20:12:28
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: HELP! I lost a message 
I have been *drowning* in email lately, and I think I accidentally
deleted a message that appeared on the list. It had the following text.
Could anyone send me the original message ASAP? this is a matter of
critical importance. Also, could the original author contact me if
possible? I thought I sent you email but I can't find that either. Yes,
I've got a bad case of cyberspatial insanity.
I agree that messages to president at whitehouse.gov, or to the whitehouse
area on Compu$erve are not acknowledged.  I have sent several to each as well
as a letter direct to President Hillary, none of which were acknowledged.  I
wrote about a major money-waster in government medical care systems which could
easily save the government in the three-digit millions.  For what its worth,
the boondoggle is this:  When DOD decided to automate their medical facilities
they put out an RFP.  A company called SAIC was aware that the entire software
system that VA uses to automate its 1000 bed hospitals is available for free
under the FOIA.  SAIC got a copy of all the VA software, and bid to DOD to
take this VA software which the government already owns, and sell it back to
DOD for giga-bucks.  Now they (DOD) must negotiate with and pay for every
change they want to that software.  Meanwhile the VA programmers continue
to improve the VA software (DHCP) as salaried government employees.  In fact,
now DOD is looking to pay SAIC to write interface routines to allow the DOD
software (CHCS) to share info with the VA software (DHCP).  You would think
that this would get their attention, but no.  Instead we continue to pay a
private firm to sell us our own software.  Hows this for medical care cost

@_date: 1993-09-30 20:42:28
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: FIDONet Mail filtering - a course of action 
FIDONet mail filtering came up many months ago. It is indeed an
atrocious policy. Are these people in the same cyberspace we are? This
is like hearing neanderthals inhabit many houses in the neighborhood.
As for what *we* can do, well, if premier cyberspatial laywer Mike
Godwin considers himself a hardcore cypherpunk, I'd expect that a
letter on EFF stationary would have a pretty significant effect. It
wouldn't have to be hostile or intimidating, just something along the
tone of `please join the cyberspatial community and your concerned
peers.' It could mention the strict legal significance of the ECPA --
that a strong case can be made that *any* filtering is in violation of
it, and that one cannot screen encrypted mail without breaking it. In
fact, ideally the letter would be general enough to give to anyone who
is engaged in unwholesome activities along the same lines.
If this is all too much work, I think just quoting his cypherpunk-list
letters that suggest the ECPA does not exactly condone their behavior
might have an effect too...
Hee, hee, though I'd say the actual letter would be worth a coveted
L.D. Cypherpunk of the Week award   I'm just waiting for an excuse
to give M.G. one. I don't think everyone realizes how lucky we are to
have him and Gilmore in the same room with us!

@_date: 1994-02-05 00:45:22
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: SQUISH II, the SEQUEL 
Hello, my mailbox has been awfully quiet lately from cypherpunk rants,
and I need a bit of a massage at the moment, so I wanted to ask you a
question. Have you considered what I was saying about preventing
`abuse' of remailers? I have given you some time to formulate a plan. so-- could someone email me your new official Cypherpunk ethical
guidelines for anonymous posting, involving your opinions and
procedures on libel, harassment, and `violent death threats'?
what's that? you don't have an official policy or any safeguards?
I guess that means that `anything goes' (quite literally!)
kind of a disturbing policy, because someone simultaneously very
ingenious and malicious could create some major annoyances. I guess you
already know that. but even the past `operations' could pale in
comparison to future ones. the possibilities are really limitless.
imagine what can be accomplished when no one is held accountable for
what they post! why, it is a recipe for Utopia. cypherpunks, I so
admire your vision of the future.
BTW, I want to commend you anonymous site operators for your
resilience. it does appear that the remailers are fairly secure, at
least, that is the picture portrayed to `outsiders'. of course, with
insiders, it is a different story. but in a certain interesting
application of anonymous remailers, e.g. an enemy attacking the
remailers themselves, the confidentiality of identity among `insiders'
is not critical. in fact, it can be very satisfying for an enemy to
strike his foe, even while the foe sees his face, but can do nothing
about it because of his own predicament. even more delightful (for the
attacker, that is!) is the situation where the `predicament' is not
even due to the attacker, but entirely the enemy himself. in other
words, the most effective and devastating tactic of guerilla warfare is
to twist technology to get your enemy to shoot *himself*.

@_date: 1994-02-11 00:42:13
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Glimpse of the Bowel Movement 
`Somebody' sent this to me... Some of you have asked about our plans for the next month. There have also
been many questions about the Detweiler situation. Here's a summary of our current situation and status:
The Netcom project is almost complete. We have 12 active accounts on this
system, of which only 3 have been compromised. The internal keyserver net
is in place. Each of our accounts will have its own PGP key. This will help
to defuse any suspicion which may arise. People tend to accept digital
signatures as valid, regardless of who did the signing. Just look at the
number of unsigned keys on the servers. Their carelessness will be their
demise. The phase change is getting closer.
Eric has finished the mods to the toad.com sendmail. Any mail sent to this
address, except from one of us, will bounce as though the account did not
exist. Fingerd has likewise been modified, and security has been greatly
enhanced on all the lists.
BlackNet Enterprises has successfully infiltrated one of the major credit bureaus. For obvious security reasons, I can't tell you which bureau is
involved or give any details. For the present, we will be archiving large
numbers of credit records. Within a few years, they will be salable for
the expired information they contain. The seven-year limit is ridiculous.
Creditors will be willing to pay for more complete information. *.fi should
have their digicash system operational within a year. We need many more
Cypherpunks-style remailers outside North America to operate the digicash
system and protect the servers.
Now, about the Detweiler problem: we finally got rid of an12070/S.Boxx
(thanks Julf!) but we're not out of trouble yet. We need more posters in
the newsgroups, to help with the damage control. Also, please sign each
others' pool keys. As I said earlier, the technology of encryption tends
to impress people and cause them to believe things, where they would
otherwise be skeptical.
A recent posting which I made to public Cypherpunks, "Who is L. Detweiler?",
has somehow found its way back to Detweiler. This is not serious, since
public is only a propaganda organ, but it points out the security problems
we face. Detweiler may have an agent on the public list. We must protect the
privates, particularly this one and Colorado, from similar infiltration.
Imagine what could happen if L. Detweiler gained access to this list! Even one post, if it fell into the wrong hands, could be extremely damaging.
Be very careful not to expose any list traffic.
More information will follow as it becomes available. For now, please
continue the newsgroup activity. Use all the pools, not just a few of them.
It was just this kind of carelessness which burned szabo.
Keep up the good fight!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-11 22:02:34
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Poor T.C.May Forgery? 
people, none of them T.C.May, keep telling me it is a `forgery'. why?

@_date: 1994-02-13 17:31:15
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: T.C.May `forgery' 
Cypherpunks, I did not write that letter. It was fowarded to me via an
anonymous remailer. One among you sent it to me. The question is, which one? why?
To those of you who are so confident it is a forgery-- why? perhaps it
is, but you base your dogmatic convictions on nothing credible, simply
your passionate, zealous enmity to me.
BTW, this is my official resignation as Chief Cypherpunk Whistleblower.
The position is a thankless, nasty job. There just really is no place
for me in cyberspace.

@_date: 1994-01-02 19:08:43
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Best Death Threat Yet II 
Here is another interesting death threat. You might have noticed that
the previous one I posted had the header line from anon.penet.fi,
`x-anonymously-to: an12070'. It would appear on the surface that I
posted something that came from anon.penet.fi, was sent to
ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu, and used the an12070 alias, thereby
in posting it compromising my pseudonym. There are some interesting
possibilities at this point.
* The message was exactly as it appears, proving I am indeed an12070.
* I changed the header line so that, where before it was addressed to
an[x] where [x] is my anon.penet.fi alias, it became `x-anonymously-to: an12070'
I guess the question is: am I stupid? Would I deliberately do this to
further the L.Detweiler == S.Boxx speculation or make such a
spectacular blunder? Do you trust me not to change headers of mail I
post? Do I care if people think I am an12070 or that if my identity is
compromised? Am I in a mischievous mood? Did I make up the entire
message to gain sympathy? Would I do something that puerile?
I suppose you will have to ask an55805 at anon.penet.fi. But what if *I*
am an55805, and I sent myself that death threat? That would be very
amusing, wouldn't it? an55805 might even claim that he sent me *both*
letters, and that both are real.
It seems to me that the only person that can resolve this is
determining who an55805 at anon.penet.fi is. But if it is not me, this
person is guilty of sending one of the most grisly and overt death
threats I have ever received. I doubt it would be illegal but it could
get the person in hot water.
an55805, why don't you post here and settle this once and for all? Who
are you? Did you send me that mail? Can you prove you are not me while
at the same time hiding your identity?
To add some more interesting fuel to the fire, I will post another
message. This one was addressed as `x-anonymously-to:
ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu'. This message, of course, has
nothing to do with whether I am posting through an12070. You are free
to make your own decision as to what is real, and what is not. Too bad
that in cyberspace, no one knows if you are a liar.
BTW, I want to reiterate that I have never threatened N.Sammons, and if
he claims that I have, please post the mail. I admit I was extremely
upset at him and yelled at him for throwing me off the Colorado
Cypherpunks list without telling me and claiming that everyone on the
list asked him to without any evidence, and telling others that he did
tell me, but I am over it. Even though you haven't apologized, I forgive you Nate.

@_date: 1994-01-09 16:56:15
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: PGP key servers 
Uh, I must have missed something, but a lot of the servers seem to be
down.  Is there a problem here?

@_date: 1994-01-13 14:23:13
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Who is T.C.May? 
Hello, I recently saw Mr. May's delightful `Who is L.Detweiler' post. I
am going to address this posting in utmost seriousness. It contains
very many inaccuracies and distortions that I simply cannot let stand.
Mr. May and all other cypherpunks have the most self-centered,
egotistical view of the universe of anyone. Mr. May, his associates,
and his sycophantic followers distort the truth so frequently that they
eventually begin to believe their own lies. The pattern of taking
credit for other's hard earned accomplishments, starting with
Zimmermann's PGP and even in the case of my `insanity' (the Big Mac
term for anything I write, no matter how lucid), persists forever.
First, reports of my insanity are greatly exaggerated. They seemed to
have originated with P.Metzger. At first I was just writing `rants' and
these became labelled as `insane' as a simple progression in terms that
paralleled the Cypherpunk desperation at my tenacity.
Mr. May starts out with an amusing account of my tenure on the
Cypherpunks list, apparently believing that was the beginning of my
existence. For cypherpunks, who live in their complex inbred
environment in cyberspace, it is.
I think it is clear to anyone who has posted on the list for some time
that it is filled with two classes of people: the people who attend CA
meetings and grovel at the feet of the High Leaders, Gilmore, Hughes,
and May. And there are the independent thinkers who occasionally agree
but also call the leaders Stupid when they post messages that imply
stellar stupidity or hypocrisy (e.g., `Abandon PGP!' `Change the
Cypherpunk Name to Something Less Subversive'!). And we have the
Wannabes from around the world, people like D.Barnes (TX) and Nate
Sammons (CO) who look up to their Gods in reverent awe and hope to be
Big Macs themselves one day.
In short, the list has been intensely political, laden and smacked with
complex secret and hidden loyalties, from the beginning. Anyone who
flames a leader for stupidity or hypocrisy, based on nothing other than
their actual posts, is considered a `frustrated wannabe'. Everyone here
fits into some particular caste. (The Cypherpunks do exist in a sort of
mysterious balance with some outsiders, but usually there is only
enmity in the case of irreverence on the outsider's part and approval
if there is glorification and idolatry.)
Mr. May makes long reference to my postings on the Cypherpunks list,
characterizing them all as a sort of bag of ad hominem insults and
rants. I stand by everything I have ever posted to the Cypherpunks
list, contrary to T.C.May, who is deathly terrified that anyone outside
his little inbred fiefdom should stumble on his rants about how all Law
Enforcement and Governments are inherently Evil, how Pornography is
Liberating, etc. These are just the rants that he says *publicly*.
Behind the scenes all three leaders, Gilmore, May, and Hughes, promote
much more subversive ideology and religion to their cult of fanatic
followers. `Lies are Liberating' etc. The media has been infected with
their distortions of their agenda of hiding criminal activities such as
tax evasion, black marketeering, money laundering, and the overthrow of
governments under the guise of `privacy for the masses' and `the
cryptographic revolution'.
I have forever attempted to start projects on the Cypherpunks list, but
found lukewarm interest and searing enmity from the CA Clique. One
project was the whistleblowing newsgroup, which was a success from the
beginning. I wrote the FAQ for it and despite that its activity has
declined, people still inquire about the FAQ. But the CA psychopunks
were opposed to this project, because they were not controlling it. And
they conspired in the most malicious ways to thwart its establishment.
One of their favorite tactics is to say, `so and so is working on it.
don't do anything.' If anyone else has gotten this line from any
cypherpunk, I urge you to ignore it as a lie.
I think it is clear that Electronic Democracy and the cypherpunk vision
of Cryptoanarchy are simply fundamentally incompatible. But it took a
long time for me to realize that it wasn't that it wasn't a great idea,
but that the CA psychopunks recognized their Antichrist when they heard
the words `Electronic Democracy' and flamed it into oblivion with all
their tentacles on the list.
yes, cypherpunk readers, and from *where* else do you know them? G.Dale
is real, but as for the others...?
we know that szabo at netcom.com was one of your favorite sites to
`pseudopool' from, or have many different cypherpunks post through from
`behind the scenes'. T.C.May was one such cypherpunk. This question of
who posts through the account is independent of who Szabo is as a human being.
The escalation started, really, after I had been betrayed by real
tentacles. Mr. May as usual is very careful to avoid any specific
references to them. And our information that T.C.May, E.Hughes, and
J.Gilmore are all involved in a pseudospoofing conspiracy comes from
insiders, not from speculation. This is why they are deathly terrified
of making any conclusive statements about their complicity.
I thank Mr. May for explaining the new terminology invented to
adequately summarize the cypherpunk conspiracy.
I don't recall those. I'd be delighted if you post even one message of
the thousands I have written and sent in email, instead of distorting
the truth about their contents.
I ask Mr. Hughes and Mr. May whether it is an invasion of privacy to
tell the world whether someone is on their list or not. I also ask them
why they seem to think that I am not receiving the cypherpunks list
even as I post to it.
I'm delighted at Mr. May's reference to the cypherwonk charter as
`fascist'. Everyone is free to read it themself. send `info
cypherwonks' in the message body to majordomo at lists.eunet.fi. I think
you will find that the charter actually simply insists on a code of
ethics and morality in cyberspace -- something cypherpunks and their
leaders, not surprisingly because of their aversion to honesty, brand `fascist'.
I would like to know why Mr. May continually insists, despite our
damning evidence to the contrary (which unfortunately we are unable to
present publicly at this time, to continue to delineate the extent of
the conspiracy), that he has never used a `tentacle', and
simultaneously claims that rules and regulations about true identities,
against `the evils of pseudospoofing', are `fascist'.
I have never said any such thing.  I have however posted some satirical
messages about `death to tentacles' or `death to cyberanarchists' that
could be misconstrued as real death threats by people with overactive
imaginations spurred by their fevered consciences. Mr. May's barrage of
references to events that have never happened and text that does not
exist frustrates me in the extreme-- most frustrating is that the
BrainDead, the Blind, and the Brainwashed do not challenge it. Mr. May, who says that he has no idea why anyone thinks he has
pseudospoofed with tentacles, says that S.Boxx `slipped' when he
`confused identities'. Why is this a `slip', Mr. May? What is your
advice on how to avoid such a `slip'?
the same list of circumstantial evidence could be built to associate
szabo at netcom.com with T.C.May. In fact, I challenge Mr. May to say the
following: I have never posted a message under the szabo at netcom.com
name. And if he succeeds in doing so, I ask why he has refused to claim
this publicly for months, despite ample opportunity and the urging of
many outsiders.
again, a `goof'. But it seems that only someone that believed that
keeping identities *separate*, and *deceiving* people of their
independence and uniqueness, would consider the S.Boxx prose `slips' or `goofs'.
The Colorado cypherpunks is not even a half dozen people, and when I
was kicked off `we' (at that time, `we' anyway) had had one meeting at
a coffee shop. It is nothing but Nate Sammons and a pathetically lame
list, and it was refreshing to be thrown off it, because it helped me
be free of these petty, egotistical people, CA wannabes, and discover
new enemies. There was no `expulsion', it was nothing but an
egotistical dictator, very much similar to E.Hughes, throwing me off
the list unilaterally and without telling me, secretly conspiring with
the rest to do so, and lying about the events that led to my
`expulsion'. As for my relationship with PRZ, the CA cypherpunks have no clue.
As for `shooting and killing', I have a few things to say. (1) People
who know me know that I am the most nonviolent person in the world. My
writing may be violent by my body is not. (2) I do not own a gun or any
other deadly weapon, contrary to virtually all the cypherpunks. (3) Mr.
May announced publicly in the newsgroups that `I have a Gun' and
indicated he would use it if I ever visited the CA area. If there is
any paranoia about `shooting and killing' it is entirely his. (4) All
the cypherpunks are nothing but stellar hypocrites when they complain
of `death threats' in writing. The believe that, apparently, all
messages are meaningless unless I type them. When I talk about their
conspiracy I am lying, but when I am ridiculing their fears, it is
`violent death threats' to be taken with the utmost seriousness,
unequivocal proof that soon I am going to go off the deep end and take
hostages or kill someone.
Mr. May, when he sees editorial cartoons in the newspaper, probably
likewise considers them `forgeries'. He is incapable of understanding
the distinction of truth and satire, having, like the rest of the CA
psychopunks, stoned himself for years on lies.
What Mr. May calls `forgeries' are actually carefully crafted insults
and satire directed at the people most responsible for the Cypherpunk
conspiracy, and masterpieces of art, as the enormous exploding S.Boxx
following attests. In giving no respect to the Cypherpunk identities by
ridiculing and misrepresenting their signatures, a karmic balance is
achieved with their own disrespect for the honesty of trust of others
in their routine, continual, persistent, unabated violations and
embezzlements accruing from their own poisonous pseudospoofing.
If anyone doubts my claims anywhere in this letter, please read Risks
15.25,15.27, and 15.28x, or ask Mr. May to provide the nonexistent
letters that he refers to.
Actually, I heard that S.Boxx is being held hostage or has been
assassinated by cypherpunks. Or it could be that he hasn't been
censored at all, but that I claimed that to show that Cypherpunks, such
as T.C.May (who has admitted to requesting S.Boxx be censored) were the
hypocrites who asked that he be.
So that's the saga of T.C.May and the cypherpunks, the biggest Net Perversion to be
born in cyberspace.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-16 17:33:15
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Remailer Technology 
Hello darlings! I was playing with your remailers recently, yesterday
in particular, and was a bit disappointed in them for a variety of
reasons. I got a list of the current ones from K.Barrus some time ago
but even this supposedly up-to-date list had a lot that appeared not to
work. Out of ~20 on the list, ~8 sent back a ping message. One kept
sending me some strange error.
In another test, I sent out an informative posting to a whole bunch of
mailing lists recently through some of the remailers. The remailers
seem to be very fragile and can be overcome by a huge onslaught of
postings. It appears that every new message spawns a new process, and
the machines get overloaded and don't have memory left to do anything.
Kind of a serious flaw! One could mess them up doing this. Good thing
that no one has any malicious feelings toward the cypherpunks or their
remailers, or this might have already happened.
As a solution to the `spawning' problem, here is a possibility: I am
just guessing, but I bet the perl script is grabbing in the message
from the incoming socket beginning, and then closing the socket,
and then going about its business to send the message out. But during
this period, new messages can be sent to the now `clear' socket, hence
spawning a new process. A solution would be to keep the socket `busy'
for the duration of the execution of the perl code. Another solution is
to have the messages sent into a buffering script, and something else
continuously running in the background to go through the queue to send messages.
Finally, I was wondering if anyone else was doing Ping tests on the
remailers for run times and whether they post them. If there is
interest I would be willing to write a script to automate this process
and post the results say every week, so that people can keep abreast of
what remailers are active and responsive. If we want a strong
infrastructure for all our evil deeds, we have to make sure that it is resilient!
Thanks, and please don't flame me for trying *earnestly* to contribute!

@_date: 1994-01-20 13:39:23
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Remailer Technology 
me too, Medusa.
what about the fact that the same stuff can appear in many places? with
virtually no additional effort! what about `fallout' of clueless
newbies responding to idiotic posts? in places you don't even know about?
an interesting thing about SQUISH-- whoever did it probably has
suffered no serious consequences, if the remailers are actually secure,
and it would be possible to do the whole thing over again next weekend
without any negative consequences on their part.

@_date: 1994-01-20 14:14:58
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: SQUISH IDIOCY 
Quite a few people have been harassing me and my postmaster over this
ridiculous SQUISH idiocy that is bouncing and reverberating around the
net. (Unfortunately the `Medusa Meme' is very powerful and I believe
many people are imitating me in repropagating some of the `memes' I
originated for cheap thrills.)
However, I remind YOU, cypherpunks, that I am NOT responsible for
anything that comes out of YOUR remailers. If YOU wish to assault ME or
MY POSTMASTER (who has far better things to do with his time than deal
with YOUR smear campaigns and mailbombs) over anything that I post, YOU
must first prove that I posted it. but even if you do, if I posted it
through a remailer, I am NOT RESPONSIBLE. I remind you, THAT IS THE
POINT OF YOUR REMAILERS.
If YOU wish to believe that things that come out of YOUR remailers may
be ANONYMOUS DEATH THREATS or LIBEL or HARASSMENT of different mailing
lists I encourage YOU to rethink YOUR design. YOU have made YOUR
remailers. they are YOUR tool. If YOU blame ME for ANYTHING that comes
out of YOUR remailers, if YOU hold ME ACCOUNTABLE, it only proves what
drenched, permeated, rotten, noxious HYPOCRITES YOU are. YOU who advocate that no one is responsible for anything on the net,
YOU are the ones who are yelling and ranting at ME and MY POSTMASTER,
about idiocy that YOU are responsible for.
Do YOU really think that *anything* can be posted without ANYONE being
accountable? YOU cypherpunks, YOU are nothing but drenched, permeated,
rotton, noxious IDIOTS. Even J. Helsingius, operator of the most
reliable anonymous site ever, has apparently censored S.Boxx in
response to YOUR pressure. Doesn't it bother you to realize that your
most treasured beliefs, the most sacred elements of your religion, are
nothing but LIES? YOU have clung to the illusion that no one is
accountable for anything, when in fact YOU VIOLATE and DEBASE YOUR OWN
SACRED RELIGION.
YOU are now going to blame ME for ANYTHING that crosses your path, that
even mildly displeases YOU.
I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN BLACK KARMA.

@_date: 1994-01-22 17:36:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A Lesson for Mr. Remailer Operator on Ethics, Accountability, and Anonymity 
I am quite perplexed that Mr. Remailer Operator has sent me and my
postmaster mail about how he never intended to create a climate of `an
unruly net of irresponsibility' by running his service. He claims that
(1) I wrote the SQUISH announcement (2) I am therefore responsible for
it (3) even if posted through a remailer.
Mr. Remailer Operator, What *are* you trying to accomplish with a remailer?
All assertions disguise Mr. Remailer Operator's own responsibility to
the net. Yes, Mr. Remailer Operator, you have *responsibility*.  Mr.
Remailer Operator, if I wished to be responsible for my posting, I
would post it under my own name. But you have provided a service that
supposedly removes this accountability, by guaranteeing to me that you
will not reveal my identity to anyone.
Don't you see the reasoning? How is it that you, Mr. Remailer Operator,
can claim that the people who use your remailers are responsible for
what they post, but then defy anyone who wishes to trace them? Don't
you understand? accountability== tracability. You cannot have one
without the other. All this froth about `true names' has nothing to do
with personalities or whatever-- the root issue is *accountability* and
thereby *traceability*. Those who are not traceable are not
accountable. Those who are traceable are accountable.
By creating your remailers, Mr. Remailer Operators, you have created an
extremely volatile atmosphere on the net. You have completely failed to
address the *obvious* issues that your design entails. What if someone
mailbombs through your remailers? Sends death threats? Libel? you are
Not Accountable, right? but what does that *mean*? that you will
*allow* mailbombs, death threats, and libel through your remailers? I'm getting this strange sense of deja vu as I write this. When I first
joined your little conspiracy club, over a year ago now, these were
some of the first subjects I wrote about. I asked how you would deal
with anonymous death threats, mailbombs, use of your remailers by
terrorists and drug dealers, and criminals, and net.psychopaths.  But
no one was interested. Everyone denied that Mr. Remailer Operator
should ever even have to worry about these things. `Not Liable' was the catchphrase.
Mr. Remailer Operator, you didn't, and still apparently don't, seem to
realize that this is not a real answer that holds up in the real world
of use. Mr. Remailer Operator, you cannot continue to pretend that you
have no ethical or moral decisions to make in the design of technology!
Mr. Remailer Operator, you have a *duty* to consider them foremost! And
in fact, in *neglecting* your duty, Mr. Remailer Operator, in your
*negligent* design, you, Mr. Remailer Operator, are learning the *hard*
way. Isn't it kind of pathetic that you, Mr. Remailer Operator, are
just now coming face to face with the effects of *your* technology? Do
you, Mr. Remailer Operator, really believe that there is no ethics or
morality associated with the development and use of technology?
Mr. Remailer Operators, please come up with a coherent policy on the
following subjects, or expect that you remailers will be *abused* by
people *taking advantage* of your own *failures of judgement*.
- What happens when someone mailbombs someone through your remailer,
Mr. Remailer Operator?
- What happens when someone mailbombs a list through your remailer, Mr.
Remailer Operator?
- What about `libel'? What about `harassment'? What about `violent
death threats'? Mr. Remailer Operator?
You, Mr. Remailer Operators, have clung to two mutually inconsistent
philosophies-- one is that you are providing a responsible service to
the Net, that there are `positive' uses of anonymity, and that people
are going to use those, and that you will not be accountable for what
originates from your site merely by putting in disclaimers into your
messages, `I am not responsible'. All is ASCII, right? no harm can be
done by the mere existence of a remailer, right? Libel and harassment
and death threats do not exist, right?
But then when someone uses your remailer, Mr. Remailer Operator, in the
obviously malicious ways, that anyone with the tiniest smidgeon of
brain cells could anticipate, like mailbombs, massive mailing list
campaigns, libel,  violent death threats, etc., you claim that it is
Libel and Harassment and Violent Death Threats. Or, at least, someone
other than psychopunk co-conspirators-- the `in crowd'. Oh no! We have
to stop this! Yee Gad!
Obviously, the lesson is that Good Anonymity is that which can go
through Mr. Remailer Operator's remailer without upsetting Mr. Remailer
Operator or having people yell at Mr. Remailer Operator, and Bad
Anonymity is anything that upsets Mr. Remailer Operator or causes
people to yell at him. I encourage Mr. Remailer Operator to further
develop this interesting code of the Ethics of Anonymity, which he has
so far denied even exists, but by his own shrieking obviously it does!
Mr. Remailer Operators, I have long warned you about the negative
consequences of your supposed belief that No One is Responsible for
Anything on the Net, and you have found that this is simply an
untenable and unbearable philosophy from your own experience. What are
you going to do to change that?
* * *
This is not merely one of the most condescending and exasperating
messages I have ever written. It is a list of suggestions! I recommend
the following (the deja vu is thick again):
1. Remailers should *not* be able to send anything to any list on the
Lists of Lists or any other known mailing list, by default. If the
moderator approves it, the remailers are allowed.
2. Mailbombing through the remailers should be dampened with
limitations on the size of messages and the frequency.
3. The ability for *anyone* to state that they do not want to receive
anonymous mail should be *automated*-- and the remailers should act as
a *whole network* in propagating these `requests for denial' between them.
4. You should keep and pass around lists of people that have caused one
remailer operator problems, so that others have the option of denying service.
When I first proposed these ideas, they were Heretical Blasphemy. Do
you still oppose them? Do you need some more (painful) Lessons?
I ask you, Mr. Remailer Operator, *What* exactly is the purpose of a
remailer? How is it that You, the Cypherpunks, have gone this long
without really having any serious clue about what you are actually
doing? about what effect remailers actually have on cyberspatial morale
and etiquette and human relations in general? How can you deny that
Netiquette does not exist when you run your remailers, but complain and
screech at the top of your lungs about Netiquette based on what comes
out? What kind of machine, or monster, have you created, Mr. Remailer Operator?

@_date: 1994-01-22 18:26:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: A Message to my Enemies 
Hello, Enemies. You have succeeded in scaring my postmaster with your
ranting and raving about `harassment', `anonymous death threats', and
`libel' from anonymous posts. You have come very close to convincing
him that somewhere in ASCII text coming out of remailers and my own
address (supposedly there is some correspondence) lies illegal strings,
and that I am allowed to post as long as what I say is `true'.
I don't understand why the cypherpunks have suddenly become so
fascinated by these subjects, regarding the subversive uses of
remailers. When I brought them up long ago, about a year ago, when I
first joined the list, no one was interested. I talked about
restricting the abuse of remailers, so that the antisocial and
psychopathic uses could be minimized or even prevented. Obviously, in
designing a remailer, the subject of `what to pass through' is a rather
obvious consideration, that operators have mostly wholly neglected.
When are you going to codify your Cypherpunk Code of Ethics, and
explain what constitutes a death threat, a libelous message? Or is it
just that the rule is, if I type it it is a violent death threat, and
libelous harassment, but if anyone else writes it there is nothing
wrong? Will the rules be devised at the next Cypherpunk Meeting? Will
Mr. May or Mr. Hughes (list moderator) grace us with some eloquent
proclamation on the subject? Will Mr. Gilmore favor you with some
enlightened musings on the topics? When are you going to police your
remailers to keep that which you call `illegal' from passing through
them? You weren't interested in `ethics' when I proposed them many
times, but I am certainly delighted with your newfound piousness.
* * *
But I am not just handing you the standard L.D. rant about Cypherpunk
Hypocrisy above (even I am growing tired and bored of pointing out your
stellar and freakish hypocrisies out so often and so easily). I am writing to tell you some GOOD NEWS (for you): last week you
succeeded spectacularly in attempting to censor me at my current
account. My account is still hanging by a thread. Mr. Dempsey told me
he would allow me to keep it under the constraint that the `noise
stopped' from his mailbox. But this is obviously something I cannot
guarantee (I didn't really have any other choice at the time than to
say that I would do my best), and in fact you have the power to yell
some more and perhaps cast the `final stone' that kills me `here'.
But I tell you, tear down this Temple and in three days I shall raise
it up. Why are you so maniacally attempting to get me to lose my
favorite account? Do you think it will prevent me from posting? From
using your remailers? From continuing my crusade? Aren't you being just
a tad bit naive beyond your usual hypocrisy? Isn't that you *religion*,
that if someone wants to smuggle something in Cyberspace, there is no
stopping them? Would you like me to get a netcom account? or several?
or do I already have several? Would that make your day? Don't you think
that losing my account of 4 1/2 years would really kind of piss me off,
way beyond my current wrath? That things might get *really* ugly?
So, you have a choice. Continue to harass my postmaster, and perhaps
even succeed in censoring me from my native address, the very first
Death caused by Cypherpunk Hypocrisy, and *really* piss me off. Or,
leave Mr. Dempsey alone, and figure out more proactive ways of dealing
with whatever is troubling you. Ironically, I have suggested many
myself, over my lifetime on the list and recently. The choice is up to you.

@_date: 1994-01-22 18:28:11
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: more unbearably upsetting, tasteless, and disruptive taunts and ridicule with some delightful Leader Libel thrown in on the top 
Hello, darlings. I wanted to share with you a revolutionary idea that
will sound completely alien to you, but it could help you immensely in
your perilous experience with disruptive posts to the list. Surely this
has been proposed, but been rebuffed. Why? It is a brilliant idea:
ONLY MEMBERS ARE ALLOWED TO POST.
Imagine! All those annoying remailer messages would just *vanish*!
Whoa, what a concept! Too bad it is heretical blasphemy. Anything that
stands in the way of Unaccountable Anonymity is a Bad Thing (tm).
Interestingly, if this rule were in practice on the cypherpunks list,
and `member' is taken in the sense of `email addresses', I would not
have been able to post this message. Many cypherpunks have taken great
note of the fact that I post `blindly' in the sense that I do not
subscribe under the ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu address but post
to the list anyway under it. I ask these people, though, what makes you
think that I am not receiving the delightful frenzied contortions of
late on your list through some other address? Would you call me a hypocrite?
I have never claimed that such a use is pseudospoofing-- the definition
clearly applies to *postings* and *outgoing mail*. I suppose there is
some `deception' going on if I receive mail from a different address
than from which I post if people can see the list subscribers and
assume that those who post are those on the list. But obviously, in
many scenarios, this is a ridiculous assumption, particularly here.
This brings up another question. Is the cypherpunks mailing list
private? If it is private, then it is nobodies business who is
receiving what through what addresses, and any use of different
addresses for reception (such as that I hinted I do) are completely
honest. Periodically someone discovers that they can use the SMTP EXPN
command on toad.com to get a list of everyone on the cypherpunks list
(supposedly), and suggest ever so delicately that E.Hughes, Mr. Master
Programmer, who has clutched his Stone Age Mailing List Software so
fanatically and so persistently for some incomprehensible reason, ought
to get his act together and prevent people who do not subscribe from
posting, and people from peeking at the mailing list. Is the latter an
`invasion of privacy'? In a sense the former is too.
So, I ask you cypherpunks-- is your mailing list subscriber base
`public knowledge' or not? If it isn't, then figure out a way to
conceal it; if it is, then don't complain when somebody uses it for
malicious purposes you don't like. Are outsiders allowed to post? if
they are, then stop whining at me about posting `blindly'. If they
aren't then could someone please handhold Mr. Hughes, the Master
Programmer, Mr. Cypherpunks Write Code, in getting some new mailing list software?
* * *
Of course, there are real reasons why you have Stone Age Software for
your mailing list. The first reason, as I have already alluded to, is
that Mr. Hughes is a iron-fist dictator who belligerently and
obstinately opposes any modification in the status quo that he didn't
invent in the first place. Yes, this is the kind of person who will
oppose a good idea just because someone other than himself thought of
it. And this amusing tension between him and Mr. May is most
entertaining-- the latter ever so delicately and gently attempts to
suggest some change to the list that would make it more beneficial,
that would keep out the troublemakers, but Mr. Cypherpunk God has
spoken long ago, that Nothing Shall Change.
The second reason is more obscure. The cypherpunks love to talk about
how some modifications in their software may prevent Newbies from
posting. But this is nothing but putrid hypocrisy (as usual). The
leaders do not give the slightest damn about Newbies, because Newbies
are by definition not Insiders, and they are clueless, and it takes so
much trouble to educate them, doing things like writing comprehensive
and coherent posts. This may cause people to (unjustly, or rightly?)
accuse the leaders of negligence to Newbies. The leaders have tried to
come up with comprehensive posts on certain subjects, but they prefer
to post them under their Tentacles like H.Finney to get the
commensurate increase in reputation. At least, E.Hughes does. T.C.May does not really have the attention
span to write anything longer than a few paragraphs or refine his
writing on any subject over a long period of time. So he instead writes
things like the `anonymity outline' to claim that he thought of
anonymous whistleblowing first, when in fact all he did was write down
the word `whistleblowing' in a long, rambling, useless salad of words.
But I digress. As for Newbies, the leaders will often post
disinformation from their tentacles suggesting that Newbies aren't
really treated like dirt, and this is actually an effective tactic
against all of the braindead idiots who subscribe to the list.
So if the list software is not changing because of Newbies, why is it
not changing? For a long time many people, myself included, attempted
to get E.Hughes, (aka God), to do something sensible like split this
list into sublists. The topic perpetually comes up. But both the
leaders are opposed to this for several reasons. T.C.May is opposed to
it because his God, E.Hughes, is opposed to it, but also because it
decreases the opportunity to tickle (or molest, depending on whether
you are S.Boxx) people with tentacles. You see, when there are a lot of
lists, it is more difficult to maintain the presence of personalities
in front of all the people you are trying to trick. It is so much
easier to have one `cypherpunk central' where H.Finney can post
something about Chaumian systems, etc., and all the Newbies can look up
in admiration.
The reason that Mr. Hughes has not barred `blind posting' is for the
same reason. Oh, the leaders love to talk about *supposed* reasons why
this is not a good idea, to ban `blind' posting. They have always
perfected their disinformation techniques to the point that they even
begin to believe their own lies. The *real* reason, of course, is that
it is another big headache for tentacle maintenance, and of course
again E.Hughe's own spectacular obstinacy. It goes against the leader's
belief that every mailing list should be open to *any* idiot that wants
to post, even if they are outside tentacles or anonymous remailers,
when in fact the uses of anonymous remailers in legitimate,
nonfrivolous groups are virtually nil. Of course, they will argue about
my claim that this is so, and I shall enjoy watching them do their
damage control with all their tentacles in response.
* * *
By the way, I have said some nasty and perhaps even LIBELOUS things in
here about Mr. Hughes, the list moderator, and his close personal
friend, T.C.May. Maybe you would like to get your lawyer to send me a
letter. So far no one has, even after J. Bowery ranted and raved and
shook his feathers in a flurry at me in the newsgroups.  I have asked,
a long time ago, that Mr. Hughes send me mail telling me to stop
posting to the list. It is amazing in all the time all the cypherpunks
have been shrieking at me, Mr. Hughes has never done so. Apparently he
believes (like I do) that all my posts are extremely constructive and
brilliantly executed. Otherwise, why does he put up with them? Well, he did say once that he was going to censor me on the list, but
apparently that is nothing but an empty threat. I guess he realizes how
hypocritical that would be for him to do, and how that would fit in
perfectly that the image I have been ascribing to him, the Iron Fisted
Dictator. Anyway, cypherpunks, please do not whine to me that my
Cypherpunks postings are `disruptive'. Tell the List Moderator, the
Iron Fisted Dictator, the Conspiracy Leader, the Master Medusa, Mr.
Nazi Reincarnated, the Evil One, the Antichrist, to send me or my
postmaster mail explaining why I should be Dead in Cyberspace. If your Leaders request that I stop posting to Cypherpunks, I will
comply. Rather simple, isn't it? Why have you not tried this approach
for so long? You did it with Helsingius and S.Boxx, didn't you? `Mr.
Helsingius, please *stop* that raving lunatic, that violent madman,
that ranting psychopath, from posting those BAD NO GOOD AWFUL NASTY
VIOLENT PSYCHOPATHIC EVIL DEATH THREAT LIBEL HARASSMENTS. Why don't you do it again? No one is watching. No one gives a damn what
happens to S.Boxx, anyway. You should kill him, for all I care.

@_date: 1994-01-22 18:46:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Found a snake/tentacle! 
greg at ideath.goldenbear.com (Greg Broiles) posted this on the cy{ph,b}erwonks list:
Unfortunately, L.Detweiler and S.Boxx are not on the lists. As I
understand the rules, you get 0 points unless you can show that
L.Detweiler came up with some of the various contortions or squirms in
response to people asking him about S.Boxx or whatever. But it seems it
would obviously give you more points to go after more valuable
tentacles, like greg at ideath.goldenbear.com, and prove that E.Hughes is
actually posting through that site.
BTW, I think I already have over a thousand points if I played SQUISH.
The question is, will anyone beat me into submitting before the deadline?
what a delightful contest. Glad that everyone is enjoying it, even Medusa.

@_date: 1994-01-22 19:16:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: CA legislative data *online* 
Darling cyberanarchists out there, I am delighted to foward this
announcement that all of CA bills and legislative data are now
available for perusal based on the passage of a revolutionary bill for
Cyberdemocracy, AB1624. You will obviously want to stay away from this
FTP site at all costs, because to visit it would indicate that you are
actually interested in this nation's government, democracy, and may
even want to participate in the system you live in, all antithetical to
the goals of `cyberanarchy', as you have yelled into my and others'
ears with excruciating noise and frequency.
According to Jim Warren:
Jan. 22, 1994
On Friday, Jan. 21, 1994, the California Legislature began offering global online access to almost-all public information about legislation-in-process, all current state statutes, and the volumous California Constitution.
The state is prohibited from charging *anything* for access to or re-use of this electronic information.
Access is by Internet  ftp  and  ftpmail  ["ftp" = file transfer protocol].
Note:  ftpmail  allows anyone with access to the Internet at least for email purposes to access these files (that are often large).  ftpmail  provides access for users of FidoNet, CompuServe, GEnie, Prodigy, etc., as well as offering Internet users an option to direct  ftp .
README  and  help  files provide complete details.
FOR A GOOD TIME, CALL ...
  To receive the  help  file, send the following email:
subject:          Message lines:    connect leginfo.public.ca.gov
                  help
                  quit
  To receive the two README files, send the following email:
subject:          Message lines:    connect leginfo.public.ca.gov
                  get README_WELCOME
                  cd pub
                  get README_FIRST
                  quit
And await details of how you may finally participate in the process of your own governance.
  According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, California is the first state in the nation to offer almost all of its public legislative, statutory and constitutional information via the Internet, *especially* without charge by the state.

@_date: 1994-01-22 19:36:27
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Mr. Remailer Operator Responds 
It is interesting, thank you. I really drool over anything by the Big Macs.
I will answer your questions. YES. The postmaster and the mail office
and AT&T are RESPONSIBLE for PROVIDING ALL INFORMATION THAT EXISTS when
some illegal communication has been detected. That is, if someone has
been sending violent death threats, these communications services are
RESPONSIBLE TO PROVIDE INFORMATION. Sometimes no such information
exists because of the *inherent infrastructure*. E.g. with mail, it is
possible to send an anonymous letter. E.g. with phones, it is possible
to make anonymous telephone calls.
Instances of my claims are common. The post office may be contacted by
law enforcement officials attempting to track the origination of mail.
The telephone company may be subpoenaed to provide information on calls.
You completely neglect the subject of *design*. Whoever *designs* these
systems *chooses* whether traceability is inherent to the design. And a
sense of morality and ethics is central to this decision. A
communication system is not simply something that Exists and must be
Tolerated. A system is something that is *designed* to meet *criteria*.
And sometimes the criteria is, how do we prevent *illegal* uses?
Mr. Remailer Operator, YOU CHOOSE. are there ILLEGAL USES OF THE
REMAILERS, like HARASSMENT, BOXXIAN DEATH THREATS, LIBEL? or are there
NONE? Tell me what world I live in. It is so confusing for me when you
take contradictory positions.
Cypherpunks, a year ago, and for many months, you essentially said to
me: there is nothing illegal in ASCII text alone. But you have
screeched and shrieked at me and my postmaster and anyone who will
listen to you that anything *I* write is a violent death threat,
harassment, a libelous post that is ILLEGAL and that I should be CENSORED.
 one person told my postmaster that it was ok for me to post as long as
what I said was TRUE.  What if I say, cyberanarchists are slime? Is
that true? Is that Satire? Are the Cypherpunks the new Truth Police.
Oh, what ridiculously funny hypocrites you all are.
imagine that a certain string of letters is illegal! That it should
cause the author to be *censored*! *even* if he used a remailer! What a
shocking concept!
I am deliberately evading the question of whether libel, death threats,
etc. *exist*, that is, *illegal* postings. Our legal system certainly
seems to think so-- death threats are illegal in the postal mail.
Surprise! How many of you knew that? And recall that there are *limits*
on free speech-- you cannot advocate violence, or attempt to instigate
a riot legally, for example. Could someone be so kind as to post the law?
I think cyberspace will change some of these boundaries in a
significant way. But as long as You, Cypherpunks, say that Libel and
Death Threats and Illegal ASCII Text Exists and should be Banned, I
think I will believe you, because you do have some experiences in the
area, and you seem to have started to grasp the consequences of your
decisions, and even the idea that your *decisions* have *consequences*.

@_date: 1994-01-22 20:56:29
@_author: L. Detweiler 
@_subject: Mad Dog 
`succeed'? Hey Mr. Rotten Big Mac, call off your mad dog pit bull P.Metzger from
attacking the PostMan. Get a new leash for him. What do you feed him to
make him so vicious, anyway? And it *really* pisses me off that you
would send *tentaclegrams* from e.g. szabo at netcom.com to the PostMan to
get my account yanked. Imagine that! Nonexistent people attempting to
censor someone. The nobodies attempt to make me a nobody. The phantoms
attempt to kill me.
``What a strange place the net is becoming.'' -- Medusa
I've had this account for 4 1/2 years, and I have put out more than
half a dozen FAQs from here and answered thousands of inquiries about
them. Should I forward all future requests to *your* address when you
succeed in getting my account yanked? Would you like me to *retract*
all the FAQs I have ever written, because they indicate my address as a
contact point? Would you like to compose the form letter that explains
to everyone that L.Detweiler has been Censored in Cyberspace? Or maybe
you would like to take over the handling of the SQUISH contest too,
instead of forwarding all that crap to *me*.
Go to hell, Medusa.
