
@_date: 1994-11-23 03:41:23
@_author: Lee Noon 
@_subject: CARNEGIE MELLON PORNO NOT 
Sex in Cyberspace Now Turning
University Into Cyber-Vice Cop
By HENRY CUTTER
Associated Press Writer
     PITTSBURGH - In a case that has colleges taking
another look at their legal responsibilities in
cyberspace, Carnegie Mellon University has blocked
access to bulletin boards that students can use to call
up dirty pictures.
     About 300 students protested the move earlier this
month as an assault on academic freedom, and a public
interest group for computer users suggested Carnegie
Mellon overreacted.
     "It is censorship," said Declan McCullagh, student
body president.  "We have obscene books in our library,
but the University isn't burning them. The university
is burning cyberbooks."
     Carnegie Mellon officials said they fear the
school can be prosecuted for distributing pornography
to minors if it knowingly allows access to the pictures
via the Internet to anyone under 18. Most of the
schools students are adults, but children as young as
elementary-school age also use the university's
computer networks.
     The dispute started when Martin Rimm, a research
associate working on a study of pornography in
cyberspace, used Carnegie Mellon computers to collect
917,000 pictures, ranging from simple nudity to
pictures of men and women having sex with animals.  He
tracked how often the pictures had been downloaded, or
called up by a computer user -- 6.4 million times.
     When Rimm took his findings to the administration,
Carnegie Mellon could no longer claim ignorance about
the material, said Erwin Steinberg, vice provost for
     "It's a difficult issue, an emotional issue," said
William Arms, Carnegie Mellon's vice president for
computing services.  He received calls from six other
schools after the problem came to light.  "People want
to know which way to go," he said.
     The school decided to block access to both written
and photographic pornography.  In the face of student
opposition, Carnegie Mellon decided not to enforce the
block on text. But X-rated pictures remain off limits.
     "I have not accessed that material, but I feel
that each person has a right to choose what kind of
shoes, what kind of ties, what kind of information they
want," said Cesar Rios, a graduate student in public
     Freshman Jessica Rhodes disagreed. "We sort of
have to abide by the laws of the state," she said.
"There are other ways of getting pornography.  If
people want pornography that bad, they should go buy it
     Mike Godwin, a lawyer for the Washington-based
Electronic Frontier Foundation said the chances of
Carnegie Mellon being held liable for carrying the
pictures are extremely slim.
     Richard Goldberg, an Allegheny County deputy
district attorney said it would be very difficult to
prosecute Carnegie Mellon, for the same reason it is
hard to prosecute other kinds of obscenity cases: The
prosecutor would have to prove the material has no
redeeming social value.
     "Then you have the problem of where do you
prosecute them? Where is it coming from?" he said.
     Goldberg was referring to the question of what
community standards should be applied to obscenity-in-
cyberspace cases.
 * 1st 2.00b  *

@_date: 1995-02-11 07:48:51
@_author: Lee Noon 
@_subject: Not necessarily crypt 
in message-ID: SG>> I heard yesterday that someone in the House of Representatives proposed an
  >> amendment to the new crime bill which was soundly defeated it. Turns out t
  >> Amendment was worded exactly as the Fourht Amendment in the Bill 'o Rights
  >> Apparently many a congressman/woman has egg on their face...
SG>Yes indeed, in response to the H666 bill. The Dems placed up for vote the   >text of the 4th Amendment without attributing it to be such. It was   >defeated. Dems then immediately took to the floor of the House accusing   >the Repubs of tryingto dismantle the Constitution.
     Almost all right.  The Dems did acknowledge it was the fourth amendment, they drummed on that fact during the debate.  What they failed to explain was that the amendment was not offered TO the bill but IN PLACE OF the bill.  Even the Republicans failed to properly explain this, instead saying it would "gut the bill."
     This bill is not new, people.  It codifies what has been the practice in two federal district courts for several years.  The boogie man raised most often it the "confidential informant."  The use of a bogus CI is illegal.  It is still illegal under this bill.
     The major problem with this bill is it does not add the penalty to law enforcement officers for "bad faith actions." This was proposed by the republicans last year and ignored by the democrats.  Tis year the republicans had the power to push it through and they ignored it.  Shows how really different they are.
     The "bad faith actions" provision would have made a LEO who knowingly generated a search warrant, searched without one without probable cause, liable for criminal charges at the federal level.  In other words when cop A uses cop B as his evidence for a warrant, and cop B lies, cop B goes to jail.  If cop A knew it was a lie, cop A goes to jail.  If it results in a shoot out like Waco and lives are lost, he goes to jail on murder one charges.  This carries the death penalty for a federal offense.  Naturally the one outfit which opposed this the most was the BATF, who violates this provision as the preferred way to do business.
     It is now up to the senate.  Hopefully Senator Byrd can stop taking about his dog long enough to bring these points to the fore.
                              Lee Noon (lee.noon at mgmtsys.com)
 * 1st 2.00b  * A government can't give back anything it hasn't taken first.
