
@_date: 1995-12-08 00:27:21
@_author: leefi@microsoft.com 
@_subject: Micro$oft and Java 
There was a press release on this. The PR index on  points to a few Internet-related announcements that were made on 12/7. A brief quote on these signatures:
"Microsoft plans to propose the Internet digital signature specifications to the W3C and the IETF as an open Internet standard. The technology will be an open, proposed specification available to the entire Internet community.  In addition, as part of the Open Process Design Review, Microsoft will host a digital signature design
preview in January to solicit feedback from the Internet community."
This week there was also another workshop for ~150 ISVs, and these signatures were one of the topics. The event was not under any NDA, so you should start seeing feedback once folks get home and they catch up with mail (at least two were on Cypherpunks). The folks putting on the event have put lots of docs on the "Sweeper" SDK, on the below-referenced web site. Honestly, I'm not sure if all the stuff
from the event this week is up there; if not now, most of it will get
added in the next week or so.
I believe SSL in current versions of the web browser and server, PCT around the corner (perhaps PCT is earlier than I'm thinking).
The clearinghouse for internet developer info (opened 12/7):
  It contains info on various VB Script, OLE Control, etc, as they refer to some of our Internet solutions.
A page related to this press briefing (I presume also opened 12/7):
  Hope this helps,
Lee Fisher
(wondering if I really should've de-lurked)

@_date: 1996-04-25 13:55:46
@_author: Lee Fisher 
@_subject: Hack MSN anyone? 
I was curious about the below message, and checked... MSN uses CHAP (PPP's challenge-response handshake) for network layer
authetication, and NTLM (Windows NT's challenge-response handshake) for
application-layer authentication. The password is never sent in across
the network. Challenge-responses encrypted with the password are sent.
Lee Fisher

@_date: 1996-12-04 12:41:03
@_author: Lee Fisher 
@_subject: Anyone considered adding crypto into Microsoft Outlook? 
MAPI is in part of the Win32 SDK, whichi is available on MSDN level 2,
in the \mstools\mapi subdirectory.
 is the MAPI home page.
 has some good
MAPI/Exchange resource pointers.
 is a new site for downloading parts
of the SDK online, but it is just getting started (i.e., i'm not sure
that the MAPI part is ready yet).
as for the other question about Outlook -vs- Exchange, see
 for a

@_date: 1996-01-07 20:12:37
@_author: Lee Fisher 
@_subject: "Microsoft.com" added to my KILL file 
I'm not in the Exchange group, not the internal operations group responsible for this last error, but I'll try to clarify the two issues raised by this thread. (But perhaps this message was pointless, as the folks I'm attempting to explain to have already this filtered out by their KILL file?)
MSMail and Exchange started before MIME started. They wanted to have "richer" email (as with MIME), and started some efforts, which put data in a uuencoded WINMAIL.DAT file. Exchange switched from TNEF (Transport Neutral something or another) to MIME. Originally the default was to send "rich" email but after beta feedback came in, it was changed to NOT be the default. So, these winmail.dat and MIME (and some TNEF) data included in some messages are from MSMail and Exchange clients. And while I expect that there are some things that our MS Mail and Exchange groups could have done better to introduce support for more than just ASCII messages, there is also some user education needed (that some forums -- such as mailing lists and newsgroups) often aren't the right place to post non-ASCII text like MIME attachments and older winmail.dat files.
Another issue (the one mentioned in the above message). Last week the mail server operations group on Microsoft campus experienced a few "growing pains" switching over to later builds of Exchange server, switching over from MS Mail. Apparently there were some brief problems, causing some bounce messages, which would have manifested from a few users  I don't know if it due to humans (operations group error) or computers (Exchange server bug) that caused it. The flurry of bounces was [hopefully] a one-time problem.  Lee Fisher, leefi at microsoft.com

@_date: 1996-01-18 16:14:02
@_author: Lee Fisher 
@_subject: Microsoft's CAPI 
As of today, some basic information on "Microsoft CrytoAPI" is available at It looks like this page has an overview, a 25-page Programmer's Guide, and 5 sample apps which use the API.
In general,  is the best place to check for any new for Internet developer-related stuff from MSFT.
Lee Fisher, leefi at microsoft.com, 206.936.8621
