
@_date: 1996-02-17 11:05:09
@_author: Laurence Lundblade 
@_subject: A brief comparison of email encryption protocols 
Raph, your summary is very useful!  I would like to make a few comments and
suggest a model for breaking down an email encryption system into four
components: the trust model, the key/certificate distribution system, the
on-the-wire certificate data structure and the on-the-wire transport data
structure.  The comments:
Here here! agreed!
X.509 v3 explicitly does allow for more flexibility.  To quote from section
 g) Complete flexibility in trust models is required.  A strict hierarchical
    model which is adequate for a single organization is not adequate when
    considering the needs of multiple interconnected enterprises.  Flexibility
    is required in the selection of the first trusted CA in a certification
    path.  In particular, it should be possible to require that the
    certification path start in the local security domain of the public-key
    user system.
It is certainly technically possible to use the multipart/signed format
from RFC-1847 (also used in PGP/MIME) with PKCS   It certainly seems
superior is almost every way to the multipart/alternative in the current
S/MIME draft.  Also Steve D. pointed out that the multipart/alternative
format is not the primary signature format.
Going back to breaking things down into four parts, these are some points I
know about.  Please correct me if I say something wrong and pardon some of
the details most of us already know:
The Trust Model
A lot of components may go into this (protocols, client/server
architectures, local key stores) and it is probably the most complicated
part of any system.  Some options are:
  * distribution of keys manually via e-mail
  * automatic non-interactive lookup of keys from a server
  * interactive browsing of a key store for keys
  * revocation lists or none
  * online certificate verification via a secure channel
  * certificate caching
Probably the best thing to say, is that there's a lot of work to do here.
The Certificate format
This is the format of the actual message that is sent from one user to the
next.  I'm going to discard anything that doesn't handle MIME because I
don't think they are important any more.  Raph described a lot of this so
I'll just mention a few considerations explicitly about transport formats.
   * PGP/MIME
       From a data structure format this is a compact binary format.  It
       seems reasonable to implement, is documented and requires no special
       tools.  There is a performance problem with key look ups
       for signed message because a linear search is required unless the
       key or other data is always included with the message.
   * S/MIME  (PKCS + MIME)
       Uses PKCS format with some MIME formatting.  The main problems here
       are the multipart/alternative format for signatures and the ASN.1
       requirement.  An ASN.1 compiler is required to implement this.  PKCS
       has actually been around for a while and has been used for a number
       of cryptographic systems.
   * MOSS
       MOSS is perhaps the easiest to implement and the most flexible since
       it is an ASCII text protocol like other Internet protocols and because
       it explicitly supports several trust models.
I think the most important observation is that PGP/MIME and MOSS share the
security multiparts structure from RFC 1847.  It is also possible to use
the security multiparts format with PKCS  and thus S/MIME could be
changed to support it.  If this happened we'd have something in common for
all formats and it would make life much easier for all e-mail client
authors.  An added bonus is that RFC-1847 support allows an e-mail client
to support encryption and signing of full MIME entities with an external
program that can be configured like MIME content viewers are with something
like the mailcap facility.  It can be something as simple as a UNIX pipe to
a command like pgp.
Laurence Lundblade      QUALCOMM Inc.           619-658-3584

@_date: 1996-03-01 06:41:31
@_author: Laurence Lundblade 
@_subject: A brief comparison of email encryption protocols 
Isn't using a hash as the identifier replicating the key distribution
problem that PGP has or are you including some other data that can be used
to look up the cert?  I think a problem occurs when you have 20 billion of
these certs (two for every person in the year 2010 or such).  A simple hash
into a table isn't going to cut it because you a single database (with
replication?) isn't going to be possible.  Some hierarchical lookup like
DNS is going to be needed. The look ups are needed to check for revocation.

@_date: 1996-03-01 09:15:27
@_author: Laurence Lundblade 
@_subject: A brief comparison of email encryption protocols 
The database size is really only half the problem I think.  The bigger
problem is managing the database.  I can't quite see it being possible to
have one organization serve as a distribution point for all keys. With
millions of billions of certs, you're going to have having thousands or
millions of database updates on a daily basis.
It does seem though that if you can truly eliminate revocations then things
get a lot easier.  You never have to go back a check with the issuer about
anything. This will probably work for some applications, but there's
certainly others for which it won't.
