
@_date: 1996-11-27 13:51:14
@_author: L-Soft list server@CNET, THE COMPUTER NETWORK (1.8b 
@_subject: Your request to sign off the DISPATCH list 
Wed, 27 Nov 1996 13:49:02
If you're reading this message, then you  must have tried to reply to the
Digital Dispatch  or to one  of the  Shareware Dispatches. These  are all
read-only mailing lists.
If you  are trying to subscribe  or unsubscribe to a  Shareware Dispatch,
please follow  the instructions given  near the  end of your  most recent
dispatch, the procedure for eash list is slightly different.
If you're trying to subscribe or  unsubscribe, to Digital Dispatch, or if
you have changed  email addresses and would like to  receive mail at your
new address, please follow these instructions exactly:
1. To unsubscribe, send a message to dispatch at cnet.com with the following
in the body:
unsubscribe me at somewhere.com
For example unsubscribe janedoe at whatsup.com
Your name will be automatically be dropped from our distribution list.
2. To  subscribe a  new email  address in the  case of  a change,  send a
message from the account that  you wish to subscribe to dispatch at cnet.com
with the following in the body:
subscribe me at somewhere.com
For example subscribe janedoe at whatsup.com
Your name  will be automatically be  added to our distribution  list, and
you'll start receiving Digital Dispatch the very next week.
3. If  you have previously  attempted to unsubscribe without  success you
may have several usernames or aliases, or perhaps you're having your mail
forwarded from one machine to another. If this is the case, please follow
the instructions in the email message  you received from the "L-Soft list
server at C|NET: the computer network (1.8b)".
4.  If you  any questions  which  are not  answered here,  please send  a
message to support at cnet.com
Thanks for writing.
c|net's support staff-

@_date: 1996-11-27 13:52:55
@_author: L-Soft list server@CNET, THE COMPUTER NETWORK (1.8b 
@_subject: Output of your job "cypherpunks" 
You are not subscribed to the  DISPATCH list under the address your message
came  from (cypherpunks at TOAD.COM).  You  are being  mailed some  additional
information with a few hints on getting your subscription cancelled. Please
read these instructions before trying anything else.
Summary of resource utilization
 CPU time:        0.020 sec
 Overhead CPU:    0.020 sec
 CPU model:         2xPentium (192M)
