
@_date: 1997-09-10 05:12:09
@_author: Montgomery, Lynn 
@_subject: FW: Notification: Inbound Mail Failure 
Please remove dpeterson at jonescyber.com from your mailing list.  He is no
longer at this company.
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Tuesday, September 09, 1997 2:46 PM
The following recipients did not receive the attached mail.  A NDR was
not sent to the originator for the following recipients for one of the
following reasons:
*	The Delivery Status Notification options did not request failure
notification, or requested no notification.
*	The message was of precedence bulk.
NDR reasons are listed with each recipient, along with the notification
requested for that recipient, or the precedence.
 dpeterson at jonescyber.com
The message that caused this notification was:
 Date: Tue, 9 Sep 1997 13:26:34 -0700 (PDT)
 From: hua at chromatic.com (Ernest Hua)
 To: business at sjmercury.com, computing at sjmercury.com,
state at sjmercury.com
 Subject: Why no coverage of CA resolution on Encryption?
 Cc: hua at chromatic.com
 Why was there no coverage of CA State resolution SJR-29?
 I find it using the search facility at:
      And the result is at:
 The on-line magazine has a full article by Will Rodger on this:
      Apparently there was some attempt by the Clinton Administration to
 cover up their lobbying effort.  I don't understand why the
 Administration would care about a California state RESOLUTION of all
 things.  Why does the Clinton Administration want to prevent a state
 legislature from speaking its mind?
 And what's with this attempt to claim "copyright" on that fax?
 Please get some answers on this!  The US Senate/House will be voting
 on important encryption legislation in the coming days.  The people of
 this country deserves to have a open, informed, serious discussion of
 one of the most important privacy issues of the information age.  We
 cannot afford to let a few intelligence and law enforcement agencies
 dictate policy TO us against our will.
 Ern
