
@_date: 2001-01-23 07:51:51
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Hi. 
I just read an interesting email that you sent concerning cracking .pwl files.  I have a need to crack a .pwl file, but I don't know how to make that program work.  I'm really not computer literate (if you can't tell).  I am a concerned parent that has stumbled upon information that is not good regarding my teen and the Internet.  Could you help me find out what these passwords are or how to work that program?  I downloaded some sort of password pwl program and it showed 17 passwords, but they are encrypted.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Mrs. Banks

@_date: 2001-01-23 16:08:53
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
Mr. Blank Frank,
I simply asked for your assistance -- none of your repulsive filth was due me.  It's people like you -- or the perception that you tried to give me of you that I am trying to protect my son against.  When deception, filth, dishonesty, and the such as you have displayed rule this world ... when talking isn't the answer, a parent has the responsibilty to care for their child.  Perhaps you are not a parent, or you never had a parent that cared enough to protect -- but, I am one that will fight to the bitter end to protect the innocence of my children.  I simply asked for you assistance in cracking the .pwl file and your response was nothing to do with that request.  If you are unable to help me, no response would have been better than the one you sent.  I'm sorry that misery seems to emmanate from you -- there's a Peace that can be found in Your Creator ... may He bless you today.
Mrs. Banks

@_date: 2001-01-23 16:50:35
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Fw: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Tuesday, January 23, 2001 1:43 PM
you --

@_date: 2001-01-23 20:10:10
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
Mr. Forsythe,
I couldn't agree with you more!  Thanks for your response ... I'm not sure
where anyone got the idea that I'm doing this behind my son's back, ...
because I am not ... we've discussed these issues at length .... thanks
again, Mrs. Banks
----- Original Message -----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Tuesday, January 23, 2001 7:03 PM

@_date: 2001-01-23 20:53:17
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
Mr. May,
Actually ..... he tells me that he hasn't forgotten it at all .... he says
that he knows that he should allow me to have access, that he's being
stubborn, and that he doesn't know why he's not giving it up ... must be a
"Hackers Oath" or something that's not allowing him to divulge it ... I
think that he's hiding something personally .... something that will hurt
our relationship -- what he doesn't realize, of which I've tried dilligently
to explain to him is that I love him unconditionally -- whatever he's got
... I'm in there for the long run and we'll be  better people when we
resolve the conflict!!  ... I understand certain temptations, desires, ect
... of course, I haven't told you that he has developed a hackers website in
which he has made some wonderful programs ... beautiful programming, I mean
... but they are programs that flood the chatrooms -- "just to see if I
could do it" ... and a ban program ... "they banned me for flooding and I
just want to play the game ... so I had to create a ban program" ... see, I
told you that he's very bright!! .... just want to see him use it for a good
purpose ... one that he can look back on and feel accomplishment.....  so
does this light give anymore fuel to someone's thoughts?
Thanks again,
Mrs. Banks
----- Original Message -----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Tuesday, January 23, 2001 7:40 PM

@_date: 2001-01-24 13:23:37
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
Dear Me,
I'm his Mother ... he is my business-- thus, his business is my business to
a degree!!  I know that many people do not feel the same way ... it's easier
to let him hide behind the door than to confront the issue ... but his
health and welfare, spiritually, physically and emotionally are more
important to me than a little bit of conflict!  And ... just to let you know
... he respects me more than to tell me to ... whatever that means ... but,
I have a feeling it's not nice.  Thanks for your comments though ...
Mrs. Banks
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, January 23, 2001 10:21 PM

@_date: 2001-01-24 16:23:23
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Sent: Tuesday, January 23, 2001 10:25 PM
I agree that it's not specifically hacking ... yet .... it's the principle behind it -- the gaming site sets up certain rules, he doesn't like the rules and goes around the rules to do what he wants .... not only does he do that for himself, but he then, puts his unban program on his website and invites other people to break the rules with him ... now, seriously, would you allow your daugther to participate in an activity that she's been banned from and then allow her to set the example before others and encourage them to do the same thing? .... I guess you wouldn't call it ... illegal ... here's another instance .... he actually boasts that he has "hacked" into other peoples' computers ..... isn't that computer space private property -- would you want someone snooping through your files??  Granted, he doesn't do it for destructive reasons ... I believe that he's just seeing if he can .... and ... actually, in the long run ... if he is to protect computing environments that he is responsible for ... it's good to know how the enemy attacks to prevent being attacked -- which is his defense .... but it's mostly the idea of ... trespassing into others' private space and the principle behind it..... what's your opinion on that, please?  OK --- I'm putting this in bold just so its' easy to read ... if, in cryptographic circles this means something (:0) ) ... no intent here ... gotta watch these guys on the list .... I'm coming in peace with a white flag ....
yes ... he's very motivated and for that I am encouraging him ... I do not want to crush his desire to learn and educate himself .... he's got a gift for computing and the curiosity to learn -- and, he's not involved with alot of the other junk out there that a majority of teens are these days ... for that I am very thankful.... I believe that has to do with his raising.  He knows that his life is special and wants to work towards what will benefit him and others most within the will of the Lord.
... snicker, snicker .... I understand this .... I just happen to be one of those people that would rather serve others than cause them stress and such ... but the "if we can" ... is typically living on the edge ... cracking Pandora's box just to see what might be in there ....
.... I want him to look back at what he does and feel that same accomplishment .... he did get the term "lamers" off of some of his zone friends ... are you familiar with that gaming website ... zone.net?  Any information one way or another about it's content, environment, etc ... what I've seen is not that great.
.... thanks for the time .... I've enjoyed your comments .... Mrs. Banks

@_date: 2001-01-25 08:18:12
@_author: Lori Banks 
@_subject: Blank Frank and Lori Banks 
Mr. Stewart,
I've just went out to the search engine I used to find the link that brought
me to a message from someone (Frank someone) who gave code for a cracking
the .pwl file program.  I merely sent a message to that person -- who I
guess was a patron of the cypherpunks list -- which, of course, IF I knew
that it would've been broadcast across the nation, I would not have asked
.... at any rate, I can see that I've made a grande mistake --
unfortunately, it was my first attempt at utilizing the Internet for
resources.  If there was any way possible to have my original request
removed and forgotten, I would do so.  I didn't find the original link, of
course ... I don't know why somone would post that out there and then not
help someone who's asking for assistance.  I have decided that I've wasted
entirely too much time trying to ask for assistance from people that do not
want to give the requested assistance, but their opinions.  I have gained
much from a few that have emailed me personally and I appreciate the time
and effort.  It just amazes me that people are so bored in their lives that
they find it necessary to... what's the word you use?  "Flame" ..... I have
made a mistake and have learned a lesson .... next time, I will be more
educated before I send anyone anything.  This cypherpunks list is much more
than I asked for  -- I am not some kiddie trying to do anything -- I can see
where people might do that .... on the otherhand, why would folks want to be
so *ugly* towards anyone?  I can see now why I do not want any of my
children to have access to the nation through the Internet.
In this process, the problem has solved itself, as I knew it would if I left
it in the hands of my Creator -- without the use of the Internet ... again,
thank you for your assistance -- God bless you all as you seek the path in
life that you must travel as I do the same.
Mrs. Banks
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Thursday, January 25, 2001 2:35 AM
