
@_date: 2001-08-27 23:01:19
@_author: Bill Gallagher 
@_subject: NSA Elephant Herd 
Chapter 24 ³Secret Powers Behind Covert Groups²
page 347 Subtitled ³Moves By The CIA²
    The man perhaps most responsible for initiating interest in United
Europe Movements was Count Richard Coudenhove-Kalergi, who had founded
Pan-Europa in 1922 as The Pan European Union.  Although it accomplished
little on a practical level, Pan-Europa, in the period between the wars, was
a prestigious organization.  Its membership included a number of esteemed
political figures, such as Leon Blum and Aristide Briand in France and
Eduard Benes in Czechosolvakia, as well as Winston Churchill.  The
membership also included Albert Einstein, and such cultural luminaries as
Paul Valery, Miguel de Unamuno, George Bernard Shaw and Thomas Mann.
    Driven out of Austria by the German Anschluss of 1938,
Coudenhove-Kalergi, in 1940, fled to the United States.  Here he lobbied
tirelessly for his Pan-European ideal, insisting that European unity must be
a priority for American Policy after the war.  His efforts served to
convince a number of important American political figures, such as William
Bullitt and Senators Fullbright and Wheeler.  When America entered the war,
some of Coudenhove-Kalergi¹s thinking offered a blueprint for action.  It
was to be adopted as such by the OSS, precursor of the CIA.
    The OSS, or Office of Strategic Services, was created in emulation, and
with the aid of, Britains MI6 and SOE.  Its first director was General
William (Wild Bill) Donovan.  Donovans agents were to provide the nucleus
for the post war CIA.  One of them, Allen Dulles, became director of the CIA
from 1953 until the Bay of Pigs debacle forced him to resign in 1961.
During the war, Dulles had been based in Switzerland, and he maintained the
contacts he had made there with Helmut James von Moltke and the Kreisau
    As director of the OSS, William Donovan was quick to realize the
potential significance of the Vatican to intelligence operations.  Thousands
of Catholic priests were also serving as chaplains in the armed forces of
every combatant nation.  The network was already engaged in intelligence
activity, passing vast qualtities of information back to the Vatican¹s own
internal intelligences department.  One of the four section leaders of
Vatican Intelligence was Monsignor Giovanni Montini--later Pope Paul VI.
Donovan therefore undertook to establish close links with the Vatican.
    Shortly after Americas entry into the war, Donovan forged an alliance
with one Father Felix Morlion, founder of a European intelligence service
called Pro Deo (For God), based in Lisbon.  Under Donovan¹s auspices, Pro
Deo moved its headquarters to New York, and the OSS undertook to finance its
operation.  When Rome was liberated in 1944, Donovan and Father Morlion
proceeded to install Pro Deo in the Vatican itself.  Here, it was
particularly well situated to draw on information from Catholic priests who
had been, or were still, in Germany or with German Armed Forces.  The
Jesuits, with their sophisticated training, rigorous discipline and tight
knit organization, proved an especially valuable source of intelligence
    In the period following the war, the United States hastened to
capitalize on the apparatus Donovan had established,  particularly in Italy
