
@_date: 2001-01-21 19:35:08
@_author: Lyle Richardson 
@_subject: This better be where to post anything up on the site! 
I disagree with what many say is the "Illegal Occupation" of Northern Ireland. England conquered Ireland over 800 years ago, just like the USA conquered the Indians of the Great Plains. What i'm getting at is that Countries Conquer.
Yet Ireland was always English if you go far back enough, the First Irish where from England, the Irish Patron Saint, Patrick, was from England. Ireland was first properly civilised by the English and it goes on.
People say the Army should pull out, well if they where never sent in, the troubles would have been long over! The Loyalists had "republicans and nationalists" on the run and would have kept Ulster or NI totally British, it was the Amry that was sent in to "protect" the Irish that stopped Loyalists and Unionists from winning the "war" in NI!
People seem oblivious to the fact that the "minority" cause the trouble in NI! What aboout in Corsica and Sardinia that have a MAJORITY that want independance from Italy and France, what about the Catalonia Region of Spain and the Basque they want Independance but no you never hear about it!
The IRA, ETA (Basque group) and other republican groups are a bit left wing paramilitary or in otherwords slightly communist and even if NI was given back to the republic, the IRA will want control of ALL of Ireland! They would have a bigger army than the Irish Republic have and so could beat them (like they almost done in the Irish Civil War around 1922, which was when it had already got independance in the south).
One final thing, if Ireland was reunited (pray to God it doesn't, for the safety of the Irish), the Loyalist Paramilitaries will go mad bombing anywhere they like as its the Irish money that is going to be used to rebuild almost everything, killing many more people and also will be demanding Independance FROM Ireland, and as the irish army do not have the money or resources to really prevent them, like the British could (the SAS should have been effective if used!) and the troubles in Ulster will go on, till all Catholics there are dead or all Protestants are!
Remember 1690! Londonderry, remember NO SURRENDER!
