
@_date: 1998-10-30 17:06:18
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: log files (was: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park ) 
in fact, large number of security studies show that variety of operations
are at greatest risk from insiders.

@_date: 2000-11-14 08:01:14
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
As an aside ... AADS ( ) relies on existing business
processes that provide secure bindings in account records ... just adding public
key & digital signature to existing authentication processes for
non-face-to-face and/or face-to-face transactions (i.e. the meaning of what is
in the account bindings continues to be what the business processes have defined
those meanings to be).
existing e-commerce is straight forward because it operates almost totally
within existing account-based business processes ... and the business
transactions tend to include more complex bindings from the acocunt records
(than just authentication) ... things like real-time credit-limit, open-to-buy,
running totals, month-to-date and/or year-to-date activity, etc.
the original PKI target from the early '80s for offline email authentication was
a problem since it mostly any kind of authentication binding processes.
"R. A. Hettinga"  on 11/11/2000 11:25:35 AM
Please respond to "R. A. Hettinga"

@_date: 2000-11-17 15:13:36
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re 
there are issues about authentication ... like conceptual frame-works of
something you have, something you know, and something you are. it is possible to
put together digital signature authentication technology/frame-works involving
digital signature that are dependent on one or more pieces of 3-factor
legal "signatures" as indication of intent have involved issues like counterfeit
and understanding (and various regulations about font-sizes, wording, different
expectations about prudent person, etc).
a digital signature, once executed is a lot harder to counterfeit (compared to
various written signatures) ... however there is much less direct correlation
between intention and the act of executing a digital signature. digital
signature in conjunction with various process that can proove that every digital
signature executed was directly dependant on various combinations of 3-factor
authentication (for each and every digital signature executed) attempts for a
tighter correlation and demonstrate some degree of actual binding (between
intention and signature execution).
however, they also introduce new technology challenges ... there is now a
significantly wider gap between the presentation of the information that a
person may be agreeing to ... and the actual representation that is involved in
executing digital signatures.
paper documents also have had the advantage that the presentation of the
information and the signature application is nearly identical technology ....
much closer binding between the representation of what is being agreed to and
the method of indicating that agreement.
There are not a whole lot of cases where as the person is using a pen to sign a
specific piece of paper ... that the pen can wonder off and sign a totally
different piece of paper (like radar getting week-end passes signed in the MASH
So the understanding issue pretty much stays the same in both environments
(digital signature and paper signature) ...  digital signatures (in conjunction
with the appropriate authentication framework) can reduce the instances of
counterfeit signatures being applied to documents ... but also opens up the
instances where what a person is presented isn't necessarily what the person is
So one issue might be ... all other factors being equal ... is the magnitude of
any counterfeit reduction significantly greater than the increase in the "what
you see is what you sign" problem and the "did the person actually
intend/confirm that particular signature" problem.
"Paul Kierstead"  on 11/17/2000 06:09:02 AM
Please respond to paul.kierstead at alcatel.com

@_date: 2000-11-18 07:39:21
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re 
there are issues about authentication ... like conceptual frame-works of
something you have, something you know, and something you are. it is possible to
put together digital signature authentication technology/frame-works involving
digital signature that are dependent on one or more pieces of 3-factor
legal "signatures" as indication of intent have involved issues like counterfeit
and understanding (and various regulations about font-sizes, wording, different
expectations about prudent person, etc).
a digital signature, once executed is a lot harder to counterfeit (compared to
various written signatures) ... however there is much less direct correlation
between intention and the act of executing a digital signature. digital
signature in conjunction with various process that can proove that every digital
signature executed was directly dependant on various combinations of 3-factor
authentication (for each and every digital signature executed) attempts for a
tighter correlation and demonstrate some degree of actual binding (between
intention and signature execution).
however, they also introduce new technology challenges ... there is now a
significantly wider gap between the presentation of the information that a
person may be agreeing to ... and the actual representation that is involved in
executing digital signatures.
paper documents also have had the advantage that the presentation of the
information and the signature application is nearly identical technology ....
much closer binding between the representation of what is being agreed to and
the method of indicating that agreement.
There are not a whole lot of cases where as the person is using a pen to sign a
specific piece of paper ... that the pen can wonder off and sign a totally
different piece of paper (like radar getting week-end passes signed in the MASH
So the understanding issue pretty much stays the same in both environments
(digital signature and paper signature) ...  digital signatures (in conjunction
with the appropriate authentication framework) can reduce the instances of
counterfeit signatures being applied to documents ... but also opens up the
instances where what a person is presented isn't necessarily what the person is
So one issue might be ... all other factors being equal ... is the magnitude of
any counterfeit reduction significantly greater than the increase in the "what
you see is what you sign" problem and the "did the person actually
intend/confirm that particular signature" problem.
"Paul Kierstead"  on 11/17/2000 06:09:02 AM
Please respond to paul.kierstead at alcatel.com

@_date: 2000-11-18 14:03:03
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
note also that current SSL infrastructure is vulnerable to things like domain
name hijacking; aka, at least part of SSL protocol is to make sure that you
really are talking to the host that you think you are talking to ... i.e. the
SSL certificate contains host/domain name (all this, in theory because of
weaknesses in the domain name infrastructure) ... and when SSL goes to check
something in the certificate ... it is checking the hostname/domainname against
the hostname/domain name that the browser is using.
However, SSL-certificate issuing CAs have to rely on the domain name
authoritative infrastructure with regard to issuing SSL-certificates & domain
name ownership issues ... this is the same authoratative infrastructure that
supposedly can't be relied on and justifies having a the whole SSL-certificate
infrastructure to begin with.
In any case, the domain name infrastructure has been looking at ways to beef up
the integrity of its operation ... like having public keys registered as part of
domain name registration. Now, if domain name infrastructure is going to use
public key registration as part of beefing up its integrity ... that would
medicate  much of the justification for the SSL-certicate infrastructure.
Furthermore, if a higher integrity domain name infrastructure included public
keys in the domain name record ... clients could request a real-time, trusted
copy of the public key as a adjunct to host-name lookup.  This would further
eliminate the requirement for any certificate involvement in the majority of the
existing SSL transaction operation (i.e. client gets the public key at the same
time hostname resolution is done ... the client can trust a real-time
host/domain name because of the improvement in the domain name infrastructure
integrity ... and at the same time it can trust a real-time publickey for the
same host/domain).
Bram Cohen  on 11/18/2000 11:15:38 AM

@_date: 2000-11-18 23:23:14
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: CDR: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
the current SSL domain name infrastructure supposedly exists because of issues
with trusting the domain name infrastructure ... except the SSL domain name
certificate issuer has to trust the same (untrusted) domain name infrastructure
when issuing a certificate (i.e. the SSL domain name certificate is no better
than the authentication authority that the certificate authority has to rely on
as the final arbitrator of domain name ownership).
one of the integrity issues with the domain name infrastructure ... is that
domain names have been hijacked ... once hijacked ... you can go to certificate
authority and get a certificate with that domain name (and the certificate
authority will check with the domain name system and confirm that the requester
owns the domain name).
for more ... see merchant comfort certificate thread at
specific news clipping on hijacking
so, the scenario goes that to fix various exposure & integrity risks to SSL
domain name certificate infrastructure, the domain name infrastructure that the
certification authority relies on needs to have its integrity fixed. the
proposal for fixing the domain name infrastructure (on which the SSL domain name
certificate issuing authority relies on as the authoritative reference for
domain names) is to register public keys at the same time domain names are
now the interesting catch-22 is that SSL domain name certificates were in part
justified because of weaknesses in the integrity of the domain name
infrastructure ...  however in order to issue those same SSL domain name
certificates, the SSL domain name issuing authority (certificate authority) has
to rely on the same domain name infrastructure (that everybody is being told
that you can't really trust because of integrity problems ... aka everybody
isn't to rely on domain name infrastructure ... because it can't be trusted ...
so buy a SSL domain name certificate .... however the SSL domain name
certificate issuing certification authority is allowed to rely on the same
domain name infrastructure for its authoritative information.
The SSL domain name certificate issuing certification authority just isn't
telling everybody that it has to reference the domain name infrastructure in
order to validate a request for an SSL domain name certificate.
I would call that ironic???
Now for even more ironic. In order to fix various integrity exposures in the SSL
domain name certificate ... integrity exposures in the domain name
infrastructure have to be fixed (i.e. integrity is nominally no stronger than
the weakest link). However, fixing integrity exposures in the domain name
infrastructure (in order to fix various integrity exposures in SSL domain name
certificates) ... can make those certificates superfluous, redundant and
Now the issue isn't to use either SSL domain name certificates or domain name
infrastructure. Since SSL domain name certificates issuance relies on the domain
name infrastructure for its authoritative information ... then the
infrastructures that the SSL domain name certificates issuance certification
authority relies on has to have its integrity fixed.
Now, I considered this somewhat ironic ... that in order to fix a integrity
dependency that SSL domain name certificate issuance has ... the fix also
eliminates much of the original justification for SSL domain name certificates
(i.e. weaknesses in the domain name infrastructure) as well as making SSL domain
name certificates superfluous and redundant.
SSL domain name certificates provide a binding between public key and domain
name. However, if public keys were registered with domain names in the domain
name infrastructure ... the purpose of which was to fix various integrity
problems in the domain name infrastructure and allow the domain name
infrastructure to be trusted by the SSL domain name certificate issuing
certification authority ... then the integrity of the domain name infrastructure
can be fixed for everybody ... eliminating the purpose of the SSL domain name
certificate (aka integrity problems with the domain name infrastructure).
Furthermore, if public keys were registered with domain names, then the domain
name infrastructure could serve up real-time bindings of public keys and domain
names (as part of the domain name lookup process).
If a SSL protocol ... when it asked the domain name system to resolve a domain
name ... could set a flag and asked that both the resolved domain name and the
registered public key be returned ... the efficiency of the SSL protocol would
be improved.
All in all
1) fixing integrity of domain name infrastructure (so you can trust SSL
certificates) eliminates much of the requirement for SSL certificate (i.e.
needed because of integrity problems in the domain name infrastructure
2) fixing integrity of domain name infrastructure with the registration of
public keys and making that information public as part of standard domain name
infrastructure provides a trusted binding between domain name and public key ...
making the SSL domain name certificate superfluous and redundant.
Now as to the other kind of certificate. My wife and I were hired by a financial
services company in 1994 to work with a small client/server startup on the
peninsula that wanted their server to be able to interface to the financial
transaction infrastructure. One of the things that I eventually specified as
part of that infrastructure was a consumer oriented certificate (along the lines
of BBB, consumer reports, etc). However, the whole thing was in its infancy and
they were having enuf other problems creating infrastructures ... so it has yet
to happen. Two people my wife and I worked with at the startup are referenced in
the following:
random other refs:

@_date: 2000-11-19 05:21:51
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
oh yes, as to the other kinds of certificates.
basically this is an issue of trust establishment. there are various forms of
trust establishment, advertisement, brand, word-of-mouth, previous history, etc
... not just BBB or consumer report like stuff.
Transactions are highly skewed ... with the majority of transactions having some
form of trust establishment not needing BBB, consumer report, etc. (i.e.
previous history, brand, etc)
on the internet, for the minority of transaction w/o other forms of trust
establishment and which would benefit from a BBB, consumer report, etc solution
... there can actually be two approaches:
1) offline paradigm; certificates are offline paradigm solution ... they've been
manufactored at some time in the past with potentially out-of-date and/or really
stale information.
2) online paradigm; a BBB, consumer report, etc online web site that gives
up-to-date, real-time information about a merchant. these would be well-known
web-sites and merchants could even have buttons that take the consumer to such a
Some number of the certification, licensing, & trust organizations have actually
expressed preference for the online paradigm, in part because it creates a
tighter bound with the consumer, they have better tracking of consumer reliance
on their services, and the information provided is current & up-to-date.

@_date: 2000-11-19 05:31:03
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
actually ... not really ... this was discussed early this summer as to what they
actually check ... and how trivial it is to fabricate necessary details to pass
such checking
random ref:
in general it is sufficient to have registered any DBA name & have a d&b entry
plus some misc. other stuff ... all relatively easy to establish. Since the DBA
name & d&b entry aren't cross-checked as part of the SSL certificate validation
... just the domain name in the certificate against the domain name used ... you
could be really surprised at what comes up for DBA names.
I've had credit card statements that listed the DBA names which had absolutely
no relationship to the name of the store I had been to ... which i eventually
had to call both the credit card company/bank and the store to figure out what
was going on.
Ben Laurie  on 11/19/2000 04:08:39 AM

@_date: 2000-11-19 11:45:51
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
specifically with respect to SSL server certificates ... their primary objective
was supposedly to overcome shortcomings in the domain name infrastructure
integrity (and as stated, most of the SSL server certificate issuing entities
actually also have dependencies on that integrity). Fixes for the integrity of
the domain name infrastructure ... eliminates the domain name infrastructure as
a business case/justification for the existance of those certificates.
Specifically with respect to SSL server certificate, the remaining issue is
possibly merchant/server trust (not trust with respect to internet operational
integrity ... but fusiness/fraud trust with respect to the business operation of
the merchant/server). Establishing that trust goes beyond just having the
comfort that if you are defrauded that you might be able to identify the guilty
party. That can be addressed with an online BBB &/or consumer report type of
service providing real-time information.
Eliminating both justifications for SSL server certificates ... then makes the
vast majority of the existing SSL server certificates redundant and superfulous
(and I believe would severely impact the business case justification for setting
up an operation to provide such a service).
Now this is applicable to the current existing dominant PKI deployment in the
world today (possibly accounting for 99.999999999% of instances where there is a
certificate transmitted and a client checks the contents of that certificate).
It possibly is not applicable to any other hypothetical PKI implementation which
may or may not currently exist.
Ben Laurie  on 11/19/2000 05:03:20 AM

@_date: 2000-11-20 09:51:03
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
as pure asside ... any SSL server certificate signed by any CA in my browswer's
CA list is acceptable.
for list of current valid signing CA's in a typical browswer see:
my broswer makes no distinction on which CA signed what ... and/or even what
they signed. If I get
a certificate signed by any CA in my browswers list that says foo.bar ... and I
think i'm connecting
to foo.bar ... then the SSL connection will go thru.
given that the supposed justification for SSL certificates is weaknesses in the
domain name infrastructure integrity ... and they beef up the domain name
infrastructure integrity (in part so that SSL certificate issuing operations ...
like any from the above list ... can rely on domain names not having been
hijacked) ... then it eliminates that as a business case & justification for SSL
There are a lot of short-comings of the existing SSL certificate infrastructure.
To a large extent, most PKI definitions are purely hypothetical (there is the
line someplace, in theory there is no difference between theory and practice,
but in practice there is) ... trivial example is that most PKI definitions
include things like CRLs for dealing with revoked or compromised
certificates/private keys ... and yet the SSL infrastructure doesn't have any of
that in it (even tho client checking of server SSL domain certificates accounts
for 99.999999% of all such PKI operations that occur in the world today).
Ben Laurie  on 11/19/2000 05:03:20 AM
This is not a comment on the crapness of PKI, it is a comment on the
crapness of Verisign. The two are far from synonymous.
Don't get me wrong - I don't think PKI is a perfect solution by any
means - however, it gets us nowhere to attribute the faults of others to
"There is no limit to what a man can do or how far he can go if he
doesn't mind who gets the credit." - Robert Woodruff

@_date: 2000-11-22 09:58:26
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
the other scenerio that some certification agencies have expressed (i.e.
licensing bureaus, bbb, consumer report, etc operations) is that in the online
world ... that they would provide an online service .... rather than
certificates designed for an offline world. the online website provides a
superior experience, real-time information, and a better binding between the
certification agencies and the relying parties (i.e. current use of certificates
totally disintermediate the certification authorities and the relying parties
.... except in the scenerio where the certification authority and the relying
party are the same ... in which case the certificates are redundant and
in the shopping experience trust establishment ... trust can be established in a
variety of ways, brand, advertisement, word-of-mouth, previous experience, etc.
certification trust is just one of the many ways of establishing various kinds
of trust. however, any certification trust in the online environment could be
better provided by online certification delivery vehicle ... rather than an
offline (certificate) vehicle (which disintermediates the certification agency
and the relying party).
"Arnold G. Reinhold"  on 11/22/2000 08:00:34 AM
Please respond to "Arnold G. Reinhold"

@_date: 2000-11-23 11:17:10
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Basically cetificates are an implementation of R/O partial replicated
distributed data that were intended to address availability of information in a
predominately offline environment.
In the SSL server certificates, distribution of CRLs tend to create a problem
for consumers because they aren't likely to want to see 99.99999999999999999999%
of the CRLs distributed and/or they aren't online at the time the CRLs are
distributed (and/or if done via email would create a horrible spam issue ...
every possible consumer in the world receiving email CRLs from every possile SSL
server certificate issuing CA).
The other solution is to go online and do real-time checks ... but doing
real-time checks invalidates basic design decision trade-offs associated with
choosing a R/O partial replicated distributed data implementation in the first
A number of other efforts have looked at the trade-offs associated with large
distributed data implementations and have made various different implementation
decisions based on different criteria & requirements. Some  of the partially
replicated data implementations have gone to the trouble  if 1) truely offline,
R/O replicated data that has low change frequency, and possible adverse effects
of dealing with stale data is non-existent or 2) support R/W partial replicated
distributed data with various dictionary implemenations keeping track of the
"current" R/W owner.
However, in the case of both having R/O replicated distributed data and also
requiring online access ... creates a situation where the R/O replicated
distributed data implementation is redundant and superfulous (except in some
scenerios where the packet of R/O replicated distributed data is significantly
larger than the transaction to check on its staleness ... aka multi-megabyte
documents might be an example).
It isn't that you can't have perfect R/O replicated distributed data
implementation if there is also concurrent real-time access to the original data
... but that usually invalidates the design decisions trade-offs that justified
having a R/O replicated distributed data implemenation in the first place.
The degree of redundancy and superfulous becomes more significant as outlined in
the SSL server certificate case ... where 1) in large part SSL server
certificates are justified to address integrity weaknesses in the domain name
infrastructure, 2) SSL server certificate issuing agencies are dependent on the
domain name infrastructure as the authoritative source associated with proofing
information for issuing an SSL server certificate, 3) correcting integrity
weaknesses in the domain name infrastructure (needed by the SSL server
certrificate issuing agencies) by registering public keys with domains names, 4)
said registered public keys can both a) eliminate integrity weaknesses
justifying SSL server certificates and b) be distributed as part of domain name
server real time request to the client ... which then can be used in a much more
efficient SSL protocol implemenation.
A possibly better phrase is that in a large number of cases revokation isn't
practical w/o real-time access to the original data ... but real-time access to
the original data obsoletes the need for revokation (by obsoleting the necessity
for R/O partial data replication which might require revokation).
The issue in many scenerios  isn't that revokation can't work ... it can work if
you have real time access to the original data  ... which obsoletes the
requirement for R/O partial data replication which in turn obsoletes the
requirement for revoking R/O partial data replication. The ideal solution for
revokation is somehting of a catch-22 ... the ideal solution for revokation also
removes the requirement for revokation (somewhat analogous to the catch-22 for
solving the problem that SSL server certificate issuing agencies have with
domain name server infrastructure integrity issues ... the solution is also the
seed for obsoleting the need for issuing SSL server certificates).
Mark Scherling  on 11/23/2000 09:24:51 AM

@_date: 2000-11-23 17:48:21
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
the other way to look at it ... is why design something that is broken (i.e.
offline certificates in an online world) and then turn around it have to patch
it up (with various online CRLs) ... unless you are really interested in
featuring how broken something is.
there use to be a company that sold a lot of copying machines in the '80s ...
the product was one of the worst in the industry with regard to paper jamming.
they came out with a television ad campaign highlighting how easy it was to fix
paper jams in their product (compred to other products ...  which of course you
hardly ever had to worry about fixing paper jams).
misc. refs:
select terms in the above and then select SPKI ... rfc2692 & rfc2693
in many cases ...  the use of (offline paradigm) certificaets are superfulous
and redundant in an online environment ... much simpler to just register a
public key with the relying party or if you prefer .... appended certificates,
compressed to zero bytes ... significantly reducing the problem of revoking
information carried in the zero byte certificate.
in general
random. other
Paul Crowley  on 11/23/2000 03:15:52 PM

@_date: 2000-11-25 07:54:35
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1402 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2000-11-27 10:58:23
@_author: Lynn.Wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
problem is that consumer don't normally  know that they want to check on a
particular merchant's CRL entry until they realize that they want to go to that
merchant site. in general, the consumer's aren't going to want  keep a local
(usenet) database of all CRL entries (however they are distributed) ... so it is
more likely the ISP would have to keep all the entries ... pushed into a
database ... and let the consumer do an online database lookup of the CRL
entries (effectively the local ISP is keeping cached copy of all entries ... and
uses usenet as the distribution infrastructure).
sometimes, usenet can take several hrs to a day to propogate ... so the person
may still want to do an online transaction against the agency that issued a
In which case, the local ISP would be considered a "stand-in" ... maintaining a
negative file ... and returning positive answers if there isn't a match in the
negative file for the online transaction ... in which case the consumer may
still want to do another online transactions against the master file (located
somewhere in the internet).
Given that online transactions are being performed ... then it may even be more
straightforward to use domain name infrastructure to manage distribution and
management of cached entries. It has a somewhat better online transaction
semantics than usenet (already). However, since this is turning into  online
transaction infrastructure  ... it is then possible to eliminate both the
certificates and CRLs totally and just use the straight-foward domain name
back again to certificates typically being superfulous and redundant in an
online infrastructure.
"Arnold G. Reinhold"  on 11/27/2000 07:53:35 AM
Please respond to "Arnold G. Reinhold"

@_date: 2002-08-05 23:47:33
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
a lot financial institutions went to certificates/credentials that only
contained an account number .... nothing else ... largely because of the
huge privacy exposure of any kind of identify certificate (everything about
you embedded in a certificate that is attached ... frequently totally in
the clear ... or at least at the end-points on every transaction ....
including intermediary points like merchants).
It was then possible to show (at least in the financial transaction &
relying-party-only certificates) that such certificates could easily be
compressed to zero bytes.
in the online financial transaction case, the merchant is interested in the
bank saying that the merchant gets the money ..... your identity isn't
necessary for that ... and in fact, the EU directive of making
point-of-sale transactions as anonymous as cash would also lead in that
direction. First step is removing you name from the piece of plastic, then
if the "plastic" credential doesn't have any identity .... why should there
be a certificate at all.
remail at aarg.net on 8/5/2002 6:25 pm wrote
Sure, but how many pages would it take in the spec to describe the
protocol?  Especially given their turgid technical-writer prose?
Brands took a whole book to describe his credentials thoroughly.
In any case, I agree that something like this would be an excellent
enhancement to the technology.  IMO it is very much in the spirit of TCPA.
I suspect they would be very open to this suggestion.

@_date: 2002-08-07 14:33:23
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
it is relative common  for authentication hardware tokens with asymmetric
crypto to never divulge the private key .... there is big issue then
whether 1) the key pair is actually generated on the chip (and never
divulged) or 2) the keys are generated externally and injected into the
chip (with special compensating procedures that the chip never leaks the
private key ... and there is no record kept by the generation/injection
specifications for asymmetric cryptography for data encryption may include
key escrow of the private key (allowing business continuity for data that
has been encrypted with the public key).
lucky green  If I buy a lock I expect that by demonstrating ownership I
It appears the days when this was true are waning. At least in the PC
platform domain.

@_date: 2002-08-10 23:40:00
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
oops, finger slip that should be
 security proportional to risk
aka 2001h.html not 2002h.html ....
small discussion of security proportional to risk:
 security proportional to risk

@_date: 2002-08-13 11:43:31
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
actually it is possible to build chips that generate keys as part of
manufactoring power-on/test (while still in the wafer, and the private key
never, ever exists outside of the chip)  ... and be at effectively the same
trust level as any other part of the chip (i.e. hard instruction ROM).
using such a key pair than can uniquely authenticate a chip ....
effectively becomes as much a part of the chip as the ROM or the chip
serial number, etc. The public/private key pair .... if appropriately
protected (with evaluated, certified and audited process) then can be
considered somewhat more trusted than a straight serial number aka a
straight serial number can be skimmed and replayed ... where a digital
signature on unique data is harder to replay/spoof.  the hips come with
unique public/private key where the private key is never known.
sometimes this is a difficult consept ... the idea of a public/private key
pair as a form of a "difficult to spoof" chip serial  .... when all uses of
public/private key, asymmetric cryptograhy might have always been portrayed
as equilanet to x.509 identity certificates (it is possible to show in
large percentage of the systems that public/private key digital signatures
are sufficient for authentication and any possible certificates are both
redundant and superfulous).
misc. ref (aads chip strawman):
This makes a lot of sense, especially for "closed" systems like business
LANs and WANs where there is a reasonable centralized authority who can
validate the security of the SCP keys.  I suggested some time back that
since most large businesses receive and configure their computers in the IT
department before making them available to employees, that would be a time
that they could issue private certs on the embedded SCP keys. The
employees' computers could then be configured to use these private certs
for their business computing.
However the larger vision of trusted computing leverages the global
internet and turns it into what is potentially a giant distributed
computer.  For this to work, for total strangers on the net to have trust
in the integrity of applications on each others' machines, will require
some kind of centralized trust infrastructure.  It may possibly be
multi-rooted but you will probably not be able to get away from this
The main problem, it seems to me, is that validating the integrity of the
SCP keys cannot be done remotely.  You really need physical access to the
SCP to be able to know what key is inside it.  And even that is not enough,
if it is possible that the private key may also exist outside, perhaps
because the SCP was initialized by loading an externally generated
public/private key pair.  You not only need physical access, you have to be
there when the SCP is initialized.
In practice it seems that only the SCP manufacturer, or at best the OEM who
(re) initializes the SCP before installing it on the motherboard, will be
in a position to issue certificates.  No other central authorities will
have physical access to the chips on a near-universal scale at the time of
their creation and installation, which is necessary to allow them to issue
meaningful certs.  At least with the PGP "web of trust" people could in
principle validate their keys over the phone, and even then most PGP users
never got anyone to sign their keys.  An effective web of trust seems much
more difficult to achieve with Palladium, except possibly in small groups
that already trust each other anyway.
If we do end up with only a few trusted root keys, most internet-scale
trusted computing software is going to have those roots built in. Those
keys will be extremely valuable, potentially even more so than Verisign's
root keys, because trusted computing is actually a far more powerful
technology than the trivial things done today with PKI.  I hope the
Palladium designers give serious thought to the issue of how those trusted
root keys can be protected appropriately.  It's not going to be enough to
say "it's not our problem".  For trusted computing to reach its potential,
security has to be engineered into the system from the beginning - and that
security must start at the root!

@_date: 2002-08-15 20:49:01
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: TCPA not virtualizable during ownership change (Re: 
I arrived at that decision over four years ago ... TCPA possibly didn't
decide on it until two years ago. In the assurance session in the TCPA
track at spring 2001 intel developer's conference I claimed my chip was
much more KISS, more secure, and could reasonably meet the TCPA
requirements at the time w/o additional modifications. One of the TCPA guys
in the audience grossed that I didn't have to contend with the committees
of hundreds helping me with my design.
There are actually significant similarities between my chip and the TPM
I'm doing key gen at very first, initial power-on/test of wafer off the
line (somewhere in dim past it was drilled into me that everytime something
has to be handled it increases the cost).
Also, because of extreme effort at KISS, the standard PP evaluation stuff
gets much simpler and easier because most (possibly 90 percent) of the
stuff is N/A or doesn't exist
early ref:
or refs at (under subject aads chip strawman):
brand & other misc. stuff:
random evauation refs:
 anybody seen (EAL5) semi-formal
specification for FIPS186-2/x9.62 ecdsa?
 formal fips186-2/x9.62 definition
for eal 5/6 evaluation
I think a number of the apparent conflicts go away if you carefully
track endorsement key pair vs endorsement certificate (signature on
endorsement key by hw manufacturer).  For example where it is said
that the endorsement _certificate_ could be inserted after ownership
has been established (not the endorsement key), so that apparent
conflict goes away.  (I originally thought this particular one was a
conflict also, until I noticed that.)  I see anonymous found the same
But anyway this extract from the CC PP makes clear the intention and
an ST based on this PP is what a given TPM will be evaluated based on:
p 20:
(if only they could have managed to say that in the spec).

@_date: 2002-07-12 09:16:01
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: IP: SSL Certificate "Monopoly" Bears Financial Fruit 
and just to make sure there is a common understanding regarding SSL cert
operation ... the browser code
1) checks that the SSL server cert can be validated by ANY public key that
is in the browser preloaded list (I haven't verified whether they totally
ignore all of the "cert" part of these preloaded public keys ... things
like expiration date ... that these preloaded public keys are in the
preloaded list appears to be sufficient ... details like the preloaded
public keys happened to be wrappered in these certificate containers is
almost extraneous).
2) validates the signature on the SSL server cert with the corresponding
public key
3) checks if the website domain/host name is the same (or in some cases
similar) to the domain/host name specificed in the SSL server cert. I have
noticed that browsers tend to pretty much ignore the contents of these SSL
server certificates ... things like expiration date ... except the public
key, the domain/host name, and the signature (and the signature only has
real meaning within the context of
the infrastructure associated with the public key in the preloaded list
with the lowest trust/integrity level;
this is analogous to security weakest link ... a bank vault with a 4ft
think vault door doesn't do much good
if the vault has no walls).
4) uses the public key in the SSL server cert to validate communication
with the server.
all of this happens automagically from most users' standpoint (probably
less than one percent of the population even knows that there is such a
thing as a preload list).
Both Netscape 6 and MSIE 5 contain ~100 built-in, automatically-trusted CA
 * Certs with 512-bit keys.
 * Certs with 40-year lifetimes.
 * Certs from organisations you've never heard of before ("Honest Joe's
   Cars and Certificates").
 * Certs from CAs with unmaintained/moribund websites ("404.notfound.com").
These certs are what controls access to your machine (ActiveX, Java,
on-demand, etc etc).
  * It takes 600-700 mouse clicks to disable these certs to leave only CAs
    really trust.
(The above information was taken from "A rant about SSL, oder: die grosse
 Sicherheitsillusion" by Matthias Bruestle, presented at the KNF-Kongress
 2002).
How many more do you need?

@_date: 2002-07-12 09:16:01
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: IP: SSL Certificate "Monopoly" Bears Financial Fruit 
and just to make sure there is a common understanding regarding SSL cert
operation ... the browser code
1) checks that the SSL server cert can be validated by ANY public key that
is in the browser preloaded list (I haven't verified whether they totally
ignore all of the "cert" part of these preloaded public keys ... things
like expiration date ... that these preloaded public keys are in the
preloaded list appears to be sufficient ... details like the preloaded
public keys happened to be wrappered in these certificate containers is
almost extraneous).
2) validates the signature on the SSL server cert with the corresponding
public key
3) checks if the website domain/host name is the same (or in some cases
similar) to the domain/host name specificed in the SSL server cert. I have
noticed that browsers tend to pretty much ignore the contents of these SSL
server certificates ... things like expiration date ... except the public
key, the domain/host name, and the signature (and the signature only has
real meaning within the context of
the infrastructure associated with the public key in the preloaded list
with the lowest trust/integrity level;
this is analogous to security weakest link ... a bank vault with a 4ft
think vault door doesn't do much good
if the vault has no walls).
4) uses the public key in the SSL server cert to validate communication
with the server.
all of this happens automagically from most users' standpoint (probably
less than one percent of the population even knows that there is such a
thing as a preload list).
Both Netscape 6 and MSIE 5 contain ~100 built-in, automatically-trusted CA
 * Certs with 512-bit keys.
 * Certs with 40-year lifetimes.
 * Certs from organisations you've never heard of before ("Honest Joe's
   Cars and Certificates").
 * Certs from CAs with unmaintained/moribund websites ("404.notfound.com").
These certs are what controls access to your machine (ActiveX, Java,
on-demand, etc etc).
  * It takes 600-700 mouse clicks to disable these certs to leave only CAs
    really trust.
(The above information was taken from "A rant about SSL, oder: die grosse
 Sicherheitsillusion" by Matthias Bruestle, presented at the KNF-Kongress
 2002).
How many more do you need?

@_date: 2002-06-09 20:58:32
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: PKI: Only Mostly Dead 
I think there is even less "I" than most people suspect. I've recently
taken to some manual sampling of  SSL domain name server certificates ...
and finding certificates that have expired ... but being accepted by
several browsers that i've tested with (no complaints or fault
there was thread in another forum where I observed that back when
originally working on this payment/ecommerce thing for this small
client/server startup that had invented these things called SSL & HTTPS ...
my wife and I had to go around to various certificate manufactures with
regard to some due diligence activity. I think w/o exception that they all
made some comment about the "PK" being technical ... and the "I" being
service ... and providing "service" is an extremely hard thing to do (and
they hadn't anticipated how really hard it is).
some past ssl domain name certificate threads:
As i've observed previously there are a number of ways that the technical
stuff for "PK" can be done w/o it having to equate to (capital) PKI ...
some recent threads on this subject:
 some certification &
authentication landscape summary from recent threads
 some certification &
authentication landscape summary from recent threads
 some certification &
authentication landscape summary from recent threads
 some certification &
authentication landscape summary from recent threads
 IBM alternative to PKI?
 IBM alternative to PKI?
 IBM alternative to PKI?
 IBM alternative to PKI?
 IBM alternative to PKI?
 Proxy PKI. Was: IBM alternative
to PKI?
 Proxy PKI. Was: IBM alternative
to PKI?
 Proxy PKI. Was: IBM alternative
to PKI?
 Proxy PKI
 Proxy PKI
 Proposal: A replacement for 3D
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI .. addenda
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI .. addenda II
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI ... part II
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI .. addenda
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI ... part II
 ALARMED ... Only Mostly Dead ...
RIP PKI ... part III
Thankyou Nobody.  You should have found the e-gold in your acount by now :
WHICH IS
  "Opinion is divided on the subject" -- Captain Rum, Blackadder, "Potato".
The use with SSL is what Anne|Lynn Wheeler refer to as "certificate
manufacturing" (marvellous term).  You send the CA (and lets face it,
going to be Verisign) your name and credit card number, and get back a
It's just an expensive way of doing authenticated DNS lookups with a ttl of
year.  Plenty of PK, precious little I.
You can play with semantics here and claim the exact opposite.  All of the
cases you've cited are actually examples of global distinguisher + locally
unique name.  For example the value 1234567890 taken in isolation could be
anything from my ICQ number to my shoe size in kilo-angstroms, but if you
it as the pair { ,  } then it makes
(disclaimer: I have no idea whether that's either a valid ICQ number or my
size in kilo-angstroms).
(This is very much a philosophical issue.  Someone on ietf-pkix a year or
 back tried to claim that X.500 DNs must be a Good Thing because RFC 822
 address and DNS names and whatnot are hierarchical like DNs and therefore
 can't be bad.  I would suspect that most people view them as just dumb
 strings rather than a hierarchically structured set of attributes like a
 The debate sort of fizzled out when no-one could agree on a particular
I think the unified view is that what you need for a cert is a global
distinguisher and a locally meaningful name, rather than some complex
hierarchical thing which tries to be universally meaningful.  Frequently
distinguisher is implied (eg with DNS names, email addresses, "for use
XYZ Copy only", etc), and the definition of "local" really means "local to
domain specified in the global distinguisher".  I'm not sure whether I can
easily fit all that into the paper without getting too philosophical - it
really meant as a guide for users of PKI technology.

@_date: 2002-06-30 13:49:32
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA) 
"security modules" are also inside the swipe & pin-entry boxes that you see
at check-out counters.
effectively both smartcards and dongles are forms of hardware tokens ....
the issue would be whether a smartcard form factor might be utilized in a
copy protection scheme similar to TCPA paradigm .... a single hardware chip
that you register for all you applications .... or in the dongle paradigm
.... you get a different smartcard for each application (with the downside
of the floppy copy protection scenario where a user with a half dozen
active copy protected applications all wanted "their" smartcard crammed
into the same smartcard reader simultaneously).
many of the current chipcards .... i believe are used in the magnetic
stripe "swipe" mode for authenticating specific transactions ....  most of
the rest are used for password substitute at login type events. Many of the
chipcards following the straight payment card model result in end-user
having large number of different institutional tokens (similar to the
floppy copy protect paradigm).  Following the institutional-specific and/or
application-specific token paradigm starts to become difficult to manage as
the number of tokens increase and the probability that multiple are
required simultaneously increases.
That eventually leads into some sort of person-centric or device-centric
paradigm .... not so much an issue of the form factor  (floppy, chipcard,
dongle, etc) .... but an issue of whether there are potentially large
numbers of institutional/application specific objects or small numbers of
person/device specific objects.
So a simple issue is the trade-off between the institutional/application
specific objects .... which seem to have some amount of acceptance (payment
cards, chip cards, various "dongle" forms, etc) but in many instances can
scale poorly ... especially if  multiple different such objects have to be
available concurrently .... vis-a-vis switching to a person/device specific
object paradigm (chipcard, dongles, etc, potentially exactly same
formfactor but different paradigm)
I think dongles (and non-copyable floppies) have been around since the
80s at least...maybe the 70s.  Tamper-resistant CPU modules have been
since the ATM network, I believe, in the form of PIN processors stored
inside safes)
The fundamental difference between a "dongle" and a full "trusted module"
containing the critical application code is that with a dongle, you can
just patch the application to skip over the checks (although they can be
repeated, and relatively arcane).
If the whole application, or at least the non-cloneable parts of the
application, exist in a sealed module, the rest of the application can't
be patched to just skip over this code.
Another option for this is a client server or oracle model where the really
sensitive pieces (say, a magic algorithm for finding oil from GIS data,
or a good natural language processor) are stored on vendor-controlled
hardware centrally located, with only the UI executing on the end user's
What I'd really like is a design which accomplishes the "good" parts of
ensuring that when code claims to be executing in a certain form, it really
and providing a way to guarantee this remotely -- without making it easy
to implement restrictions on content copying.  It would be nice to have the
good parts of TCPA, and given the resistance to DRM, if security and TCPA
have their fates bound, they'll probably both die an extended and painful
I suppose the real difference between a crypto-specific module and a
purpose module is how much of the UI is within the trusted platform
If the module is only used for handling cryptographic keys, as an addition
an insecure general purpose CPU, with no user I/O, it seems unlikely to be
useful for DRM.  If the entire machine is inside the envelope, it seems
obviously useful for DRM, and DRM would likely be the dominant application.
If only a limited user IO is included in the envelope, sufficient for
user authentication and keying, and to allow the user to load
initially-trusted code onto the general purpose CPU, but where the user
can fully use whatever general purpose code on the general purpose CPU,
even uncertified code, with the certified module, it's not really useful
for DRM, but still useful for the non-DRM security applications which are
the alleged purpose behind TCPA.
(given that text piracy doesn't seem to be a serious commercial concern,
simply keeping video and audio playback and network communications outside
the TCPA envelope entirely is good enough, in practice...this way, both
authentication and keying can be done in text mode, and document
distribution control, privacy of records, etc. can be accomplished,
there is ALSO the ability to do arbitrary text processing and computing
outside the trusted envelope, .)
If it's the user's own data being protected, you don't need to worry about
the user intentionally circumventing the protections.  Any design which
removes control from the 'superuser' of the machine is fundamentally about
protecting someone other than the user.
This, I think, is the difference between TCPA and smartcards.  Notice
which one has in its short lifetime attracted far more enmity :)
Quoting lynn.wheeler at firstdata.com :
Ryan Lackey [RL7618 RL5931-RIPE]        ryan at havenco.com
CTO and Co-founder, HavenCo Ltd.        +44 7970 633 277
the free world just milliseconds away   OpenPGP 4096: B8B8 3D95 F940 9760 C64B  DE90 07AD BE07 D2E0 301F

@_date: 2004-04-18 11:07:23
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Payment system and security conference 
reminder from this month's enhyper newsletter, 2004 payment system and
security conference
also mention financial cryptography blog ... by some of the same people
they also have short blurb on:
enhyper also discovered norm hardy and some of his papers: ... the digital
silk road
norm's past include LLNL, 360s, vm/370, secure operating systems and secure
and secure operating systems at tymshare with gnosis and keykos:
.... and there is EROS -- extremely reliable operation system (outgrowth of
... note above mentions looking at getting an EAL7+ evaluation for eros.
when MD bought tymshare they were looking at spinning off a number of
things. i was brought in to do a technical audit of gnosis as part of its
spin-off as keykos. they were also spinning off Doug Engelbart who was
working at Tymshare at the time ... tymshare was running doug's "augment"
system on pdp10 ...
and total topic drift, i've got lots of references to vm/370:
Internet trivia, 20th anv: --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-05-19 21:26:31
@_author: lynn.wheeler@firstdata.com 
@_subject: Yahoo releases internet standard draft for using DNS as public key 
yahoo draft internet standard for using DNS as a public key server
misc past news refs:
a few past threads on using DNS as a public key server
 Public Key Infrastructure:
An Artifact...
 Merchant Comfort
 Merchant Comfort
 GAO: Government faces
obstacles in PKI security adoption
 Software for PKI
 Software for PKI
 Software for PKI
 Software for PKI
 DNSSEC (RE: Software for
 DNSSEC (RE: Software for
 CFP: PKI research workshop
 SSL, client certs, and MITM (was
 some certification &
authentication landscape summary from recent threads
 SSL certs & baby steps
 SSL certs & baby steps (addenda)
 Who's afraid of Mallory Wolf?
 Why trust root CAs ?
 Server authentication
 Server authentication
 solicit advice on purchase of
digital certificate
 solicit advice on purchase of
digital certificate
 Can I create my own SSL key?
 Can I create my own SSL key?
 Can I create my own SSL key?
 Root certificates
 Root certificates
 PKI/Digital signature doesn't work
 CA Certificate Built Into Browser
Confuse Me
 Certificate Authentication Issues
in IE and Verisign
 PKI and Relying Parties
 SSL certificate modification
 SSL certificate modification
 Cirtificate Authorities 'CAs',
how curruptable are they to
 Cirtificate Authorities 'CAs',
how curruptable are they to
 Proposal for a new PKI model (At
least I hope it's new)
 Proposal for a new PKI model (At
least I hope it's new)
 Proposal for a new PKI model (At
least I hope it's new)
 Proposal for a new PKI model (At
least I hope it's new)
 Proposal for a new PKI model (At
least I hope it's new)
Internet trivia, 20th anv: --- end forwarded text
