
@_date: 2011-02-22 14:25:47
@_author: m0lt1 
@_subject: Feasibility of Using TOR or VPNs For Anonymity 
Hash: SHA1
I've been told TOR and VPNs are heralded for their anonymizing
properties however the skeptic in me says that there are some serious
failing points.
It goes without saying that recipients of this list knows their stuff
about prying eyes and third parties surveilling activities of
"activists" or people of interest.
So, how does one engage in electronic communication whilst maintaining
anonymity from governments, business, and rambunctious infosec techies?
I've also been told that TOR exit nodes are often run by governments to
filter and collect outgoing data that can use to build a profile on a
person. How dangerous is this problem? Wouldn't the SSL'd connections
between TOR nodes mitigate the issue?
My present strategy is to employ the use of a VPN that retains IP
address logs for 24 hours before wiping for all communications. The VPN
is located outside the US, and is apparently regarded as "safe" by a few
paranoid individuals. I know there are a few pitfalls there, how dire
are they?
In short, I need to be able to disassociate my real identity with this
pseudonym effectively enough to "hide" from governments and third
parties... At least in terms of originating IP addresses to public
services like email.

@_date: 2011-02-22 17:17:16
@_author: m0lt1 
@_subject: Feasibility of Using TOR or VPNs For Anonymity 
Hash: SHA1
In reply to John:
So you say all hope is lost, then? That Nineteen Eighty-Four has come
upon us? Don't tell me you give up a white flag so easily. If a system
has been build, it can be broken.
Then lets look to mitigation and obfuscation. What is the lesser of two
evils? I have been suspicious of TOR long enough to stop using it. But
the technology of VPNs don't seem to be the failing point, it's its
What of compromised servers? Installing a network of VPNs or a darknet
on a host of unsuspecting machines, thus leaving them exposed to the
world whilst I comfortably stay obfuscated? Perhaps a more blackhat
approach is the way to go.
I'm only briefly aware of HBGary and others, but from what I've heard
that is the exact reason why I'd prefer to operate under a pseudonym and
not my real identity.
Perhaps some faith should be placed in the design of the P2P DNS
infrastructure? One that could, hopefully, provide a safer haven that
traditional DNS and Internet structure.

@_date: 2011-03-02 23:06:06
@_author: m0lt1 
@_subject: travelers, careful when security inspects your hardware 
Hash: SHA1
As a matter of interest, anyone know how detailed their particular (or
others) country goes into inspecting hardware?
I've never encountered personnel who did more than a physical swab on
the case for residues.
