
@_date: 2010-12-22 21:56:35
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Whistle-blower site platform design 
Hi Len,
Maybe one question we should consider is whether a leaks clearinghouse
needs to look like a website at all. From the little I've read about
OpenLeaks - and if anyone knows better, please correct me - it sounds
like they're not planning to publish documents, as WikiLeaks does;
rather, they're planning to build some kind of infrastructure for
whistleblowers to communicate anonymously with journalists, to negotiate
time-limited exclusive access to documents in return for help with
preparing and publishing them.
If we consider that kind of model rather than robust hosting, I guess
the issues would include:
* How do whistleblowers and journalists securely obtain the client software?
* What kind of architecture does the anonymising network have? Can it be
monitored end-to-end? Can it be DoSed?
* Who contributes resources to the network? Do they need to be
trustworthy, or can it be an open system?
* Can attackers fill the system with fake whistleblowers to make it
annoying for journalists to use?
* Can attackers fill the system with fake journalists to make it
annoying/dangerous for whistleblowers to use?
* What's the legal status of such a system? Can it enjoy the protections
given to journalists if it's seen as "just a tool"?
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2011-12-20 09:28:38
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [liberationtech] MIT Software Allows Queries On Encrypted 
Fascinating stuff. If we think of this as analogous to PGP, ie it
encrypts the data but doesn't conceal who's sending or receiving it,
then could the DBA perform something analogous to traffic analysis?
For example, if the database stores a social networking site, Alice will
look up database rows corresponding to her friends, and Bob will look up
rows corresponding to his friends. If there's a row they both look up,
the DBA can infer that they have a mutual friend.
So would it be possible to imagine a system analogous to Tor that would
conceal who was performing the queries, as well as the content of the
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-03-09 08:11:50
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Nash equilibrium on p2p networks 
If you consider a cluster of Sybils, the creator of the Sybils is free
to create any structure of IOUs within the cluster, and any structure of
IOUs from Sybils to non-Sybils. But IOUs from non-Sybils to Sybils can
only be created by non-Sybils, and that only happens when the Sybils
provide a service.
No matter how many Sybils a person creates, the total debt owed to them
by non-Sybils is limited by the total amount of service they provide. So
there's no advantage in creating Sybils. It's not impossible - it's just
I think that's how it works, anyway - it's been a while since I read the
paper and I could be confusing it with the Sybilproof reputation
mechanisms paper Matteo mentioned.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2012-03-23 16:41:57
@_author: Michael Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Distributed filesystem choices (aka: none yet?) 
Hi James,
This is an intriguing idea, but I don't understand how cancelling out
cycles of IOUs (which sounds very much like PledgeRoute, is that right?)
can be combined with Chaumian mixing of IOUs.
Let's say for the sake of argument that we've solved the problem of
finding a trustworthy party to perform the mixing.
Before mixing, Alice has an IOU from Bob. Alice has interacted with Bob
before and established a credit limit for him, so she knows how much an
IOU from him is worth. Alice puts her IOU into the mix and gets out
someone else's IOU. Now she has an IOU from someone she's never
interacted with. How does Alice know the IOU is worth anything?
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
