
@_date: 2000-12-16 12:26:45
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list(usenet) 
Regarding anonymous Usenet reading (vs. posting), what kind of logging do most nntpd's perform ?
I've never had the opportunity to setup nntp daemon softwarez so I have nada idea as to the level of default logging that they perform by default, or how they can be tweaked further.
Is it possible to log HEAD and BODY requests for individual articles in
individual newsgroups along with a userid on the clients end ?  Worse, can the ip address of the
client newsreader software be logged
along with its individual nntp commands ?
What I'm thinking about is that there might be a massive potential for piercing a users anonymity through the examination of such logs, but
I don't know what kind of logging the major news server packages perform
by default I don't know how much of a threat this type of scenario would be.
Any news gurus out there ?
Forgive me for the amateurish sound of this message, I think that these
issues are sort of germane the larger set of anonymity issues associated with usenet.

@_date: 2000-11-03 10:27:18
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Tim May's anti-semitic rants 
While I'm not going to go out on a limb to defend any of Tim's
statements, I will say that calling him an anti semite is bullshit. There is a mentality that equates any criticism of Israel or the
Israelis with anti semiticism.  This is an ugly vile and manipulative
way of dealing with one's political enemies.  If I criticize Britain or
the British government have I criticized its people ? OF course not.
Fucking A, what the hell is running loose in people's minds.  Israel is
no more immune from criticism than Iraq, India, or any of the other tin
pot nations in the Third World, or in the First world for that matter. There is nothing sacred about Israel to a goy so we goys reserve the
right to criticize it.  If I criticize the Saudis am I anti Islamic ? Or anti Semitic, for that matter, considering that Arabs are at least
just as much Semitic as Polish immigrants...
Tim has a right to say whatsofucking ever he wishes to sya, and he
exercises this right frequently.  In doing so he alienates Blacks, Jews,
Arabs, and little (or big for that matter) Chinese.  Such is Tim's
*right*. if a particular statement of his stings then its probably
because it has some freeeking truth behind it...
To repeat again, there is nothing fucking anti Semitic about this
statement, Eretz Israel is the same thing as lebensraum, and if you are
incapable of seeing this then feel free to shove the previous statement
up your ass.
 "I do believe that where there is a choice only between cowardice
and        violence, I would advise violence" - Mahatma Gandhi

@_date: 2000-09-06 16:06:18
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: CDR: Re: 128-bit netscaoe v4 for bellsouth.net 
Yep son, download from home.netscape.com
 "It is the responsibility of intellectuals to speak the truth and to  expose lies."  -Noam Chomsky

@_date: 2000-09-06 16:24:56
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Religious and Psychological Warfare Tactics in Phoenix, AZ 
Ever notice how the scientific explanations in articles like these are
*so* vague that it is really impossible to verify anything ?
Nanotechnology supercomputers ?  Can I parse this ? What is a
nanotechnology supercomputer ?
If conspiracy theorists had a background in the physical sciences it
would make their writings easier to understand...
to just take the author's words for it ?
When the trivial write on matters of import the results tend to be ugly.
If there is any truth in mind control speculations then these guys are
doing a double disservice ! Telling the truth in a form that is
completely unacceptable to anyone with a background in the sciences.
Which frequencies ?  The article just mentions: "Cellular phone
microwave radar and radio frequencies"  dear God, what a huge chunck of
the spectrum, no ?  A few Billion Hertz...
that satellite will be a likely medium ?
placed source, a trusted informant ?
Can anyone brief us on the current state of nanotechnology research ?
fact, informed and properly informed.
My concern is with backing up of wild claims, if someone gives me
evidence for a claim then I will seriously consider it, no matter how
wild it appears on the surface, but without even this where does one
start ?
THIS is what concerns me, people are making serious claims and not
giving jack to back it up with.  If their purpose is disinfo then they
are working, if their purpose is to actually help in a real situation
then they are shooting THEMSELVES in the foot.

@_date: 2000-09-06 17:12:54
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: CDR: Re: (no subject) 
with an Audio Demod and some other stuff, you can't monitor it :-)
If its a straight non spread spectrum non digital signal then yes you
can, just search the allocated frequencies.
band recievers should help you.
Look up "Fox Hunting" and talk to some local hams, they should be able
to help you out.
come up with sensical questions friend.

@_date: 2001-04-19 13:00:53
@_author: madmullah@crosswinds.net 
@_subject: No subject 
Ray you bring up a very interesting point.  Does anyone know of a source for
public domain, or open source, writing analysis software that will do just that
?  Perhaps using such wares for testing purposes one can craft
software to make subtle grammar or spelling or usage alterations in text based communications in order to defeat this sort of analysis.
E.G. you've got a remailer or portal of some kind that accepts plain text input,
and according to a set of rules makes shifts, sentence length, punctuation usage, spelling
usage, and so on, to alter the distinctive signatures associated with the writing patterns
of the person in question.  THEN afterwards this is piped into an encryption
module or just transmitted piecemeal at random timings in order to defeat traffic

@_date: 2001-04-19 13:51:42
@_author: madmullah@crosswinds.net 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven 
Ray you bring up a very interesting point.  Does anyone know of a source for
public domain, or open source, writing analysis software that will do just that
?  Perhaps using such wares for testing purposes one can craft
software to make subtle grammar or spelling or usage alterations in text based communications in order to defeat this sort of analysis.
E.G. you've got a remailer or portal of some kind that accepts plain text input,
and according to a set of rules makes shifts, sentence length, punctuation usage, spelling
usage, and so on, to alter the distinctive signatures associated with the writing patterns
of the person in question.  THEN afterwards this is piped into an encryption
module or just transmitted piecemeal at random timings in order to defeat traffic

@_date: 2001-02-14 11:58:22
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: Possession of stolen books - an example 
In most cases they are not destroyed, rather the usual SOP is to chuck
them in a box , and chuck the box into a dumpster.
Whereupon dumpster divers, of course, will often grab them and sell them
to used bookstores.

@_date: 2001-03-18 10:25:52
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: content owners vs. ISPs 
Microwave networking providers price vary considerably, and a number of
ISPs are reluctant to unroll this stuff due to implementation pricing.
Can anyone recommend good nice, and inexpensive packet radio LAN
technology ? I've heard that breezecom is pretty nice, what do you guys
think ?
How secure are the spread spectrum modulation schemes on these things
anyway ?

@_date: 2001-03-18 10:29:16
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: [OT] kuro5hin.org || 12 Year Old Girl Commits Suicide AfterChristian  
the Omen to my knowledge, though the main composition in the film, "Ave
Satani" sounded an awful lot like parts of the Carmina Burana :-)
bejeebers out of conservative Christian authorities.

@_date: 2001-03-18 10:31:43
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: content owners vs. ISPs 
homed, and how much of a pain is it to set up BGP ? What are the requirements
for getting an ASN number ?  Can a smaller ISP pull this off ?  This is
a serious question, I can't find a whole lot of information on this.

@_date: 2001-10-10 12:34:23
@_author: madmullah 
@_subject: please ignore this test message to the list 
Squeeking wheel gets a kick or two.
 "It is the responsibility of intellectuals to speak the truth and to  expose lies."  -Noam Chomsky
