
@_date: 2001-08-06 18:42:58
@_author: info 
@_subject: $500 per sponsor -Major freedom movement - No taxes on the Internet -Free trade cyberzones 
"I swear by my life and my love of it that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine." -- John Galt, Atlas Shrugged
High-Level Dynamics
 We are building a society through membership and from the membership dues we are buying an island in the Caribbean. This island will be a sovereign principality with a substantial hosting facility as its epicenter and core business. Charter Members are able to participate in a tremendous income opportunity and will have the option in the future to purchase virtual residences with time-share options or own actual physical homes complete with residency status.
A Mandate of Freedom
We are building a physical and virtual community on the natural resources of ones and zeros. Magna Societal has over 1000+ web fluent members who have committed to building a global free trade cyberzone in the Caribbean.  Magna Societal is an internet-centric society who's constitutional mandate is a membership based tax-free and debt free community built on the foundation of absolute freedom of unlimited enterprise and spirit. The Business of Magna Societal
The national economy will be established on a multitude of fiber optic backbones which will be opened to the world for offshore banking, corporate services, interactive TV content storage and distribution, gaming and global hosting for best of breed ASP Solutions. Magna's land plan has over 40,000 virtual residences, 4,000 single-family homes, 35 multi-use towers. Income Opportunity
All Charter Members are paid a referral fee of $500 per member referred. In addition there is a tremendous residual opportunity from renewal fees, bonuses and purchases in the future. The Tools:
Charter Members receive an international asset protection trust from an established jurisdiction ($2,000 Value), an identical website to the corporate website (with your company name under the green arc) and we provide you with a registered certificate of membership.  Join us today!
For the confidential website information please call toll free 1-866-811-5324 or 011-
Magna Societal is a registered foreign SA with a Board of Directors, financial controls and audited financials which are made available to Charter Members on an annual basis.  Magna Societal is not a network marketing company.  Please read all disclaimers, as they are made available. We comply with proposed federal legislation regarding unsolicited commercial e-mail by providing you with a method for your e-mail address to be permanently removed from our database and any future mailings from our company. To remove your address, please send a reply e-mail message with the word REMOVE in the subject line.

@_date: 2001-08-10 04:39:12
@_author: CaribbeanCash 
@_subject: Carribbean Web-Centric Society - No Taxes - No Debt - Very Cool 
"I swear by my life and my love of it that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine." -- John Galt, Atlas Shrugged
We are a group of experienced business people that are developing a debt free, tax free community on the foundation of absolute freedom and unlimited enterprise with the spirit of recognizing all God given rights.  Magna Societal has over 1000 webfluent members who have committed to building "a new society for a free world".
We believe that Global Free Trade CyberZones are the future!
We know that the India, Asia and Latin American e-commerce markets are exploding!
The Benefits of Magna:  No Debt, No Taxes, No Trade Restrictions, No Restrictions of God Given Human Rights... No Limits!
Become a founder of an internet and island based society and secure your membership today!
Magna Societal will pay you $500 per new membership that you sponsor.
Virtual and physical residences and the online community coming soon! An economy built for the future...Global Hosting, Internet Banking, Gaming, E-Commerce, Auctions, Interactive TV, ASP Technology
This is the coolest thing on the internet!!!!
Call 1-866-811-5324 or 011-507-214-8705 for Website Information
Magna Societal is a registered foreign SA with a Board of Directors, financial controls and audited financials which are made available to Charter Members on an annual basis.  Magna Societal is not a network marketing company.  Please read all disclaimers, as they are made available. We comply with proposed federal legislation regarding unsolicited commercial e-mail by providing you with a method for your e-mail address to be permanently removed from our database and any future mailings from our company. To remove your address, please send a reply e-mail message with the word REMOVE in the subject line.
