
@_date: 1998-10-05 12:04:50
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... (fwd) 
Everyone.  Ever heard of common law?
This is incorrect.
Everyone is involved, in that there is generally more than one producer,
and almost always more than one consumer.  If the general body of
consumers feel that producer X is doing something unethical, or
otherwise badly, they will not do business with that producer --either
for fear of being cheated, or simply because they feel that it would be
morally incorrect to support him.  If it happens that there is only one
producer, then the general sentiment of the consumers will create a
large demand for an alternative supply of whatever producer X produces. This generally leads to the diminishment of X's profits, which either
drives him out of business entirely, or forces him to change his ways.
This is how it works in a free market/society.  Of course, if it were a
governed society, producer X would buy up a bloc of politicians, and get
them to either pass laws prohibiting or handicaping his potential
competition, or get them to give him a big fat subsidy, which can be
used to drive competitors out of business.  The net result: everyone is
forced to buy from producer X, even though everyone knows he's slime.
Is the argument any more clear now?
Michael Hohensee

@_date: 1998-10-08 23:11:15
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
The latter does not necessarily follow from the former.  Consider the
example of natural gas and gasoline.  You don't get to conclude your
argument that easily! :)
Michael Hohensee

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:15:36
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
Absolutely nothing.  That's my point, not yours --or at least not the
point you made in your previous post.  I had assumed that the flaw in
your previous statement was so obvious that my fairly simple example
would make it crystal clear to you, but it appears that I was
incorrect.  Let me try again.
You said:
And I say:
This is not a valid argument.  You are saying that since the volume of
nuclear waste is so much less than the volume of the waste produced by a
coal plant, "the concentration of the chemicals in the coal plant [is]
much lower by many orders of magnitude than [that of] the nuclear
[plant]."  For one thing, this comparision is entirely meaningless,
since the waste from coal and nuclear plants is entirely different,
comparing their "concentrations" is impossible.
Of course, what you really meant to refer to was the concentration of
toxic chemicals in the aforementioned waste products.  Yet even your
implied argument is flawed.  You are assuming that there is a constant
unit amount of toxins produced per unit of power generated.  This is an
entirely baseless claim, and is easily refuted.  For example, take the
case of natural gas and gasoline.  Burning gasoline yields carbon
dioxide, water, and various pollutants.  When you burn natural gas, on
the other hand, you get carbon dioxide and water.  Clearly, there is no
power:toxicity ratio at work here.
Take it further. Burn hydrogen.  You get water.  Hydrogen produces much
more energy per unit mass burned than gasoline, yet produces no toxins.
Now, is it clear why the statement you made above is nonsensical?
Michael Hohensee

@_date: 1998-10-09 09:54:34
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
It would appear that Jim either cannot read his own posts (and this may
well be, as I had a hard time deciphering the exact meaning of that last
paragraph-sized sentence), or simply cannot remember them.  He certainly
seems to have a problem with reading the posts of others.
Isn't it nice the way Jim avoids having to argue intelligently?  He can
just take the first statement that someone makes, delete everything else
after it, and proceed to do nothing but offer a contradiction.  He seems
to think that this action is sufficient to make him right, and his
opponents wrong.  Oh well, if it makes him feel better, who am I to
argue?  I certainly can't carry on an intelligent conversation with him.
Now watch Jim's response to this message.  He will:
A:  Ignore it entirely, as is often the wont of people who have no
rational argument to make, and who realize they've painted themselves
into a corner.
B:  Reply, but cut out large portions of this post, and respond with a
few trite phrases which prove absolutely nothing but assuage his ego.
C:  Reply, include all of this post, and proceed to whine about how mean
I'm being to him --flaming him for no good reason! (it's true, there
isn't a good reason for flaming one such as Jim, they have no effect
--but it is somewhat cathartic).  While being certain to avoid
responding to anything in my previous two posts --or at least not in a
way that makes any sense.
Of course, I could be wrong.  Jim *could* choose option:
D:  Re-reply to my previous post, and address the arguments which he so
conveniently chopped out this time.
But given his track record so far, I doubt it.
Michael Hohensee

@_date: 1998-09-18 17:47:47
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) The Nature of Religion 
I believe that I said that.  We religiously believe that the universe
exists, but, since we're honest with ourselves, we admit that we can't
prove it, and simply choose to act under the assumption that it is real.
(after all, that model seems to work pretty well)
No.  All we assume is that the universe exists.  Whether or not we can
fully comprehend everything about how it works is another question
entirely.  We currently understand all kinds of interesting things about
how the universe works, but no one says that that's everything.  If
something is physically beyond our understanding, then of course we
won't be able to understand it,  but we haven't hit such a wall yet. Who knows, if we ever do hit that wall, we may be able to build machines
which can help us understand (or at least take advantage of) things
beyond that wall.
I'd say to worry about it when we come to it. :)
So you do believe (or at least act under the assumption) that the
universe is real, then? ;)

@_date: 1998-09-21 19:40:39
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
I believe that the idea was to set it up so that BIOS defaults to
HD-hiding mode.  When you're taking your laptop through customs, you do
nothing while the machine boots up, the doctored BIOS does its thing,
and everybody's happy.  When you want to get at the stuff on the rest of
the HD, you reboot and type in your passphrase.
Presumably, one wouldn't do this in front of a customs official. :)

@_date: 1998-09-22 12:43:09
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Well, I don't propose to do it at all, since I lack the expertise to do
it or even know how much trouble it would be to do it. :)
I believe that the idea was to change BIOS itself.  That is, change the
BIOS program, rather than a setting.  This was to be done by
flash-updating the BIOS with a new program.
Perhaps the new BIOS program listens for something like Ctrl-Shift-P,
and if it gets it, goes into passphrase mode.  Otherwise, it does its
little trick.  As long as the doctored BIOS program produces a normal
looking bootup sequence (but hides the HD), everything's fine.

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:45:52
@_author: Michael Hohensee 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Ahh, but it's not *you* who's putting the restrictions on your software,
but the U.S. government.  As far as I know (not that I'm a lawyer, or
anything) the U.S. govt. doesn't care what your license says --if it's
strong crypto, it's not supposed to be exported. The license is probably irrelevant, as far as import/export is
