
@_date: 2001-07-24 23:44:00
@_author: Millennium Shape Up 
@_subject: No subject 
Do you look in the mirror in the mornings and just wish you could lose those few extra pounds?If you have tried countless diets and weight loss programs that never work,
THEN THIS IS FOR YOU!
Big or fat, we are all human beings with feelings, and with my help, you can re-establish those confident feelings and feel good about yourself and your body.
You may ask why you should read something on dieting from a complete stranger. Good question, who am I? My name is Manfred Seibert, I am a qualified chef - I finished my training in Germany where I worked for several leading hotels. Following training I braved the world and spent time in Switzerland, Norway, and Sweden and rested in my current position as Executive Chef for a leading resort on the island of Bermuda.
The idea to develop my own diet came when I gave up smoking and gained 45lb. I'm sure that's not unfamiliar to others out here. I tried countless diets out there on the market and I must admit, a few made a dent in my weight, but nothing worked well for me. So, I decided to develop my own program based on a low-fat and cholesterol free diet. I needed a diet program that satisfied my needs and time schedule. This is what I have developed.
After coming up with recipes and designing the program itself I managed to lose 45lb without feeling hungry, being depressed or nervous. The most important fact is that it changed my eating habits, and the weight stayed off. After watching the program work for me, other people around me began to ask me what I did to lose all that weight. I put various people on the same diet program, adjusted the time schedules accordingly and it worked for every one of them. Even my boss, Mr. Billy Griffith, used it. He too lost 45lb.
It was his idea I market the program, and so I turned the program into a book that will help you lose 4lb per month, and keep it off. The only disadvantage is spending a little more time in the supermarket looking for the low fat items and reading the labels. If you too would like to benefit from this program for just $10.00 plus $7.95 shipping worldwide please email me personally at manfredseibert at yahoo.com with delivery information. In addition please feel free to email me if you have any questions.
Or visit my website for more information at GOOD LUCK!
This message is sent in compliance of the new e-mail bill:SECTION 301. Per section 301, Paragraph (a)(2)(c) of s. 1618,
Further transmissions to you by the sender of this e-mail may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply to this email address with the word "remove" in the subject line.
