
@_date: 1996-12-17 22:14:14
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: [NOT NOISE] Microsoft Crypto Service Provider API 
You're right, you haven't looked at it closely.  Although it doesn't
have Key Escrow, new cryptosystems can only be added if they are
signed by a private key held by Microsoft.  Of course, Microsoft has
agreed with the State Dept. to sign only export-"strength" crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-23 10:03:12
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
I'm not one either.
It happens to be the case that the Northern District of California
borders on the Pacific Ocean, and includes (at least) two airports
with direct flights to more crypto-friendly jurisdictions to the west.
I do not know if there are any satellite or oceanic cables similarly
situated, but I wouldn't be surprised.
Of course, the significance of this is between you and your lawyer.

@_date: 1997-04-15 12:33:03
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Useful utility? 
It sounds like you've basically reinvented Kerberos, at least from a
key management perspective.  If you consider some of the pk extensions
to Kerberos which have been proposed recently, it's even vaguely
similar cryptographically.
SSH is great if you control everything in your environment, and if the
number of users and endpoints is small.  But as these parameters grow
and change, Kerberos is more useful, because it scales more easily.
What would be truly useful would be to combine the different
approaches, so that you could use whichever mode was most appropriate
to your environment.  This is possible, but the details are subtle,
and would probably make backward compatibility difficult.

@_date: 1997-02-24 13:32:27
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Distributed cracks, law, and cryptoanarchy 
I'm sorry to flame, but I'm getting sick of this.
I don't want to sign a formal contract.  I want to break the key.  I
don't care about the money.  I can buy a lottery ticket if I want a
small chance at winning a lot of money.
I'll participate when I can download something, type make, run it, and
forget about it.
Invoving money money seems to be making it harder, not easier, to do
this.  I thought the reason to crack the key was to demonstrate how
weak DES is.  If the person who cracks the key collects the reward
himself, so what?  A good, public nail in the coffin of restrictions
on crypto is worth the risk that someone steals the $10k, IMHO.
I've got my idle cycles waiting....

@_date: 1997-02-26 13:23:02
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Distributed cracks, law, and cryptoanarchy 
When I wrote my message, this thought occurred to me.  I should have
assumed someone would call me on it :-)
My perception of the situation (which may or may not be accurate) is
that the technology, while perhaps not the best possible, exists.
What seems to be preventing coordination is bickering about what to do
with the money, including the fear that someone else will claim the
money.  As you have pointed out, the value of a $10K prize is not that
attractive.  If people are doing anything at all, it is not for the
prospect of economic gain.  I'm hoping that someone who has other
incentives besides the money will agree with my evaluation (and yours,
I think) of the risks, and move forward with the project.
By these arguments, the rc5-48 attack would have never happened.  I'm
not sure what the incentives were for that, but I think the same
incentives apply to a DES attack.  I don't think the money figured
prominently into the first attack.  My message was intended to cause
those who might work on the second attack to look past the money, and
at whatever other incentives they might have.  I'm not trying to ignore economics.  I'm trying to show that, for some
of us, there are other incentives than money.  For me and you, these
incentives aren't strong enough.  For someone else, they might be.  I
can't make them do anything, but I can certainly try to encourage

@_date: 1997-06-10 10:20:26
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Access to Storage and Communication Keys 
To me, mail encryption is not communications encryption.  The mail
message is encrypted, just like a file might be.  Then those encrypted
bits are sent over the net.  It is precisely because I have access to
the ciphertext as a separate entity that this is not communications
This is in contrast to ssh, kerberized telnet, IPsec, etc., where once
the communications has happened, I either have the cleartext bits
(example: scp), or nothing but a memory in my head (example: telnet).
In this situation, private escrow of keys is useless, unless I'm also
escrowing the ciphertext.  Nobody I know archives their cyphertext
data flows.  Anybody know of a contradiction?
The *only* reason to escrow communications keys is to spy on people;
there is never an opportunity for data loss here.
Note that this also means that private key recovery (intra-corporate,
for example) is consistent with perfect forward secrecy, since the
former is never useful for communications, and the latter only is.
This doesn't fix the potential problems with email, but it does let
you continue to argue vociferously and with a clear conscience against
communications key escrow in any form.

@_date: 1997-06-11 05:22:39
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Access to Storage and Communication Keys 
It is impossible to know if a given email is business related or not
automatically.  Probably the best idea is to have my business email
key escrowed (by my MIS department, not uncle sam!), but to have my
personal email key not escrowed.  Probably, I want to use two
completely different email addresses.  This does require that the
sender use the correct address and key when sending me personal email.
I do believe that there is a case for private key escrow here.  Some
of you will say that the sender should just encrypt the message to me
and to the MIS message-escrow key.  This is ok, too, but it still
requires that the sender remember to do this for business email and
not for personal email, so you've just changed the nature of the
burden slightly, not removed it.
This sort of thing is where we as cryptographic engineers need to keep
on our toes.  If we never use the same key for communications and
storage encryption, this issue never comes up.
Key backup is far more practical than data backup in a large
ObCryptoIdea: a backup system which lets me set a public key
associated with my directory/disk/whatever.  The backup system will
encrypt the backup in a symmetric key encrypted by this public key.
If a restore is needed, the backup system and I engage in a dialog to
disclose the relevant symmetric key.  For mission-critical data, the
public key must come with a certificate indicating that the private
key has been escrowed, so that if I get hit by a truck, the data can
be recovered.  For personal data, I keep the private key to myself.
This means that I can have the safety of knowing my data is being
backed up, but I never have to worry about archives of my data coming
back to haunt me (unless the company/school/ISP is malicious and keeps
it's own records of the symmetric keys, but then I'm screwed in any

@_date: 1997-11-04 05:17:51
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol 
Someone recently told me that game manufacturers have stopped worrying
about piracy.  Why?  Because most new games come on CD-ROM, and
copying a CD-ROM is an expensive, time-consuming operation.  Bulk
duplication of CD's is substantially cheaper than one-off duplication,
and since games are cheap, people will usually buy them rather than
copy them.
While the cost of one-off CD duplication will certainly drop, I see no
reason that media will not change form in the future.  As long as it's
cheaper or more convenient to buy digital media from the publisher
than to copy it yourself, the piracy problem basically doesn't exist.
This is exactly what makes copyright work for books: I can duplicate a
book, but it will cost more than buying it legitimately.  (There is
still the problem of systematic large-scale piracy, but this is
relatively easy to notice and prosecute under existing law.)
Short works (newspapers, magazines, journals, etc.) will need a
different mechanism, such as advertising, but that infrastructure is
creating itself today.
I'm unconvinced that there really is an Internet copyright problem,
outside of traditional media publishers inventing it.

@_date: 1997-11-08 03:30:43
@_author: Marc Horowitz 
@_subject: BXA mtg in DC, 12/9/97 
This happens to This happens to be during IETF, which happens to be in DC, which means
a large number of prominent cryptographers and implementors from all
over the world will be in town.  Is it worth showing up?  Maybe the
BXA can ask them how they manage to get the stuff from the US even
though it's export controlled :-)
How closed?
