
@_date: 2002-08-22 17:22:06
@_author: Marc Branchaud 
@_subject: the underground software vulnerability marketplace and its hazards 
I agree that such pressure is pretty reprehensible.  As others in this
thread have said, it's your decision how you want to publish the
information.  People should respect that decision.
I agree with that to a certain extent.  However, we (RSA) recently had
to release patches to several versions of Xcert's old Sentry CA because
of the OpenSSL fixes.  I do not know how our customers would have been
helped by having the source.
First, I want to point out that Xcert's use of OpenSSL was entirely in
agreement with OpenSSL's license.  The fact that we built closed-source
product atop OpenSSL was playing the game properly, as far as the rules
were laid out.  (If you think OpenSSL's users should behave differently,
change the license!)
Even if we gave our customers our source code, we had made a few changes
to the OpenSSL code for use in Sentry CA.  Mostly to deal with things
like PKCS and ECC (we used OpenSSL for crypto, some ASN.1 and SSL).
So patches don't necessarily apply perfectly cleanly (though these ones
did).  It seems unreasonable for us to expect our customers to make the
appropriate changes themselves.  (We even had to make our own patch for
a particularly early version of Sentry CA that used a verison of OpenSSL
that did not get a patch from openssl.org.  There's nothing like money
to bring out the whore in all of us...)
Also, one of the selling points of Sentry CA was that it's thoroughly
tested.  We had to make sure that the patches didn't break the product.
 Again, we can't really expect our customers to do that themselves.
Now, I'm a big fan of open-source software, and am very sympathetic to
its ideas in many ways.  All I'm trying to point out is that the issues
aren't necessarily so black-and-white.  We certainly could have
benefitted from advanced notice of the flaws, but I personally think
that "vendors" shouldn't get first dibs at any patches.  That said, I
don't really know what we could've done with the news while waiting for
OpenSSL's patches to come out.  So the way things happened is probably
the fairest outcome possible.  It was a rough couple of weeks for us,
though, getting our own fixes together while OpenSSL was sitting pretty.
 Customers don't seem to like _knowing_ they're vulnerable, for some
(I speak for myself, and these opinions are my own, and I might even be
lying about everything.)

@_date: 2002-10-17 10:22:57
@_author: Marc Branchaud 
@_subject: QuizID? 
Any thoughts on this device?  At first glance, it doesn't seem
particularly impressive...
Lovely idea of two-factor authentication:
   The user then enters their user name (something they know) and the
   8-digit Quizid passcode (something they have) into the login screen
   of their application.
BBC NEWS | Technology | Handy future for online security
Excerpt from the BBC article:
   Users are issued with a card and a personal code, based on a set of
   colour keys on the card. Each time they wish to conduct a secure
   transaction, they punch in the colour code and a random number is
   generated.
