
@_date: 1996-08-23 15:20:41
@_author: Marc Barnett 
@_subject: Antiautomobile devices 
This was recently posted to ba.motorcycle (WHY, I dunno), and since there
has already been the topic regarding EMP disabling of cars....
So, LEOs in the US of A will disable fleeing autos with electricity, eh? They
ought to get a clue from those icons of enforcement in Finland.
Finnish police agencies have been beta-testing a new device that fits on the
front of their police cars. It's a harpoon. That's right, a harpoon. During a
high-speed chase, the cops ram the sharpened, front-mounted device through
the body, into the trunk of the car they are chasing. Barbs spring out,
preventing dislodgement. The police car then uses its own brakes to bring
both cars to a halt. The kicker is that the harpoon is really a giant
hypodermic needle; tear gas can be injected through it into the vehicle
ahead. (I can just hear some lawn order types now: "Whoa! Cool, man!")
This story comes from the 8/20/96 broadcast of Public Radio International's
program, "The World", which claimed the device was being demonstrated at some
airport in Finland.
They didn't say what would happen if the suspects decided to lock up their
brakes just as the pursuing vehicle rammed them, but they *did* advise
listeners to obey all speed limits while visiting the country....:-)
This is why I like my new bike...

@_date: 1996-11-30 13:46:47
@_author: Marc 
@_subject: Strong-crypto smart cards in Singapore and Germany 
But its not a matter of "giving it up", its more "not being given it."
There is little control with cash now, only some if the serial numbers are
prerecorded and watched for, and even then not to a paint where they can
come stomp on you before you walk out of the mall. But I agree, it is
unlikely that banks would pass up the opportunity, all in the name of
"loss reduction" and "profit through sharing of demographics"
marc at mtjeff.com

@_date: 2000-11-09 14:38:42
@_author: Marc 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
You quoted FL 101.011. However, FL 101.5609 is a much clearer point against
the "must be to the right" claims.
   Voting squares may be placed in front of or in back of the names
   of candidates and statements of questions and shall be of such size as
   is compatible with the type of system used. Ballots and ballot
   information shall be printed in a size and style of type as plain and
   clear as the ballot spaces reasonably permit. Tear-off stubs shall be
   of a size suitable for the ballots used and for the requirements of
   the voting device. The ballots may contain special printed marks and
   holes as required for proper positioning and reading of the ballots by
   the automatic tabulating equipment. When ballots are bound into pads,
   they may be bound at the top or bottom or at either side. In the case
   of the paper ballots, all offices and questions may be printed on the
   same sheet of paper.
On the other hand, I've heard claims that people realized their mistake and
tried to get a new ballot but were refused. This is clearly illegal:
   Any voter who spoils his or her ballot or makes an error may
   return the ballot to the election official and secure another ballot,
   except that in no case shall a voter be furnished more than three
   ballots. A spoiled ballot shall be preserved, without examination, in
   an envelope provided for that purpose. The stub shall be removed from
   the ballot and placed in an envelope.

@_date: 2000-11-09 15:50:22
@_author: Marc 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
I can see it now...
"You two may have the soup or the salad"
"I'll have the soup, but he'll have the salad"
"I'm sorry sir, but you two may have the soup or the salad..."
