
@_date: 1998-12-01 07:44:26
@_author: Marita Näsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: DATA FELLOWS AND SONERA JOIN FORCES TO CREATE SECURE VPN SERVICES FOR THE NEXT MILLENIUM 
Press Release					                For immediate release
DATA FELLOWS AND SONERA JOIN FORCES TO CREATE SECURE VPN SERVICES FOR THE
NEXT MILLENIUM
Espoo, Finland, December 1, 1998 -- Data Fellows, the leading global
security solutions vendor, and Sonera, the leading Finnish
telecommunications service provider, have announced a partnership to create
next-generation Intranet and extranet services.
The scope of the partnership is to develop a secure IP service platform by
combining Sonera's leading-edge telecommunications services with Data
Fellows' award-winning secure VPN and anti-virus products.
"Security is not a simple issue. We see leading telecommunications service
providers in a key position to help corporate customers reap the benefits
of the Internet without the inherent risks," says Risto Siilasmaa, CEO of
Data Fellows. "Over the years, Sonera has always paved the way with
innovative telecommunications services. Well-managed strong security is the
logical next step."
"Our key challenges are the increasing demand for mobility and the
increasing use of extranets between companies," says Jukka T Leinonen,
Managing Director of Sonera Solutions. "Managed IP-based virtual private
networks with a functioning Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and strong
security constitute the foundation for future corporate information
systems. Data Fellows can provide us with standards-based, proven security
with globally available strong encryption." The first products and services
will be announced early next year.  Data Fellows' groundbreaking F-Secure products provide a unique combination
of globally available strong encryption, revolutionary anti-virus software
and policy based management. Data Fellows products are relied on by the
world's largest industrial corporations, best-known telecommunications
companies and major airlines, several European governments, post offices
and defence forces as well as several of the world's largest banks. Data
Fellows was selected one of the Top 100 Technology companies in the world
by Red Herring magazine in September 1998.
Sonera Ltd is Finland's leading telecommunications company, with
subsidiaries and associated companies in 14 countries. Internationally,
Sonera is a forerunner in the rapidly growing field of mobile, data, and
media communications. In 1997, Sonera's net sales amounted to FIM 8
billion, and operating profit was FIM 1.7 billion. The Group employs 8,200
For more information, please contact
Data Fellows Inc.   Mr. Pirkka Palomaki, Product Manager
Tel. +1 408 938 6700, fax  +1 408 938 6701
E-mail:  Pirkka.Palomaki at DataFellows.com
Data Fellows Oy
Mr. Jukka Kotovirta, Director, Service Provider Business Unit
PL 24     FIN-02231 ESPOO Tel.  +358 9 859 900, fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-mail: Jukka.Kotovirta at DataFellows.com
or visit our web site at Sonera Solutions Ltd.
Mr. Timo Korpela, Head of Product Development
Tel. +358 2040 63296, fax. +358 2040 64652
E-mail: Timo.Korpela at sonera.net
Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-12-11 01:24:43
@_author: Marita Näsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: Data Fellows’ F-Secure VPN+ demo; An easy way to test strong Internet encryption 
Press Release				For immediate release Data Fellowsï¿½ F-Secure VPN+ demo An easy way to test strong Internet encryption
Espoo, Finland, December 11, 1998. - Data Fellows, one of the worldï¿½s
leading developers of anti-virus and encryption software, has set up a demo
of the commercial version of F-Secure VPN+, whereby companies can test an
encrypted IPSec connection between their own machine and a VPN+ Server at
the Data Fellows site. The supported platform is Windows NT 4.0 (Intel)
with an Ethernet network adapter. The release works on both single and
multi-processor machines.
An encrypted IPSec connection can be set up by downloading and installing
the F-Secure VPN+ Demo Client, available at the Data Fellows web site
( and connecting
through it to the F-Secure VPN+ server. This set-up in no way affects a
companyï¿½s other network traffic; all other hosts and network services may
be accessed as usual. Unlike the commercial version of VPN+, it is not
possible to create encrypted connections to hosts other than
VPNPlus.DataFellows.com. This server cannot be contacted without the VPN+
demo client.
The demo client has been configured to establish an IPSec encrypted (3des)
connection to VPNPlus.DataFellows.com (IP:194.252.6.42). A random session
key will be negotiated for each connection. Host authentication is
performed using a shared secret 0x462D534543555245 (i.e. "F-SECURE" in
hex). Access to all other networks (local/Internet) is provided without
additional IPSec security. In the commercial version of F-Secure VPN+, the network administrator
determines which connections are permitted and which connections need to be
encrypted. The commercial version of the product features F-Secure
Administrator for central management, network wide security policy
distribution and F-Secure VPN+ Certificate Wizard for a complete VPN
Certificate Authority service. In addition to F-Secure VPN+ Demo Client, a Lotus ScreenCam presentation of
F-Secure Administrator can be downloaded, as well as the userï¿½s manual of
the commercial version. The presentation shows how easily the network
administrator can create and maintain a security policy for the whole
Virtual Private Network.
End-user installation of the commercial version can be done using AUTOINST
network-wide deployment tools and it provides a fully transparent network
security solution to the user. No user-interfaces are left to the user to
stumble with.
About Data Fellows
Data Fellows is one of the worldï¿½s leading developers of data security
products. The Company develops, markets and supports anti-virus, data
security and cryptography software products for corporate computer
networks. It has principal offices in San Jose, California, and Espoo,
Finland, with regional offices and corporate partners, VARs and other
distributors in over 80 countries around the world. Data Fellows has customers in more than 100 countries, including many of
the worldï¿½s largest industrial corporations and best-known
telecommunications companies, major international airlines, European
governments, post offices and defense forces, and several of the worldï¿½s
largest banks. The Company was named one of the Top 100 Technology companies in the world
by Red Herring magazine in its September 1998 issue. Other commendations
include Hot Product of the Year 1997 (Data Communications Magazine); Best
Anti-Virus product (SVM Magazine, May 1997); Editorï¿½s Choice (SECURE
Computing Magazine); and the 1996 European Information Technology Prize.
About F-Secure products
All F-Secure products are integrated into the F-Secure Framework management
architecture, which provides a three-tier, scaleable, policy-based
management infrastructure to minimize the costs of security management. F-Secure Workstation Suite consists of malicious code detection and removal
as well as unobtrusive file and network encryption, all integrated into a
policy-based management architecture.
F-Secure Anti-Virus, with multiple scanning engines (including F-PROT and
AVP), is the most comprehensive, real-time virus scanning and protection
system for all Windows platforms. F-Secure VPN+ provides a software-based, IPSec-compliant Virtual Private
Network solution for large corporate networks as well as remote and small
office networks. F-Secure FileCrypto is the first and only product to integrate strong
real-time encryption directly into the Windows file system. F-Secure SSH provides secure remote login, terminal, and other connections
over unsecured networks. It is the most widely used secure remote
administration tool.
F-Secure NameSurfer is the solution for remote Internet and Intranet DNS
administration. Its easy-to-use WWW user interface automates and simplifies
DNS administration.
For more information, please contact:
Data Fellows Inc. Mr. Pirkka Palomï¿½ki, Product Manager Tel. +1 408 938 6700, fax +1 408 938 6701
E-mail: Pirkka.Palomï¿½ki at DataFellows.com
Data Fellows Oy
Mr. Topi Hautanen, Product Manager
PL 24  FIN-02231 ESPOO				
Tel. +358 9 859 900, fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-mail: Topi.Hautanen at DataFellows.com
or visit our web site at Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-12-15 07:11:26
@_author: Marita Nasman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: Data Fellows Joins the Microsoft Security Partners Program 
This message comes from Data Fellows. You have previously expressed
interest in our products or asked to be included on one of our press
release lists. To remove yourself from our mailing lists, reply to this
message with the text "remove " in the subject field.
PRESS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Data Fellows Joins the Microsoft Security Partners Program
Helsinki, Finland, December 15, 1998-- Data Fellows, the global leader in
developing data security software solutions, has been invited to join the
Microsoft Security Partners Program.
The Microsoft Security Partners Program
( provides customers with the
tools and information they need to establish, test and maintain effective
information security for their computing infrastructure. The program brings
together software manufacturers, security consultants and security
trainers, making it even easier for customers to provide robust security in
their Microsoft Windows NT operating system-based networks.
Three Data Fellows products are included in the Microsoft Security Partners
Program. F-Secure Workstation Suite consists of malicious code detection
and removal as well as unobtrusive file and network encryption, all
integrated into a policy-based management architecture. F-Secure VPN+
provides a software-based, IPSec/IKE VPN solution scaleable for large
corporate networks as well as remote and small office networks. F-Secure
FileCrypto is the first and only product to integrate strong real-time
encryption directly into the Windows NT-based file system.
"Microsoft is pleased to include Data Fellows as part of its Security
Partners Program," said Karan Khanna, Windows NT Security Product Manager
at Microsoft Corp. "This program will help our mutual customers develop and
deploy secure solutions built on the Windows NT platform."
"The relationship with Microsoft shows Data Fellowsï¿½ commitment to improve
the native security of standalone and networked computers with a
comprehensive, centrally managed suite of security services," said Risto
Siilasmaa, president and CEO of Data Fellows. "Data Fellows is committed to
providing globally available seamless security for Windows users; security
that is strong yet easy to manage and economical."
Data Fellows is one of the worldï¿½s leading developers of data security
products. The company develops, markets and supports anti-virus, data
security and cryptography software products for corporate computer
networks. The company has head offices in San Jose, California, and Espoo,
Finland, and branch offices in Washington, DC, Calgary, London, Paris and
Munich, as well as corporate partners, VARs and distributors in over 80
countries. All F-Secure products are integrated into the F-Secure Framework management
architecture, which provides a three-tier, scaleable, policy-based
management infrastructure which minimizes the costs of security management. In addition to the products in the Microsoft Security Partners Program, the
F-Secure product line also includes the following products. F-Secure
Anti-Virus is the most comprehensive, real-time virus scanning and
protection system for all Windows platforms. It utilizes multiple scanning
engines, including F-PROT and AVP. F-Secure SSH provides secure remote
login, terminal, and other connections over unsecured networks. It is the
most widely used secure remote administration tool. F-Secure NameSurfer is
the solution for remote Internet and intranet DNS administration. Its
easy-to-use WWW user interface automates and simplifies DNS administration.
Data Fellows has customers in more than 100 countries. Its customers
include many of the worldï¿½s largest industrial corporations and best-known
telecommunications companies, major international airlines, governments,
post offices and defence forces, and several of the worldï¿½s largest banks. Data Fellows was named one of the Top 100 Technology companies in the world
by Red Herring magazine in its September 1998 issue. Other commendations
include the Virus Bulletin 100 % award (several times in 1998); Hot Product
of the Year 1997 (Data Communications Magazine); and the 1996 European
Information Technology Grand Prize.
For more information, please contact Data Fellows, Inc.
Mr. Pirkka Palomaki
675 N. First Street, 8th floor
San Jose, CA 95112
Tel. +1 408 938 6700, fax +1 408 938 6701
E-mail: Pirkka.Palomaki at DataFellows.com
Data Fellows Ltd.
Mr. Ari Hypponen
PL 24
FIN-02331 Espoo
Tel. +358 9 859 900, fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-mail: Ari.Hypponen at DataFellows.com
Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-11-17 05:01:08
@_author: Marita Nsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: Data Fellows and Nokia Announce New OEM Agreement 
Media Release			For immediate release
Data Fellows and Nokia Announce New OEM Agreement
Data Fellows' F-Secure SSH Client and Server To be Bundled in Three Nokia
Router Product Lines Espoo, Finland, November 12, 1998 -- Data Fellows, the global leader in
data security software and Nokia have signed OEM bundling agreement. Under
the terms of the agreement, Nokia will bundle F-Secure SSH Server and
F-Secure SSH Client software in each unit of various Nokia routing
products: the Nokia IP400 family of router/firewall products, the Nokia
VPN200 series, and the Check Point VPN-1 RemoteLink line versions of these
products sold through various VAR (Value Added Reseller) channels. F-Secure SSH Client provides Windows, Macintosh and all Unix users with
secure connections over the Internet and other untrusted networks to
corporate resources running F-Secure SSH Server -- in this case, the Nokia
firewall/router products. F-Secure SSH provides proven, ICSA-certified
end-to-end security between the client workstation and the Nokia
router/firewall unit, or any other server running the software. The
software offers strong authentication and encryption based on industry
standard algorithms such as 3DES, IDEA and Blowfish, as well as data
privacy for all data transmission. All data, including the initial user ID
and password, exchanged between the Client and Server flows transparently
through an encrypted tunnel.
The new OEM agreement is the second between Nokia Telecommunications and
Data Fellows. The VPN200 series enables a company of any size to set up
network connections to all plant sites, using maximum-security standards.
Both product families are compatible, enabling simultaneous management and
"F-Secure SSH has become de facto standard for secure remote
administration, maintenance and management of crucial corporate resources
such as firewalls, routers, switches, web servers and mail gateways," says
Petri Laakkonen, president of Data Fellows Inc. "By bundling the software
with leading router/firewall solutions, Nokia and Data Fellows will make
remote maintenance and administration of mission-critical network resources
much more secure, affordable and easier to adapt even to most distributed
global organizations."
"This co-operation will strengthen Nokia's security solutions. Our products
are in use for data applications where security is of the utmost
importance. We are pleased to be able to offer our customers one of the
most advanced, secure range of Firewall systems on the market," says Brian
NeSmith, Vice President, Nokia IPRG.
With offices in San Jose, CA, and Espoo, Finland, privately-owned Data
Fellows is the leading technology provider of data security solutions for
enterprise networks. The company's F-Secure data security product line
includes F-Secure Workstation Suite, consisting of malicious code detection
and removal, unobtrusive file and network encryption, and personal firewall
functionality, all integrated into a policy-based, centralized management
architecture; F-Secure Anti-Virus, with multiple scanning engines
(including F-PROT and AVP), is the most comprehensive, real-time virus
scanning and protection system for all Windows platforms; F-Secure VPN+
provides a software-based, IPSec-compliant Virtual Private Network solution
for large corporate networks as well as remote and small office networks;
F-Secure FileCrypto, the first and only product to integrate strong
real-time encryption directly into the Windows file system; F-Secure SSH,
providing secure remote login, terminal, and other connections over
unsecured networks (it is the most widely used secure remote administration
tool); and F-Secure NameSurfer for remote Internet and Intranet DNS
administration, with an easy-to-use WWW user interface that automates and
simplifies DNS administration.
Nokia is the world's leading mobile phone supplier and a leading supplier
of mobile and fixed telecom networks including related customer services.
Nokia also supplies solutions and products for fixed and wireless datacom,
as well as multimedia terminals and computer monitors. In 1997, net sales
totaled FIM 52.6 billion ($ 9.8 billion). Headquartered in Finland, Nokia
is listed on five European Stock Exchanges and on the New York Stock
Exchange (NOK.A), has sales in 130 countries and employs more than 42,000
people world-wide.
For more information, contact
Data Fellows Inc
Petri Laakkonen
675 North First Street, 8th floor
San Jose, CA 95112
tel 408-938-6700
fax 408-938-6701
Petri.Laakkonen     or
info at datafellows.com.
Ms Arja Suominen, Vice President, Communications
Nokia Telecommunications Tel: (Int.) + 358 9 5113 8193 Fax: (Int.) + 358 9 5113 8199
 Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-10-02 02:38:56
@_author: Marita Nsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: Data Fellows and TSP to Cooperate 
Press Release				For immediate release
Data Fellows Strengthens Its Position as Leading Data Security Vendor in
TSP and Its Worldwide Partner Network Joins Data Fellows
Helsinki, Finland, October 2, 1998 - Data Fellows, the developer of the
ground-breaking F-Secure Anti-Virus and Cryptography product family, and
the Dutch company TSP - The Security Provider have signed a cooperation and
distribution agreement. TSP, whose owners were behind ThunderByte anti-virus toolkit, currently has
over 40 distributors and 12 million ThunderByte users world-wide. TSP
specializes in security consultancy and marketing of information security
products. According to the announced cooperation agreement, TSP will
concentrate on selling Data Fellows products in the Netherlands, and its
international operations and distribution network will be taken over by
Data Fellows and its partners. "The addition of TSP to our list of partners will be yet another step
toward our goal of being among the top data security providers in the
world." says Risto Siilasmaa, President and CEO of Data Fellows. "Together
with Data Fellowsï¿½ complete line of data security products, TSPï¿½s network
of distributors around the world is going to make a valuable contribution
to our existing world wide partner network that already covers over 80
Says Harald Zeeman of TSP, "The anti-virus market structures are changing.
The customers today demand overall data security solutions instead of point
applications. Therefore it is important for a small company like ours to
form alliances and thereby to remain viable. The future belongs to those
who have the broadest expertise and service to its customers.
"With this alliance we are able to serve our existing customer base by
offering them migration not only to the award-winning F-Secure Anti-Virus
product range but above all to the F-Secure Workstation Suite which Data
Fellows recently announced." TSP was founded in 1998 after Norman Data Defense Systems B.V. took over
the development of the ThunderByte scanning engine. About Data Fellows
Data Fellows is one of the worldï¿½s leading developers of data security
products. The Company develops, markets and supports anti-virus, data
security and cryptography software products for corporate computer
networks. It has offices in San Jose, California, and Espoo, Finland, with
corporate partners, VARs and other distributors in over 80 countries around
the world. All F-Secure products are integrated into the CounterSign management
architecture, which provides a three-tier, scaleable, policy-based
management infrastructure to minimize the costs of security management. F-Secure Workstation Suite consists of malicious code detection and
removal, unobtrusive file and network encryption, and personal firewall
functionality, all integrated into a policy-based management architecture.
F-Secure Anti-Virus, with multiple scanning engines (including F-PROT and
AVP), is the most comprehensive, real-time virus scanning and protection
system for all Windows platforms. F-Secure VPN+ provides a software-based, IPSEC-compliant Virtual Private
Network solution for large corporate networks as well as remote and small
office networks. F-Secure FileCrypto is the first and only product to integrate strong
real-time encryption directly into the Windows file system. F-Secure SSH provides secure remote login, terminal, and other connections
over unsecured networks. It is the most widely used secure remote
administration tool.
F-Secure NameSurfer is the solution for remote Internet and Intranet DNS
administration.  Its easy-to-use WWW user interface automates and
simplifies DNS administration.
The Company has customers in more than 100 countries, including many of the
worldï¿½s largest industrial corporations and best-known telecommunications
companies, major international airlines, European governments, post offices
and defense forces, and several of the worldï¿½s largest banks. The Company was named one of the Top 100 Technology companies in the world
by Red Herring magazine in its September 1998 issue. Other commendations
include Hot Product of the Year 1997 (Data Communications Magazine); Best
Anti-Virus product (SVM Magazine, May 1997); Editorï¿½s Choice (SECURE
Computing Magazine); and the 1996 European Information Technology Prize.
For more information, please contact:
Data Fellows Inc. Mr. Petri Laakkonen, President
Tel. +1 408 938 6700, fax  +1 408 938 6701
E-mail:  Petri.Laakkonen at DataFellows.com
Data Fellows Oy
Mr. Jari Holmborg, VP, Sales and Marketing  PL 24   FIN-02231 ESPOO				
Tel.  +358 9 859 900, fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-mail: Jari.Holmborg at DataFellows.com
or visit our web site at Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-10-09 09:18:56
@_author: Marita Nsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: DATA FELLOWS SHIPS F-SECURE FILECRYPTO 
Data Fellows Ltd.		Media Release
PL 24	  	
FIN-02231 ESPOO 		FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Tel. +358 9 859 900
Fax. +358 9 8599 0599
Crypto-Sales at DataFellows.com DATA FELLOWS SHIPS F-SECURE FILECRYPTO New Product Provides On-the-Fly Protection For Sensitive Data on Personal
HELSINKI, FINLAND, October 9, 1998  -- Data Fellows, a leading developer of
data security software has started to ship F-Secure FileCrypto. The new
product provides strong, on-the-fly encryption for confidential data in the
Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 environment. "F-Secure FileCrypto is the only file encryption product on the market
designed for companies with thousands of PCs," says Mr. Camillo Sars,
Product Development Manager, Data Fellows. "The protection of confidential
files has never been this easy. F-Secure FileCrypto is installed over the
entire network, and automatically encrypts all files, including temporary
files created by programs and the operating system during running. The
process is completely transparent to end-users, requiring no action from
them at all." The administrator can define a security policy for all installed copies of
F-Secure FileCrypto. F-Secure FileCrypto will have a full support for
centralized policy-based management later this fall.
The program also features a key retrieval function. If a user forgets the
password that allows access to encrypted files, the Administrative Key
Recovery function manages the situation safely and easily.
According to Mr. Sars, "F-Secure FileCrypto is one of the first products to
integrate strong real-time encryption into the Windows file system. It
automatically encrypts data before it gets stored on the hard disk,
protecting sensitive information even in the most demanding situations. If
a PC is improperly turned off, or if a laptop computerï¿½s batteries go dead,
any open or temporary files will be encrypted and safe."
F-Secure FileCrypto also has a feature which allows users to send encrypted
e-mail to other users. Encrypted e-mail can be decrypted with a password.
F-Secure FileCrypto uses well-known fast block cipher algorithms. Either
the three-key 3DES or the Blowfish algorithm can be selected. Both
algorithms have been analyzed by the worldï¿½s leading cryptographers and are
known to be strong and safe.
"Files protected by F-Secure FileCrypto are not accessible to computer
freaks, hackers, or even cryptography experts. Each file is encrypted with
a random session key. Breaking a single key would give someone access to
only one file, and the job would consume trillions of years of computer
time," says Mr. Sars.
F-Secure FileCrypto for Windows NT 4.0 is now available from the Data
Fellows resellers around the world. Central installation and management
features will be implemented in the next release of the product. F-Secure
FileCrypto for Windows 95/98 will be available next year.
About Data Fellows
Data Fellows is one of the worldï¿½s leading developers of data security
software. The companyï¿½s groundbreaking F-Secure products provide a unique
combination of globally available strong encryption and revolutionary
anti-virus software. The integrated F-Secure software family provides
complete security solutions for enterprises of any size. It includes file
encryption and IPsec communication encryption products, VPN gateways,
SSH-based secure remote management software, easy-to-use solutions for
distributed DNS management, and a full range of anti-virus products for
workstations, servers and gateways. Data Fellows is also the developer of
the award-winning F-PROT Professional anti-virus product, the scanning
engine which is now an integral part of the multiple engine structure of
F-Secure Anti-Virus.   Data Fellowsï¿½ head offices are in San Jose, California, and Helsinki,
Finland. In addition, its offices, partners and VARs offer worldwide
technical support, training and distribution from over 80 countries. Since
the company was founded in 1988, its annual net sales growth has
consistently been nearly 100%. Data Fellows belongs to an elite group of
companies with a triple-A rating from Dun&Bradstreet. The company is
privately owned.  For further information, please contact
Data Fellows Inc.
Mr. Pirkka Palomï¿½ki, Product Manager
Tel. +1 408 938 6700, fax  +1 408 938 6701E-mail:
Pirkka.Palomaki at DataFellows.com
Data Fellows Ltd.
Mr. Tom Helenius, Product Marketing Manager
Tel.  +358 9 859 900, Fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-Mail: Tom.Helenius at DataFellows.com
Visit our web site at Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:05:18
@_author: Marita =?iso-8859-1?Q?N=E4sman=2DRepo?= 
@_subject: PRESS RELEASE: Data Fellows Introduces F-Secure NameSurfer Version 2.0 
For your information:
Data Fellows Introduces F-Secure NameSurfer Version 2.0   SAN JOSE, CA -- Data Fellows, the global leader in Internet security
solutions, has today announced the new version 2.0 of its F-Secure
NameSurfer DNS (Domain Name System) management tool. DNS translates host names to IP addresses and is a critical component of
any IP based network. F-Secure NameSurfer provides network managers an
easy- to-use Web interface for DNS administration, saving time and
maintenance resources. Its intuitive graphical user interface and automatic
error checking prevent network managers from generating faulty DNS data.
Faulty DNS data can bring down the entire IP network, so correctness of DNS
data is essential for reliable and secure Internet and intranets. F-Secure NameSurfer 2.0 has been extensively restructured to achieve
peerless performance in the markets, especially in large DNS installations.
The new version also makes it possible to prevent the network manager from
creating address records whose IP address falls outside his own network.
Thus, ISPs can give their customers the permission to change addresses and
still be sure that customers stay in their own network zone. F-Secure NameSurfer translates into significant savings in network
management. The intuitive graphical user interface saves network managers'
time in doing DNS configurations. The configurations can be done remotely
and by multiple network managers with personal administration rights. The
routine tasks can be delegated to clerical staff. Ultimately even end-users
or ISP customers can administer their own DNS data, with a Web browser, as
a self-service. Prime target customer groups for F-Secure NameSurfer are telecommunication
operators, Internet Service Providers (ISP), and other organizations that
need the best tool in the markets to manage Internet or intranet security.
Among F-Secure NameSurfer customers are ISPs like US WEST INTERACT,
Concentric Network Corporation, and The Finnish University and Research
Network, as well as international corporate customers such as Barclays Bank
PLC, Motorola Semiconductor Product Services, and UPM-Kymmene.
F-Secure NameSurfer 2.0 is now available from Data Fellows' resellers
around the world. The product is available for all the popular Unix
platforms. Pricing starts at $990.
With offices in San Jose, CA, and Helsinki, Finland, privately-owned Data
Fellows is the leading technology provider of data security solutions for
computer networks and desktop computers. The company's F-Secure data
security product line includes the groundbreaking F-Secure Anti-Virus,
which facilitates two of the world's best scanning engines, F-PROT
Professional and AVP, within the same system for unparalleled virus
detection rates; F-Secure SSH for securing all popular TCP/IP applications;
and F-Secure VPN for creating secure virtual private networks. The
company's products are relied on by many of the world's largest companies,
governments, universities and institutions. The products are available
world-wide in more than 80 countries through Data Fellows and its business
partners. For more information, please contact USA: Data Fellows Inc.
Mr. Pirkka Palomaki, Product Manager
Tel. +1 408 938 6700 Fax +1 408 938 6701
E-mail: Pirkka.Palomaki at DataFellows.com Europe: Data Fellows Oy
Mr. Petri Nyman, Director of Sales
PL 24
FIN-02231 ESPOO Tel. +358 9 859 900
Fax +358 9 8599 0599
E-mail: Petri.Nyman at DataFellows.com All media inquiries: Open City Communications, 212-714-3575 or
Opencity at aol.com
Kind regards
Marita Nasman-Repo
Communicator, Media Relations
marita.nasman-repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-09-22 07:04:15
@_author: Marita Nsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE! Washington DC office opened 
The following press release for your information. Marita Nasman-Repo
Data Fellows Opens Regional Sales Office in Washington, D.C.
developer of data security solutions, announces the opening of a regional
sales office in Washington, D.C.  The new office is located to better serve
Data Fellowsï¿½ current and future clients in the federal government and in
the Eastern portion of the United States.
base includes the Federal Reserve Bank, the Internal Revenue Service, the
Department of Defense, NASA, and other government agencies.  The new office
is the first of several planned regional offices designed to further
enhance the companyï¿½s relations with its North American customer base.
director for the new Washington office.  Mr Arcade has been involved in
Washington-area technology for the past 15 years and has held executive
positions with companies including Unisys, British Telecom, Sun
Microsystems, Cabletron and Litton.  Mr. Arcade has a Bachelors degree from
Youngstown State University and a Masters degree from Catholic University.
Fellows is the leading technology provider of data security solutions for
computer networks and desktop computers.  The company's F-Secure data
security product line includes F-Secure Workstation Suite, consisting of
malicious code detection and removal, unobtrusive file and network
encryption, and personal firewall functionality, all integrated into a
policy-based management architecture; F-Secure Anti-Virus, with multiple
scanning engines (including F-PROT and AVP), is the most comprehensive,
real-time virus scanning and protection system for all Windows platforms;
F-Secure VPN+ provides a software-based, IPSEC-compliant Virtual Private
Network solution for large corporate networks as well as remote and small
office networks;  F-Secure FileCrypto is the first and only product to
integrate strong real-time encryption directly into the Windows file
system; Fï¿½Secure SSH provides secure remote login, terminal, and other
connections over unsecured networks. It is the most widely used secure
remote administration tool; and F-Secure NameSurfer is the solution for
remote Internet and Intranet DNS administration.  Its easy-to-use WWW user
interface automates and simplifies DNS administration. The company's
products are relied on by many of the world's largest companies,
governments, universities and institutions. The products are available
worldwide in more than 100 countries through Data Fellows and its business
partners, and the company has experienced 100% annual growth during each of
the past three years.
floor, San Jose, CA 95112; tel 408-938-6700; fax 408-938-6701;    or  info at DataFellows.com.
Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web

@_date: 1998-09-25 08:55:38
@_author: Marita Nsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE: Data Fellows and BackWeb sign agreement 
For immediate release.
September 25, 1998
Data Fellows to integrate BackWeb's technology into CounterSign architecture Helsinki, Finland, September 25, 1998 - Data Fellows Ltd., a leading data
security vendor, and BackWeb Technologies, a leader in push solutions for
Knowledge Distribution, today announced an agreement to integrate BackWebï¿½s
Polite Server and Agent technology into Data Fellowsï¿½ CounterSign
management architecture. The CounterSign architecture provides a scalable,
policy-based framework for managing the security infrastructure. By including BackWeb technology in Data Fellows products, protection
against security breaches reaches the highest level, as the security system
will automatically and transparently keep itself up-to-date during idle
time online. BackWebï¿½s solution will complement the existing Internet
update technology in F-Secure security products, which include F-Secure
Workstation Suite, F-Secure Anti-Virus, F-Secure FileCrypto, F-Secure VPN+,
F-Secure SSH and F-Secure NameSurfer. "Combining our integrated security solutions with BackWebï¿½s Polite
distribution technology provides clear benefits to corporate customers in
todayï¿½s insecure Internet environments," said Risto Siilasmaa, President
and CEO of Data Fellows. "The use of bandwidth-friendly and scaleable push
technology is a natural extension of our strong Internet approach." F-Secure utilizes BackWebï¿½s new client, which allows data transfer to
customer networks securely even through firewalls. Administrators of
corporate networks will be able to make the decision about deploying a
particular version update in their networks, on a case-by-case basis, if
they prefer to evaluate the updates before deployment. This type of
implementation ensures that customers always have the latest versions on
hand and are able to follow company security policy on software
distribution. Data Fellows will also utilize the BackWeb broadcast channel
for delivering alerts as well as relevant product service and support
information to the corporate administrators and to its partners world-wide. Data Fellowsï¿½ future plans include establishing partnerships with ISPs for
using BackWebï¿½s push technology and its down- and upstream capabilities to
enable ISPs to find new sources of revenue from value-added services, such
as well-managed security services.
About Data Fellows
Data Fellows is one of the worldï¿½s leading developers of data security
products. The Company develops, markets and supports anti-virus, data
security and cryptography software products for corporate computer
networks. It has offices in San Jose, California, and Espoo, Finland, with
corporate partners, VARs and other distributors in over 80 countries around
the world. All F-Secure products are integrated into the CounterSign management
architecture, which provides a three-tier, scaleable, policy-based
management infrastructure to minimize the costs of security management. F-Secure Workstation Suite consists of malicious code detection and
removal, unobtrusive file and network encryption, and personal firewall
functionality, all integrated into a policy-based management architecture.
F-Secure Anti-Virus, with multiple scanning engines (including F-PROT and
AVP), is the most comprehensive, real-time virus scanning and protection
system for all Windows platforms. F-Secure VPN+ provides a software-based, IPSEC-compliant Virtual Private
Network solution for large corporate networks as well as remote and small
office networks. F-Secure FileCrypto is the first and only product to integrate strong
real-time encryption directly into the Windows file system.
Fï¿½Secure SSH provides secure remote login, terminal, and other connections
over unsecured networks. It is the most widely used secure remote
administration tool.
F-Secure NameSurfer is the solution for remote Internet and Intranet DNS
administration.  Its easy-to-use WWW user interface automates and
simplifies DNS administration.
The Company has customers in more than 100 countries, including many of the
worldï¿½s largest industrial corporations and best-known telecommunications
companies, major international airlines, European governments, post offices
and defense forces, and several of the worldï¿½s largest banks. The Company was named one of the Top 100 Technology companies in the world
by Red Herring magazine in its September 1998 issue. Other commendations
include Hot Product of the Year 1997 (Data Communications Magazine); Best
Anti-Virus product (SVM Magazine, May 1997); Editorï¿½s Choice (SECURE
Computing Magazine); and the 1996 European Information Technology Prize.
For more information, please contact:
Data Fellows Inc. Mr. Petri Laakkonen, President
Tel. +1 408 938 6700, fax  +1 408 938 6701
E-mail:  Petri.Laakkonen at DataFellows.com
Data Fellows Oy
Mr. Jari Puhakka, Director, Business Development PL 24   FIN-02231 ESPOO				
Tel.  +358 9 859 900, fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-mail: Jari.Puhakka at DataFellows.com
or visit our web site at Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web
