
@_date: 2002-09-19 21:01:29
@_author: MARIA 
@_subject: BRAND NEW CREDIT FILE!! 
Dear Friend,
We have got some great news for you... Finally, you can be approved
for a brand new luxury car or dream house !!! With a BRAND NEW CREDIT FILE !! This is not credit repair.
This is what the Government & the major Credit Bureaus do not want you to know !!! We will show you how to establish a brand new credit file that has absolutely no connection to your past credit history. We will also show you how to keep your two credit files from merging with one another. And the best part is that Everyone Qualifies!!! Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, Car repo, it does not matter. Your existing credit file will be invisible to your future lenders.
Many honest people have suffered financial set backs due to sudden illness, job loss, divorce & unforseen legal problems. These financial set backs often result in the loss of a good credit rating & even bankruptcy. This makes it next to impossible to start over & qualify for major necessary purchases such as a car or home. Why wait the 7 to 10 years for your existing credit file to clean itself up. This process of achieving AAA credit, with your new credit file, takes less than 30 days & not only is this 100% LEGAL, it is your RIGHT !!! Everyone makes mistakes. Perhaps you had a car repo, a foreclosure, gone through a divorce or got stuck with thousands of dollars in hospital bills. It is no longer necessary to be punished for situations that were out of your control. You do not have to be penalized for this. This is your second chance. Not only does this new credit file program work in the U.S., Canada & the United Kingdom but in over 17 countries as well... Discover the loophole in the credit system !!! Get that new car or home now... For more FREE info, click here...
Yours truly,
MARIA MORA
Hey- I'm *not* spamming you. You are in my address book because we were introduced via Target opt mail list. However, if you wish to discontinue, please click on the email link below and in the subject area type in remove and you'll be instantly removed from my address book.   maria66 at wowmail.com
