
@_date: 1994-03-28 15:41:24
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: words, words, words: debate at Stanford on March 30 
I guess Oxford style debates are all the rage.
with apologies if this already showed up on the list,
----- Begin Included Message -----
Newsgroups: su.school.gsb.events
Organization: Stanford University, CA 94305, USA
Sender: ceh at leland.stanford.edu
NNTP-Posting-Host: cardinal.stanford.edu
                     ENCRYPTION AND DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS:
                          LAW ENFORCEMENT OR PRIVACY?
                            An Oxford-Style Debate
                     J. Kent Walker, Jr. (Stanford Law '87)
        Assistant U.S. Attorney and Coordinator, High-Tech Task Force
                       Marc Rotenberg (Stanford Law '87)
     Washington Director, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
                       Wednesday, March 30, 1994, 5:30 PM
                         Stanford Law School, Room 290
                           Light Refreshments Served
This debate brings together two nationally prominent experts in this area. You won't want to miss the verbal fireworks and the opportunity to learn more about this important question.
The Clinton Administration is promoting use of the Clipper Chip technology that provides encryption, but in a form that law enforcement can unscramble. It also backs legislation requiring design of digital communications networks so ongoing surveillance will be feasible.
Law enforcement officials argue that these proposals are necessary to protect society from criminals and preserve important investigative tools.
Privacy advocates contend that these proposals grant broad new powers to law enforcement agencies and diminish protection for future users of the National Information Infrastructure.
Sponsored by the Stanford Law and Technology Policy Center and the Stanford Law and Technology Association.
Additional Information
Contact the Stanford Law and Technology Policy Center by email (Law.Tech.Policy at forsythe) or telephone (5-7788).

@_date: 1994-05-31 08:36:03
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Sun looking for applicants for secure networks 
Begging your pardon for this use of the mailing list, but, if you're
looking for a job developing network security software, Sun's hiring.
Please send resumes or inquiries to nick.johnson at sun.com.
Organization: Sun Microsystems Inc.
Summary: Wanted: Network/UNIX Security Engineers
Looking for candidates.
Responsibilities: Working has part of the Corporate IR group these
positions (2 currently open) are responsible for the internal security
of Sun's Network. Individuals will develop and maintain security
policies, perform audits on existing network and system
implementations, develop tools for the performance of remote audits
and intrusion detection, work with other internal Sun groups to
identify secure methods to inter-connect business partners, evaluate
new security products, drive encryption usage inside corporation,
perform customer presentations, work with enginering groups to test
new OS releases and influence product strategy.
Individuals should have at least 3 IP networking and 5 years UNIX
security work experience. Prefer individuals that have at least a BS
in computer science or directly related field with some software
development background.
Interested parties should forward their resume to:
angie.alfred at Sun.Com with a copy to nick.johnson at Sun.Com.
