
@_date: 1998-09-16 10:21:41
@_author: Mark Salamon 
@_subject: A personal response to your email to sixdegrees 
(I was not sure which email address to send this to, as the return
address was:  nobody at replay.com.  I also do not know who to address this
email to.)
I am the WHOIS contact at sixdegrees you sent this email to, and since
this is a peronal reply to your email, it is certainly NOT spam and I
would appreciate it if you would take the time to read it and respond.
I am very confused by your email.  I understand that you do not wish to
receive emails from sixdegrees, but it is very easy to solve this
problem.  If anyone ever sponsors you for sixdegrees, simply reply to
the email and put the word "remove" in the header.  (This is pretty
standard stuff across the Internet, as I am sure you are aware.)  If
that occurs, in the future we will not send emails to the email address
that received the original email from us.
Unfortunately, if you have many email addresses (as it appears, from the
bottom of your email), the only way for us to remove each is to have a
sixdegrees email go to each of these email address accounts and then
received a "remove" reply to each of these emails.  (We have in our
records references to 5 different cypherpunks email addresses:     and
  If you wish for us not to contact you again at any of these
addresses, we will need to confirm that you in fact control these email
addresses.  The best way for you to do this is to send an email to
cancel at sixdegrees.com, and ask to have these email addresses removed. We will then send a reply to each email address you listed, asking you
to confirm that you in fact control those email addresses and wish to
have them removed.  Once we receive your confirmation, we will adjust
our records so you receive no further emails from us to those email
addresses.  For example, if I receive an email from you to this email, I
will assume that you control the  email address and I will have
that removed.)
What is confusing to me is that the email you received from sixdegrees
(with the subject:  Harald Fragner) is one that would be sent ONLY to a
CONFIRMED sixdegrees user.  That means that once upon a time, whether
you remember or not, you joined sixdegrees (as have over 1,000,000
people to date).  It also appears that you listed Harald Fragner as a
contact, and he recently denied his sixdegrees relationship with you. Thus, it is not surprising that you would receive emails from
sixdegrees, as you had registered for our service at one time.  (I
assume that the email address you used to register with sixdegrees was
the  one.)
sixdegrees is purely a voluntary service, and if you do not want to
participate in it, then we are happy to accommodate you.  We do not send
out spam and take great efforts to ensure that no one receives unwanted
email from us.
I look forward to receiving your reply to this email.
Mark Salamon
General Counsel
MacroView Communications Corp.
