
@_date: 2000-11-09 19:41:07
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [Correction] More blather from the DEMS on FL 
Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida has reclused himself from supervising it,
citing his obvious conflict of interest. Exit polls are generally worthless, and are totally unofficial and untrustworthy. Joe Cuban goes into the polls, votes for Bush because he's well-to-do and wants a tax cut for his small business. He leaves,
and an exit-poller asks him how he voted. He says that he voted for
Gore because he would like to keep his business from mysteriously burning down, his daughter from mysteriously being raped, himself
from mysteriously being shot, and maybe his car from mysteriously
exploding. This is why we have anonymous voting.
If you don't believe that the people in the area are capable of doing
that kind of intimidation, I suggest that you turn on CNN (or
virtually any other news network) and watch the crowds of morons
protesting in Miami. They claim that they were "denied their right to
vote" and that their "civil rights were violated" because they were
too stupid to:
           _pair_ of candidates, one for President, and one for
Anybody who thinks that they can vote for more than one candidate for
the same office or who doesn't realize that Gore is running for
President and Lieberman is his _running mate_ probably shouldn't be
voting. once on CNN, there is no cause for confusion. The candidates are
clearly marked, and there are arrows pointing to the selector for
the appropriate candidate. Whatever Florida state law said about the
format of the ballot is irrelevent. It was clearly marked. Anybody who
screwed up their ballot should have talked to an election judge. The
ballot was designed by a Democrat. The ballot was vetted by both major
parties. The ballot was mailed out to the voters in Palm Beach County
well before the election and nobody complained.
Couple this with the election fraud in Missouri, and we get a
situation which is less than appealing. There's also apparent election
fraud in Florida, and as close as this election was there will
probably be total recounts in Oregon, Iowa, and a few other states.
A second election is simply not workable. As Tim May wrote yesterday,
the people of Palm Beach would know that they and they alone are
electing the President of the United States. Money will be spent to
buy each and every voter. There's a massive problem there, which is
pretty obvious. A second nation-wide election runs into many similar
problems, the biggest of which is people changing their votes to sway
the election (e.g. changing from Nader to Gore).
I think that the major parties involved had best be very careful about
how they handle this, but I fear that there will be major unrest
either way. If Gore wins, large portions of the population (much of
which consists of white America, which is generally sick of being
crapped upon by everything from affirmative action to minority-only
programs but is generally too politically correct and fixated on self-preservation to say it) is going to, at the very least, be
pissed. At the very worst, they rebel. If Bush wins, the Democratic
base (much of which consists of: ) will probably
riot and rebel on a massive scale. The next president, whether it be Bush or Gore, is likely to be a lame
duck either way, which is probably a good thing. Meanwhile, the
national legislature is fairly evenly split.
After watching CNN and listening to the Democrats whine, bitch, and
moan, I guess that maybe this is the first shot of the Second American
Civil War. I guess I'd better go get more guns to defend myself
against rioting welfare fungus which may try to claim that I am a
"white capitalist oppressor" and kill me. I just hope the Democrats
don't win; I wouldn't want to live in the world of "Harrison
Bergeron" where I'm basically lobotomized to bring me down to the
level of people who can't read a ballot.

@_date: 2000-11-13 21:58:55
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Stop sending me these emails 
My site isn't sending you any email. On the assumption that you're
talking about the mailing list, try following the instructions you
were given when you signed up. Clues are your friend. Find one.
ObCypherpunks: Anyone notice the last name? :)

@_date: 2000-11-15 23:20:21
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Fwd:  First Site 
One boggles when some idiot who spams refers to a URL as a "line," and
then can't even give a valid URL. What did they do, convert the IP to
a single value and then translate it to decimal? Why? It's obviously
to dodge complaints. I have to wonder about anybody who
would write a browser which accepts something like that in the first
place.

@_date: 2000-11-16 00:31:03
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Fwd:  First Site 
Good point. I'd tried it long ago in some (most likely broken)
software and never gave it a second thought. "3638141293" resolves to
216.217.161.109, which is serviced, not surprisingly, but
home.net. The site is up but trying (badly) to dodge traceroutes.

@_date: 2000-11-19 16:12:20
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Is this Reno/wiretap stat true? 
That's always good advice to go by. In this particular case, I recall hearing a claim that only one
wiretap was turned down, and that one was to be exercised on Wen Ho
Lee, but I don't recall the total number of requests. The source for
this was the Rush Limbaugh Show, so make of it what you will.
Not to defend the Butcher of Waco by any means, but we also don't know
the circumstances surrounding the wiretap. Maybe it's true, though
unlikely, that all the other wiretap requests had evidence behind
them, while the one for Wen Ho Lee took the form "We think this guy is
doing something bad. We don't know what, but he ate Dim Sum this
morning, and we're worried that he might like more than just Chinese
food." Of course, that's never stopped the government from approving
wiretaps before. :)

@_date: 2000-10-08 22:14:45
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: proggies 
Cypherpunks Industries would be happy to ship you pregnant laboratory
rats, transgenically altered to produce
delta-tetrahydrocannabinol. These pregnant rats have been nicknamed
"preggies" by our staff, in a combination of "pregnant" and "eeeeee,"
the sound they make when they're high which, of course, is all the
time. We would also like to offer you a special, one-time discount offer on
"hosers," rats which have been transgenically modified to produce a
patented cocktail of ethanol, delta-tetrahydrocannabinol, LSD,
ketamine, and extacy in their urine. Because drug delivery is, of
course, a primary concern when you've got "the bad shakes," the drug
dispenser port, nicknamed "schlong," has also been genetically
enlarged to approximately 20 times its normal size.
Ask about our great deals on transgenic THC-producing citrus fruit!
We at Cypherpunks Industries are committed to doing our part in
protest against the War on (Some) Drugs.
Please reply to cypherpunks at openpgp.net with your name, address,
daytime and work telephone numbers, credit card information, a signed
statement declaring that you are not in the employ of or affiliated
with any law enforcement or governmental agency which we can later
wave at a jury in court to no avail, and a list of the products you
wish to purchase. Thank you for your interest in Cypherpunks Industries.

@_date: 2000-10-15 21:57:52
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: UNIVERSITY DIPLOMAS FOR YOU, LIKE TODAY! 
I don't think that they do. They don't offer degrees in English
either. They do, however, offer degrees in hip So-Cal slang and
'bonics. What it is, man! Just slip dem some billz and they'll hit ya
back on the first with diplomaz, my bruddah!
Like, totally, and stuff.

@_date: 2000-10-15 22:03:23
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Swedish Team Cracks Tough Computer Codes (was Re: NewsScan Daily, 
Someone might also want to tell them that "70 years of computer time"
is a meaningless measurement unless they define how many cycles are
in a year of "computer time."
Of course, I could be missing some phantom standard concerning what
constitutes a year of computer time.

@_date: 2000-09-03 03:38:59
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: none 
This site? Let me look around. Ah, yes. This site is the secret Cypherpunk nuclear launch bunker from which we
can rain nuclear fire down from the heavens with a single
thought. Over in that corner over there is the closet where we keep
almost ten years worth of food, for use in case we have to go into
hiding or nuclear winter falls upon us all. And in that corner over
there is the weapons locker. And there is the Beowulf cluster with
16TB of drive space, hooked to the Internet with multiple T3s.
And that over there is an airlock. Do you want to see it? Ah, of
course you do. Just step in there. Yeah, that's it. Now those lights
up there show the door status. Let me show you. Now, we close the door
like this, and that light changes, then I can push this button. Ignore
that click. Then if I push this button, that digital display will
start showing increased air pressure. And we let it run for a few
minutes... What? Yeah, I saw that James Bond movie too. Now I just hit
this rapid decompression switch and *that* light will change... Hey, someone get maintenance over here. Some idiot was in the airlock
again and he exploded. I hate it when that happens. It's such a mess,
and the tissue is really hard to get off the glass.

@_date: 2000-09-03 16:17:46
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Whipped Europeans 
Yes, I know that. The point, though, was that the war on drugs is
futile and is about to be made worse. If you think our freedoms are
compromised for the War on (some) Drugs now, just wait fifteen years. On the topic of the blood-brain barrier, another example is compounds
such as cocaine, which exist in charged and uncharged forms. Normally,
the ratio is something like 99:1, so it takes some time for the entire
dose to actually get into the brain where it can do something. Crack
cocaine is made using a relatively simple procedure which changes that
equilibrium to where almost all of it blows into the brain at
once. This is why crack cocaine is considered worse than the "regular"
powder. Societies -- and American society in particular -- seem to loathe
actually fixing problems. We find secondary or tertiary (or worse)
symptoms, and try to treat those. This is partially because fixing the
real roots of the problem also affects other things, makes some of the
American people accept responsibility for some things, and is suicide
to a politician. This doesn't work, of course. It's like giving
someone with chronic headaches, vertigo, and dementia some asprin and
psychoactive drugs; it masks the symptoms, but doesn't fix the
problem, which might be a brain tumor.

@_date: 2000-09-05 21:13:24
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: 128-bit netscaoe v4 for bellsouth.net 
Is there a message hidden in these messages of blithe idiocy, possibly
hidden in the typos? Maybe revealable by some odd algorithm run
against a grammatically-correct version of the message?

@_date: 2000-09-06 22:26:14
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mind altering drugs 
Of course. What a silly question. How else can we explain you?

@_date: 2000-09-12 21:36:30
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: DNA 
UV light tends to totally hose up the DNA. The main problem, at least
in bacteria, is caused by the creation of a bunch of
cyclobutane-pyrimidine dimers and pyrimidine dimers. An enzyme called
photolyase cuts pyramidine dimers to get the original _two_
pyramidines back. (Photolyase uses visible light for activation, if
anyone cares.) This is a repair mechanism, but doesn't work 100% of
the time and has the occasional error.
The short answer is that UV light screws the DNA up. Sometimes the
cell can fix it, and sometimes it can't. But it probably wouldn't
throw off gel electrophoresis too much. (In forensics, the DNA is
subjected to a bunch of restriction enzymes which cut it at specific
sequences. Different DNA gets cut at different places, meaning that
the fragments have different lengths, meaning that they're of
substantially different weight. These are put on a gel and pulled
through it by an electrical field. If a fragment is heavier, it
doesn't go as far.)
DNA isn't a protein, though, and, strangely enough, isn't anywhere
near as dependent on secondary, tertiary, and quartenary structure as
proteins tend to be. Proteins have to be in a specific confirmation to
get the desired functionality. DNA just kind of needs to be
there. (It's more complicated than this, of course, because of things
that happen in cell division, but I could sit here and write a
book-sized posting which nobody, including me, wants.)
IIRC, DNA also tends to renature, either by itself or with the help of
other mechanisms. (cf. histones, etc.)
Yes, but not so much by UV light as by the occasional bacterium which
secretes something to break it, and by probably hundreds of other
processes. One would think.
Oh yeah.

@_date: 2000-09-14 20:26:53
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: censorship rears its head 
Some attorney (RAT) has filed suit against the entertainment industry
over the shooting in Peduchah, Kentucky. Right now he's doing the talk
radio circuit, trying to drum up support. (I suppose to cause such a
public outcry that the judge feels strongarmed to rule in his favor,
and to taint juries.) The central argument appears to be that the entertainment industry has
marketted their products, which happen to contain violence and sex, to
the people who are their biggest consumers: people under 18. But
because they're under the magic age of 18, they apparently aren't
responsible for blowing away their classmates; the computer game
companies are.
The quantity of bogus claims, lies, distortions, and general bullshit
the guy was spreading is too large for me to list them all, and after
a while they kind of blend into one big blob of bullshit anyway, but
I'll go over some of the more notable ones.
1) Contrary to whatever this attorney and other power-hungry censors
   would like us all to believe, the fact that most of these school
   shooters have played violent video games and seen violent movies
   does not mean that the movies were to blame. "But *ALL* of them
   have!" Yeah, and all of them probably ate chicken at some point in
   the month before their rampages too. The fallacy is obvious. As far
   as I know, nobody has bothered to counter the obvious question:
   Isn't it more likely that the people who have a predisposition to
   violence just tend to be drawn to this media, especially
   considering that there are millions of people out there who use it
   but *aren't* killing people?
2) He quickly tried to make some point that when a child (again,
   defined as someone under 18, or 17, as the case may be) sees
   "violent or sexually-explicit" images, there is some change in the
   brain. So he mentions some Harvard University study, but doesn't
   bother to give a useable citation (journal name, author, date...),
   which, he claims, showed "increased blood flows to the amygdala"
   using MRI in "children," but not in adults.    A) I have "increased blood flows" when I have a pulsating headache
   too. I have "increased blood flows" whenever my heart rate and
   blood pressure increase. I'm not a neurologist, but I'd figure that
   that doesn't mean anything neurologically. It dosen't even mean
   that there's enhanced activity in that region.    B) Wouldn't it make more sense to just slip the subjects
   radioactive glucose, wait a few minutes, and then do a PET scan?
   That way you can actually tell which neurons are firing? (When a
   neuron generates an action potential, it doesn't use any
   energy. It uses it when it recovers. So when a neuron fires a lot,
   it sucks in a lot of glucose, which means that the radioactive
   glucose winds up in the neurons, which means that it's held there,
   which means that you can see it on a PET scan.)
   C) Neurological structure changes *do* occur. They occur when I
   watch violent and sexually-explicit movies. They also change when I
   sit on the toilet, eat food, do a math problem, listen to music, or
   walk across the room. It's called learning. The fact that
   neurological structure changes in people exposed to this is
   meaningless. Do a behavoral study, then it might have some
   validity.    D) Why would you use an MRI in this case _at all_?
   E) Even increased activity does not imply psychological or
   neurological changes. It means that the neurons are firing. That's
   all.    This indicates that either:
     A) The researchers were purposefully trying to obscure data.
     B) The stupid attorney, and by extension probably the stupid judge,
     is trying to pull one over on the intentionally-stupid jury and
     voluntarily-stupid public, by distorting a biomedical study. 3) When another attorney called in and challenged him with the obvious
   statement that it isn't the entertainment industry's problem but
   rather the shooter's and the shooter's parents, the plantiff's
   attorney retorted with a purposeful and direct distortion and
   asked: "It's the fault of the parents of the three little girls who
   were shot?" What happened after that was fairly unintelligable,
   while the plantiff's attorney proceeded to talk over the
   caller. 4) Why can't people accept that shit happens and that sometimes you
   *can't* go blame everyone in sight? I don't hear of anyone suing
   any of the following:
    * The public school system in the area: The shooter most likely
      had a history of behavoral problems, yet they put him in the
      general population. Therefore, along the same line of thinking
      that this guy is using (but at a position closer to sanity) he
      should be suing the public schools.
    * Anybody who ever passed laws restricting the ability of the
      students who were shot at to themselves have a gun. (No, I don't
      necessarily think that they should have had one, but even *this*
      would be saner than suing the movie and computer game
      industries.) 5) His ethical justification for filing this lawsuit, which he knows
   is ridiculous, is that if the movie industry isn't found at fault
   and sued, the government will impose what he calls "draconian
   censorship laws."
6) If violent and sexually-explicit imagery and games are *really* so
   inherently dangerous, then why aren't the millions and millions of
   *other* people out there who have watched it or played them out
   there killing people? 7) Why can't we place the blame where it belongs: On the shooter?

@_date: 2000-09-14 22:49:28
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New World Coffee Disparagement Sites to be Shutdown? 
Hey, now. Some of these incompetent judges are slime molds, and some
are even amoeba. Most aren't vertibrates, in any case. On the other
hand, some members of the fungus kingdom are probably more competent
than the judges in these recent cases.

@_date: 2000-09-16 01:55:49
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: SWAT Team Guns Down 11 Year Old In His Own Home 
How very odd. If I stop a psychopath from gunning down an entire mall
full of people by shooting him a few times in the back, the government
would most likely have me arrested, hauled downtown for questioning,
and I would be demonized by the media. I might even be charged for
some bullshit "weapons violation." And HEAVEN FORBID that in the
process of stopping dozens of people from being killed one of my
bullets go through the gunman and hit a bystander, or that I simply
miss and hit a bystander. In that case, the USG and courts wouldn't
care how many lives I saved. They wouldn't say "shit happens" and let
me off the hook. There would be national outrage probably.
Yet the government can execute a predawn raid in a residential area
and shoot an 11-year-old (doubtless wielding an "assault pencil") with
a shotgun in the back? No questions asked, no national media coverage,
no national outrage? Disgusting.
Oh, I forgot. It was a drug raid, and it was executed by the USG.
That makes it all okay. Particularly that last part.

@_date: 2000-09-17 14:45:53
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: is there any way ? 
I don't have any 29's, but the subject of "cracking" into other
spatial dimensions is a rather hot topic in some physics circles right
now. The general idea is that spacetime isn't just the four dimensions
which we can see, but rather a much larger number of dimensions. The
exact number varies from theory to theory. Implications are obvious
for everything from time travel to faster-than-light stardrives.
A quick websearch should turn up something.
Oh, you mean a spatial webpage or email. I'm afraid I know nothing of

@_date: 2000-09-17 15:12:03
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: is there any way ? 
They've developed language skills? Man, I should have gone into food
research. I don't think I could handle the bread products
communicating with me, though.
I don't know how special they are, but you can find some at
Actually, Nabisco doesn't crack websites. They just make crackers and
other food products. You might be more interested in some Ginko
Biloba...or a lobotomy; those might help you. If not, ask your doctor
about Ativan.
I'm not planning to go to Tehran, Iran any time soon. However, any
hardware store would be glad to sell you a sledge hammer which you may
use to crack it once you get there. For the transportation, you might
want to try  I hear that you can name your
own price for airline tickets, gasoline, hotel rooms, and groceries
there now. That looks more like an email address to me, but I confess that I
don't quite know what those two trailing periods are for.
You too can make a splash. Just send $29.95 to Cypherpunks, Inc. for
your very own, easy to use cement. Just eat, drink a few glasses of
water, and you too will be able to make your own splash the very next
time you go to the bathroom. (Most common side effects included
intestinal perforation, intestinal obstruction, rectal hemorrage,
vomiting, and dehydration. Talk to your doctor before beginning to use
Cypherpunks, Inc. Cement Shitbrick Mix.)

@_date: 2000-09-18 21:26:37
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: censorship rears its head 
[My comments concerning blood flows not corresponding directly with
increased neural activity, followed by Mr. Syreeni's response to the
contrary.] Point taken. I stand corrected.
You're right. Tens at the very least. I figured I'd present it anyway. Nobody who is in a position to have
access to the equipment, to get grant money, etc., is stupid enough to
obscure data. Other researchers would make their name mud in very
short order. If nothing else, it's a professional-self-preservation
thing. Hey, it's a prison camp with a government re-education emphasis. No
sense mincing words. :)
And because it would mean that the government doofuses can't sue the
people with the deepest pockets, and can't use it to bolster policy
positions, and it's political suicide to start attacking the primary
sources of problems. It's easier to call everyone a victim and lose no
votes and appear compassionate, than it is to place blame where it
belongs, lose some votes, and get attacked as "mean-spirited" by the
opposition. Censorship and gun control sound like risky schemes to me.

@_date: 2000-09-19 19:08:26
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: The Dark Horse of Intellect Rides Again 
I'm copying this to the list because, aside from making fun of this
idiot, I might as well post a short comment on the pathetic, sorry
state of the Internet and society in general. This is necessary
because we seem to have so many newbies on the list, as evidenced by
the recent rambling about list filtering (_again_), and the latest
anonymous remailer spiel. (Disclaimer: This is American-centric since America seems to be where
the majority of the junk comes from.)
I really don't know who to blame. Is it the American public education
system which would rather teach students about Earth Day than about
English or mathematics, and which would likely give "Dark Horse" an
"A" for his drek? Is it the fault of popular entertainment and its
stultifying effects? Is it the declining popularity of reading? Is it
the canned, biased, and frankly lie-filled mainstream news?  Perhaps it's better to blame the idiots themselves, since clearly it's
possible to educate oneself. Perhaps its everyone's fault, though I'm
not quite ready to accept responsibility for the proliferation of this
brand of stupidity. I used to think that the Internet got the brunt of it, until I
realized that I was just so used to it in meatspace that I tended to
ignore it. It isn't really about grammar, because some people speak
English as a second (or higher) language. It's more about *very*
sloppy thinking. A mild example of it is "Dark Horse" telling me to
give him a "simple answer : yes or no" and then asking me a question
to which he clearly wants more than a simple "yes" or "no." (Note that
I'm not counting as sloppy thinking the problems which are inherent in
most languages, such as the answer to "Is it day or night?" being
"yes" in all cases.)
The American news media, in particular, tends to habitually get things
wrong. In fact, when the news media reports on something I know about,
the majority of the time they get it wrong. An example most of us can
relate to is the horrible state of computer-related and
Internet-related reporting. Of course, the natural conclusion to be
drawn from this is that whenever the media reports on something I
*don't* know much about, it's just as full of logical holes, lies,
distortions, hype, and mistakes. Perhaps a worse effect is that people
who realize this tend to think that virtually everything the media says is wrong by default.
Perhaps it's all a lost cause when people in a college class can see
how George W. Bush might be Plato's Democrat, but not how Al Gore
might just as easily be Plato's tyrant. ("I'm for the people, not the
powerful," for example.) The first assertion was praised by the
students. The second apparently required more mental wattage than the
students were capable of putting out. Both were made by students.
Perhaps one of the Four (or however many there are now) Horsemen
should be the Horseman of Stupidity. Another should be the Horseman of
Apathy. A copy of the latest contribution of "Dark Horse" follows:
No. I'd say that you're doing a fine job making a fool out of
yourself. Ah, of course. I can see how that is necessary for so simple a man. Judging by your grammar, I apparently speak it much better than you
do. (If I'm allowed to say how, the answer is: "Yes, use a web browser, or
do it manually using telnet if that's your thing. Duh.")
Sniff it, get it via social engineering, trojan their
machine... Please, quit chewing on your duodenum.
I'm waiting for a complete sentence.

@_date: 2000-09-19 19:18:29
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The Dark Horse of Intellect Rides Again 
*slap* Now I'm doing it. It must be osmosis or something. I'm also
aware that I'm nitpicking in both these posts.
I should have added "and 'no; in intermediate cases such as dusk or
dawn."  Either way, the point is that English and most, if not all,
languages I'm aware of have this particular problem. Some artificial
languages, such as Lojban, tend to discourage this by, among other
things, requiring or encouraging the respondant to restate the true
portion of the statement.

@_date: 2000-09-30 20:01:00
@_author: David Marshall 
@_subject: CDR: Re: none 
Babylons One, Two, and Three were sabotaged and destroyed. Babylon
Four disappeared twenty-four hours after becoming operational. In
2260, it was discovered that Babylon Four was pulled back in time more
than one thousand years to aid in the First Great War. Babylon Five
was scuttled around 2282; there would never be another. We know nothing of Babylon Ten.
