
@_date: 2001-01-15 18:19:53
@_author: Mary_Ellen_Zurko@iris.com 
@_subject: NSPW 2001 CFP 
Call For Papers
                  New Security Paradigms Workshop 2001
                    An ACM/SIGSAC sponsored workshop
                         11 - 13 September 2001
                       Cloudcroft, New Mexico, USA
                           2001 is the tenth anniversary of the New Security Paradigms Workshop
(NSPW), which has provided a productive and highly interactive forum for
innovative new approaches to computer security. The workshop offers a
constructive environment where experienced researchers and practitioners
work alongside newer participants in the field.  The result is a unique
opportunity to exchange ideas. NSPW 2001 will take place September 11 -
13, 2001 at the Cloudcroft Lodge, Cloudcroft, New Mexico, 20 miles from
Alamogordo/White Sands.
In order to preserve the small, focused nature of the workshop,
participation is limited to authors of accepted papers and conference
organizers. Because we expect new paradigms we accept wide-ranging
topics in information security. Any paper that presents a significant
shift in thinking about difficult security issues or builds on a
previous shift is welcomed.
NSPW is highly interactive in nature. Authors are encouraged to present
ideas that might be considered risky in some other forum. All
participants are charged with providing feedback in a constructive
manner. The resulting brainstorming environment has proven to be an
excellent medium for furthering the development of these ideas. Many
authors have mentioned that they received more useful feedback and ideas
than from any other conference. The proceedings, published after the
workshop, have consistently benefited from the inclusion of workshop
What makes a paper acceptable for NSPW? While we reject plenty of
excellent papers that would do very well at other venues, our eclectic
program committee particularly looks for new paradigms, innovative
approaches to older problems, early thinking on new topics that are not
necessarily fully polished, and controversial issues that might not make
it into other conferences but deserve to have their try at shaking and
breaking the mold. Conversely, a great paper that does not have a new
paradigm, does not challenge the status quo, or does not critique an
older paradigm will almost certainly get rejected.
To participate, please submit your paper, justification, and attendance
statement, preferably via e-mail, to both Program Chairs -- Brenda
Timmerman  and Darrell Kienzle
