
@_date: 2011-05-30 17:30:59
@_author: Masashi Nishihata 
@_subject: [liberationtech] The Emergence of Open and Organized Pro-Government 
Citizen Lab Senior Researcher Helmi Noman and the Information Warfare  Monitor have released a detailed report on the activities of the Syrian Electronic Army.
Since the beginning of the popular uprisings and protests in the Middle East and North Africa, events in the region have been characterized by increased contestation in cyberspace among regime sympathizers, governments, and opposition movements. One component of this contestation is the tendency among governments and networks of citizens supportive of the state to use offensive computer network attacks. Such tactics are supplements to legal, regulatory, and other controls, and technical forms of Internet censorship.
For example, a group known as the Iranian Cyber Army has defaced Twitter and Iranian opposition websites. Also, Tunisian political activists and Yemeni oppositional websites have both accused their government security organizations of launching attacks on their sites in an attempt to silence their message and deny access to their content.
In this report, we document the activities of the Syrian Electronic Army, which appears to be a case of an open and organized pro-government computer attack group that is actively targeting political opposition and Western websites. Our aim is to assess to what extent we can find evidence of Syrian government assistance for the attack groups, and what the significance of the attacks themselves are for civil society and cyberspace See the full post here: Masashi Nishihata
Research Manager, Citizen Lab
Munk School of Global Affairs
University of Toronto
e: masashi at kmdi.utoronto.ca
w: liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
