
@_date: 2002-08-01 15:12:50
@_author: Matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: 15 ways to start your first email 
Does your first impression thrill or kill? Add some kick to your conversation by... more
Member Spotlight
Meet our featured members:
3 lessons for dirty dates One guy stabs his poultry; another laps libations like Lassie. Would your date's table manners make Miss Manners swoon?
matchTravel.com: Get carried away
You have received this email because you selected to receive Match.com updates and information when you registered. To unsubscribe, go to  log in,
and un-check "Newsletter."
Copyright 1993-2002 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-07-02 17:55:22
@_author: matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: Question: What do women really think 
Fireworks Finesse  With July 4th in hot pursuit, celebrate the freedom to find summer love with a fast and easy Quick Search!  A sizzling romance will keep your fireworks alive long after July has passed. And don't forget: Match.com Messenger connects you instantly with other quality singles!  Take a tour today.
URL:  URL: URL:  Tips: Tour: FAQ: Home: QuickSearch: Member Spotlight
GreatCatch4UNow     I am secure, confident and caring.
Israeli_hottie    I am not looking to change anybody.
What does THAT mean?
Check your matches today and look for the Message Me Now icon. That's your cue to fire up Match Messenger and start honing those online flirting skills. Find your match and make an instant connection now.
URL: URL: FEATURES  Turning women on: What you need to know
Nothing seems to be working. When you ask women out, they say they're doing laundry.  That's when you have to
   more URL: True Stories
I decided to subscribe and actively search for love online, so into the cyber-dating circle I went. I chatted a bit with a few men, met three in person, and then came Steve
URL: URL: Cycle Ireland with Match.com and REI Adventures
Join REI and Match.com on a unique biking adventure through the finest scenery in Ireland, August 29th through September 7th. You and fifteen other Match singles will
URL:  Add sizzle and spice to your summer plans
Come celebrate single life this summer at Club Med Cancun's Mix and Match Bash presented by Match.com, July 25th through 28th. From intense Safe Dating Tip  Exercise caution and common sense Careful, well-thought decisions generally lead to better results in dating, and this is certainly true with online dating too. Guard against
more URL:  Visit Match.com, the world's largest online dating community. You've received this bulletin as a subscriber to the Match.com newsletter. To UNSUBSCRIBE, log in to Match.com, select My Account, and choose Match.com Newsletter under MY EMAIL OPTIONS.
Copyright 1993-2002 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-07-10 14:11:20
@_author: matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: Learn the lines the ladies love 
Electronic Romance It's always best to temper cyberspace romance with a dose of good old-fashioned reality. While searching for online amour, keep in mind the profiles without photos. Did you run across one that made you laugh so hard tears streamed down your face? Give blind love a chance, contact a member without a photo, it may be the investment of a lifetime!
URL:  URL: Tips: Tour: FAQ: Home: QuickSearch: Member Spotlight
allsmilesoveryou I wear my heart out on my sleeve.
Playmateforreal Superwoman - Can you handle her?
Get the most from Match.com Messenger
Every time you log on to Match.com, be sure to launch Match.com Messenger and leave it running.
Why? With Match.com Messenger running on your computer, even after you leave the site, members who want to make an instant connection with you will see that you're available. Take a tour and learn more today!
URL: FEATURES  Go from cheese ball to smooth operator
We all have our Top 10 list of pick-up lines that make us cringe. Here's 6 great ways to say "I think I'd like to get to know you," that won't send them running. more URL: True Stories
I subscribed and started emailing different people, received positive responses and met some really nice people. Then I found more
URL: URL: Cycle Ireland with Match.com and REI Adventures
Join REI and Match.com on a exclusive biking adventure through the lush scenery of Ireland. You and fifteen other Match singles will
URL:  Safe Dating Tip  Meet when YOU are ready
Meeting and greeting electronically makes anyone feel a bit insulated. Exercise a little common sense when it comes to meeting in more URL:  Visit Match.com, the world's largest online dating community. You've received this bulletin as a subscriber to the Match.com newsletter. To UNSUBSCRIBE, log in to Match.com, select My Account, and choose Match.com Newsletter under MY EMAIL OPTIONS.
Copyright 1993-2002 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-07-18 12:56:47
@_author: Matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: 8 tips: Get more responses 
Love Bytes
8 tips: Get more responses                                                          Does your profile attract or fall flat? These eight basic steps can help your profile stand out from the rest, get you more clicks, and... Member Spotlight
Meet our featured members:
TomCat123   3 quick tricks to start a romance
Cycle Ireland with MatchTravel and REI Adventures
LoveBytes, Match.com's weekly newsletter, offers valuable tips to find romance. Uncheck the "Newsletter" box under My Email Options to discontinue receipt. Copyright 1993-2002 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-07-27 00:49:49
@_author: Matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: New ways to find friends and meet your match 
When your best lines leave you lonely, try something new! Put the moves on the sexy singles you'll find with our newest personality search!
 Member Spotlight
Meet our featured members:
Iaspire   Increase your crushes: Go global
 Get carried away with MatchTravel
You have received this email because you selected to receive Match.com updates and information when you registered. To unsubscribe, go to  log in,
and un-check "Newsletter."
Copyright 1993-2002 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-06-13 12:36:03
@_author: matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: Live longer, love longer at Match.com 
Wrap yourself in friends
When was the last time you made a few new friends? A new study suggests you'll live a little longer with an expanded social circle! Match.com isn't just for finding romance, why not make a few new friends in your journey for love? Try a personality search today and seek out someone to share your dating woes with, you'll live longer.
URL: Tips: Tour: FAQ: Home: QuickSearch: Member Spotlight virtually_yours  I look great in heels, but love to relax in jeans.
 ID=4847454B4D4647&Bannerid=512583
My personality is outgoing and vivacious  FEATURES  25 things guys want to ask
Here and now, for all the world to see, Ted Kluck feels compelled to reveal all the questions men have crawling around in their heads  more URL: True Stories
We met on Match.com and after subscribing we emailed each other for about a month. After another month of speaking on the phone, we finally decided to meet. From the moment I met him
URL: URL:  REMOVE FOR UK
Make dating an adventure
We have amazing trips planned for you!  Seek out a summer tryst and boost your sense of adventure with match-travel... more URL: Play it safe! Careful, well-thought decisions generally lead to better results in dating, and this is certainly true with online dating too. Guard against trusting the untrustworthy. Any suitor must earn your trust gradually, through consistently more URL:  Visit Match.com , the world's largest online dating community. You've received this bulletin as a subscriber to the Match.com newsletter. To UNSUBSCRIBE, log in to Match.com, select My Account, and choose Match.com Newsletter under MY EMAIL OPTIONS.
Copyright 1993-2001 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-06-19 17:17:20
@_author: matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: Have you tried Match.com Messenger? 
Kissable Karma
You've heard it before: "What goes around comes around."  That means you'll never find a date if you wait around for people to contact you!  Make a move that matters and meet singles that match your personality!  Then connect instantly with Match.com Messenger!
URL: URL: Tips: Tour: FAQ: Home: QuickSearch: Member Spotlight NatureBoylookin  In the future I plan on moving to the mountains.
Medicine_Chick I very much value balance in all things.
 &Bannerid=512584
Announcing Match.com Messenger!
Make instant connections with Match.com Messenger - a fun and easy way way to communicate instantly with other Match.com members who are online now!  Take a tour and discover instant URL: FEATURES  12 hot tips for winning profiles
If you're struggling to create your free member profile or reinvent your old one, consider our 12 hot tips to make your profile sizzle
 more URL  True Stories
I had tried other dating services on- and offline but had found little success until I subscribed to Match.com. Connie and I emailed for a few months and before we
 more
URL: Cycle Ireland with Match.com and REI Adventures
REI and Match.com invite you to join us on a unique biking adventure through some of the finest scenery in Ireland, August 29th through September 7th. You and fifteen other Match singles will  URL:  Add sizzle and spice to your summer plans
Come celebrate your single life this summer at Club Med Cancun's Mix and Match Bash presented by Match.com, July 25th through 28th. From intense Play it safe! Watch out for someone who seems too good to be true. Begin by communicating solely via email. Be on the lookout for
more URL:  Visit Match.com , the world's largest online dating community. You've received this bulletin as a subscriber to the Match.com newsletter. To UNSUBSCRIBE, log in to Match.com, select My Account, and choose Match.com Newsletter under MY EMAIL OPTIONS.
Copyright 1993-2001 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.

@_date: 2002-06-26 20:31:26
@_author: matchnews@match.com 
@_subject: What would you say to the perfect Match? 
All over allure Summer dating is about to get competitive! What are you doing to stay scintillating to singles?
Have your updated your free profile? Have you tried a quick search? Are you checking those matches from Venus? Hop to it today, and get your social calendar packed!
URL: URL:  URL: Tips: Tour: FAQ: Home: QuickSearch: Member Spotlight
Go_N_Places It would be cool to meet a like-minded lady
LittleMsMuffet Frightened of spiders and other icky stuff
More singles use Match.com Messenger!
Since the recent launch of Match.com Messenger - a fun and easy way to communicate instantly with other Match.com members - more and more singles are meeting their match!  Take a tour and discover instant romance!
URL: FEATURES  15 ways to start your first email
It's the moment of truth. You've spotted the perfect member, and you're ready to make contact. You open up the email, address the message, choose a flirty subject line and
  more URL  True Stories
I decided to subscribe and actively search for love online at Match.com, so into the cyber-
dating circle I went. I chatted a bit with a few men, met three in person, and then
 more
URL: URL: Cycle Ireland with Match.com and REI Adventures
Join REI and Match.com on a unique biking adventure through the finest scenery in Ireland, August 29th through September 7th. You and fifteen other Match singles will  URL:  Add sizzle and spice to your summer plans
Come celebrate single life this summer at Club Med Cancun's Mix and Match Bash presented by Match.com, July 25th through 28th. From intense Guard your anonymity All correspondence between Match.com members takes place through our double-blind email system.
Never include your last name, real email address, home address, phone number, place
more URL:  Visit Match.com , the world's largest online dating community. You've received this bulletin as a subscriber to the Match.com newsletter. To UNSUBSCRIBE, log in to Match.com, select My Account, and choose Match.com Newsletter under MY EMAIL OPTIONS.
Copyright 1993-2001 Match.com, Inc. Match.com and the radiant heart are registered trademarks of Match.com, Inc.
