
@_date: 1994-04-18 11:25:54
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
Some 3 years ago the Swedish legislation made it taxable to profit from
a private buy-sell art transaction (above a certain profit-percentage, around 50). Art prices fell to 0.25 but that included the general recession
of the time (that has not yet recovered, art is still bad business - or
a buyers market). See how easy it was to launder money in the 80's: buy
a piece of cheap art - 'give' your dirty money to an 'art collector' who then
buys it from you at an inflated price and just stores it - who is to tell
the value of art? - and the 'collector' is of course a fall-guy with his
office in his pockets and no permanent address (except the racing track).
Funny, even now I always see a lot of art dealers at the tracks...(trotting
is the big thing over here). Buying a winning coupon is still very safe.
For a $10000-range one you pay an extra 10%, for bigger ones 5%.

@_date: 1994-04-20 04:41:51
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Side question on money laundering... 
Perhaps not yet on the Internet but there sure is a lot of ascii-interfaced net.gambling going on internationally. The best example might be the currency market. The major Swedish telecom supplier Telia (until some years ago a monopoly like Ma Bell) recently entered a two-
page ad in the biggest papers boasting of their bandwidth capacity ("we already have what the US is planning"). As an example of the usefulness
of this technical superiority they announced that Stockholm players on the fast-moving net.markets had some 3-second lead in certain areas that could mean a lot of opportunities.

@_date: 1994-04-22 03:00:12
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Pearl Harbor 
(about the strategical impact of codebraking in WWII)
With some effort I found that book deep inside my private library.
By Anthony Cave Brown, 1975. It has been a while since I read it but
I recollect that it is a straightforward tale of spying and deception
incidents without much of a critical analysis.
For those who want to read a rather different conclusion (i.e. negative)
regarding the importance of the spooks in WWII (and whatever) I warmly The Second Oldest Profession
by Phillip Knightley, 1986.
Some quotes from the cover description:
He shows how, once it had gained a toehold within a single government
bureaucracy, the espionage industry expanded remorselessly and firmly
established itself at the very heart of the modern state.
Do they make any difference - even in wartime?
Over the years intelligence work has probably attracted more con-men,
fantasists and sheer incompetents than any other field of human endeavour and, stripped of their mystique, the secret world and the
antics of its inhabitants are as much the stuff of farce as of

@_date: 1994-04-25 10:26:18
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Clipper Session Key 
How do two Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack/Teressa units agree on a session key without compromising it to the bad guys tapping the line? If not known outside of the NSA, what possible solutions are there?

@_date: 1994-04-28 06:34:12
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Spy Satellite Resolution 
A previous poster suggested 1 inch with the latest technology on a clear day. In any case this has grave implications for the privacy in outdoor activities like under-the-sky-copulation. A simple protection is available: a heat source to produce chaotic air turbulence. A campfire?

@_date: 1994-08-11 04:14:11
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: DTB - grim for recreational spies 
The Digital Telephony Bill states up to 15 years in jail
for unauthorized tapping of wireless telephony. It seems
that the EFF puts this on the plus side, as an example of
the enhanced rights to privacy in the Bill. I have a problem
with this approach. In presence of strong crypto, would even
alligator clipping have to be outlawed? (Hidden microphones
and other intrusions inside your estate is obviously another
The present state of affairs in many countries (including .se),
that the Ether is free to listen to and with no restrictions
as to what electronic devices (possibly except for weaponry) a
free citizen can construct, seems fair to me. Want privacy
in the all-surrounding electromagnetic spectrum? Use crypto.
If an enterprise expects money for the use of their airwaves they
will have to outsmart the pirates.
Here they recently outlawed the selling/distribution (haven't read the actual text) of pirate cable-TV decoders, but not the building or possession of such devices (thanks Mammon, saves me $100 a month).
Even this legislation seems an example of unnecessary government
obtrusion to me. It should not be the business of government to
protect crypto-incompetent private enterprise from loosing money.
And 15 years in jail? Scary, in any case totally out of proportion.
(I cannot yet really believe that the EFF has been involved in this,
being an overseas paying supporter since 2 years. If it comes out
true I will go the way of Mr May - out.)
Mats

@_date: 1994-08-12 06:57:42
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Health Care Privacy Alert 
Yes, this is a lesson history tells us. But maybe, theoretically, strong
crypto could make a change. Nested information with keys known only to
parties with legitimate interest in a specific info layer and the master
key only known to the patient and programs for self destruction (including
backups) of data no longer needed. I repeat, theoretically that is.

@_date: 1994-08-13 12:42:34
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Why Cash is So Important 
Yes, but...  An insurance company would hardly accept a totally
anonymous agent as a customer, for obvious reasons (how would they
know that the agent was paid for by the body needing repair and not
used for an unfortunate uninsured friend?). Now, if there was only
one insurance agency thad had to pay for everyone anyway, that
agency wouldn't have to trust the patients, 'only' the doctors (to
deliver the true figures of their care production) and so wouldn't
necessarily have to be given the identities of patients. Such a
system has other implications not belonging in this discussion but
this is just to show that no simle rules apply.
(In the present situation all insurance companies are so mixed up
with each other in reinsurances that in a way they are a single entity.)
Yes, since doctors are not to be trusted the ultimate payer needs
records. So they get to know that unit SSN XYZ has been given treatment
amounting to DRG (Diagnose Related Group - the system widely used by
insurance entities to equalize and minimize costs, which can be used by
doctors to 'diagnose' mostly the profitable entries) 384 (abortion,
spontaneous or provocated - detailed like this to enable easy record-
raiding by the DRG police, I guess).
Crypto no use? Perhaps, but ... Suppose those Central Records
are encrypted in layers. The DRG Paymasters have the key to the
outermost layer so they can read: A patient, anon-9Aq7r, was
treated by dr Bob Livingstone for DRG-New XY, where XY only points
to the costs without diagnose, at a specified date. They pay Joe
what they owe him. If they suspect him of grand fraud he is asked to reveal the key to the next layer, where the identity (no SNN needed,
only name and address) of Alice is in the open. The Paymasters
can now ask Alice if she was treated by Bob Livingstone at the
specified date. If they suspect Bob of salting his bills they
have to ask a court for permission to request his second key,
further opening the records to reveal DRG-Old 384, making it possible
to check with Alice if she was treated for abortion, spontaneous  or (e g AND) provocated. If they suspect Alice of collaborating
with Bob in a scam they have to ask another (higher) court for
permission to request Alice's key, the only key to open the actual
treatment records (if these are falsified, well...).
This scheme is not a proposal, I just thought it up for the moment,
and has several obvious flaws. Like if Alice lies when the Paymasters
approach her, or just says 'no comment' or refuses to give away her
key. But some scheme might be possible that at least makes it more
difficult for the ultimate payer to invade privacy, still keeping
an eye on money-hungry doctors. One problem with cash here is of course the high costs of helth care,
making it necessary for almost everybody to be insured if they are
not suicidal or willing to gamble their lifes. Another problem is the
unconsious-patient situation - or half-consious, might be hard to
remember the password to the e$ anonymous account. These are general arguments. I have no opinion in the specific case
of the NHCP, a very domestic US discussion.

@_date: 1994-08-15 03:18:08
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Seeking Clipper/Telephone Cost Estimates 
I strongly object to police using my tax money to pay stool-pigeons.
The possible benefits of this system are heavily outweighed by the
drawbacks (police fraud, false accusations, benefits for despicable
(Even more revolting is the system of police enticing people to
commit crimes - stinges- and then prosecuting them. This seems to
be such an everyday occurence in the US but I have seen very little
opposition to it on the net. Can it be that growing up with such a
system makes it seem fair? Many USAns don't even seem to know that
such police tactics are forbidden in many European countries - and
crimes commited after such enticements certainly not prosecutable.)
Mats

@_date: 1994-08-19 03:23:10
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: 15 years! 
About the EFF Wiretap Bill:
I commented on this before but feel like repeating myself: So an alt.2600
tec-addict makes some hardware hacks on his cellular - and gets 15 years
in the slammer for catching some airwaves. A punishment scale suggestive of a very repressive state! And why outlawing it in the first place? What
is crypto for?

@_date: 1994-02-11 06:10:29
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
If you are interested, try CNN (if you can find out how to decode the scrambled cable waves).

@_date: 1994-02-11 06:49:54
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
That is truly amazing. Are there no laws against libel of groups such as ethnic or racial agitation? Can you write 'all niggers are pedophiles' or 'every single Catholic father of a teenage girl has proved to be incestuous' and get away with it?

@_date: 1994-02-18 05:11:05
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: killfiles 
Are there any killfiles for mail around? I mean like scripts for killing selected 'from's in Mail,Elm or, hopefully, Pine?

@_date: 1994-02-23 08:10:15
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Disinformation (or the Truth?) About Clipper 
Please do! Anything about Sweden? I saw some message a few days back mentioning that .uk and .se allegedly had applied for Country Family Keys. My first thaught was that this belonged to the disinformation campaign... There has been zero public information about that here.

@_date: 1994-02-26 02:16:07
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: inept spy 
Has anyone from the spook world really suggested that the Ames case has any relevance to Clipper?? A CIA agent using external non standard encryption for his private communications would be like a courteous Mats B

@_date: 1994-01-24 10:12:05
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Digital Barter Economy 
But this trick was said to work in Portugal sometime between the wars.
Some counterfeiters got access to the printing devices used by the
Waterlow Bank in London, the official printers of Portugese money at
the time. The Portugese economy, obviously in need of more money on the
market, prospered. (Source: verbally from a certain Mr Waterlow, grandson
of the betrayed banker, Rome 1972.)

@_date: 1994-01-26 11:07:11
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: quote of the day 
The effects of the classic truth drug thiopentale (Pentotale) are widely known by anesthesiologists and their nurses, although other drugs with
faster elimination (meaning you can drive your car home after some ours)
are replacing it as drug of choice for anesthetic initiation. If you
inject a sub-anesthetic dose of Pentotale the subject will become loose
in his associations and frequently offer his deeper feelings about
the situation to the audience (in the operating theatre) without being asked
to do so. Pentotale and other barbiturates have also been used in special
psychiatric treatment programs to induce loquaciousness and emotional
openness (at the moment very out of fashion). Most of these effects are
not very different from those of alcohol, we all know the overfriendly
wino, and can certainly be withheld by a determined non-talker. The same
goes for benzodiazepines (like Valium). But you usually do forget a lot
about it afterwards. Amphetamines can also make the subject very, very
friendly but not against his will and you don't forget about it. Opiates
obviously are bad choices making the subjects carefree but uncooperative.
Anti-depressives and anti-psychotic drugs also have no theoretical
Some hallucinogens might be better choices though, at least as weapons
of torture making you talk just to be spared the next shot. Publically
known hallucinogens like LSD are well known to produce states of ultimate
terror if given to uncooperative subjects at the 'wrong' time. True
hallucinogens like (high dose) atropine might be even more effective. Many
synthetic psychodelic drugs started their career in anesthesiology but
were quickly abandoned because of psychic side effects. One of the weirdest
is still used sometimes (being extremely friendly to weak hearts and lungs):
ketamine. Basically the patient on ketamine can be awake during the operation
but in a state of utter confusion through selective disruptions of associative brain channels. My educated guess is that if serious work is
going on trying to find a truth drug, ketamine-related substances are studied
intensely. Anyway, there is no perfect drug that just make you say the truth
and then forget about it. And there never will be. And the polygraph is Mats Bergstrom

@_date: 1994-01-27 03:42:13
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Packwood Memorial Diary Server 
In The Hacker Crackdown by Bruce Sterling there is a very short summary of
a speech by Donn Parker, presumably The Great Bald Eagle Of Computer Crime,
at a secutity conference. He had mentioned Phantom Nodes on the Internet as
a possible future 'problem'. I guess this might be related.

@_date: 1994-07-01 06:21:58
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: What motivates crypto-folk? 
I don't think mayists should be categorized as ultra right-wingers.
Save that epithet for those in favour of both unrestricted market
capitalism AND a strong government and judicical system to keep
the small guys in leashs, sort of an oligarchy and very far from
anarchy. And I don't think any ultra left-wingers are lurking on
cypherpunks. That epithet should be saved for people believing in
strong military-style bureaucracies to implement 'equality' but,
as we all know, this is just another form of oligarchy, far from
anarchy (and historically separated from anarchy in the 19th
century). One thing these two fringe beliefs have in common is
the trust in gun barrels for political power.
There is a way to privacy (through crypto-anarchy) separated
from unrestricited anarcho-capitalism that might be defined as
more to the left (depending on your semantics of course).
I don't have a good name for it, but a vision. Taxation only
of hardware (in a broad sense) production might be enforcable
in spite of strong crypto and could pay for a minimal standard
of living for all citizens of an industrialized country-unit
(at least if population growth stops) including the lame or
lazy. And some environmental issues are too important to be
decided by private enterprise. National parks do not have to
cost anything if we just decide that unexploited land is not
to be owned by anyone (well, the present owners will be poorer
but every political change has it's victims).
But such a pinko-green approach to privacy does not, and should
not in my humble opinion, have to extend to public funding of
education, libraries, minorities, arts, infobahns or other soft
issues. And it gives no one a right to pry into my software
collection or drug cabinet.
Mats Bergstrom

@_date: 1994-07-06 07:11:36
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Kevin Mitnik 
FBI HUNT FOR HACKER
        Kevin Mitnick is wanted by the FBI for suspicion of software and
data theft from leading telecom manufacturers and service providers. Among
his victims have been MCI and Digital Equipment. An ex-convict, Mitnick was
described by one judge as having an "addiction problem" with computers,
similar to a drug or gambling addiction. During a six-month treatment
program he was prohibited from touching a computer or a modem, but the
treatment seems to have failed, and one detective says: "I've always
considered him dangerous. I had to go underground. If he targets you, he
can make your life miserable." (New York Times 7/4/94 A1)
Years ago I read a 'hacker-book' that had a long section about the
activities of Mr Mitnick in the 80's ('Zero' something?). I no nothing
of his present doings. Some questions:
Is Mr Mitnick a dangerous selfish criminal egomaniac whom every good guy
immediately should turn over to the FBI if identified?
Or/and is Mr Mitnick the closest live equivalent of the hero in
'Shockwave Rider'?
Mats Bergstrom

@_date: 1994-06-13 10:18:15
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: DNA 
Databases of fingerprints and retina-images might still have a future
for specialized applications but DNA-typing (why not on a simple blood
sample at birth) combined with a fixed social security number valid for
life will probably become a widely used method for governments to control
the identity of their serfs. Even without legislation stating compulsory
testing of all citizens there are great possibilities with this method.
Serologic tests for various reasons (i.e. HIV, rubella in pregnancy etc)
are routinely performed on a majority of the population in developed
countries. These samples are usually frozen and saved for decades (for
the purpose of comparison if the individual should fall ill; and for
research if something might get interesting) at most laboratries. DNA-
analysis efter thawing is no big deal with modern techniques. So if one
is planning to commit hideous crimes in the future, or if one has other
reasons to maintain DNA privacy, one should demand that blood samples
taken from oneself are destroyed after testing (alternatively take the
tests under a pseudonym).
Unfortunately there is no known method of encrypting one's DNA code
in situ but hopefully they will safely (in escrow?) encrypt it in
the databanks. For most purposes a cheapish imprint (sort of a hash
function) of an individual's DNA code will suffice, i.e. for secure
identification. Longer strains of code will give additional information
on the person's genetic dispositions of course (until now only for physical
diseases and risk factors but coding relating to schizophrenia and
psychopathy are expected Real Soon - the science of molecular biology
is in an exponential phase). For such an extended analysis it is, at
least for some more years, not enough with a frozen blood sample for
serologic testing or a blood/semen-stain from the clothes of a victim
but culturable cell-lines are necessary.
These observations were provoked by the following forwarded letter:
     DNA DATABANKS & REPOSITORIES will be presented 4-5 November 1994 at
     the Sheraton Inn Midway, St Paul Minnesota, USA.
     SPONSORS: Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the American
     Registry of Pathology.
     GENERAL INFORMATION: AFIP Education Dept. (INT), 14th & Alaska Avenue,
     NW, Washington, DC, 20306-6000 USA; (301)427-5231; FAX (301)427-5001;
     or INTERNET: LOWTHER at email.afip.osd.mil
     CONTENT: DNA typing of biologic tissues and fluids has revolutionized
     criminalistics.  This technology is so powerful that over one half of
     all states have legislatively mandated the creation of DNA databanks
     and repositories for law enforcement purposes with other states
     considerating the same.  The passage of the federal DNA Identification
     Act will bolster the growth of these databanks.  DNA repositories also
     have been established for military remains identification, for
     scientific human geneic diversity studies, and for numerous public
     health reasons.  This is the third national conference devoted
     strictly to the establishment of DNA databanks and repositories.
        This conference is designed to be a practical discussion on the
     creation and the set-up of DNA databanks/repositories, focusing on
     forensic identification.  It is intended for DNA repository directors,
     policy makers, and administrators considerating establishment of a DNA
     collections program, and other interested persons.  Lectures will be
     presented on current state sex offender databanks, the FBI's National
     DNA Index, the DNA Identification Act, practical aspects of databank
     setup and administration, and the associated legal and ethical issues.
     Convictions based on the Minnesota State DNA Database will be featured
     and a tour of the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension's facility
     will be conducted.         (English)
     COURSE DIRECTOR:
      Victor W. Weedn, LTC, MC, USC
     TUITION:  $220.

@_date: 1994-06-13 18:47:31
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: DNA 
There is no DNA in hair or sweat but surely in larger skin
flakes. These are mostly very dead cells though making
analysis difficult but not impossible, if lucky, with current
techniques. Corresponding hair could be used for testing
accumulated levels of recreational drugs of cource.
Fortunately there will be no remains of your crypto key
(unless you based it upon your DNA code...).

@_date: 1994-06-13 18:58:33
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: DNA 
Duncan Frissell wrote about software agents out of government control:
Unless we completely lose the war for privacy and will have to show our
retinas to a scanner to be able to access any net (with an identification
attached to all our communications) you are right, I hope. But flesh
agents need privacy too. Imagine Singapore collecting DNA imprints of
all their citizens (and all visitors at custom control) then sweeping
the streets for saliva every morning at 3am and whipping the flesh of all
In my country we are all issued a unique software agent at birth i the
format: YYMMDDxxxy where y is a check for authenticity (to make it
harder faking a number I guess) in the following way: YYMMDDxxx are
alternately multiplied by 2 or 1 such as 2xY,1xY,2xX,... A result of
10 or more is treated like 1+0 to get a number not higher than 9. Then
all the results are added and the sum is subtracted from the nearest
higher power of 10 to get y (if the sum is an even power of 10 you get
10 transforming to 1+0=0). xxx are chosen so as to identify a male by
y=even and a female by y=odd (y=0 identifies...eh, I forgot, not a
hermaphrodite though). Hope this helps if you would ever like to use
a 'personal' agent in this jurisdiction! Take care not to use one which
is already occupied since that could cause great trouble for the original
holder (or make him rich?). Plenty of clercs have access to some
database where this can be checked though, no problem, but I don't
know how long it would take for a particular database to find out
that your agent has no former history. Disregarding the trivial task
of faking another true identity the system is not easy to beat on this
level. So I look forward to making my transactions in digicash over
a phantom node on the net, through a free anonymous agent. For reasons
of privacy.

@_date: 1994-06-19 19:40:42
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: self-serving bureaucracy 
This is a truth not limited to the US. The English spy analyst Phillip Knightley has dwelled a lot on this subject in his books, especially
in 'The Second Oldest Profession' (from the early-mid 80's) which, in
my opinion, gives an excellent historical background to the rise of
government intelligence agencies as the means of livelihood for hordes
of slightly odd academic personalities that otherwise might have had a
hard time finding employment.
Mats B.

@_date: 1994-03-01 10:57:06
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Freehdom Isn`t Freeh 
This is not fair! But couldn't a network provider hire all it's users for 1 dollar a year and deduct the employees' communications expenses from their salaries (making the net salary negative) thus keeping the network corporate and private?

@_date: 1994-03-11 09:54:26
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Puzzle Palace 
And I would like to know if there is a recent issue of The Puzzle Palace and if so, where. I have problems negotiating for it at Stockholm bookstores, they have been stalling for several months. Thank you.

@_date: 1994-03-14 07:45:50
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Other Spy Agencies 
There has still been zero in the Swedish public media about Clipper. I have introduced the subject in the national Fido echo about datacomm, including the unconfirmed information that .se (together with .uk) is
one of the first external countries to apply for a KF. (Swedish Fidonet sysops seem to long for CALLER-ID, which has been postponed here for  reasons of privacy, to keep track of their users. Wouldn't this also be beneficial for traffic analysis?) Cryptology in Sweden is probably centerer to the Forsvarets Radioanstalt ('Radio Agency of the Defense') which is as secretive about it's methods as any letter agency. Not until recently did it become known that they compromised the German G-printer during WWII. The teleprinter lines between occupied Norway and Denmark went through Sweden and the traffic was encrypted with this Enigma-like machine (I don't know exactly but it had about ten wheels that had to
match in adjustment plus an extra level consisting of cables from the wheelhouse that could be set differently to twist the output). The crack was done all by himself by one legendary genius called Beurling using only pencil and paper. It took him two weeks from the day they picked him up at the university (mathematician of course). After the war he took the former seat of Einstein at the Princeton University but fell into obscurity (allegedly he had serious personal problems). Regardless of being neutral the Swedish Defence has cooperated with USA in covering the Russian's radio traffic from the 40's until now. I'm sure they got something back (more than RSA which is in the public domain). At the moment I have some probes out to laywers to establish the status of the Swedish cryptology laws (if any). A curiosity: The electromagnetic spectrum is considered free here, contrary to most European countries, meaning for example that pirate decoders for TV sattelite transmissions are legal. This will probably change when Sweden, unfortunately, soon enters the European Community.

@_date: 1994-03-14 08:38:03
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Agency Whose Name May Not Be Spoken 
Yeah, I wonder what Jason Bourne is up to these days. If you can track him you would probably get close to where the real action is.

@_date: 1994-05-13 15:56:40
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Implications of Strong Cryptography 
A 100+ years ago the anarchists (Kropotkin et al) were ousted from the
mainstream socialist movement (Marx et al) mainly because they opposed
strong government. Some years later came a decade of freak murders of several heads of state and other prominent persons by disillusioned
anarchists. The image of anarchist = mad assassin has stayed in public
mind ever since and will most probably not change in the near future.
The original anarchists (tm) strongly denounced not only capitalism
but private ownership of everything but your most intimate belongings
(and perhaps your house, this was discussed a lot). There are still
(dis)organized remnants of the traditional anarchistic movement around,
at least in Europe. All this makes the term anarcho-capitalism rather
difficult to interpret. Crypto-anarchy, if not more of a joke, might
share a similar fate and forever associate to mad/criminal hacking
instead of liberty by cipher.
This is true for a literal interpretation of the word, freed of recent
historical ballast. Or perhaps my knowledge of the English language is
failing me. There might be a big difference between anarchy and anarchism.
Anyway, in spite of interpretational difficulties, I welcome the rebirth of
anarchism, the political passion of my youth, through strong crypto.

@_date: 1994-09-03 17:35:58
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Credentials, Reputations, and Anonymity 
Just some thoughts (I haven't done much reading or thinking on these issues so possibly this is just to show how little I understand): No, one gets a receipt and keys to the car when paying (in whatever way) and drives away in the purchase. The receipt can be one-way anonymous and the car can be paid for in paper cash. (Then there are problems of
registration and insurance interfering with anonymity, not relevant to
what is discussed here). If necessary I can prove in court that I bought
the car, showing the receipt (in theory still anonymously).
Now, if I want to pay for the car in on-line cash I guess I could
connect to my anonymous bank account with my private key, transfer
the money to a bank account of the seller's choice, his bank giving my
bank a receipt, and drive away in my new car.
So, when buying hardware I only have to trust the digital banking system,
not the seller? Well, if the seller is anonymous to his bank also, what
can be proved is only that anonX paid anonY the sum Z (or possibly
what the purchase was about - a description of the merchandise - if the
seller instructed his bank to sign this into the receipt). What if the
seller reveales his identity to a court, shows a paper receipt to prove
that he has bought the merchandise and claims never to have sold it to
me? No one can force him to produce the private key connecting him to the
account that received on-line payment. It doesn't help to 'outlaw' paper
receipts - still, he can prove that he bought the car by producing the
key (password) to an account that paid for it but deny connection to
the account that received payment from me. By revealing my connection to
my paying bank account I can prove that I 'paid for' the car (possibly
time-stamped at a later date) but who is to say that I am not the owner
of the receiving account also?
Thus, if the seller is identifying himself, an anonymous buyer can use
on-line cash to pay for a car and still be 'safe' with a receipt (paper
or on-line have similar value in preserving the buyer's pseudonymity).
But if both seller and buyer are anonymous, then receipts mean nothing
(like in criminal business) but reputations everything.

@_date: 1994-09-09 04:23:59
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: AIDs testing and privacy 
Actually, this points to a potential problem for anarchic societies.
Suppose that HIV would spread by airborne droplets, like the flu.
Then measures of isolation, like those stated here, would seem very
adequate. But could such measures be taken without strong government?

@_date: 1994-09-20 11:45:12
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Other jurisdictions 
In Sweden there has been no public discussion at all. Well, there was a TV
news item a month ago about GSM (not how this, compared to older in-the-clear
protocols, could strengthen privacy - of course - but how GSM could be used
by Terrorists and Drug Dealers). A representative of a leading Swedish GSM
provider was interviewed; he said that there was no tapping abilities built
into their system but that it would cost a mere $1.000.000 in software
development to fix it (and obviously, if legislation a la DTB would be
forthcoming, he would happily implement it - if someone else paid the bill).
My general impression is that a semi-secret committee is following the
situation in the US very closely. If GAK comes true over at your side
of the Atlantic we would probably follow in a year or so.
Then there is the tragedy of the European Community. Sweden might very
well join next year, depending on the outcome of a referendum due in
two months. And the leading politruks will not take a no for a no but
pull some tricks and offer new referendums until they get what they
want - more personal power and fat-paying seats in Brussels - like they
did in Denmark - and the propaganda, paid for by the government, in favor
of joining the United States of Europe is so strong that we might vote
yes in the first place (a stable majority against joining seems to be
declining rapidly). The rectification of Europe is against everything
a crypto anarchist stands for: French-style bureaucracy, German-style
standardization, a huge increase in the number of laws and regulations
(down to the shapes of cucumbers and %meat in sausages) - and loss of
opportunities for the politically uncorrect to hide in other juris-
dictions. If Sweden falls, so does Finland for sure, and possibly
So in a few years the legitimacy of anon.penet.fi might very well be
decided by the huge cancer-bureaucracy in Brussels.
As for the present legal situation in Sweden - nobody seems to know.
The only net.lawyer I ever heard of here is working for the SPA. The
few computer related trials have dealt with software piracy. Oh, years
ago a Fido BBS user (message-writer) was fined for degrading remarks on
some minority - we have laws against group-libel. The most obvious
change regarding privacy if we join the EC will be the status of 'public'
information. In Sweden every citizen has a right to know all information,
about anybody, stored in most national and other public registers. This
is not so in EC. Some say that the EC way gives more privacy. I say (I
think...) that as long as the stored information is public the politruks
dare not make the registered information too detailed or otherwise
Mats

@_date: 1994-09-25 11:36:04
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: H.E.A.T. BEAT 
Speaking of hi-tech related screen fanatsy I just saw an old (1992)
movie starring Robert Redford, Dan Akroyd and Sidney Poiters (forgot
- or never noticed - the title) with rather 'advanced' crypto ties.
A professor of mathematics, specialist in primes, had constructed a
'black box' (containing a matchbox-sized chip) that could break all
passwords in a few seconds. Lots of other fantastic machinery also.
And the NSA had a big part. Somehow the manuscript seems to have been
written by an author with some understanding of the implications of
strong crypto. An ex-starving cypherpunk??
