
@_date: 2000-12-03 20:44:11
@_author: matthew gream 
@_subject: Crimes Against Humanity: : The Struggle for Global Justice 
No doubt readers of this forum will be interested in Geoffrey Robertson's ``Crimes Against Humanity: : The Struggle for Global Justice`` ( in which he does excellent justice to tracing the origins of human rights and international human rights causes, especially as it evolved post nuremburg through the UNHRC, The Balkans, General Pinochet, Kosovo, East Timor and The ICC. Geoffrey is scathingly critical of the hypocrisy of international diplomacy in its failure to uphold agreed upon conventions and fundamental rights for individuals. His explanation not only illustrates circumstances as they occurred, but he tends to decribe how they should be, in order that "justice is seen to be done".
Although there is no mention of cryptography, the insights into geopolitics and "the merry-go-round in geneva" illustrate the cogs and lubricants in the international framework of legal and diplomatic wangling. Fans of Jack Straw will be pleased that he "did the right thing" in the case of Pinochet, and my hero Noam Chomsky gets a brief message (his incisive criticisms on American foreign policy - and Robertson holds nothing bad in criticising the continuing hypocrisy).
Matthew Gream
Brussels, December 2000
Get more from the Web.  FREE MSN Explorer download :

@_date: 2000-11-03 15:16:33
@_author: matthew gream 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The Market for Privacy  
There are similarities to conventional society where people don't think that they need to save money for retirement, until they find themselves old, without much to live on, and expect the state to look after them. So maybe some privacy technologies need to be forced into use, through some means - maybe even the social consciences (even if only for self interest) of technologists -- people don't always know what is good for them until its too late (that will offend some people, but it is a hard to deny fact).
My thinking is that sometimes in general it is possible to see that certain technologies are going to develop, but not see their exact manifestation. A good example of this is the Internet - people saw the "information highway" coming, but did not see that it would be "the Internet" or WWW - some of these technologies hit mass penetration, only after which it becomes apparent that they are deficient - for instance, the immaturity of WWW as an information structuring medium viz. SGML, hypermedia technologies and so on.
What I am leading into is - perhaps ZKS will die, and perhaps what will happen is that other commercial needs will drive forward a mass penetration of something like smart card hosted identity management systems, used for banking, health care and a plethora of other situations which are more relevant to the daily life of most people. But, perhaps using this infrastructure, ZKS like and other privacy systems can operate.
Perhaps I am a skeptic, but I see millions of people who have an immediate need for banking, healthcare, mobile phones and other operations before they have a need for identity management - it is an important, but yet still obscure, thing. So I see something like a smartcard hosted identity management system, which can be a platform for ZKS (and others?) to build upon for a myriad of other applications.
The other area where I thought that ZKS could get a "leg on", is with providing privacy infrastructure for digital exchanges and negotiation systems. Could freed0m be good basis for providing anonymity and trusted virtual networks over potentially insecure physical networks ? That's relatively lightly thought through speculation on my behalf.
In my opinion the basic technologies look good, but the commercial front end hasn't found a good home yet, maybe ZKS will stumble along for a while until it finds a better place for itself to fit. It seems as though the market will be there, but perhaps the volume is too small at the moment.
Best regards,
Matthew Gream.
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-10-22 16:16:09
@_author: matthew gream 
@_subject: CDR: why should it be trusted?  
Your email is very cynical, perhaps too cynical for reality - but we need cynics to keep reality in check.
The NSA exists in part as a national authority on computer and communications security, and therefore should recommended an algorithm for use as a means to protect its citizens and countries national security. By recommending its use "internationally", I assume that the fine print is that they recommend it for use by US nationals in an international environment, not to international users (a subtle but useful distinction, the NSA is a domestic agency, I don't think it attempts to speak for the world yet). Ideally, the NSA should be able to break this algorithm when no one else in the world can, as this would give it an advantage in its signals intelligence activities - supposedly these are activites used "in the national interest", for the benefit of citizens and society as a whole - commerce, etc. Well, society is no utopia and there are many other interests (relationships with policy in washington, etc), but you know what I mean.
Complicated answer. By 'approving' DES, then medium security grade products procured by the government would presumably have had to have DES and ANSI conformance before they would be bought by the government. This at least then made DES a commercial choice for government use and something that industry had experience with because there is virtually no other choice, and thence also for financial institutions, and thence eventually more and more into the public arena as the need for information security products became more prevalent.
Also, there were few alternatives to DES, and in fact during the 1970s and 1980s, significant academic activity was put into fiestal network research, S-box research, cipher modes of operation, cryptoanalytic attacks (differential cryptanalysis, for instance). From this, new symmetric algorithms, sometimes based on similar design principles to DES, or new principles investigated as an alternative, were created. You must remember that a large proportion of DES use in commercial products is outside the scope of technological paranoics (that is not entirely fair, there are many objective technologists) and in the scope of money men and corporate standards conformance and spread sheets - these people are more than happy with a NSA/NIST approved solution.
What you see in the AES candidates are the fruits of decades of research and activity partially thanks to DES, but also a result of the age we live in (in the same way that "people knew the internet was coming, but they didn't know that it would be the internet", you could say that symmetric, assymetric ciphers were going to happen, they just happened to be DES and RSA to start with, the ball has to start somewhere, and it turned out that DES was a pretty good choice thanks to the skill of Coppersmith and associates at IBM). Whether the NSA could break DES is up for debate, and may be known in the future perhaps - what is known now is that the advance of technology has made DES an uneconomically feasible solution for medium to high grade risk situations.
As a result of the AES selection, you must also remember that now there are 5 highly valued symmetric algorithms created by world class cryptographers, and 1 exceptional algorithm. While the AES may be recommended, they are now alternatives and additional algorithms that could be used for those desiring increased security (i.e. as wrappers for the AES, or alternatives to the AES, or whatever).
What you will see in the coming years is a focus on analysing the strengths and weaknesses of the AES - hopefully this will only further prove that it is a good candidate. Also, in the same way that 3DES and Ritter style DES networks were seen as advantageous modes of operation, perhaps additional AES modes of operation will add a further layer of security that may allay some concerns about whether the NSA can break the algorithm.
That's my rough answer, no doubt a few people could iron out my bumps.
Best regards,
Matthew Gream
Year 2000 Grand Tour
Madrid, Spain
(enraptured by Goya and his use of diagonal line)
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2000-10-23 12:24:36
@_author: matthew gream 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted?  
Isn't this one of the key points of the whole issue: where does the balance lie ?
One the one hand, individuals should have the freedom to live as they please, so long as it does not affect (too much) the way other people choose to live. If you desire to live an unhealthy lifestyle, that is fine, so long as you live with the consequences - i.e. higher insurance premiums. I choose to live a healthy lifestyle, therefore I would expect to pay less in insurance premiums. On the other hand, I do not mind cross subsidising the rest of society to a certain extent, in order to stop everything falling apart, and to generally know that there is some safety for "my way of life", and to enjoy some common things for everyone.
Certainly, I find it irritating that I should pay excessive costs to support a health care system that largely caters to supporting the many people that have chosen to drink or live their way to an unhealthy later life. Though, I am not sure I want to deny these people treatment because of the social carnage and damage to humanity it will cause, and perhaps twenty years ago, people were less enlightened about the possibility of making these choices.
So perhaps the thing is - how do you list all the pros and cons and costs and everything else, then find an acceptable balance that is liberal "user pays", but has a safety net (i.e. you will not suffer, but you probably won't have a high quality life).
Best regards,
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
