
@_date: 2005-10-27 19:28:53
@_author: Matthew Kaufman 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] P2P Authentication 
Alen Peacock:
Agreed... Hierarchical PKI with a single root is distinctly easier than
multiple roots, random chains of trust, or reputation models, which is why
we've started with the simplest design for the default PKI that ships with
the amicima MFP and MFPNet libraries.
It negates some advantages, not all.
As has already been pointed out, the network still runs, but new clients
can't be authenticated. However, it is possible to make that unlikely... For
instance, if enough trusted entities already have the ability to sign keys,
you can reduce the odds that an attacker can successfully disable ALL of the
CAs. Adding additional roots to the PKI, especially if they are public roots
that are unlikely to be disabled, also helps... It doesn't seem likely that
the world will shut down the existing secure web PKI in order to take your
P2P app off the air.
This is actually true of the entire Internet and isn't unique to p2p
networks at all. All protocol implementations and higher level applications
that run on them must be designed to deal with malicious or misbehaving
clients will be present... See buffer overflows of mail servers and http
servers, for instance.
This isn't about p2p networks at all, but about open-source distribution, it
seems. Lots of totally proprietary p2p and client-server applications have
been shipped where "a single entity" controls the implementation... Skype
comes to mind as an example in the P2P space. These have the temporary
advantage of unpublished protocols and implementations, but this won't stop
a dedicated attacker for long, which brings us back to the original point,
that everything attached to the Internet needs to assume that malicious and
misbehaving things will try to mess things up.
Whether or not that really matters is another point... There's numerous ways
one could build a highly incorrect Gnutella peer, for instance, and yet it
doesn't seem to have become commonplace.
Well, that's why we're all here on the "P2P" hackers list, I suppose,
because we believe that decentralization is good, but it doesn't really
change the most basic of the design parameters at all.
Matthew Kaufman
matthew at matthew.at
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-02 18:19:10
@_author: Matthew Kaufman 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Amicima's amiciPhone now on Macintosh 
amiciPhone, our Skype-like P2P communicator that does encrypted peer-to-peer
VoIP calling, text messaging, user presence, and file transfer (including
photo preview when sending images) is now available for the Macintosh (OS X
10.3.9 or later, and PPC-only at this point).
Also, the Windows XP version is still available and has been upgraded
several times (latest release is Beta 4).
This is a great way to try out what MFP and MFPNet can do (both of which
have documentation and open-source implementations available on our website,
unlike Skype's proprietary protocol model) and we'd also love to hear
feedback about the application itself before we add any more features, so
give it a try! (and get your friends to give it a try too!)
Matthew Kaufman
matthew at matthew.at
amiciPhone: matthew at test.amicima.com
Ps. For a good time, try calling "7"
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2010-12-22 23:02:57
@_author: Matthew Kaufman 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Skype Outage 
It is fairly common knowledge that many people running the current version of the Windows client experienced a crash last night at around the same time. This matches Skype's public message at  "many of them were taken offline by a problem affecting some versions of Skype". Not surprisingly, a whole lot of the nodes run Windows and thus the fraction of supernodes which are running Windows is also high.
More clients trying to reach supernodes than there is supernode capacity looks exactly like a DDOS against the supernode addresses, of course. This is a common restart failure mode for all types of network systems... one must always balance the reconnect backoff times between the risk of flooding the servers (in this case, distributed out to supernodes in a p2p system) and the user experience of taking forever to reconnect after a local network outage (which may be indistinguishable from a global server-side problem).
I'm not an official spokesperson for Skype, so I can't really say more than what's in the official blog... though it does say almost exactly what's above.
Matthew Kaufman
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
