
@_date: 1994-02-01 14:10:45
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
You seem awfully confident about something that has never, to my
knowledge, been litigated at the appellate level.  The difference you
posit between a netnews feed and a CD-ROM seems very tenuous to me --
not the kind of thing I would feel supreme confidence in trying to
convince a judge of.  As far as "holding something up" and saying
"there it is", I could do the same thing in court with a hard disk
containing a news spool and a CD-ROM drive containing a CD with a copy
of a news feed.  Set up two windows side-by side and they have the
same article in them, right down to the Message-ID, byte count, even a
CRC or SNEFRU checksum.  *Now* try to convince the court they are
different animals for copyright purposes...
Yes, very.  And I have been in computing since 1975 and a licensed
attorney since 1981.  So I think it is fair to say that if I find this
murky and confusing, and believe that copyright law does not divide these
types of cases into neat little boxes, then others may as well.
Except that it is extremely difficult to put one's finger on "Usenet
protocols".  *Most* people are using (for example) RFC1036-compliant
Netnews article formats and either NNTP or UUCP for transport.  BUT,
this certainly does not apply to everybody -- some people read
newsgroups as e-mail (SMTP, UUCP, QuickMail, cc:mail, Lotus Notes,
etc.).  Some people receive netnews feeds in the form of magnetic
tape; some as large batched file transmissions on IBM mainframe
networks.  Some get news articles via friends who operate informal
"clipping services" and save and print articles of interest and send
them via snail-mail.  Some people archive newsgroups and put them on
FTP/gopher/WWW/WAIS server where they may be indexed and  retrieved years later.  I would not want to have the burden of convincing a court that any of
these are beyond the purview of "Usenet" and thus, in your scheme,
implicitly copyright infringements.
It is not that I vehemently disagree with any of the points made
above -- who knows what will eventually evolve as a legal standard? --
I just think that it is a wildly unsettled area and pronouncements
of bright-line criteria in the absence of relevant legislation *or*
jurisprudence is fatuous at best.
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-02-10 16:07:11
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Commodity Jurisdiction success for Kerberos Bones! 
John Gilmore wrote (a week or so back):
Are these guidelines, which are undoubtedly written down *somewhere*,
exempt from disclosure under FOIA?   If not, then this might be good
way to go; if the claim of exemption appears weak, it may be worth
litigating.  Getting actual disclosure of the guidelines may be worth
quite a bit, since not only does it inform us-the-public about the
rules, it can make it easier to sue the government for not abiding by
its own rules (if it violates them). Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-02-15 23:55:05
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Pynchon as roadkill on the digital superhighway 
Just looked at the date on this again, and realized it is not as
surprising as it sounds -- until 1991 CA DMV records were open to
anyone who made a request.  No need to break in and look at secret
files, all you had to do was go to the DMV and request them. This was changed, I believe, mostly as a response to a case involving
a TV actress in LA who was stalked by an obsessed fan, who got her
address from the DMV and eventually ambushed her there and murdered her. And as cool an author as Pynchon is, I suspect he is an amateur at the
privacy business; anyone who would put their true residence address on
their driver's license is obviously not paranoid enough to be serious
about not being found.
(Don't know if it has been mentioned here, but Simson Garfinkle has an
article in this month's WIRED titled "Nobody Fucks With the DMV",
about the privacy implications of the amassing of personal data by
state DMVs.  It's a good -- and scary -- read.)
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com / mcb at remarque.berkeley.edu

@_date: 1994-02-17 01:15:18
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
With due respect for the sentiment, I really think that the concept of
"downstream" will not be with us for very much longer, and in most
places is already quite archaic.  If the net-sites of South Island NZ
wanted the alt.sex groups, they were free to find other sources for
them, such as a commercial service provider.  Getting a free newsfeed
is nice, but it is folly to rely on it.   I think it is a mistake to
base (or debate) ethical questions about what traffic one wishes to
accept and carry upon mechanical matters such as the topology of one
particular transport mechanism for message-based communications.
Good point.  Depends what you mean by "filtering", though.   I would
prefer that remailer operators and other service providers NOT block
anyone's messages based on content or identity of origin, merely based
on whether or not they interfere with the operation of the service, or
jeopardize the service's future operation (i.e., on legal grounds). *But*, I do support the right of individuals and private sites to
"filter" messages based on content or identity of origin, by means of
killfiles or similar.  Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-02-28 01:07:19
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Anybody heard of "The SLED"?  (long) 
On ba.internet I got a pointer to something called "the SLED", a
database of e-mail addresses, and requested the info file,  which is
appended.  While the people offering the system seem to be interested
in privacy, encryption, and PGP key service, there are some strange
thing about it, especially where they require *you* to identify
yourself to *them* when registering your address.   My comments to the
newsgroup appear at the end.
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com
Newsgroups: ba.internet
Organization: Postmodern Consulting, San Francisco, California USA
Lines: 37
Sender: mcb at umberto-eco.postmodern.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: remarque.berkeley.edu
Summary: The SLED
I requested (and read) the SLED info file and was not that impressed.
First of all, you have to PAY to be included in the SLED database.
It is only $5 plus $1/month, which is not a whole lot, but the problem
is that will so sharply limit the number of people who list there, so
the value of the database is limited as well.  And there is the
pain-in-the-ass factor of having to pay them every few months or so.
Plus, the SLED people seem to claim to be interested in subscriber
privacy (by offering PGP [future?] and making the DB hard to make into
a marketing list), yet seem to be totally anal-retentive about the DB
being only "REAL NAMES", to the point of REQUIRING a real live personal
check from you (not cash).
There is also no provision for entering street addresses or voice
telephone numbers, even if you WANT to, since they claim that is much
too personal.  Shouldn't users make that choice for themselves?  This also makes the DB that much less useful, plus you have to search
it BY EMAIL only, which is slow and clunky.
Thanks, but NetPages sounds more useful to me.   Or even "whois", for
that matter.  (The SLED people also claim that to use whois you have to know someone's email address, which is completely bogus.)
Michael C. Berch
mcb at postmodern.com / mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at remarque.berkeley.edu
--- END ---

@_date: 1994-01-20 01:59:11
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Internet Banking 
(First of all, I just wanted to say hello, especially to those of you I
met for the first time at the Cypherpunks BOF last night at Usenix.)
I caught up on the digital banking thread and have a few thoughts
about future banks, financial privacy, and nonregulation issues,
especially how they relate to the way things are done now.  What is important to me in an ideal bank, in roughly descending order:
1. Security.  The bank will not disappear, steal my money, allow others
to steal my money, or unwarrantedly cut off my access to it.
2. Convenience.  I can easily and reliably spend the money I have on deposit,
deposit funds from elsewhere, and communicate with the bank regarding
my accounts.
3. Privacy.  The bank will not (or, possibly, cannot) reveal details
of my financial situation or transactions to others including the
government.  4. Credit.  The bank will loan me money for appropriate purposes if
needed (and my credit rating is acceptable).
The financial institutions I currently deal with do a pretty good job
of all of these except (3), which is not their fault but is the
government's.  (Except for crud like banks that use trivial keys like
your SSN for access to banking by phone.)
No. 1, security, is a problem with anonymized, offshore, network
banking.  Today we rely on a combination of reputation and regulation
to provide bank security -- the banks we deal with stress size,
longevity, permanence, etc., in their marketing campaigns, and there
are mandatory reserve requirements and mandatory deposit insurance.
Reputation should translate pretty well in our idealized banking world

@_date: 1994-01-22 16:46:27
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Internet Banking 
The whole idea of my article was to take a look at the
digital/private/offshore bank concept in the light of economic reality
and the actual capital/financial markets.  My credentials in economics
are informal rather than formal, though I did write my senior paper in
law school on an economic topic (airline regulation).  I am certainly
not a specialist but would like to think that I am not ignorant
regarding banking economics and monetary theory.
Actually, I would trust practically anyone *but* the U.S. Government to
back my funds!  I am very much opposed to mandatory, monopolistic
governmental deposit insurance, since it gives the illusion that the
government actually knows what is going on inside your bank, and
completely isolates bank customers from ever having to inquire into the
reputation or financial worthiness of a bank.  This distorts the hell
out of the market.  Because of the FSLIC, people just blithely put
their money into random S&Ls, some of which were totally corrupt
organizations, because Uncle Sam would be there to rescue their butts.
(At our expense.)
I could go on about this, but this isn't a libertarian economics
seminar -- suffice it to say that I believe there is a significant
market ot be made in private deposit insurance, and that is what I
would look for to insure my ideal/future bank deposits.
Central banks (e.g., the Federal Reserve) are dangerous because they
allow governments to manipulate the money supply for political
purposes.  The power of *individual* central banks has been weakening
steadily in favor of to international currency rate agreements (like
the ERM), and eventually, at least for international purposes, are
likely to be supplanted by a much more stable market-based system of
global currency arbitrage.  This is already taking shape, as major
multinational players presently seek to reduce their currency exchange
risk by complex, software-model-driven hedging programs.  (You might
want to look into the products/services of companies like Capital
Market Technologies or BARRA.)
Interest rates (at least the "real" portion that is not ascribable to
inflation) are market-driven.  I don't understand how this is affected
by private/offshore/digital banking.
Again, how are these specifically related to the issues at hand?  Banks
act as depositaries, transaction processors, and lenders.  Each of
these services are market-based, fee-for-service activities.  As far as
currency, the bank can either avoid the exchange risk entirely (either
by hedging, or by requiring that members/customers use a specified
currency), or alternatively can go into the currency arbitrage business
itself as a profit center.  (Though the nature of the market is such
that the more arbitrageurs there are, the less profit there is in
Fundamental questions of labor economics (etc.) do not seem to be
involved at this level, so far as I can tell.
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-01-23 16:46:33
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... 
Actually, I would like *not* to discuss this on Cypherpunks, not
because it is not an interesting subject, but because this issue (and
related issues such as archiving/republishing FAQs) are being
discussed in a number of other places, notably the faq-maintainers
mailing list, several of the news.* groups intermittently, the
moderators mailing list intermittently, and some of the legal-interest
groups on Usenet.
Besides, cypherpunks is already very high-volume (even if you don't
count the Detweiler spew) and the issue is really not that closely
related to the purpose of the list (though there are some tangential
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-01-24 23:06:45
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: REMAIL: Cover traffic 
I was thinking about digital mix and defeating traffic analysis and
realized that the perfect cover for private messages exchanged among
remailers -- at least on the Internet -- is to multiplex them into a
netnews feed.  You would need a new transport protocol that basically handles an
encrypted news feed and turns it back into normal NNTP/RFC1036 on the
far end, while diverting private mail messages to the appropriate
remailing software.
If remailers were on large site servers that were set up as news hubs,
there would already be a large amount of traffic between any pair of
them; insert the private traffic and encrypt/slice/dice the result.
This is a low-cost solution since the news has to flow somehow anyway
and it is better than just sending around random garbage.
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-03-04 16:34:15
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: New mailing list? 
I was thinking about Alan's proposal for a moderated real-world-crypto
list (which sounds good, by the way!), and it brought up my main problem
with cypherpunks, which is sheer volume, volume, volume!
It's not a "noise" problem -- since the end of the LD foolishness the
greatest part of what has been posted here has been intelligent, thoughtful
stuff.  But since c'punks has grown to the size of a newsgroup in volume,
simply getting through it is *difficult*.  My proposal is pretty simple: splitting the list into cypherpunks-tech
and cypherpunks-policy.  (Cypherpunks-announce would be left alone of
course.)  I think a large number of readers would want to be on both
lists, but a large number (like myself) would *not*, and if nothing else,
it would cut down the mailer load on toad.  In short, technical crypto articles, reviews of papers, steganography
stuff, PGP-specific stuff, all source code, etc., would go to the
cypherpunks-tech list; while policy articles, Clipper stuff, political
discussions, anarcholibertarian/extropian material, social
implications of digital cash, etc., would go to the cypherpunks-policy
list.  I *know* there are people out there who would rather that
the political stuff not get in the way of their technical discussions,
and then there are people like me who are more focused on the policy
issues (and regardless of technical background, are never going to be
code-level crypto hacks).
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com

@_date: 1994-03-04 16:53:44
@_author: Michael C. Berch 
@_subject: Gun conversion info banned 
But the Court has upheld various police-power suppressions of
advertising material, etc., even after Brandenburg (1969, right?) under
the "commercial speech" exception, like Pittsburgh Press v Human
Relations Comm.  413 U.S. 376 (1973). [Glommed from my 1979 Con Law
This is a doctrine that commercial expression is less Constitutionally
protected than political and literary expression for historical and
public policy reasons.
I don't know what the present state of the commercial speech exception
is, but it has definitely been a nasty stain on First Amendment jurisprudence
since Valentine v Chrestensen in 1942.
Michael C. Berch
mcb at net.bio.net / mcb at postmodern.com
