
@_date: 1993-04-03 23:58:38
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: PGP help and comments. 
This is even more dangerous than storing it on the disks of a multi-user
machine.  Unless you are running in a kerberos environment it is trivial to
snoop your upload off the network, and even without that weakness you are
exposing yourself to the same problem that the docs mention (it is really
pretty easy to scan someone's terminal input) only you are giving them the
key outright instead of only giving them the passphrase to your key.
Bad idea.

@_date: 1993-04-07 09:25:24
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Smaller is better. 
Some people either do not have the option, or need the convenience of a
multi-user system.  My PC is sitting at home with a toasted modem (waiting
for a Paradyne to arrive... :) and even when it is running fine I spend
8-12 hours a day working on multi-user systems with connectivity that is
light-years beyond what my PC has.  If I want to send out am email message
and do not want to spend an hour walking home, encrypting it, walking back,
and then transferring the file and sending it I will use my copy of PGP on
a multi-user machine.  I have a different key that I use (my key on a
server) for this type of communication and accept and understand the
consequences of using PGP in this manner.
As long as the user knows the weaknesses of the system they are using they
should make thier own choices regarding how to use PGP.  You may consider
your PC at home to be completely safe and secure, but unless you recognize
the weaknesses of that particular setup you are not reaching the "maximum
assurance of security" that you claim.

@_date: 1993-04-07 11:36:18
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Real-time BBS Encryption?? 
Sure, no problem, provided you are willing to do a lot of coding...
The basic idea would be to use public-key encryption to do a short
negotigiation of a one-time key to use for DES/IDEA encryption of the
session.  You could then use a public key for the system as a whole (with
which the users can encrypt thier personal public keys for uploading during
the initial connection) and the user's public key to send the key
transmitted from the BBS for the session.
All that would be necessary is for you to add a bit of code to the comm
program so that it would recognize when it was talking to a system such as
this and do the right thing when needed (the actual encryption code is
readily available in systems like PGP and the various DES implementations
out there.)  The downside is that there are a lot of terminal programs out
there for microcomputers and not many supply source code for such
modifications.  I had thought about using such a system when planning out a
raid-proof 386BSD system and the hassles of trying to get at least one
program to do this for every platform that might want to connect to such a
BBS was more work that I wanted to do.  Perhaps as an option (e.g. one line
using end-to-end encryption and others normal) for connecting to a system,
but if all the lines are done like this you will probably find making it
difficult for people to connect like this keeps people away from the

@_date: 1993-04-22 21:59:40
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: New Algorithm... 
Well, what if I need to the capability of doing 5-10 Mbyte/s?  I am still
haisng out a few design details of a "secure" BSD using encryption of the
filesystem before I hit the code and right now this particular issue is one
that I have still not worked out.  I need it in hardware.  Software is just
not fast enough and I a not sure how much work it will require to get a DES
card to do E(K1,D(K2,E(K1,x))) if I want to use 128 bit keys.
Does anyone know if there is a hardware implementation of IDEA or another
algorithm of suitable cryptographic strength available in a card or chip?
Then again, maybe I could use a clipper chip...   (big ;-)

@_date: 1993-08-02 11:29:26
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: lookin' for a slogan for Tshirts 
A nice thought, but it is not quite true now, is it?  Cryptography has been
a tool for specialists, scholars, and governments for those 4000 years, but
to claim that "the masses" have had access to it is clearly untrue.  In
fact, it seems that the current friction between groups such as this one
and the U.S. governement is caused mostly because private citizens are
beginning to get access to this strong cryptography and this is something
"those who watch" do not like...

@_date: 1993-08-18 15:30:43
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: World record in password checking 
[use a bunch of PCs running some freenix to do it]
Perhaps because internal communication between those 1024 machines will be
significantly more difficult than running on a machine that is optimized
for parallel operations, RPC just doesn't cut it.  You would probably lose
a number of your hosts off the top just to coordinate the activity of the
remaining machines. Besides, if you really want to do this spend your
one or two million (approx cost of your 1000PC site) on seriously dedicated
DES-cracking parallel hardware.  Do the cracking in hardware, not software.
Either way, I could think of more fun things to do with those 1024 PCs :)

@_date: 1993-08-28 13:36:07
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Another BBS Seizure in Hartford 
It is even easier than that.  They can go down to the local library and
check out a book that will tell them how to make something better than an
ammonium nitrate fuel oil composition (it is hard to ignite such beasts,
but as someone who was always intrigued with pyrotechnics as a youth I know
there is a lot of info out there...)  Besides, they could just order a book
from loompanics that tells them how do make a whole lot more.
A good lawyer should be able to tear this one to bits...

@_date: 1993-08-30 12:46:24
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The need for FREE cryptography ... 
Such an interface would be a useful addition to PGP, maybe a libpgp.a
approach with such magic routines.  This would definitely be useful for a
great many things.
You should try reading the source sometime.  Like the file pgp.c....

@_date: 1993-12-01 15:23:18
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: CP-austin addresses? 
Send mail to listproc at mcfeeley.cc.utexas.edu with the following line in the
body of the message (where [name] is some "real name" you wish associated
with your id):
subscribe austin-cypherpunks [name]

@_date: 1993-12-06 12:40:08
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Authorized cash? 
[regarding Chaum's digital cash work and possibly using that for net.money]
Strangely enough, his secretary and I have been exchanging email trying to
arrange a time when he can catch me by phone for the past few days...
I will ask him :)

@_date: 1993-12-08 12:25:44
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Dining with the Cryptographer 
Finding something that is vaguely considered to be Dallas is easy, finding
any particular location inside Dallas is not....
Yes, we noticed them as we made our way to the meeting.  Pretty cool if you
have any particular desire to have your movements tracked at some future
point, but those of us who would rather not have a barcode stamped on our
head or car would probably not share your enthusiasm...
He noticed a posting of mine regarding our Digital Credit Union.

@_date: 1993-12-09 13:21:02
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: dialup Mosaic!!!!?? 
It is called SLIP/PPP.  It _is_ very popular, at least around here...
ObCrypt:  My search for DC papers bore fruit when someone returned the 89
Eurocrypt papers to the library yesterday, but I am still searching for the
Boz (sp?) thesis that Tim mentioned was passed around at an early Bay area
CP meeting.  If anyone has a copy of this sitting around, please send me
some email.

@_date: 1993-12-14 11:50:27
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Signing pictures -- how hard, how long? 
Well, the compression problem that others have mentioned is going to be one
problem, and an additional problem that occurs to me is that putting the
signature mechanism into the camera may not be the best locatoin for it.  I
do not know of any work that people would want to sign (e.g. would be worth
protecting from fraud) that did not undergo some post-processing...
One idea that sort of popped into my head if people want to do
post-processing signatures has to do with something else I remember hearing
about from the media lab:  you stack all of the frames together into a sort
of cube structure (like a deck of cards, for example) and then select and
sign random number of planes from different angles that intersect this
cube.  While not impervious to the fraud you are trying to detect, it does
create a much more managable detached signature (somehow I think that
creating 4200 signatures per minute is going to end up being viewed as a
bit unwieldy... :)  I think that you could even make the plane selection
ahead of time and then do it on-the-fly as the work is being filmed.  You
just keep track of which/where planes will intersect the frame being
generated and store the results of these intersections to a buffer that is
then signed before the storage media is ejected.

@_date: 1993-12-15 09:23:54
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: He's Baaack! 
[re: the return of LD]
It is very easy to write up a rule for various filtering programs that will
nuke his messages when they arrive and save you the trouble of doing it
yourself.  In case no one noticed, this is his first posting in a little
over a week and in that time the signal to noise ratio on the list has
significantly increased.  Why don't we continue this trend and just ignore
him, okay?

@_date: 1993-02-22 11:49:17
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Government Encryption 
This "rumor" seems to be the result of two different, but not necessarily
better, events.  The first is an Usenet posting by Dorothy Denning (anyone
have a copy of this posting/report BTW, I seem to have lost mine and only
have the 400K or responses in sci.crypt...) and an article in the July 1992
CACM by Ron Rivest that suggested that people be required to register thier
_private_ keys with some government authority so that feds with a warrant
(and anyone with enough cash to bribe the civil servant sitting at the
"private-key desk") can break open messages and files encrypted using PKE.
The other is the PEM RFC that talked about certification authorities (and
mentioned that government institutions could be one type of, but not the
only type of, certification authority.  The two seem to have come together
into one nifty rumor that gives paranoid people ulcers and causes the rest
of us to be a little more vigilant... No, not really.  PEM specifies a standard for exchange of encrypted mail
messages, but does not enforce a particular method of key certification.
They do talk a lot about certification authorities, but these are not
necessarily government institutions.  Check out RFC1113-1115 at your
friendly neighborhood RFC server.  The mrr-password.ps file on
soda.berkeley.edu in /pub/cypherpunks goes into a lot of detail about CAs
so you might also want to check that one out.

@_date: 1993-02-22 15:28:18
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Mac HD Cypher... 
That depends, do you want to be able to use the drive once it has been
encrypted (e.g. decrypt on-demand for necessary files) or do you just want
to turn the whole thing into a lump of jumbled bits that must be decrypted
en masse to be usable again?  If you are looking for the former then I
believe that there is a product out there called FileLock or something
similar that will let you encrypt fils, folders, and entire drives in a
method that requires a password to gain access again.  I think that it also
does this "on demand" so that you can have an encrypted file that asks you
for the password when you pull it up in your word processor (or a folder
that asks for the password when you want to get a file from it), etc.  If
you just want to lock the whole drive then I believe that there is a DES
package that will let you crunch a while drive.
No such beast exists.

@_date: 1993-02-22 16:33:42
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Rambo Lives 
deltorto at aol.com
Not meaning to be an appologist for law enforcement agencies (some of whom
have gone off the deep end, this much is true...) but the purpose of law
enforcement agencies is to enforce the laws and protect the populace.  If
you disagree with what they are doing, change the laws.  Most of them are
people doing a thankless job that I would never want to have...
While we now look at this classification as "munitions" as somewhat silly,
please remember when ITAR was established: 1943.  At the time the US was at
war, cryptographic devices were _real machines_, computers occupied entire
buildings.  The government did not decide to classify PGP as munitions, it
classified _all_ cryptographic machines and processes as munitions (materials
necessary for war) and at the time it was a very easy equivalence to make.
There is a very good article about this by Peter Denning (and other
crypto-related articles) in the July 1992 issue of Communications of the
ACM. Now advanced cryptographic methods are used in private communications
and business but the old definitions remain...
Definitely.  Spread the source.

@_date: 1993-02-26 00:37:48
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Dining Crypto -- An Introduction 
There is no way you can get around taxation if you intend on using this
system in real life.  Your system is much like that of a drug dealer, he
gets all this money, but has no where to spend it until it has been
laundered.  They will get you at the banks or wherever you go to spend your
money.  The "War on Drugs" has really caused this kind of banking service
to dry up, and unless you are moving millions of dollars a day no one is
going to even look at you if you want to make your money untraceable...
Death and taxes.  You can't escape them, so lets drop that fantasy and
concentrate on the rest.  Your digital/untracealbe/untaxable cash can only
purchase items from this shadow world of non-physical things, and that just
doesn't pay the rent or put food on the table.  The appetite of the
taxation-beast will not diminish, and everyone will just end up having
higher taxes on the physical elements of daily life that can't be stuffed
on the wire.  Sounds like this is going to be a world of info-elite tax
dodgers...the public will love you...
The unbundling of the physical and non-physical aspects are nice, but how
many non-physical aspects of a service are there?  There are a lot of
things that can be done through a network, but there are still a lot of
things that will never escape thier own tangibility; these are generally
the things in life one cannot do without, like food, shelter, etc.  Yeah.  Right...  If only it were true...

@_date: 1993-02-26 13:00:41
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
In the U.S. at least, there is nothing illegal about advocating race war or
violence against groups and classifications of members of society.  What
is illegal is inciting others to violent acts against a specific person or
target.  Saying "Kill all WASPs!" is not illegal, but saying "Kill John
Doe!" could get you arrested.   You are treading a thin line (and I would say have passed onto the wrong
side....) if you begin establishing policy such that a particular group or
set of beliefs is denied access without justification, but just because
"they are X."  If you try to censor the communications of those who you
despise then you are no better than they are...

@_date: 1993-07-03 00:23:27
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: PGP and offline-readers 
That part of the solution is already done.  There are already several very
good POP/IMAP clients for Macs and PCs (Eudora, NuPOP, etc).  Why the
fixation on a particular mail agent?  There is no way that you are going to
get people to agree on a single MUA, therefore it seems that the comm
channel is the beastie that one should focus on for encryption.
I hate to break it to you, but there already exists a protocol for off-line
reading of mail and news over serial connections: QWK.  While a noble
effort, I sincerely doubt that the BBSers and CI$ users are going to jump
over to a completely new protocol for transport of information for off-line
reading unless it offers them something that they do not already have, and
IMAP/POP just doesn't do that.  If one were to be able to offer encrypted
TCP/IP connectivity though, then you would be offering people the additional
functionality of this comm channel (telnet, ftp, gopher/www, etc) to entice
them to switch over.
Why not just get them to support IP?  Probably easier...  All they need is
a slip/ppp driver on the host, then you can do the encryption over comm
channel and avoid wasting time encrypting something that doesn't need to be
encrypted.  Many BBS systems are beginning to wade through the shallow
water of the Internet, if we had the ability to offer them modifications to
provide encryption to thier IP connectivity while they are still new to the
game it would be much easier to get them accostomed to the idea that such
traffic should offer encryption; not that I think this will happen, but in
an ideal world...

@_date: 1993-07-06 18:20:03
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: On the medium being the message 
Not much bandwidth in that medium there...
Things like gif/jpeg images and sound files have a ton of semi-random bits
in them that you can fool around with without anyone noticing much, but
plain text in news headers and postings just doesn;t leave one with much
room for putting in a message.  At least not without being blanently
obvious...

@_date: 1993-06-01 09:35:14
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
Sort of.  I am still trying to work out a few design problems on a system
such as this for unix hosts.  At the moment it looks like I will be doing
this in linux but I still have a few issues to hammer out before I start
coding. The PKE stuff would only need to handle the key management, so this could
conceivably be done in software.   The actual file encryption/decryption
must be done in hardware if you want to have any sort of speed at all.
This is actually the part I am still trying to figure out.  A research lab
in Switzerland designed a chip to do IDEA rather quickly, but I have still
not been able to get any information on how/when this might be marketed or
available outside the research lab (although I might be able to get one for
research purposes...)  Lacking an available IDEA chip I will have to use
DES (multi-pass or some other variant to get around the limits on DES
keyspace) in order to get the necessary throughput on the disk.
This I why I am hoping to use linux.  For those who don't know what linux
is, it is a fairly popular free unix for 386/486 intel machines.  With
linux I can start by burying the private key in the kernel during runtime
to give it some protection against snooping and hope to add a few kernel
hacks to make it a little more secure against examination.  Linux provides
a dos emulator for those who need PC programs and unix/x11/whatever for the
rest of us...
Such a system would not be completely secure but would provide some
protection for files, which is more than they get now...

@_date: 1993-06-01 12:18:22
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
Actually I was sort of thinking of the keying being done on a per-user
basis.  The user would supply a key (with the pub key kept online and the
private part stored in kernel memory during the user session) that would be
used for thier files and the system key would only be used to provide a
secure channel between the user and the system (user encrypts thier key
pair with the system key and transmits it).  I have several ideas on how to
close up some of the holes on the OS side, but at the moment I am trying to
concentrate on finishing up the details of just the filesystem side so I
can get coding.
Right now I am working on making the system provide security such that the
only way to get at a file is to either have the legitimate user's private
key or to have the system private key and run the system as a sort of
trojan horse collecting keys as users login.  Having the system private key
will not give you any sort of "replay" data (you will not be able to use
the system key to get any past user keys or much of anything else...) and
having the physical hardware without the system private key will give you
nothing at all.

@_date: 1993-06-02 10:59:04
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
Speed.  No software implementation will be able to match a hardware DES
chip in total throughput.  I have enough trouble dealing with the drive
transfer speeds imposed upon PC unix systems with the lame bus, but even
this could keep up if I had to run my file access through a software DES
system.  There are cards out there that can do this, and it doesn't really
make sense not to offload this to an external device.
Yes, the other thing that pushed me to linux (besides the larger user
community) was the support for "drop-in" filesystems.

@_date: 1993-06-03 00:58:38
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
[regarding why to use hardware for the encryption]
This is true, but I am not completely writing-off those without the ability
to get a hardware card: they will just have to put up with the, IMHO,
unbearable slowness of doing filesystem encryption through software.  I am
also examining the log-structured filesystem (Rosenblum and Osterhout) to
see if using that as the core to add the encryption to will make the system
useable without hardware.  Additionally, perhaps the fact that there is
some real use for a hardware DES card will get people to buy them and
increase their availability in general...
No.  Then again PGP is for encrypting _files_, not filesystems.  We are
talking several orders of magnitude difference in the amount of data you
are trying to force through them.  I guess part of the difference in
viewpoints we have is that I am spoiled on unix.  I have become used to the
high-bandwidth drives and networks that I use every day and would not be
able to stand the bottleneck created by doing the encryption in software.
Yes, a crypto drop-in that works like Stacker would be a good thing to have
available and I wish you the best of luck in your efforts.  On the general
DOS side though, I can run DOS under linux and have a DOS filesystem within
a linux system as well (linux plug :)
Either way, good luck.

@_date: 1993-06-15 09:42:56
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: REMAIL: X-Discard header line added 
Do you mean easier to create more flow to thwart analysis or easier for an
observer to determine which messages it does not need to examine after
reaching a certain line in the header.  This seems like a nice effort, but
will not deter traffic analysis in the slightest.  Headers are always
unencrypted, so anyone watching the flow will be able to write a 3 line
perl script to filter out all of these messages and there is nothing a
header line can do to hide this discard information.  What might be more usefull is a counter that signals the remailer system to
stop passing a message and unwrap part of the message and act upon the
instructions there; thus the counter would let tell the system how long to
bounce the message around internally and when the counter hits zero it
could send the message on to the target.  For example you could create a
little MIME x-anon-remailer body part that contains lines with the the
final destination wrapped in the remailer pubkeys.  When the counter hits
zero the remailer checks the x-anon-remailer body part of the line that
matches its pubkey, decrypts that line to get the final address and then
sends the message on.  In this sort of system all you would really need to
do is send someone a message with your destination address wrapped in one
anon remailer pubkey.  When Alice replies to Bobs message she includes the
x-anon-remailer body part which has the line provided by Bob (or several it
Bob provides more than one).  Alice sends this message to any remailer
entry point and the message gets bounced around the system until the
counter hits 0.  At this point the remailer checks to see if it can decrypt
any of the destination lines, if not it ups the counter by one (and maybe
sets a TTL counter so that messages that have destination keys corrupted do
not float forever...) and tosses it back into the system, if it can decrypt
one of the destination keys it sends the message off to the address Bob has
provided inside the destination key (Bob could even have the destination
key send it the message into another remailer system if he is sufficiently
paranoid).  This would make traffic analysis much harder because once the
message enters the remailer system it bounces around so much; the remailers
become a black box that deliver the message without really knowing anythign
about it until the last phase of delivery.
This would also not waste bandwidth moving useless messages around.

@_date: 1993-06-15 14:54:03
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: REMAIL: X-Discard header line added 
I set the "breakout counter" at 10 and throw it into any port on the
remailer web.  It bounces around 10 times and then the "deliver this damn
message" flag gets tripped and the TTL counter starts.  The TTL counter is
actually the number of hops from this point on that the message will
traverse looking for someone who can decode the encrypted destination
address before the message dies or is otherwise checked for problems.  It
could take a long time to deliver the message, but time latency is another
possible means of confounding traffic analysis.  What I was basically
thinking was that the breakout counter tells the message how many times to
randomly bounce around the internal structure of the remailer web (and
hopefully becoming lost in the clutter) before it tries to find someone who
can deliver it; the TTL would be used once the breakout counter had hit
zero and would try to keep a message from bouncing around forever if there
is an addressing problem.  This would obviously increase the complexity of the system and require a
collection of remailers scattered across the net, but it seems to me to
have the advantages of providing more security as the number of remailers
grows and to allow bepopel to set up thier own forwarding and addressing
that is independant of the remailer system (you generate your own
destination certificates and can string together whatever you want in the
destination, even another hop back into the remailer system.)  It may be
overly complex, but it just seemed to me that it might offer the possiblity
of truly untracable mail: two messages sent into the same entry port with
the same destination certificates at the same time could end up coming out
of two different exit ports on the black box depending on how they bounced
around inside the system.
If you want someone to be able to send you a reply to an anonymous message
you give them a destination certificate that contains the destination you
want the message sent to wrapped in various remailer pubkeys (one or more,
it is up to you).  They do not need to know where the message is going,
they just attach the certificate to thier message and drop it into _any_
remailer and know that it will either get to the destination or get bounced
back to them.  A distributed anonymous remailer system of sorts...

@_date: 1993-06-23 09:37:57
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Digital Cash$$$$ 
Not only that, but a digital cash certificate, unlike regular cash, can be
cut up into little segments that each have no value other than being random
numbers.  You send one segment to each of various accounts arond the world
and then reconnect the segments at some site located in a country with weak
banking regulations...
An idea I had for this digital cash stuff that might be a little easier is
to consider some of the nations within the borders of the U.S.  The various
Native American tribes have a degree of semi-sovereignty that may allow
them to get away with something like this.  This would make things easier
for using this system in the U.S. because it would be fairly trivial to get
the reservations on to the net if they are not already.  The advantage for
those running such a cyberbank is that they would get connected, and get
machines to do this stuff, and the rest of us would effectively be paying
them to do so :)  [it probably would not be a hard sell, but the question
is whether or not the various tribes have enough sovereignty to get away
with it.]
It is things like this that probably give regulators fits.  IMHO, the real
reason governments are opposed to strong cryptography is that in an
information society it effectively places the population outside the
control of the government, the central government becomes superfluous.

@_date: 1993-06-23 23:25:25
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Government fear of strong crypto 
Hmmm..... actually I must disagree with this.  The NSA may oppose strong
crypto, but a few facts should be brought up:
They may have an interest in promoting relatively weak cryptography that
will be exported and may actually favor weak crypto at home (hoping for the
Beta v. VHS effect to spread this weak crypto from the U.S. to the rest of
the world) but no one at Fort Meade is going to be getting a pink slip if
Clipper goes down in flames.
The FBI, and other domestic law enforcement agencies are probably very gung
ho for weak crypto, but I just don't think that No Such Agency is going to
be greatly effected by it.  Thier fingerprints are all over the Clpper
stuff, but seeing as how thier other mission is to develop ciphers this is
only natural.
Just a little thought late at night...

@_date: 1993-03-01 16:06:22
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: ideas on an encrypted BSD filesystem (LONG, technical) 
I have been working on a few ideas I have to make a BSD system (like a
386BSD system on a nice fast PC) into a secure base system for a BBS that
is somewhat "raid-proof".  The basic plan is the encrypt the filesystem and
use public key encryption to separate the system administrator from the
information contained within the system and make it harder to do blanket
searches of computer systems such as those I have seen happen in this area.
Here is a basic outline of what I plan on doing, any comments would be
appreciated. mccoy at ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
1. Purpose:
To create a system that offers subscribers/users a greater level of privacy
and security than offered in most BBS/unix systems.  The basic goal is to
make a system somewhat "raid-proof".  Users have the ability to make thier
files encrypted is such a manner that even the system administrator is
unable to access/view the files.  Through such a system I hope to create a
sort of userspace that can allow an administrator to detach themselves from
the actual content of the files in the system in a sort of "common-carrier"
or "bookseller" philosophy that will offer both the admin and the user more
protection from over-zealous law enforcement agents and unauthorized
intruders.  If the users so choose, they can create files that even the
admin cannot access without modifying the system to spoof out keys during
transmission.  The system is designed to be very difficult (if not impossible) for
external forces to gain access to information contained therein simply
through possession of the physical hardware of the system.  Essentially, I
want to separate the information content of the system from the hardware
(disk drives)  of the system by creating a wall using public key
encryption.  Access to files can be controlled by the users to whom those
files belong.
2. Some general conventions (mostly for lack of ASCII subscripting...):
X_p = X's public key
X_r = X's private key
X_p(X_r) = X's private key encrypted with X's public key
X_p(X_r1,X_r2...) = Private keys X_r1, X_r2, etc encrypted with pubkey X_p
K = one-time key used for encrypting a file
X_p(K) = File key K encrypted using X's public key
In most cases, S_r and S_r are user for the system keys, U_r and U_p for
user keys and G_r and G_p for public group keys.
3. Implementation:
This system will be based upon BSD (386BSD specifically, because the source
is there...) with the hopes of providing a set of low-level privacy and
security options that others can use to provide secure BBS and
general-access unix systems.  The system is in not invulnerable to external
attack and access of user's files without thier consent (known weaknesses
are listed after implementation details), but it tries to make the system
as "raid-proof" as possible. This privacy/security is implemented though
the use of an encrypted filesystem and built-in support for management of
the keys used for this encryption through public key encryption.
3.1 The filesystem In general, the system will encrypt the users' files using DES or IDEA
using a one-time random key.  This key will be encrypted with the user
public key and stored with the file.  When the file is accessed the key is
decrypted from the private-key stored in memory and the file key is found
and the file decrypted.  Not all files are encrypted; whether or not a file
is encrypted depends on its permissions.
If a file is world-readable then it is not encrypted, if it does not have
any r, w, or x permissions for world then the file is encrypted and the
one-time key used for the encryption is stored in the inode structure.
This structure contains space for holding both a "users" and a "group"
entry for the encryption key K.  At this point the DES v IDEA choice depends on whether or not there is any
chip out there to do IDEA in hardware.  If not, I will probably use DES
(double or triple DES maybe...) because I can snag a card to do it and
offload this burden from the basic system.
3.2 Groups
The concept of "group" is also changed.  Basically, I can't see any real
benefit from the current implementation of groups in BSD, so I am going to
dump it all and rebuild something in the holes left behind.  The basic goal
of these "groups" is to implement something more like access control lists
than the standard Berkeley groups.  At the moment, I am thinking of
implementing two types of groups: public and personal.  3.2.1 ACLs
A personal group is actually an ACL for a particular file.  This group
appears in a ls -g as "user-acl" (i.e. user "jdoe" sees the file's group as "jdoe-acl").  The default acl for files contains only the user as a member,
but for each file they can add or remove people from the acl.  This is
implemented by creating a default user-acl entry in the group file and
creating an entry for the user in the systems private acl list.   When a
user modifies the acl for a file a reference to the file is added to the
private acl list and entries foe each user or public group added to the
list are made in the following fashion:
fileref:gid or uid:rwx:(S_p(U_p(K))):gid or uid:rwx:(S_p(U_p(K))...
This holds the user id or group id, thier permissions, and the file key
wrapped in the particular user's public key (the user added to the acl, not
the owner of the file) and this is wrapped with the system public key.
3.2.2 Public groups
The other type of group are the public groups, which are somewhat similar
to the BSD groups, but differ in how they are created and how user's are
added.  Anyone can create a new public group.  This facility is implemented
with an application that simply asks the user for a unique name for the new
group.  When created the person creating the group is added to that group.
members.  When someone wants to enlist another person in a group, they
sponsor the user, and the other members of the group are sent a message
indicating the person who would be joining and the sponsor (groupnames are
automatically made to be mail aliases for all group members as well).  Each
member of the group has the power to "blackball" a prospective member by
returning a mail message to the group server with a no vote.  Otherwise,
when all members return yes votes, or a specified time period has elasped,
the person is added to the group.
The membership of groups is knowledge that is limited to the members of the
group and the system.  Groupnames and membership is not public knowledge,
and unless you are a member of a group, a ls -g of a file with a particular
group set to it will return only the number (group-name->gid mapping is not
publicly accessible).  The group listing is kept wrapped in the system
public key, and each group is assigned it's own unique public/private
keypair.  The actual users do not know this key, it is held for them by the
system, but they can change thier effective gid if they are a member of a
group through a user command.  The groupfile help by the system holds
groups in the format: When a new member is "sponsored" the system uses the U_r of the sponsoring
member to pull out the group private key from this file and puts the
U_p(G_r) of the member they are sponsoring in a file similar to the group
file, but holding "probationary members".  Both the group file and the
holding file for sponsored users are wrapped with the system public key.
3.3 System calls and access to privacy additions
All of the addtions mentioned here are run through the kernel.  User-level
processes have no access to these facilities otther than through a few
functions that will be added.  Specifically, access to the additional
entries in the inode holding the file key K and to the public and private
keys held in memory will only be available to the kernel.  The regular
system calls that access this sort of information (stat, for example) will
return what they normally return under BSD.  Whether or not the data blocks
they may access are encrypted or not is determined by the kernel and the
keys assigned to a particular user process.
There will be a few additional system calls and functions to allow people
to change the group of thier process, perhaps to change the private/public
key running with thier process, and some new user programs to manipulate
the new additions will be created.  For the most part, I am trying to make
the applications and user processes run on top of this system as
transparently as possible.
3.4 General notes
These are just some notes about the system that I am lumping together under
the category of "general".  They include known weaknesses and general notes
on the bahavior and operation of such as system.  3.4.1 User interface to operations
The only significant difference a user will notice (other than the bizarre
permissions stuff for acls and groups) is a slight modification to the
login sequence.  The user will enter thier login and password as always,
and they will then be prompted for their private key wrapped in the systems
public key.  If successful they will have full access to thier files.  If
not they will still be able to login, but will not have a valid keypair
assigned to them and will be unable to access files they have on the system
that were encrypted.  I ahve not decided yet if the system will broadcast
it's public key to the user before asking for S_p(U_r) or if I should
assume they know it and then let it croak if they are wrong or it has
changed (allowing them to move around in a limited fashion with a process
without a keypair and find the new key).  I believe that the second option
is somewhat better at defeating some spoofing methods, but I am not really
sure... It should be noted that the public/private keypair that I have been talking
about as belonging to specific users should not be a keypair they
distribute.  The key is only for access and encryption of files on the
system and user's would be reminded often to use a completely different
keypair for email, etc.
3.4.2  Known weaknesses
Snooping on the line:
Compromising the system private key:
A few others that I am too tired to write down right now:
3.4.3  System public and private key
It may seem that I am wrapping a lot of stuff in the system public key when
it is not necessarily needed.  This is because I hope to set things up so
that most, if not all, system files are not encrypted.  The system protects
those files or bits of information that might need a little bit more
security through wrapping the piece in the system public key.  The system
private key is entered at the console at boot time (therefore it must
always be booted by hand), the private key entered is tucked away in memory
and is _never_ stored on disk (not even to swap space).  The system private key seems to be the most important thing to hide,
because if the system private key is discovered, it is possible to run the
system in a spoof-mode or to gain access to a lot of things just through
possesion of the hardware.  If an improper private key is entered at boot
up time things will fail fast because the system will be unable to properly
access most user files and the system will also be unable to attach valid
user private keys to thier processes because it will not be able to decrypt
the S_p(U_r) packages users send at login.  Another reason for sneaking in
S_p as a wrapper for things is that it makes it much more difficult for
someone with possesion of the hardware to substitute in a new
public/private keypair for the system.  They could put it in, but the
files and group lists wrapped with the old key would still be inaccessible.
The method for legitimately changing the system's public and private keys
will require the admin having both the public and private keys for the
system.  This means that if an admin loses the system's private key the
users are screwed, so the admin really needs to make sure this is not lost.
Making a couple of copies on paper and storing them somewhere might not be
a bad idea (I know someone who made a stencil of his asciified PGP private
key and spray-painted it on a couple of walls of abandoned buldings around
town.  It fits in with the other graffiti, is much less fragile than a
floppy disk, and only he knows what the graffiti means... :)
This is my basic outline, I welcome any comments or ideas people have on
beefing this up or problems in it that I may have overlooked.
file system:

@_date: 1993-03-01 20:51:30
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
[disctinction between crimes and torts wrt slander and libel...]
Remember the intent as well.  It is not enough that one utters false
statements, one must also intend to do damage with those statements (the
"malice aforethoght" part).  If I honestly thought that GM trucks were
firebombs waiting to happen and told someone else I am not being libelous,
but if I were to publish a statement that I knew was untrue (or one in
which I was negligent in my research, but I am not sure about this...) then
I might have a date in court in the near future...
Either way, these actions are civil one, not criminal.  The U.S. government
is extremely limited in it's ability to use prior restraint to prevent
publication of something (although there are many ways around the existing
protections, as many on this list will undoubtably attest to.)

@_date: 1993-03-02 08:34:19
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
Not really.  Since its foundation, the cornerstone of government is that it
maintains the only legitimate monopoly on the use of violence.  Like it or
not, this is how it works and most of the sheep/citizens are quite happy to
maintain this system.  It is kind of ironic that you would propose to ban
the advocacy of government on the nets considering the fact that without
governement the nets would not be here in the first place.  Sounds
inconsistent to me...

@_date: 1993-03-07 15:04:03
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Pgp 2.2 is out 
Well, since no one else seems to have mentioned it and it seems somewhat
important to the general purpose of this list, I thought I would make sure
poeple knew that PGP 2.2 is not out and available at ftp sites.  Here are
the sites listed in the announcement in alt.security.pgp:
I snagged mine from src.doc.ic.ac.uk, so I know it is at least at that

@_date: 1993-03-19 17:04:26
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: HIDE: embedded msgs in grphics & snd 
A nice idea, but functionally impossible with today's technology.  The
firmware of CD-Rom players does not allow them to read the digital data of
an audio CD and output it in digital, the output must be analog.  The only
exception to this that I know of is the SGI CD-rom.  This restriction
against digital output from audio CDs was put in after the music publishing
industry made a big issue over pirating music, etc...
I am not sure what mods have been done to the firmware of the SGI CD rom
players, but the people on alt.cd-rom say it can read the digital data from
audio-cds.  Without this capacity you are not going to be able to stick the
message in the CD as easily as you would be able to with a cd-rom player
that could read digital...

@_date: 1993-03-22 08:19:08
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Idea 
Perhaps it might make sense to digest them and offer the digest (perhaps
weekly or even a daily digest) as an alternative mirror of the regular
list.  The cypherpunks messages make a small percentage of my mail too, but
when I get a one or two hundred messages a day it is hard for me to keep
track of ongoing discussions in this list and I have a tendency to nuke the
messages outright if the subject doesn't interest me.  Redirecting the
messages to a seperate folder doesn't help much either because I sometimes
don't have the time to check the folder more than once a day and then when
I do check it I spend more time thinking about how to trim the many
messages than anything else...
It is kind of ironic that a list which deals with the dispersal and
protection of information only offers a single, inefficient, method for
accessing that information.  Offering a daily or weekly digest of messages
would be agood thing, IMHO. In addition to making the list accessible to
people who have real jobs or better things to do with thier time during the
day [ :-) ] it would also offer an easy method for archival of messages on
the list (e.g. just store the daily or weekly logs somewhere for ftp...)

@_date: 1993-03-22 15:52:28
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Idea 
It has already been done.  Find the majordomo package (i found several
sites with it via archie) and run this.  It will automagically digestify
and will also handle the subscribe/unsubscribe stuff.  It is close to being
a listserv for unix, but lacks the archive retrieval via mail functions.

@_date: 1993-03-24 23:26:25
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: A New Usenet... 
The automatic cancellation/censorship was the straw that broke this camel's
back.  I have had it with what I perceive as limitations in Usenet based
upon artifacts of a design that did not understand just how fast and large
it would become.  The time has come to rebuild that system.
No one else is going to do it if we don't, and no one will take into
consideration the distinct nature of privacy and expression in this medium
as much as the sort of people who are on this list.  The time has come for
a revolution.  I will take up the sword of my C compiler and the shield of
perl scripts alone if necessary, but I hope to find the cadre of network
visionaries and inspired hackers that are willing to help shape the next
generation of the Usenet.
Usenet is suffering from growing pains.  If you want to help shape it then
send me mail (I will set up an actual mailing list in the next day or two,
once I do so I will let people know.)  Even if you are not particularly
interested in working on this project, I am looking for a nice snappy name
(marketing, marketing, marketing.... :) and would love to hear suggestions.
Enough of the grand speeches though, here are a few things that I think
that need to be a part of the next usenet:
Multi-level news hierarchies:
MIME and crypto authetication built into messages.
Any other idea out there?  Let me know.  The only limitation I can see at
the moment on the scope of ideas is that it needs to be backward compatible
with the existing system; this makes it much easier to implement and have a
wide ranging audience from day one.

@_date: 1993-03-26 09:05:51
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: A New Usenet... 
This was what I was thinking about.  Something that would sit on top of the
existing usenet and provide different levels of service and information.  I
realize that it would be next to impossible to replace the usenet as a
whole, what I am thinking about is extended services and newsgroups that
exist in parallel with the current usenet paradigm.  For example, a "new
usenet" server could sit on prot 119, and when it gets a connection it can
work like a normal usenet server if no special information is given to it
or it can take articles for the authenticated service if additional
commands or flags are given.  To the regular user it would just appear as a
new hierarchy (newusenet.sci.crypt, etc).  If the person connecting wanted
to post articles to the new groups it would require them to use commands or
a client that extends the commands available in the current RFC.
As someone who has spent the past several years working in an AI lab, let
me tell you that this is a very, very difficult task.  The easiest method
is to do something like user-supplied tags, which is what is happening now
with the overview package and increased usage of the References line.
Don't expect the "tell me what is in this group that would interest me"
newsreaders to appear any time this decade and don't expect them to be
free... It is still much easier for a person to do this kind of filtering and the
current structure of usenet is designed for this.  The newsgroup naming
scheme allows readers to select groups based upon thier interests
(topic/name of the group) and moderation in groups allows filtering.  The
problem that I see now is that there are some unmoderated groups that are
too popular for thier own good.  Take comp.org.eff.talk for example.  I
would love to stay current on this group, but there is so much noise
(mostly in people repeating the same thing in 5 different subject lines...)
that I will often skip it if I don't have the time.  What would be nice
would be for a group to exist that selects articles and threads from that
group and puts them in some group like comp.org.eff.talk.best-of...
Eh, either way I will start coding....

@_date: 1993-03-26 09:56:16
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Anonymity, accountability, and control 
I believe that UUNET has applied for and received common carrier status, in
which case they are not responsible for thier traffic and cannot make any
judgement calls regarding the traffic coming from a particular site.  It is
kind of like the phone company; they may not approve of the 976-BABE
numbers, but as long as those operations do not break the law there is
nothing the phone company can do about them no matter how many complaints
they may receive.

@_date: 1993-03-26 13:20:12
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Anonymity, accountability, and control 
I am fairly certain that the people doing Skynet (Usenet news over
satelite) are common carriers (or at least that is what Len Rose told me, I
could be wrong...)  For an example that predates computer communication by
some time but might be a worthwhile example anyway, take a look at Western
Union's telegraph business.  What is/was thier status regarding the
messages they sent?

@_date: 1993-03-28 19:49:13
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: PGP Secure? 
This has been recently hashed over in sci.crypt.  Here are a few
generalities, read the articles in sci.crypt for the real numbers.
If I remeber correctly there are something like 10^152 primes possible with
a 512 bit key.  That is what most people refer to as a BIG number...  :)
What it boils down to is that anyone who tried a brute-force attack on your
RSA key is either very stupid or hopes to be very lucky.  (very, very, very
lucky)  It would be easier for the person to track you down, put a gun to
your face and force you to disclose the message.  Barring any mathematical
miracle with regards to factoring large numbers, RSA using large keys is
safe from brute-force attack.
The RSA key.  It would probably be easier for someone to try to brute-force
your IDEA session key than your RSA key; but this would only give them one
message, while cracking a RSA key gives you all messages that have the
session key wrapped with that RSA keypair.

@_date: 1993-05-29 17:02:37
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: crypto product list 
Source  : Information Systems Security Products and Services Catalogue
Source  : InfoSecurity Product News.  The trade rag of this business.

@_date: 1993-05-31 15:51:53
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
Try this idea out:  several machines agree to "host" a server.  Each machine
runs a virtual-server process that communicates with the other
virtual-server programs.  These programs then combine to run the actual
server (a sort of shared virtual multi-processor).  The server itself _has
no physical existence_ and could operate as long as only one of the hosts
is able to spare it some CPU and memory slices.  The "server" would
basically consist of it's instruction packets being bounced around the net.
Secure crypto communication between the "processors" with some reflectors
scattered around the net to provide easy access points for those wanting to
use the services and you have a service that doesn;t really exist, at least
not as far as current legal definitions go...  :)

@_date: 1993-11-06 14:58:02
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: some newbie DC-net questions 
Yes.  Lots of zeros.  Generally one would probably have a low traffic
"carrier" of zeros and then once traffic starts the system would ramp up to
a higher traffic/fast throughput system.
Generally one would have a signal that when boradcast by someone indicates
that they have the token for speaking and things progress from there.  It
is basically a distributed ring network (because of the lack of true
broadcasting over any distance) and so it will follow the standard methods
and protocols for networks of that type.
They will get a collision.  If an even number of members transmit at once
then the bit will be the opposite of what each expects to see, if an odd
number then it will be an undetected collision.  There are fairly standard
protocols for backdown on distributed broadcast networks.
ftp.cc.utexas.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/dc-nets  there is the chaum paper and
tim mays general outline; both were posted to the list a while back.  Once i
get motivated i will write up an outline of a proposed implementation for
mail passing I am going to try to get running to use to test the concept
and hack out any bugs...

@_date: 1993-11-07 15:08:13
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: some newbie DC-net questions 
Yes.  There are a couple of methods you could use to perform this.  One is
to burn a ton of random noise into a CD-ROM and mail it to your neighbor.
Another is to use public-key encryption to pass a large chunk of data over
the net (you know who your neighbors are, so it is relatively easy for them
to publish a key along with thier address when the net is forming) or you
could all agree to use the same PRNG and then you just pass seed values to
the person you share data with and let them expand it out as needed (if
bandwidth is limited, for example.)
Either way, if one transmission is compromised you are not necessarily left
visible to an evesdropper; they also need to know the random numbers that
are being compared to the data you exchange...

@_date: 1993-11-07 15:18:13
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: some newbie DC-net questions 
Yes and no.  In theory undetected collisions are unlikely.  In practice you
need to design against them in certain areas because unless you are talking
to someone on a true broadcast medium (ethernet, etc but not any internet
protocols above the datalink layer...) you are going to have to fake the
broadcast and depending on how you do this you could waste a significant
chunk of time and bandwidth passing a "token" around until the collision is
detected.  There will always be a delay in the time between broadcast and
reception so certain operations (like defining your channel in a
multiplexed broadcast network or getting any token or other identifier
necesary to let others know that someone is talking and they should not try
to transmit, etc) need to include steps to make sure that collisions are
detected early before significant effort and bandwidth is involved, where a
collision could make an entire round of messages need to be repeated...
And make sure that your backdown includes a bit of random wait added on or
else two colliding speakers will constantly run into each other.  A good
example of how to deisgn and layout such a system can be found in CSMA/CD
networks like enet (IEEE 802.3 i think...) or the satellite broadcasting
networks, etc.  The methods necessary to make such a system work most
efficiently have already been designed by others for networks that share
many common characteristics with a dc network, makes sense to use them, no?

@_date: 1993-11-08 14:48:24
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Private and Public 
Apologies for the political nature of this message.  To compensate, here is
a little ObTechincal:
And now the political:
Wny not?  Are they consuming different amounts of government services?  There are really two kinds of taxes, those that seek to tax people based upon thier use of certain items and services
(which is fairly constant among all members of a society) and
those that seek to tax people so that the governement can redistribute part of thier earnings to those who did not earn as much.  The idea of "fairness" you cite is a very relative term.  Life is
not fair, so why should we try to pretend it is?  The truth is, the
people who really get screwed are those in the middle.  The poor pay
little in taxes, and the rich are either powerful enough (to get tax
loopholes put into laws) or smart enough (or can hire someoen smart
enough...) that they pay very little in taxes.  That leaves the people
in the middle to shoulder the burden.
Maybe the government would collapse and disappear.  Not a pretty
thought, but considering how much financial trouble to this country has been _cuased_ by a bloated government, maybe something
to consider... :)
Why?  Are you jealous of thier wealth?  Do you seek to vindicate
some perceived wrong?  Do you think they consume more services from the government than they would otherwise pay for through
usage taxes?  Just curious...

@_date: 1993-11-10 12:49:18
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Applications of cryptography 
The title is:
Applied Cryptography: Protocols, Algorithms, and Source Code in C
Author: Bruce Schneier
Publisher: J. Willey and Sons
ISBN 0-471-59756-2
I got mine on Monday :)

@_date: 1993-11-11 01:04:02
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks Meeting 
The Austin Cypherpunks chapter will be holding its November meeting on
Saturday the 13th of November from 3 to 5 pm in a meeting room on the 4th
floor of the downtown branch of the Austin Public Library.  I have been
told the room we will be using is "the first thing you see when you get off
the elevator..."
The theme of this meeting will be an introduction to PGP and public key
cryptography in general.  We will be explaining how PGP and other
public-key cryptography systems work, and will go over some basic details
regaring getting such software packages and how to properly use them.
Bring your public-key on a disk of you have one, if not we will try to have
a machine available for you to use to generate your own public-key.
Additonal agenda items for this meeting include
 	-Digital Credit Union Project
To subscribe to our full mailing list or our announcement-only mailing
list, send mail to:       listproc at mcfeeley.cc.utexas.edu
Put the line "subscribe austin-cypherpunks [real name or nym]" in the
BODY of the message to subscribe to the full list and "subscribe
austin-cypherpunks-announce [real name or nym]" in the body of the
message to subscirbe to the announcements list.
Our file archives are available in /pub/cypherpunks via anonymous
ftp at: ftp.cc.utexas.edu
Cypherpunks:  There is safety in numbers... large primes.
Local contacts for your questions...:

@_date: 1993-11-15 16:04:04
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Portable crypto code 
Well, I do know of someone who is working on a cryptolib package that will
attempt to include a ton of crypto methods into a single library that
anyone can link to.  From email exchanged with this person it seems that he
is looking to get a unix version up and then let people port it around.
The math lib stuff is the most recent sticking point he was having: there
arenot many fast multi-precision math packages out there that are free (and
gmp does not cut it, he wants to be able to let anyone use the code however
they want...)  So far he has checked fgmp and bignum, but if anyone knows
of a fast package that has a berkelyish copyright let me know and I will
pass it on...
Maybe I can set up a list for this if people are interested.  The existence
of such a beast, even in a rudimentary form, would be useful to quite a few
people I would bet.  I will push him a bit to see if he will dump what he
has now into a package so that others can help out.

@_date: 1993-11-16 17:44:14
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: LD info posting... 
Perhaps it was meant as an object lesson in the necessity of the dreaded
"pseudospoofing" for Mr. Detweiller.  I find it rather amusing that many of
the same people who were arguing against L. Detweiler's claims of a
cryptoanarchic identity conspiracy are now objecting to the simple
presentation of the same information about LD that LD wants to make
available on all of you regardless of your wishes.
Quite ironic.

@_date: 1993-11-18 09:11:33
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: hohocon 
[regarding hohocon...]
Or can you be sure that anyone who might have access to any portion of the
physical wire at any conference isn't doing it?  Well, hohocon might be a
good place for the Austin Cypherpunks to test out a version of telnet and
ftp that should do Diffie-Hellman encryption, provided there is a machine
or two running a version of some PC freenix...   For people at hohocon itself we will be passing out a first draft of a
"crypto infodisk" with collections of articles and information about
cryptography and the importance of strong encryption in the current debate.
Depending on how long it takes us to get things together we might also have
a crypto source disk for people.  If people can think of other things of
cypherpunk interest we might be able to put onto disks to pass around let
me know.

@_date: 1993-11-26 15:28:56
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Another Demon 
Sigh.  Well, I don't think Kevin would mind me vouching for his existence.
Try fingering zeek at bongo.cc.utexas.edu, then asking directory assistence in
Austin for Kevin's phone number and calling him up...

@_date: 1993-10-07 19:25:35
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
It has been worse, it will get better.  This list goes through phases where
the discussion ranges from the good technical to the annoying op-ed that it
has been recently.  If it is way too high for you might I suggest you try
getting better software on your side to manage the traffic.
Has been proposed and shot down quite frequently.  The signal to noise
ratio of a newsgroup is much higher than a list.  A mailing list has a
self-regulating feature in that when the traffic becomes high and the
signal low everyone gets annoyed and _people learn to shut up!_  A
newsgroup does not have this feature and flamefests and other bullshit has
a tendency to feed upon itself until it drowns out everything else.
Just take a look at sci.crypt at the moment if you want a quick example.
There is a group dedicated to political crypto issues.  People still
insist on posting info to what should be a technical group even though
there is already a talk group for this stuff, and no amount of chastising or
reminders will dissuade them.
If someone were to do this to the cypherpunks group I would not be
surprised if someone just started a new mailing list and limited it to
invitation only for those who are interested in the real mission of this
group (cypherpunks write code, remember?  whining about bbs legal bullshit
and other topics just doesn't seem to fit the purpose.)
You can set up an easy filter and gateway so that at your site the list
does go to a local newsgroup (some people already do this), but please do
not presume to make such a decision for the rest of us.  If you want to
make it easy for yourself please feel free to do so.  There is apparently a
lot of software out there for handling this kind of traffic volume that you
are just not aware of.
Only the traffic would triple with even more bullshit as Sternlight and the
like takes notice of our little world.  More people would drop from the
list as you open the floodgates.
It takes someone about 5 seconds to figure out how to get around all of
that.  One advantage a mailing list gives us is the ability to maintain at
least on central point of administration so that if we did select a scheme
such as that on the extropians list we still have that option.  Once
something becomes a newsgroup we lose _all_ control we might have on the
list.  Do not split the list, do not dip it in the mediocrity of the usenet, get
better software and let the system regulate itself; have some patience.

@_date: 1993-10-08 12:19:23
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: iss source 
Why don't you just tell all of these people to get it via anonymosu ftp
from ftp.uu.net in the /usenet/comp.sources.misc/volume39/iss directory.
If they only have access to mail they should find a nice ftp-to-mail
gateway to do the job for them.

@_date: 1993-10-10 20:56:09
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The Bank of the Internet!? 
It has to start somewhere pal.  We are trying to start something small for
a specific reason (at least I am, I do not presume to speak for Doug or the
other cypherpunks working with us on the austin digital credit union):
We have specific goals regarding privacy and security which may be at odds
with certain members of the traditional finance power structure.  If you
know anything about how network protocols really come into being it is
because someone actually goes out, does the damn coding, and then people
refine that work later.  We want to score first so that others are forced
to follow our lead, it only takes a small push at the beginning to
determine the course of certain phenomena.
I could care less if eventually the Citicorps and Chase Manhattans enter
our arena and provide real banking services to the net.  In fact, I one day
hope to pitch them on that very idea.  The point of our work down here is
that we want to define the currency.  We want to make it secure, private,
and anonymous.  What kind of standards your future net.bank may have on
transaction records and other items relating to the net currency is between
you and your bank, I want to make sure that the currency itself gives the
possiblity for the highest possible levels of these "cypherpunk qualities". We are staring small and have no real plans on becoming future banking
powerhouses (The Gnomes of Austin perhaps... :) but we would rather it be
us who define the standard than Chase Manhattan or the US Government.
jim mccoy

@_date: 1993-10-10 21:36:09
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: DC-Net proposal,  comments requested 
Doug has already heard a lot of this over dinner discussions we have had on
dc nets and networking, but here are a few more things I have been thinking
about in regards to this.
The idea we hashed around in the token passing realm was that members of
the net would begin by knowing only thier partners (I will assume people
are being honest in the network for the moment...)  Each person will pass
packets to the left, the person they share thier data with in the dc setup
(i.e. the person whose menu they look behind and whose coin they compare
thier toss with.)  The "packets" will have two sizes, the small one for
token negotiation and a large one for data transmission.  Token-sized
packets are passed until someone suceeds in transmitting the "i speak"
token, then a data packet, and then token negotiation begins again.
Everyone prepares two random numbers, one for the data sharing that is part
of the dc net and another to use in the communications ring.  When people
have checked thier neighbors and are ready to transmit, they send thier
second random number (and a random signed token so they know when they see
thier token come back to them) to the person on thier left.  When a packet
is recieved, each number is incremented or not for the "same/different"
message and passed to the next member.  When your token finally gets back
to you it is possible to check for the message sent by the net, you know
your original random number and the number of passes necessary for you to
get your token back tell you how many people are participating.
Doug and I thought that perhaps if the broadcast signal was something like
"1111(rand 8 bits)1111" and people backed down when they sensed collision,
so that unless the 16 bits ended with 1111 people would know there was no
token in that round (0 is the default message, when people colliding stop
trying to send the negotiotion falls to zero for that round) and they would
try again.  Eventually someone would be able to transmit the sequence and
because the number in the middle is random only they would know that they
have the send token.  Then people communicate for the preset length of the
data packet and begin negotiating for the token again.
As far as breaking up and reforming the network I am still looking for
ideas, but have been reading some old crypto proceedings and I am going to
play around with some ideas and see if Chaum's blind signature stuff
coupled with a ZNP for proving identity might work (it happens to be the
article I was reading on the way over to work and it has gotten me
Yes and no.  The internet is not a connection-oriented medium and it is
impossible to know whether or not a particular packet made it through.
"Broadcasting" is also tricky for the same reason.  The designers of the
net have worked out several schemes for getting around these problems, it
makes no sense not to lift a few good ideas for this...

@_date: 1993-10-10 22:06:09
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Virtual City (tm) and Virtual Capitalism 
What would one buy with any digital cash?  Whatever anyone is willing to
sell them.  How about programs, stock quotes, orders for physical items,
newspapers and magazines, etc...
Quota is simply a manifestation of the only real resources that limit the
size of a virtual world, storage space and computation time.  There is no
reason to think that any currency exchanges on such systems would need to
limit themselves to this (but it does give one ideas as I will mention
later.) Well, I do not know much about what the virtual city people are doing, but
I can tell you a little bit about what I know of another MOO that is
working on such a virtual marketplace, the metaverse MOO being run right
now by Steve Jackson Games (metaverse.io.com port 7777)  While people are
still working on setting things up (the system is fairly new) a lot of
ideas have been tossed around such as real online games done by
professionsal corperations (sjg, etc) or online orders for magazines such
as wired or mondo, or perhaps ordering equipment at computer sales outlet
on the MOO.  All one needs is currency and then the buyers and sellers can
determine what the market will be.
I find the MOO system interesting because it provides a structure of
objects (data) and interaction of people and the objects.  One of the
reasons I have been interested in dc nets, encrypted filesystems, and the
like is because I think it would be interesting to set up a completely
distributed and secure/private computing system.  I have figured out a lot
of the filesystem and communications (i/o) issues through dc nets and
various encrypted filesystem ideas.  The stumbling block I kept running
into was how to build a network CPU.  What about a MOO?  The MOO
programming language itself is rather primitive, but it only concerns
itself with negotiation of the objects within the system and simple
interactions with those connected to the system; if one were to hook a
perl, C, and tcl interpreter into such a system and add flags to objects to
signal that they should be run through a particular interpreter then one
would have the necessary CPU(s).  One could use MOO money to pay for the
data storage and CPU time (object quota and server ticks) and those
providing cycles or storage space for the MOO would be compensated and the
system could theoretically grow without bounds.
Just an idea or two and perhaps a hint of things to come...

@_date: 1993-10-11 09:59:48
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The Bank of the Internet!? 
This is true.  We are not trying to do this alone.  We are working with a
major local credit union to be able to handle these sorts of things.  We
also have people involved who have some real experience in this area.  I
guess I will say that we are trying to cover all of the bases as best we
can (if you want a real fun mind-warp examine commercial paper and
electronic wire transfer law...) and that we are going to do something.
Enough has been bounced around in conversation here, we are going to try to
get something done now...

@_date: 1993-10-11 15:01:22
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Security through obscurity 
You are not going to be able to keep your algorithm secret, period.
Those who are determined enough will be able to dig it out of any
programs or chips you use to implement your algorithm.  Security through
obscurity is stupid because no matter how smart you may think you are
in hiding your method, there is always someone smarter who will dig it out and changing technology constantly lowers the barrier of how smart people need to be to dig information out of old locks using new tools.
The problem with security through obscurity is that if it is set up as
a part of a system people have a tendency to think that they can use
the obscurity to hide weaknesses in the system.  Once your system or chip
is out there in quantity there will be nothing on it you can hide, and any
weaknesses will be impossible to fix without a recall (severely damaging
trust and reputation with your users...)
If the algorithm is truly secure, then very little will be gained by
letting everyone know the method used, and by letting others examine and
test the system it is possible to have others establish the strength or
weaknesses of your method for you.  I do not trust you, I do not trust the
NSA, I do trust the cryptography community in general because they have
nothing to gain by misleading me.
Clipper has proven nothing because _no one has had a chance to reverse
engineer the algorithm_.  Give me clipper in software or give some of the
people on this list the clipper chips and see we'll see how long the method
remains secret.  So far clipper/skipjack is vapor.  When I can hold one in
my hand and tweak inputs and outputs then we shall see how difficult it is
to reverse engineer an algorithm.

@_date: 1993-10-21 11:17:56
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Money will always be just paper, but gold will always be gold...

@_date: 1993-10-21 13:47:58
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Alexander Reynolds  writes
Gold is gold.  As a jewelers son I can assure you that it is quite easy
with a touchstone and a few chemicals to assay the gold.  This is what
makes gold such an easily convertable currency, you can easily determine
the purity and weight of the bullion.  I have seen coins pressed by the
17th century spanish empire (from the Atocha, mostly silver, but a few of
the gold ones as well) that one could still negotiate today.  The value of
the coin or bullion is not that it has the backing of a particular
government, it comes from the material used.  This very fact is what distinguishes gold and other scare materials from
paper currency.  If the U.S. government collapses your dollars are going to
be just paper, but your gold coins will always be gold and can always be
used for negotiation.  This is why gold increases in value as governments
and economies become unstable (e.g. the recent problems in Russia caused a
slight increase in the price of gold as more people bought it, just in
case...) because it will always have a value regardless of which government
happened to package it.  In fact, it need not even be packaged/minted by a
government; I could just as easily melt down some jewelry and package it as
bullion myself and anyone else who I wish to negotiate my gold with could
easily verify the weight and purity of the gold themselves.

@_date: 1993-10-23 11:53:26
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Warning about exposing anon id 
A better method might perhaps be to set the Reply-To field to automatically
be the na address.  This makes it easier for people with smart mailers
and doesn't mess around with who the message is actually from...

@_date: 1993-10-25 02:28:57
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: A favor re Detweiler 
After reading this message, along with several others you have recently
sent to the list (and broadcasted in comp.org.eff.talk) I think that I am
not alone in bringing to your attention the fact that "you just don't get
it." Identity as most people know it, and as you are attempting to tightly cling
to, is dead.  Gone.  History.  Stick a fork in it 'cause it's done.
It has no equivalent on the electronic frontier.  Complaining about it and
bemoaning whatever loss you may feel will do nothing to change this fact.
I know this must be difficult for some people to understand; I routinely
get strange looks from people when I reveal that some of my closest friends
are people who I have never "met" in the traditional sense, and that I
regularly play games, exchange messages, and discuss whatever is on my mind
with people from across the globe who have no more physical substance to me
than wisps of phosphor on a crt.  This is a fundemental paradigm shift that you have not made yet.  It is one
that few have.  If anything, it is shared conceptual memes such as this
subject of identity in a world without substance that is the true
cypherpunk cause.  Sorry, by this was not written by Shakespeare.  It was penned by Sir Walter
Scott. ``In a false quarrel there is no true valour''

@_date: 1993-10-25 13:24:58
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Announcement: dc-nets mailing list 
Several of us down here in Austin, as well as others on the net are working
on various schemes involving the dining cryptographers protocol.  To help
coordinate efforts to put DC networks into operation and to work out some
of the necessary practical details of such an endeavor I have set up a
mailing list for people interested in working on such projects.
If you wish to subscribe to the list, send a message to the address:
listproc at mcfeeley.cc.utexas.edu
And include the line:
subscribe dc-nets [optional Real Name]
in the BODY of the message.  For help on using the list processing software
for subscription services or to get other information send a message with
the BODY consisting of the word "help" or "info" to the listproc address.
The address of the list itself is dc-nets at mcfeeley.cc.utexas.edu

@_date: 1993-10-26 20:42:37
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: DC-nets, up from the basic concept 
[regarding DC nets...]
Danger Will Robinson!
The only danger you really face in being revealed through a DC net is when
you are isolated by colluders on the graph.  I know who the people to my
left and right are.  If I am colluding with either one of them and you ask
to join the network I am on I will say "sure...you talk to person X" (my
colluder) and you are now completely screwed.
There are other options for network formation and joining, and I would
recommend against this one...
[regarding responsibility for messages and implication...]
Remember that on the net "legality" is often a _local_ thing.  With a DC
network consisting of participants from several different countries things
might get very interesting, because it would be imposible to determine who
a message came from and therefore who has jursidiction or even if any law
was broken...

@_date: 1993-10-29 19:33:25
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
J. Michael Diehl asks:
I found it in a net.sources archive (which should give a trip through the
wayback machine for some old-timers...)  You can now get it via anonymous
ftp in ftp.cc.utexas.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/utils/markov.shar.gz

@_date: 1993-09-10 22:13:50
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Digital warfare 
Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on your position) the two are
really inseperable; it is this fact above all others that I really think
gives the people inside the beltway the willies when it comes to
cryptography.  Information has no morality and is subject to no rules save
its own.  It is kinda like money in that way... >:)  If you have the ability to send message that is private there is nothing to
prevent that message from being a digital cheque for payment of services.
The "underground economy" is probably a lot larger than you would imagine,
and given the current political climate you might be able to get a lot
farther with the masses by telling them that digital money will give them
the ability to tell the IRS where to stick thier noses than pretending it
would never happen in the "crypto-enlightened age" and have an opponent
bring it up as a point against strong crypto.
The two are really inseperable and it seems to be of little value to
pretend that they are not.

@_date: 1993-09-20 13:12:16
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: money money money... 
I have been tossing some of the electronic money ideas around in my head,
and the two things that seemed to be the hardest problems were how to keep
the feds from stomping on such a bank and how to give its currency value.
Here are a couple of thoughts on these problems:
Why does it need to be a bank?  Actually, it seems to me that the first
step is to actually create the "currency" for use as a means of exchange
and let the net provide the banking structure.  Once currency exists
cryptography will allow for the banking structure to be created in whatever
manner the market demands.  The hard part seems to be the jump-starting
necessary to create the currency and get the system going.  So why not
approach this as a currency problem and not as a banking problem.  In other
words, how much easier is it to set up a "currency exchange and check
cashing" operation compared to a bank or credit union? All the digital currency exchange would need to take in the money from
users, and pay out digital coins in cash.  Once such an operation existed
the formation of a digital economy would be possible by just migrating
existing services to work with the system.  Such an operation could support
itself by charging a small transaction fee (e.g. $0.25 for deposits and
$0.25 for withdrawls plus the postage for sending the check...)
Products and Value:
I have only glanced over the papers available, but the IMP archive stuff
(internet mercantile protocols) might just provide the immediate market for
us to piggy-back upon.  The imp people seem to be oriented towards using
PEM for monetary transactions, but it seems to me that it would be possible
to subvert such a system for our own use by simply setting up a server
similar to an anonymous remailer that allows one to deposit electronic
currency from the previously mentioned currency exchange and then creates a
imp system PEM message coming from the remailer.  The remailer can ask as a
sort of purchasing agent, converting the digital coins created by the
currency exchange into whatever type of imp certificates the user wants and
it uses the purchasing agents identity to provide the anonymity that the
imp schemes seem to not care about... So, what say you fellow cypherpunks?
p.s. Anyone coming to the crypto conference in Austin Wednesday?  If so and
you want a copy of my most recent draft of a "Musings on a Crypto-Secure
Linux" let me know and I will bring a few printed copies...

@_date: 1993-09-30 13:22:04
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
Well, you can do this, but you are taking your liberty into your own hands
by doing so.  Once your computer is siezed as part of a valid search
warrant it is no longer "your computer" but is evidence in an ongoing
investigation.  If you were to booby trap your system so that there was
actual descruction of components or data you would do two things:
If you want to protect your data is such situations you need to set up your
system so that even if they have the data it does them nothing (e.g.
encryptiong), not so that it will destroy the data.

@_date: 1994-04-19 13:33:55
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Money Laundering thru Roulette 
[the betting thread goes on and on and on... :)]
It gets even trickier.  Roulette in the U.S. has even worse odds than in
Europe because of addition of 00 (another number that causes all the
even/odd, red/black, etc bets to lose)  The closest one comes to an even
money bet in a casino is betting "No Pass" in craps, and constantly betting
No Pass will make you somewhat unpopular at the table...

@_date: 1994-04-27 13:41:18
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: CU Crypto Session Sat 
[sat stuff and big mirrors...]
They do not need to be joined.  There already exist examples of "large"
telescopes on the ground that combine the light received by multiple
smaller mirrors into a single "synthetic image."  The individual mirrors
can be small for easy transportation and can be added over time to keep
increasing the resolution...

@_date: 1994-04-28 09:02:44
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: AT&T, Clipper, & Saudi Arabia 
No it is not.  This is the second time Clinton has lobbied the Saudi's in
favor of US companies (the first was when he helped McDonnel-Douglass and
Boeing get a $6B contract for jet transports.)  The other companies
competing for the contract were Northern Telecom (Canadian), Siemens AG
(Germany), Alcatel NV (France), and Telecom AB L.M Ericsson/NEC (joint
Swedish and Japanese venture).  As long as the U.S. still has points in the
region it seems reasonable for us to use them in favor of US companies,
doesn't it?
For a full article on the matter check out page B4, col 4 of today's WSJ
(which has the PGP article in it so you might want it anyway :)

@_date: 1994-02-01 12:25:40
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
It is the difference between "broadcast" and "interactive communication."
Tell me, if I call in to the talk show you are distribute as part of your
radio program, do _I_ now own the copyright to a portion of your show?
Buzzz.  According to your logic all that one needs to do is to change the
label on the order from from "Usenet articles on CD-ROM" to "Quarterly
Usenet Feed distributed on CD-ROM" and I am in the clear.  I am not selling
a collectoin containing your articles, I am providing a low-bandwidth
newsfeed to those who do not have the same level of connectivity you have
or that want the excitement of seeing thier newsfeed delivered over the
"original information superhighway" (aka postal services.)  It is still
store-and-forward, it is just store-forever-and-forward-not-so-often.
But under all the smoke and mirrors nothing changes the fact that I am
selling archives of the Usenet.  No amount of puffed up indignation is
going to change the fact that your Usenet posting or message to a mailing
list is of no real value to you and is honestly as free as a bird once it
hits the wire.

@_date: 1994-01-27 10:47:44
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: The Packwood Memorial Diary Server 
This has been an idea of sorts that I have been tossing around to Doug down
here over bagels and coffee; how to decouple the server from any single
physical host or subset of hosts in a cooperating pool.  There is some
interesting work in secure multi-party computation protocols that might be
coupled with a distributed MUD-like server to create a system that can act
as an information server or broker without needing a specific physical
location.   It would take some hacking to get things to work together, but it might be
possible to create a network of servers that listen for RPCish requests
from various other members of the network and together they might provide
enough ambiguity regarding where the actual server resides.  It would take
some work, but it should be possible...

@_date: 1994-01-27 12:02:12
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Remailer Noise Traffic 
Something to consider for this is Safe-Tcl and the proposed Enabled-Mail
extension for MIME.  Enabled-Mail will allow you to create a multi-part
MIME message that contains a script to be executed in a safe interpreter at
delivery-time (to the user's mailbox) or at read-time; one proposed use
listed in the draft was to generate return-reciepts when mail had been
delivered to the recipient.  It would be quite trivial to adapt this system
to send off an encapsulated message back through the remailers that would
take a random path through the system and at the final remailer ask to be
delivered to /dev/null.  If/when enabled-mail is accepted as a part of the MIME standard it will
become fairly transparent to the user and can be spread to more than just
Unix hosts.
It would be trivial to have the remailer randomize the paths generated in
the scripts it attaches to messages going out.
Again, this could be done by the script-generation process so that all
error messages are pointed to the remailer.

@_date: 1994-03-02 09:46:04
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: low-overhead encrypted telnet 
There is currently a chunk of code in the standard 4.3/4 telnet ref
implementation that does encryption (DES in OFB, CFB, and ECB modes)
It is a part of the AUTH-ENCRYPT module that is part of the telnet option
specifications. There is work being done by the AUTH-ENCRYPT working group to try to get
authorization tied more closely to the encryption options (last I heard
they were slowing down and had hit a problem exchanging IVs for the
encryption.)  This work is using authorization methods (Kerberos, SPC, RSA)
to drop in the key for the encryption.
There is work being done by the IPSEC working group to add encryption to
the IP layer of the protocol stack (telnet et al work at higher levels) but
I have not read anything recent from this group in a while and last I
checked they were still hashing out design details so I would not expect
anything on this front for a while.
There are a couple of people in Austin who have a version of the telnet
ref implementation that will do a D-H exchange of 688 bits which can then
be used by the ENCRYPT option and are trying to figure out which direction
the AUTH-ENCRYPT people are going so that they can make the DHX option fit
in seamlessly with the AUTH-ENC stuff (the DHX exchange tries to be first
and start up an encrypted stream and if the AUTH-ENC option is invoked
after the DHX exchange we want to switch to the new key without
disruption.)  Unfortunately 1994 has been a busy year, but hopefully there
will be an alpha or beta for CPs to test next week...

@_date: 1994-03-02 09:55:45
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: low-overhead encrypted telnet 
I sincerely doubt that such a system would be designed or implemented
before the turn of the century.  All one needs to do is take a look at the
PEM key certification authority clusterfuck to see just how difficult it
can be to implment something like this.
The additional benefits that adding encryption to telnet offer is that the
telnet protocol is used in more areas than telnet.  Many programs and
protocols use the telnet system for control channels and other bits so that
a significant change to telnet can have ramifications beyond just the
obvious ones...

@_date: 1994-03-16 00:40:45
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: digital cash 
Mark Hittinger  writes
Yes.  There will be nothing more liquid than information in an information
society.  Nothing.
Limiting the pool is harder than you would think.  Use all the numbers you
want, we'll make more :)
Seriously, the secret is to remember that the net transcends geopolitical
boundaries.  All you need is _one_ bank that can/will convert cash to
digital money and then _everyone in the world who can get an internet
connection can use it_.  The sun never sets on the string of machines I
have accounts on (I think...there is never a globe handy when you need
one...), and with the secure communications systems that are possible how
could any government hope to stop us?
But it would be possible.  That is the real danger digital cash poses to
government authority over the monetary system.  Once I can get my dollars
or dinars, or donuts exchanged into digital cash it is possible for me to
do things to it never before dreamed of.  I can take my locally exchanged
digital-donuts, put them on the net, and send them over to a bank in some
small island nation with lax banking laws for instant conversion at the
moments rate to some other international currency and transferal through
several anonymous accounts, and then zip them over to a network gold server
that will create a certified bullion deposit for me in a real bank.  I can untracably convert my paycheck into a gold deposit in a foreign
nation while sitting in my living room wearing nothing but my socks. I can
conduct intricate financial transactions that are completely outside the
realm of my governement to regulate, imagine what would happen to the
governement if _everyone_ could hide and launder assets as easy as criminal
syndicates.  If this does not cause some federal banker an ulcer or two
then they have no idea what the future will bring them, all the better for
us...

@_date: 1994-03-16 13:29:09
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: What's so bad about a Surveillance State? 
[...regarding a "surveillance state"...]
It really all depends on how angry you are about the turn of events.  The
U.S. has never really faced "terrorism" in the sense that it is a dark fact
of life in many parts of the world.  Look at how freaked out people were
about the WTC bombings.  An event such as this might push a lot of people
into considering such alternatives...
Now imagine a campaign directed by people with the intelligence and savvy
such that you would find in the fringe areas of the net (like here for
example...)  Even I could make a better bomb out of common household
chemicals than the one the WTC bombers used...  Imagine the effect of
random destruction upon some of the completely unprotected infrastructure
of the US:
Just take a scan through the RISKS digest and ask yourself what kind of
damage could be done if someone was really out to cause problems.  IMHO,
the biggest check we have against a rapid shift to a totalitarian
government is that our society is too open to repel an dedicated attack
from within...

@_date: 1994-03-16 15:20:47
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: digital cash 
This is true.  Reliable communications is important here and I was kinda of
waving my hand over them and assuming they will be there, but with the
current state of growth of the internet it seems to me that communications
will become more reliable and more widespread every day.
I can send my money to the bank by checking a little box on a form in the
beneifts division of my employer instructing them to deposit my paycheck in
a specified account in the internet credit union I belong to.  Yes, the
governemtn can still see it going out and can try to do nasty things to it
at the "digital border", but once a path past this boundary is found then
whatever lies beyond this point it outside of thier knowledge or control.  Yes.  Digital cash does give you anythign outright that you were not able
to do before, but it lets you do it securely, anonymously, and untracably
(depending on the system design) from the comfort of your own phone using
equipment and software that a huge number of people have daily access to.  I can walk down the street and purchase a chunk of gold, but I can't just
get on a plane and head off to switzerland or the bahamas at a moments
notice.  With telecommunication these options are available to anyone with
a phone and a computer and the transaction will be accomplished in seconds
instead of hours/days.
Yes and no.  They can try, but it is getting harder for them to do so every
day.  A bank on the internet could also let me transfer some of my deposits
into a checking account that I can access from one of the millions of ATMs
around the globe that are part of the Cirrus or Pulse, or whatever system.
What if your bank card let you deposit money from any ATM location into an
account that instantly forwarded it off to a digital cash repository? Or
let you withdraw digicash funds into a debit Visa card or other such
instrument.  There is so little cash being used by most people now that it
isn't even funny any more; but the options available for converting funds
has prolifereated to the point where it is hard to throw a rock in the US
and not bounce it off something that will give you cash from your ATM card
or credit/debit card.

@_date: 1994-03-18 11:52:40
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Illuminati Online infobot 
I think that sometime last night around 3am or so the mailer on io.com
began to send copies of some of Doug Barnes's mail (cman at io.com) to the
info at io.com address which then sent an auto-reply to the original sender.
I thought I fixed it before I finally went to sleep but apparently missed
something...  Sorry.

@_date: 1994-05-24 18:41:02
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: Looking for a paper... 
I am trying to hunt up a copy of:
The Dining Cryptographers in the Disco:
by Michael Waidner and Birgit Pfitzmann
So far the only ref I have found is the abstract in Eurocrypt '89, but I
can't seem to locate a copy of the entire paper.  If anyone knows of where
I might find a copy I would appreciate it...

@_date: 1994-05-27 15:20:43
@_author: Jim McCoy 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: NSA Helped Yeltsin Foil 1991 Coup 
One should also consider that there are rather intense rivalries between
between the KGB and the GRU and various military branches in the FUSSR;
intrigue and paranoia seems to be the norm among these groups, so if
someone is planning a coup in the FUSSR (something that earns one a rather
swift 7.62mm hole in the skull over there...) other considerations come
into play.  The plotters might have thought that it was less of a risk to
use cryptographicaly unsecure channels (or methods that they knew the other
FUSSR agencies were not using) on the assumption that the US would not get
involved than to use the standard methods and run the risk of a code clerk
or some other person running off and warning Gorby...  Additionally the "who is involved" type of info mentioned can also be
gained from traffic analysis without necessarily compromising a particular
code method, so unless the actual input data the NSA had to work with is
known a blanket assumption they can crack modern codes is not necessarily
needed for this report to be true...
