
@_date: 1997-04-04 14:21:32
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: Anonymous Mailing Lists 
Is there a combo-solution existing, an self-anonymouizing mailing list?
That is, you send the message to the list as normal listname at myhost.com,
it strips the From: headers and other headers, and forwards it to a closed
mailing list (only members can post, disabled 'who', ...).
Please CC to me any remailer-operator only followups.
Michael C. Taylor  Programmer, Mount Allison University, Canada

@_date: 1997-07-11 04:46:25
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: Jim Bell reference 
Most of her academic research was before she became involved in government
policies. Since she is now in a position of trust with the government she
could be the cypherpunks friend rather than foe. It appears that the paper
on key recovery  penned by various well-respected 'cypherpunks' like
Blaze, Neumann, Rivest, Schiller, and Schneier (not everyone I know) has
indeed had an effect on her. The one major difference in Dr. Denning's point of view is that she has a
large degree of trust in LEA. Period. That is the difference
between Dr. Denning and the average cypherpunk. Denning believes that encryption will hinder law enforcement. It will, it
may already. The difference is that she 'sees' a way to prevent that while
maintaining privacy of the indiviual (from other indiviuals). This is true
and if the infrastructure could be built it, would work to a
limited degree. The evidence is weak, in an article from May of this year, Denning quotes
500 cases world-wide, but neglects to follow-up with which of these cases
were solved regardless; due to other evidence or because the suspect was
using crummy crypto. Denning doesn't seem too concern with lawless government access, access
beyond the scope, government tampering or forgery of information which are
possible with poor key escrow technologies.
Denning talks of unnamed test projects, she thinks finanical businesses do
deserve to be special under export regulations (or knows that they would
lean on the regulations to remove them), and knows enough about people to
know that there is no need to mandate 'key recovery,' businesses want to
buy into it.
At least Denning does not recomment domestic restrictions (she'd be out of
a job if so) and is willing to admit to a change of heart. Anyway everyone knows that celluar phones catch more criminals than any
other law enforcement tool (like hard work).
Michael C. Taylor  Legalize mathematics

@_date: 1997-07-13 06:11:46
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: Routing around damage 
What else do you expect from mass-market commericalization of Network
Providers? "The cheapest route."
AOL's growth spurt and pains should of been a foreshadow for anyone
in the business.
-M, who's network access is not redudent nor is my NAP balanced-redudent
    (the backup route is 128K for NB last time I asked)
Michael C. Taylor

@_date: 1997-07-14 05:28:55
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: remailer@rcmp-grc.gc.ca ?? (fwd) 
Not really, several is often used to roughly translate in common usage as
about seven, so 'many' could be more than several. Just as a few is
roughly four. A couple is about two. At least there are too many to get court authorization for all of them,
especially those pesky non-North American sites. It would be nice to see more remailer. I do not know if transient
remailers themselves are a good idea, but I think transient operators of
same-named remailer is good.
remailer.com and remailer.net is taken, but remailer.org appears to be
available. Maybe we need a network of transient operators for a number of
remailers all out of a common domain. remailer at tcmay.remailer.org,
remailer at vulis.remailer.org, etc., which the machine names points to
different machines IP addresses weekly. It allows sites which want to block anonymous mail via remailers easily
(such as certain retentive commerical sites) via domain blocking. This is
both a plus and a minus. An Admin trying to stop harrassment of a user
could block all anonymous remailed mail with a simple block os all mail
from remailer.org. Security conscience sites could prevent outgoing
messages from sending to remailer.org. Legit users blocked by this
only need non-business access such as via a freenet or AOL trial offer
This would provide an increase in overhead for legal hassle for
net.weenies.  "No, I do not operate the anonymous remailer at
tcmay.remailer.org..."  "but I did last week."
It does not even increase the complexity at the user's end. Existing
software like premail, and Private Idaho wouldn't break. The only stumbling block I foresee is that the PGP private key
passphase would have to be shared amongst operators unless there is a
better way.
This may of been discussed by remailer operators before, I don't know.
If there is good solution to the private key passphase sharing then I
think the operation is possible without a lot of complex work. Maybe the
code from pgp.net dymanic domains could be used.
Michael C. Taylor

@_date: 1997-07-17 04:48:25
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: SPA statement and RSAC release 
The WebMuseum, MoMA, Le Photo magazine website, every artist run centre on
the Internet, how do you rate them? Nudity? Sex? Violence? Just about every gallery would include at least one of these either
directly or with suggestions of. Currently it is not the norm to restrict
gallery viewers to being of the age of majority, why should the online
equalivent have special requirements? I think the RSAC's need for RSACnews shows how myoptic their thinking is,
what about online Encyclopedias? Search Engines? Dictonaries? Heath Care,
Sexual Education? Photojournalism? People magazine ("How to undress in
front of your husband" was an photo article I think was published by
People in the 50s in USA)? Thank god public libraries didn't censor the books I read when I was less
than 18. I'd go crazy. I learnt a lot of things kids don't talk about in a
small town. Nor did the two university I went to when I less than 18
censor my Internet access. Michael C. Taylor

@_date: 1997-07-18 04:13:30
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: A.Jensen doesn't like Sympatico.ca 
Funny thing is that Sympatico.ca is NOT some fly-by-night ISP, but one of
the larger ISPs and has the deepest pockets. Sympatico is run by
the Stentor group, which is the Alliance of the provincal 'Bell' companies
in Canada. Each province buys the basic 'francise' from MediaLink (??) in Upper
Canada, and resells it and packages it how they want. I use Sympatico in New Brunswick (nb.sympatico.ca) which is a repackaging
of their NBNet service, but the admin is not the same as SaskTel
(sk.sympatico.ca) or Bell Canada (Ontario symaptico.ca). The problem is with is spam is not they do more of it, they are most
likely underqualified to fix the problem of non-Sympatico users using the
various Sympatico SMTP servers are a relay.
Michael C. Taylor  "Nothing in this message should be assumed true."

@_date: 1997-07-30 21:01:49
@_author: Michael C Taylor 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
Entrust Technologies ( has made Solo available for
download, free for 30-day evaluation & edu/non-profit. For Win95/NT.
A mere $49 Cdn (~35 US) for commerical usage...
For e-mail / file encryption, digital signature
Solo uses 128-bit encryption, which is CAST-128, the royality-free
algorithm invented at Entrust/NorTel. It also uses 1024-bit RSA public-key
cryptography and has DES, Triple DES available. Also follows FIPS 140-1 validated security kernel. It is compatible with
other Solo clients (of course), Entrust/Lite and Entrust. It looks like PGP Inc might have some decent competition. I assume that
it won't have the market pentration of PGP, but at least it will make a
dent and might force PGP Inc. to make their product robust and flexiable.
"Offer not valid in Libya, Iran, Iraq, Cuba, Angola, Syria, and North
I do not have any affiliation with Entrust or NorTel other than both being
in Canada. I don't even have a copy of Entrust/Lite.
Michael C. Taylor  "Not speaking on Mt Allison University's behalf"

@_date: 1998-07-23 10:34:30
@_author: M Taylor 
@_subject: Pegasus email, internal DES encryption? 
I've been sent this requst indirectly, and thought it best to forward it to
these lists, anonymously. I will forward any replies to the original sender.
-M Taylor
Hi guys.
Sorry that this is a little off topic, but I figure that here is my best
chance to find this information, all other resources (save damned
reverse engineering) having been exhausted.
If you have used Pegasus mail before, you would know that it provides an
internal encryption function.  This is some form of DES, accourding to
their web site, and is presumably < 40 bits, as they quite happily allow
worldwide downloads of the binard from the US.  However, actual details
on which form of DES, and how they turn an input password into a key
were not supplied.
Now, my company decided that this encryption was just dandy for
security, and that everyone should use it for all encrypted mail.  This,
along with their idiocies about passwords used have me quite annoyed -
but that is *far* from the point of this.
What I am wanting to do, so as not to have to give up my nice, efficient
unix mailer, while retaining the abilitiy to work with others is
implement (or locate an implementation of) the Pegasus encryption, and
then do a little hacking and add that to my mailer.
The main problem is: no idea what the format of the DES used is.
So, if anyone could supply me with a simple answer to this question, I
would be very apreciative.
 xxxx
