
@_date: 1993-11-11 03:13:29
@_author: Matt Bartley 
@_subject: Elm & PGP 
I'm having some trouble using the morepgp filter program that's in the
contrib/elm_nn directory of the PGP distribution.  It works nicely in
most respects.  However, I haven't been able to choose a good pager
program for morepgp to send its output to.
If I tell morepgp to use the 'more' program, it will page through the
mail message until it gets to the end.  When that happens, elm
suddenly retakes control and clears the screen.  The last screenful of
the message is therefore on the screen only an instant.  This is
A lesser problem is when the mail message has a PGP signature.  As pgp
works on it, it will say something to the effect of
However, it immediately passes control to more, which doesn't pause the
screen until the "good signature" message has already scrolled off the
screen.  At least in an xterm window I can scroll back.
Speaking of less, that's the default pager for morepgp, but it has
problems also.  It has the same problem as more where the pgp
signature information scrolls off the screen before it can be read.
However, since less clears the screen between each screenful, there is
no way to scroll back using the scroll bars of an xterm window.  Thus
I only get a few miliseconds to read whether whose signature was on
that mail message I just read...  I haven't found any command line options
for less that disable the screen clears.
Does anyone have any solutions to this problem?

@_date: 1993-11-13 11:13:47
@_author: Matt Bartley 
@_subject: key servers 
Could someone tell me where to find a list of PGP keyservers and how
to use them?  I haven't been able to find such a thing on
soda.berkeley.edu or on toxicwaste.mit.edu (the 2 relevant sites I can

@_date: 1993-11-16 00:44:06
@_author: Matt Bartley 
@_subject: secure phones - STU3 
I browsed through the owner's manual for the AT&T STU-III secure phone
unit today.  It has no technical information whatsoever (security
through obscurity?).
It uses a so called CIK (Crypto Ignition Key), which resembles one of
those electronic keys that hotels use.  It must be inserted in a
"lock" in the phone, and turned 90 degrees.  This will enable one of
the crypto keys that is stored in the phone's battery backed up memory
(loaded previously by a "COMSEC custodian" through a data port on the
phone.  The manual warns the phone must be in a relatively secure
location and points out an emergency erase button that wipes out the
keys stored in memory.
Then you call someone, say you want a secure channel, wait for
them to insert their CIK (and tell you so), then touch the "secure
voice" button on the panel.
The manual then says it will go through an "authentication process",
the results of which will be displayed on the STU-III's screen.  It
will show data such as the other stations ID number, the security
level of the channel (secret, top secret, etc), and the baud rate.
Does anyone know how this works technically?  My speculation: It seems
to be a public key system.  The phone's memory seems to contain a
secret keyring, and a CIK is a 'passphrase' to a secret key, to make
an analogy to PGP.  Then the authentication process includes
exchanging a session key for a conventional crypto system - no doubt
Apparently the NSA issues the keys to authorized agencies and
contractors.  The public keys contain information such as the ID
number of the key, possibly the authorized user's name, the security
clearance level for that key, etc, which is exchanged during
Am I on the right track?  Comments and speculations welcome.

@_date: 1994-01-11 23:42:20
@_author: Matt Bartley 
@_subject: please resubscribe 
I somehow got dropped from this list.  Several messages to
cypherpunks-request have ended up in /dev/null somehow.
Could someone please add me back to the list?
