
@_date: 2007-07-04 01:15:54
@_author: Erich M. 
@_subject: FYI: New US/EU passenger name records treaty leaked 
The new passenger name record  agreement between the US and the EU has
been leaked. The draft treaty text looks ready for a closing. A foreign
office spokesperson here in Vienna confirmed that, so this should be
more or less identical to the final version.
The letter from the EU presidency to COREPER dated june 28 includes the
draft agreement on PNR plus the US position in ANNEX2.
Full text [English]
Analysis of the new treaty in German [from today]
The gist: The new "push" system demands even more data from EU passenger
databases. What Mr. Frattini told the public about "reduction" is a
blatant swindle: more has been packed into the 19 points of the new PNR
agreement than the previously equired 34 datafields contained.
The withdrawal of the US from the Amadeus pnr data base comes at a dear
price to the Europeans: They have to deliver more and better
pre-structured data, fitting to the technical requirements of the DHS.
So data mining will much easier for DHS, as correct data extraction is
the first critical step to get the results desired.
Credits go to Tony Bunyan from statewatch.org who dug out that draft

@_date: 2007-07-12 10:19:02
@_author: Erich M. 
@_subject: FYI: EU parliament strongly condemns EU/DHS treaty on PNR 
Transatlantic news again on passenger name records.
Less than four hours ago [UTC 10:30] a sweeping majority of European
members of parliament strongly condemned the new transatlantic treaty
the EU council is to sign with the DHS.
Originally there were two resolutions: A joint resolution of the
liberal, socialdemocrat, green and leftist fractions in the EU
parliament, highly critical of the treaty. The conservatives had a
resolution of their own, a pretty weak one, supported only by the
fraction UEN [right wing catholics, populists, ex-faschists etc. ]
Shortly before the vote the conservatives withdrew their resolution and
decided to vote with the majority. Even the "vote by name" procedure was
dropped, close to 90 percent of the MEPs raised their hands in consent -
to thrash EU Commissioner Franco Frattini who is to close that deal with
the DHS.
According to EU rules the parliament is in this case only being
consulted because the Council of [national] Ministers decides on foreign
and security policy.
Such a large majority in parliament - a pretty rare case - against an
undertaking of the EU Commission/Council usually _never_ goes unnoticed
by the latter.
MEPs of all major parties - from right to left - I talked to all
expressed more or less the same: "enough is enough."
Enough from what?
greetz from Vienna
-.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.- -.-. --.-	
Joint resolution wind up the debate on statements by the Commission
pursuant to Rule 103(2) of the Rules of Procedure, by Sophia in 't Veld
on behalf of the ALDE Group Martine Roure and Stavros Lambrinidis on
behalf of the PSE Group SylviaYvonne Kaufmann and Giusto Catania on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group Kathalijne Buitenweg and Eva Lichtenberger
on behalf of the Green/ALE Group On the PNR agreement with the United  PNR Treaty in full text
Political parties in the EU parliament an overview
 Details and Analysis on the parliament's decision [German]

@_date: 2011-11-26 01:16:25
@_author: Erich M. 
@_subject: <nettime> moderate conclusions drawn from squire young's letter 
'tis true, methinks, companero John et al.  By the end of the "crypto
wars" [end of the nineties] an Australian website sported by far the
best up to date overview of [changing] crypto laws worldwide. Site was
run by a newbie named Julian Assange, funds: apparently none.
EPIC then had already tapped Soros & c funding and produced the best in
depth insight into global crypto laws - but yet mostly on dead trees:
booklets, books, brochures. Within months more of historical value.
During the Wassenaar and the iCrypto campaigns 1998 that marked the end
of the "crypto wars" in EU [except for the Brits] the Australians played
a significant role there.
Afterwards? One would meet Julian now and then at the ccc congresses.
Another gifted and rebellious hacker amongst [hopefully] more,
preferrably astray. Guy like companero Jaromil here on the list.
When they came up with the WL concept you could understand the basic
flaw at a glance: That was in scaling, as always.
- If WL became somewhat moderately successful, possible growth should be
very slow, because funds would be only trickling in, if even so.
Best outcome would be a "cryptome2" with a different geographical focus
and leaking program. Good enough, though.
- if WL really would take off, they'd need money: editors _skilled_ in
publishing leaked doqs. Pretty rare species, indeed. Even for good money.
- After a somewhat unspectacular and therefore regular starting phase -
WL took of. Cash poured in. I have a rough idea about how much during
that phase. Unprecedented for that project but far from spectacular.
Compared to the fundings of some [honoric] US civil liberties orgs: real
starvation rate limited to a year. Future unknown.
- WL could neither cope with the growth in editing requirements - so
they had to take to journalist prominence around the world. High level
talks to the chief editors' offices where yesterdays news are sold on
dead trees. This was the beginning of the end.
- And then the cash flow was shut down. All at sudden.
- All WLs main financing lines were under control of the US. The primary
fallback channel based in Germany, where General von Clausewitz might
have sighed and turned around in his grave. A German bank account.
Blocked by all US and major international online payment systems.
- The only option WL had left was to release truly massive fireworks
finally. All ammunition left at once. V2 style. Spare random and
neglible targets were hit.
Now all is up to the courts in The UK, Sweden and the US.
Bradley Manning and Julian Assange [not mentioned the other harrassed
crew] face "wild west winds" driving "pestilence-stricken multitudes".
Press coverage is fading slowly to level0. The more fading the more the
guys are in danger who had the guts to risk loosing their asses: First
of all Manning, second Assange. We need not worry much about Daniel
Domscheit-Berg. He was last seen here this week in Vienna touring the
wisecrack & higher level panels. ;)
If the only main media news topic worldwide - the economic meltdown -
persists for a while, both of them are doomed. Nobody will care. They
There is such a crowd of worldwide communicators on this list enjoying
access to all kinds of media other than silly fuqbook kampaigns due for
a praecox breakdown.
Analysis is good. Assistance is better under circumstances given.
