
@_date: 2001-04-16 18:19:44
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish into Cyberspace 
MojoNation and Zero Knowledge Systems. I say "friends" because long-term list members are either working for them, or founded them, or whatever. You all know what I mean.
I don't know what they're doing, or even if their companies still exist in the same form (same basic mission) as when I last talked to their principals. Consider these comments to be applicable to companies _like_ these companies.
governments, lawsuits by PC groups in America, boycotts (which are OK, of course), and even direct actions against corporate officers. How long will it be before corporate offices at EBay are bombed because birth control stuff is sold on EBay? How long before the President of Amazon is assassinated one night for "allowing" books like "The Satanic Verses" be sold on his  readily traceable to a physical location, acting as the "marketplace" location. Even more abstractly, Napster only distributed an _indexing_ application and then provided a forum for indices to be published. And yet what has happened with Napster is and was predictable.
name and address on your back, you _will_ be sued. A bunch of us pointed this out at a CP physical meeting in early 2000, when Napster was just starting to become known.)
 a la Gnutella, Mojo, etc. No identifiable nexus of corporate control. Online clearing. Reputation intermediaries. Digital cash (not strictly needed, if N (number of sellers and buyers) is large enough and there is no central clearinghouse which can be sued.)
sellers and buyers (peer-to-peer) or by robust encryption (a la BlackNet) is an important goal.
interesting" companies: they start developing some ideas of how to implement true untraceability, and doing commerce in uncoercible (transactions cannot be physically coerced) ways, then they BLOW IT:
any constable or narc or Fed who wants to find their corporate offices in Quebec or Mountain View or whatever village constitutes the capital of Anguilla.
out there. Markets for online porn of various kinds, markets for "specialty" interests, a free and open and unfettered market in Nazi memorabilia and other such newly-verboten items, and, the gold mine, markets in medical information, credit information, and other such data bases which governments seek to hold monopolies on. (Governments ain't stupid. Being the official Mafia, they know the value of regulating and controlling data bases.)
newcomers, let me move away from such banalities as "kiddie porn" market-
-though this is a real market which any truly untraceable tools will facillitate,
 obviously--and focus instead on the "credit rating market."
States decided that Alice's "credit records" should be forced to "forget" this item after some period set by legislative decree. Charles, who was told by Bob by that Alice defaulted on a loan, is ordered by the government that he may not reveal this information to Darva, who is considering making a loan to Alice and is willing to pay Charles a fee for supplying her with what he knows of Alice's past habits regarding loans.
This is what laymen, who usually think it a good idea, mean when they say "Your credit records only go back 5 years."
contra-freedom  laws. Usually called "data havens," though Bruce Sterling got it wrong (no insult meant to him) when he predicted in "Islands in the Net" that such data havens would be on Caribbean islands or in the jungles of Southeast Asia. Physical security is only the equivalent of a few dozen bits' worth of cryptographic security. (At the time "Islands in the Net" appeared, in 1988, I had already presented the "BlackNet" crypto scheme to my Silicon Valley friends Phil Salin, Marc Stiegler, Randy Farmer, Chip Morningstar, and a bunch of the Xanadu/AMiX folks. It did in cyberspace,
 a la Vinge's "True Names," what Sterling was simultaneously setting out in "Islands.")
or anyone else to tell Bob or Charles that it is illegal and punishable by fines and imprisonment to tell Darva that Alice cheated Bob at some time in the past? It isn't.
So it this what Mojo and ZKS will do? Is this what Vince Cate in Anguilla is able to do?
1. Because most music down-loaders (and many others with content to share) are lazy and Mojo requires them to take positive action to publish.  2. Because Mojo is sensitive to networks effects (when there are less than a hundred or so users on-line the reliability data retrieval quickly diminishes) and because of factor 1 there is less interesting data being shared.
The members of this list with always-on connections could easily put Mojo right by running a client configured to offer most or all of Mojo's services (block server, content tracker, publishing tracker and relay server).  This one small thing could provide the needed infrastructure to bootstrap.  Come on guys, it can't be that painful to participate, can it?
Look, I'm not loaded but if I can get a few dozen list members running the client (BTW, its small and easy to run, doesn't patch the OS, etc.) and stabilize the system, I'm willing to start converting Mojo currency out of my own pocket and pay those offering services.
of youngsters? Why is Anguilla not the credit rating capital of the world/
part of the reasons. (I admit that other reasons may be "Because Jim is not interested in being the pirate music capital, because the shareholders of ZKS choose not be child pornographers, because Vince doesn't want to be the credit rating center of the world.")
True, but he was/is interested in seeing the technology and the public Mojo service become generally useful.
use their technologies as described above, THEY ARE TOO VISIBLE.
in a visible way, which surprises me. Cost, priorities and a bit of laziness.  But all is not lost.  The public code includes almost all of the system and the parts which are missing I have on good assurance aren't that hard to reverse engineer.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-08-26 09:13:59
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
.... some really great stuff deleted
for privacy and untraceability. Realize that many of the "far out' sweet spot applications are not necessarily immoral: think of freedom fighters in communist-controlled regimes, think of distribution of birth control information in Islamic countries, think of Jews hiding their assets in Swiss bank accounts, think of revolutionaries overthrowing bad governments, think of people avoiding unfair or confiscatory taxes, think of people selling their expertise when some guild says they are forbidden to.
cash or untraceability tools have essentially failed due to a failure of nerve, a failure to go for the brass ring.
Right on target.  There is one aspect to this loss of nerve not mentioned: the correlation between those with the means and interest to pursue these avenues and those with merely the interest.
One of this list's members shopped here and elsewhere a few years back for participation in building a DBC-based payment and value system.  He had assembled a team with the banking experience, needing the technology implementors.  None were willing to put their talents to the test.  They all nodded regarding the need for such a facility but none would expend any efforts.  They were all being courted by the failed dot.bombs which waved generous salary and stock offers.  Now that the tulip market has evaporated along with the dreams of quick riches I wonder if any these pseudo-zealots were ever really interested or was it a merely a childish fancy from the start?  As Tim demonstrates the opportunity is still there it waits only for those with the right stuff to grab for the ring.
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-08-27 03:24:52
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot  
problem. Those with the financial means (and maybe some political/technical interest) set up a company and hire those with the technical abilities and interest. The company may be self-funded by the founders, or outside investors may be sought.
ZKS did it and raised, we hear, something like $60 million. Quite a warchest for untraceability tools. ZKS has been much-discussed here.
blinding patent may be tough. (Some of the "agnostic" approaches discussed here may work, technically, but will probably still be litigated. A public company is a public target. The current owners of the Chaum patent, a Canadian company IIRC, will not look dispassionately on other companies doing an end-run.)
targets. The attacks could be just simple legal ones, but could range up to RICO and beyond. "Pedophile-grade untraceability" is powerful stuff. How long before Mojo faces lawsuits analogous to what Napster faced?
Very unlikely unless it raises to challenge the current crop of Napster replacements.
traders and the company itself. Those who downloaded or uploaded music got nastygrams and threats of civil action, and the company itself was sued and now faces extinction. It may be that anyone developing such tools should just give up on the idea of becoming a dot com tycoon and instead release products untraceably...perhaps benefitting in other <> would expend any efforts.
say about his schemes and plans.
Actually, I was referring to Steve Schear.  He worked at Citicorp for some time and attracted a number of former mid and senior VISA people, one help found Sonnet Financial an online foreign exchange service, to work for First eCache.
Grabbe. Do some Web searches. Orlin has good banking credentials himself (Wharton, coined the term "regulatory arbitrage"), good libertarian credentials (a powerful newsletter for many years), some technical abilities (writes code), has been willing to move to places like Costa Rica, and, most importantly, he UNDERSTANDS the "sweet spot" argument.
Steve has also argued these points.
flitting around to various lists and focussed in on the wrong end of the cost/benefit continuum. He kept claiming the DBC or E$bux or whatever would be cheaper to use than real money.
attack, and then deploy systems which target that high-value sweet spot. The real bankers and the regulators won't allow such things into the official banking system. (Why do people think the banking system will embrace "digital bearer bonds" having untraceability features when true bearer bonds were eliminated years ago?)
I believe First eCache intended to be compliant with know your customer regs, depending upon independent market makers and money changers to provide the necessary indirection for unlinkability.  If so it would difficult for the banking system to easily exclude them.  In the same down.way the regulators have had a very difficult time bringing the Black Market Peso Exchange down.
Free, secure Web-based email, now OpenPGP compliant -

@_date: 2001-12-07 20:33:09
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: WSJ again touts 802.11 as an emerging open solution to wireless 
High-Tech Hobbyists Develop
Internet Links for the 'Masses'
By PUI-WING TAM and SCOTT THURM
Staff Reporters of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
ASPEN, Colo. -- Jim Selby clambered up a ladder onto the roof of a
four-story office building here to survey his little alternate empire.
"I've got one on top of there," he said, pointing to a distant rooftop, "and
one there, too." Mr. Selby was speaking of all the gray antennas dotting the
skyline, broadcasting Internet access all over town. The service is fast and
free, which makes Mr. Selby, who put up the towers, a bit of a
"I've got Aspen nailed!" says Mr. Selby, 35 years old, as he gestures at a
dozen antennas atop low-rise buildings. "I've opened the network up to the
Some of the nation's big corporations have racked up billions of dollars in
losses trying to bring high-speed Internet access to all who might want it.
But the 6-foot-4 Mr. Selby, an avowed ski bum, is doing it in his own small
way with a combination of Russian military-surplus antennas and electronic
parts from a hardware store. His antennas allow anyone in a 45-square-mile
area around Aspen with a computer and a $120 plug-in card to surf the Web
over the airwaves free at speeds 30 times as fast as with a standard modem.
Mr. Selby is a wireless guerrilla, one of several hobbyists around the
nation who are building shoestring wireless networks out of such materials
as potato-chip cans and rubber hoses. They are doing so by piggybacking free
of charge on the premium high-speed Internet connections that telecom and
cable companies provide to many homes and businesses for as much as $1,000 a
month. Even so, Mr. Selby, who eventually aims to charge for access to his
network, says he hasn't encountered any resistance from providers of such
high-speed links, who don't seem worried about his plans.
Mr. Selby and fellow guerrillas now operating in cities such as New York,
Portland, Ore., and Seattle are defying the conventional wisdom that
building high-speed networks is complex and costly. Their secret is a
technology known in technical lingo as 802.11b, or Wi-Fi. It was never
intended for public Internet access. Using the same unlicensed radio
spectrum as microwave ovens and baby monitors, it was designed primarily to
transmit signals for 300 to 400 feet in wireless corporate computer networks
and from a phone line to a laptop. But history is full of unscripted
uprisings just like this, in which people take an existing technology off
the shelf and put it to an unanticipated use.
It doesn't take much time or money to set up an 802.11b network. "All that's
involved is a simple geek factor," says Bruce Potter, a wireless guerrilla
in Leesburg, Va., who estimates it cost him $500 in cables, wireless cards
and other equipment to create a wireless node atop his house. "I've built
three or four other antennas so far using Pringles cans, and that cost me
about $4."
Many of the guerrillas have adopted a crusading tone about their work. "I
want bandwidth to be as free as air," says Rob Flickenger, who founded a
free wireless network in Sebastopol, Calif. Bandwidth is the capacity to
carry data; broadband is used to describe connections that are faster than
conventional modems. Kevin Rich, a Denver-based proponent of free wireless
networks, adds: "We want to make it a people's movement."
Wireless guerrillas could face trouble from their own Internet-service
providers for allowing nonsubscribers to tap in, but so far nobody has
bothered them because of the small number of users involved. Shaun Gilmore,
executive vice president of Qwest Communications International Inc., which
provides local phone service and high-speed Internet access in Aspen, says
the wireless guerrillas are "creative people developing creative ways" to
make high-speed Internet access available. Building an 802.11b network to
piggyback on a high-speed Internet line is "not technically illegal," Mr.
Gilmore says in a statement, but adds that it can slow the Internet
Mr. Selby began investigating wireless technologies a few years ago. Through
word of mouth, he found a wireless-equipment supplier in Solon, Ohio, from
whom he bought two surplus Russian military antennas for a total of $700. At
an Aspen hardware store, he picked up a length of rubber hose to protect the
wiring. Then he placed the antennas, which he nicknamed "the Ruskis," on an
office building owned by some friends and atop his own townhouse.
When Mr. Selby flipped the switch in August 1999, not much happened. "We
didn't know squat," he says. But after making a few adjustments, he had a
faint signal between his house and the office building. His friends' office
was connected to a T-1 line, a direct, high-speed link to the Internet. He
had created wireless coverage in a 13-block area. That gave him an idea: Why
not deliver the Internet to everybody in town?
Mr. Selby quickly sold his house in Detroit and plowed $80,000 into
broadening the network. He began scouting out locations for other antennas.
Last year, a former high-tech executive who lived in a mountaintop home gave
him permission to put up an antenna in exchange for free wireless service.
That increased the network's wireless coverage by five square miles. Mr.
Selby soon made the same barter deal with other mountaintop residents.
Word of the free network began spreading. Bill Gurley, a partner at
Benchmark Capital, a Silicon Valley venture-capital firm, and Sky Dayton,
founder of Internet-service provider Earthlink, unexpectedly tapped into Mr.
Selby's network while in Aspen for a conference earlier this year. Mr.
Dayton opened his laptop in his hotel room and found he could choose from
four guerrilla wireless networks, including Mr. Selby's, to reach the
Internet. "I was floored," Mr. Dayton says.
Other entrepreneurs are launching companies to offer small-scale Internet
access via 802.11b in airports, hotels and coffee shops. And some think the
technology could be harnessed to offer commercial high-speed Internet access
to homes and offices. These developments could conceivably spell trouble for
long-delayed "third-generation" cellphone networks, which are to offer
high-speed data services in addition to voice.
Security is an issue, as some companies using 802.11b discovered when
hackers tapped their corporate networks. Mr. Dayton says he can detect a
neighbor's 802.11b network when he logs on at his Los Angeles home. You
can't prevent people from picking up the signal, which is why Mr. Dayton
sees his neighbor's network, but you can encrypt the traffic so they can't
read it. Most experts think the problem can be circumvented.
For the past few months, Mr. Selby has been concentrating on scraping
together more cash to expand the network, which he says has attracted about
70 free users, including 10 regulars. He plans to augment his 13 antennas
with three more by the end of the year. To raise cash, he sold the wireless
network in August for $120,000 to a small Aspen company called Broadband
West. Mr. Selby, who still runs the network, says he and Broadband West hope
to start charging an unspecified fee for the wireless access sometime next
year. When the network shows up on somebody's laptop, the person will be
directed to a Web page and asked to provide a credit-card number and pay a
Write to Pui-Wing Tam at puiwing.tam at wsj.com and Scott Thurm at
scott.thurm at wsj.com

@_date: 2001-02-08 20:18:25
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Offshore hosting 
InSatCom offers the most advanced digital Network Operations Center in the Caribbean. All client data services including internet web hosting and server co-location are transmitted through a fully redundant satellite earth station. Our nine meter dish simultaneously broadcasts to multiple transponders ensuring a reliability factor of 99.9%. The threat of unauthorized entry is virtually eliminated with advanced firewall software and hardware. Further, customers' transactions and personal information are encrypted to retain complete privacy. Best of all, your business is protected from all outside inquires by the Offshore Privacy Act of 1996 which sets severe penalties for any release of information including corporate identity, revenues and profits.

@_date: 2001-02-16 14:09:44
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: cryptome on Mojo 
A snapshot of cryptome.org, taken on February 9th 2001, has been published to published on Mojo Nation and verified as available.  The Mojo address of the .zip library is:

@_date: 2001-01-09 17:18:38
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little Boomlet 
As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S.,
Bermuda Hosts a Little Boomlet
By MICHAEL ALLEN Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
HAMILTON, Bermuda -- Operating out of a hurricane-proof command center in a former U.S. military base, Paven Bratch is a tax examiner's nightmare.
Although his Internet company, music and video merchant Playcentric.com ( has just 10 employees, didn't go live until September and has yet to turn a profit, it has the structure of a major multinational. Its computer servers are located here, its operating unit is in Barbados,
 and it has a distribution deal with a big record-store chain in Toronto. The 36-year-old Mr. Bratch figures this setup will save him so much on corporate income taxes and other expenses that he'll be able to undercut Amazon.com Inc.'s prices by more than 45% and still make a bundle.
"One thing that always amazes me is, why would anyone who's planning on generating a profit locate themselves in a full-tax jurisdiction?" he says.
'First Generation'
Plenty of dot-coms are asking themselves the same question these days. Undaunted by their industry's growing ranks of flameouts and hoping to emerge as one of the profitable few, dozens of them are popping up in tax havens around the world.
In Bermuda, they range from tiny publisher ISI Publications Ltd., which sells hard-to-find business books under the domain name Booksonbiz.com (
 to E*Trade Group Inc., the big online stockbroker, which is locating its international trading operations here. Further south, on the Caribbean island of Antigua, an American trader has set up Indextrade.com ( to allow small investors to bet on swings in market indexes, while in Cyprus,
 a former British jazz singer is doing a brisk business by listing vessels such as a Soviet-era submarine on Ships-for-sale.com (
"These merchants are the first generation who can really domicile anywhere,
" says Andrea Wilson, chief executive of Bermuda-based First Atlantic Commerce Ltd. ( which provides credit-card payment systems for e-businesses. "They can be a virtual corporation if they choose."
The trend started with Internet gambling companies, which fled to the Caribbean to avoid the long arm of U.S. law. But now, thanks to an explosion of new telecommunications links to places such as Bermuda and Britain's Channel Islands -- and an ambitious push by promoters in such countries as Panama to set up facilities capable of hosting hundreds or thousands of Web sites each -- more-legitimate Internet companies are starting to make the leap A Wealth of Ambiguity
There are serious questions about whether some of the structures would pass muster with the Internal Revenue Service and its foreign counterparts. But many accountants figure there's enough ambiguity in the industrial world's offshore tax codes that e-commerce companies could, at least theoretically,
 rack up tax-free profits for years before the authorities sort things out.
The issues are often murkier than for a standard offshore tax shelter, because they involve technological innovations that the U.S. Treasury couldn't have anticipated when it began laying the ground rules for offshore taxation in the 1960s. For instance, nobody's entirely sure how to tax the earnings of a programmer who sells his software by allowing buyers to download it from a Web site hosted on a computer server in a zero-tax jurisdiction.
Some tax attorneys take the position that the sale takes place where the server is located, and that the business owes no corporate or sales tax in the buyer's home country. "It would be no different than you or I getting on a plane, flying to the Bahamas, and buying a T-shirt in the hotel," says Lazaro Mur, a Miami tax attorney.
New telecommunications options have brought Bermuda and much of the Caribbean even closer than a plane ride away. Cable & Wireless PLC's phone monopoly among former British colonies in the region is breaking up, and C&W's new competitors are starting to lace the seabed with modern fiber-optic lines,
 breaking down old technological barriers to working offshore.
At the same time, so-called server farms -- warehouses built to accommodate row upon row of computer servers -- are sprouting up to accommodate high-
tech newcomers. At Fort Clayton, a former U.S. military base in Panama, local entrepreneurs plan to open a 50,000-square-foot "high-tech hotel" later this month they say will be capable of hosting as many as 1.2 million Web sites.
HavenCo, a self-proclaimed "data haven," announced plans last year to host Web sites from an antiaircraft platform abandoned by the British after World War II. The North Sea platform has a colorful history: In 1966, a retired British army major seized control of it and has operated it for years as the sovereign "Principality of Sealand."
Ryan Lackey, HavenCo's chief technical officer, says the company, which spent the summer upgrading electrical power and air conditioning on Sealand,
 has more than 30 servers up and running, connected to the mainland by satellite and wireless service, and hopes to expand to as many as 5,000.
He says the company has fielded "several thousand" sales inquiries. "The big thing people really want is e-mail servers, because in the past people have been getting their e-mail servers subpoenaed," he says. He adds that HavenCo would only comply with subpoenas issued by the Court of Sealand. "But there's no Court of Sealand, so it's very unlikely."
Tax savings are the big selling point for many of the installations. "Offshore + Ecommerce=Tax Free Heaven," screams a banner ad for Bahamas.net, which offers server facilities in the Bahamas for as low as $2,200 a month.
Bermuda, which has a rich history of helping foreigners shave taxes, also is doing its best to encourage the migration offshore. Its two biggest banks,
 Bank of Bermuda Ltd. and Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Ltd., have launched major e-commerce initiatives, establishing systems to allow online merchants to bill customers in several major currencies. A common refrain among business leaders on this tiny fishhook-shaped island is that Bill Gates would be a much-richer man today if he had originally established Microsoft here.
The pitch helped reel in Robert Edwards, an editorial cartoonist who lives in Canterbury, England. Not long ago he went looking for help in setting up a Web site to sell works by him and about 30 other artists from around the world. Tipped off to Bermuda by a visiting delegation of businesspeople,
 he registered his company online through Appleby, Spurling & Kempe, a local law firm here, and was quickly directed to Web designers, a hosting site and a credit-card intermediary, First Atlantic.
Late last year, at a total cost of less than $200,000, his Drawnandquartered.com ( went live, offering 4,000 artworks, which can be downloaded online with a credit card, for $200 and up. His company doesn't pay any income or sales taxes, and he only has to pay personal-income tax on the salary he draws. "I'm a perfect example of how it can be done," he Playcentric's Mr. Bratch, a former Procter & Gamble Co. manager, says he relied on advice from an international tax attorney in structuring the online retailer, which will market its compact disks, videos and DVDs partly through packaged-goods makers who want to reward loyal customers. Mr. Bratch, a Canadian citizen, put his operating unit in Barbados, which, unlike Bermuda,
 has a tax treaty with Canada, in order to take advantage of the Caribbean nation's corporate income-tax rate of just 2%.
He says he located his computer operations in Bermuda because of its extensive banking and telecommunications infrastructure. Its attractions include a state-of-the-art server facility built in an old U.S. naval base by 360networks Inc.'s TeleBermuda International unit, which laid an undersea fiber-optic cable to the U.S. in 1997.
Tax considerations also helped lure Todd Middagh, chief executive of Originals Online Ltd., to Bermuda. His brainchild: a site that will allow importers,
 exporters and shipping companies to swap legally binding trade documents online, instead of wasting days with couriers. "It's a digital product, global in nature, 24-hours-a-day world-wide," says Mr. Middagh, who has already attracted the interest of several major grain companies, including Archer Daniels Midland Co.
"We're going to be in almost every jurisdiction over time," he says. Meanwhile,
 Mr. Middagh, a native of Canada, will be presiding over the company from his house here, which overlooks the Atlantic Ocean.
Scott Rubman, a Long Island, N.Y., real-estate attorney whose family has long been in the fur trade, is putting together Furs.com (
 a Bermuda-based site that plans to match mink farmers in, say, Norway, with fur-coat manufacturers in North America and China. As an American, Mr. Rubman may face a bigger hurdle in shielding any offshore profits from taxation. Unlike many other countries, the U.S. taxes its citizens on their income world-wide.
"If you move offshore strictly to evade taxes, that's something the U.S. will always look at," says Mr. Rubman, who is getting plenty of advice from U.S. tax experts. "When you have a legitimate business purpose to transact business offshore, I'd think the U.S. would be supportive of that."
And if the U.S. isn't supportive? Cryptographer Vince Cate thinks he has that covered. In 1998, the onetime Carnegie-Mellon University Ph.D candidate walked into the U.S. Embassy in Barbados and renounced his American citizenship,
 declaring that he was henceforth a citizen of Mozambique, thanks to a document he purchased for $5,000 over the Internet.
Then, he went back to the Caribbean island of Anguilla, where he had developed a reputation as a computer-encryption visionary. Among his many ventures,
 he has taken over the operations of an online marketer of driver's-license information that had run afoul of a new privacy law in Texas. Mr. Cate plans to build the business without paying a cent of taxes.
"Because I'm not a U.S. citizen, I'm not in the United States, and Anguilla has no taxes, I don't believe I have any problem," he says.
Write to Michael Allen at mike.allen at wsj.com8

@_date: 2001-01-16 16:06:54
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Hatch Pledges to Keep Online Music Accessible 
This article from THE STANDARD, Intelligence for the Internet Economy,
has been sent to you on behalf of mean-green at hushmail.com
 Sender's comments: "Hatch Pledges to Keep Online Music Accessible"
The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee vows to ensure that digital music won't be controlled by a few powerful distributors. By Elizabeth Wasserman FREE NEWSLETTERS
Sign up for e-mail newsletters -- Media Grok, Intelligencer, New Gig, and the Internet Architect Spotlight.
Copyright 2000 Internet Industry Publishing

@_date: 2001-01-16 19:02:52
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: CanadaComputes.com - U.S. Web site operator wins court appeal against snooping airline 
This message was forwarded to you from CanadaComputes.com ( by mean-green at hushmail.com.
Your friend's comments:
No comments were submitted by the user with this request.
The story referenced by your friend can be found on the CanadaComputes.com web site here:
U.S. Web site operator wins court appeal against snooping airline
Jan 11 2001 08:16:14:000AM

@_date: 2001-01-25 16:29:59
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Offshore Financial Centers Face New Regulatory Pressures 
Offshore Financial Centers Face New Regulatory Pressures BY CHARLES PIGGOTT
St. Peter Port in the Channel Islands  a self-governing crown dependency of Britain  is home to Guernsey's growing offshore financial services industry. Like most offshore financial centers, it has thrived on the back of the surging international wealth-management industry during the past decade. In this tranquil harbor town, the offices of large international private banks like Credit Suisse now jostle alongside the tourist shops looking out over the quayside yachts. This year, bank deposits in Guernsey banks topped  billion ($88 billion), 8% more than the year before. The neighboring Channel Island of Jersey, just 15 miles off the coast of France, has a similar story to tell. "Money is flowing in and this is very encouraging," says Richard Pratt, director-general of Jersey's Financial Services Commission. Deposits in Jersey's banks have grown to more than  billion, while Jersey-based investment funds reached  billion earlier this year, up 50% from the year before. Yet despite the healthy growth of offshore private banking, even well-regulated tax shelters like the Channel Islands face a difficult paradox: the more successful they become, the more pressure there is to close them down as large countries worry over lost tax revenue Larger countries want tax shelters to cooperate not just in the fight against money laundering and fraud, but in more routine matters of tax collection. On the other side of the debate, offshore jurisdictions with minimal tax and spending requirements resent outside interference in their internal Laurie Morgan, Guernsey's most senior politician and president of the island's advisory and finance committee, says: "Nobody, not the EU nor the OECD, nor any other body is suggesting that we change our tax code, only that we apply it fairly to residents and non-residents alike. We have no quarrel with other countries taking steps to guarantee their tax revenues, but what we do object to is large countries grouping together to bully us into how to run our country.
 Offshore shelters like Guernsey in the Channel Islands are now confronted with calls for greater transparency.   Since last spring, a series of international initiatives against money laundering,
 tax evasion and bank secrecy have stepped up the pressure on offshore financial centers. First, in April the Financial Stability Forum (FSF), a G-7 arm set up in the wake of the 1997 Asian financial crisis, published a report on offshore financial centers based on a survey of financial regulators. The report listed Hong Kong, Luxembourg, Singapore, Switzerland, Dublin (Ireland), Guernsey, Isle of Man and Jersey among the best-regulated centers. But among the 27 worst-regulated were European centers Cyprus and Liechtenstein.
The FSF report warned that in the event of continued nonadherence to international standards of regulation, transparency and cooperation, offshore centers could face sanctions including the withdrawal of aid from institutions like the International Monetary Fund and other multilateral development organizations. The report also suggested that regulators could stop domestic companies from doing business with or in problematic offshore financial centers.
In June another intergovernmental group, the Financial Action Task Force,
 published a list of 15 "noncooperative jurisdictions" whose "detrimental practices" hamper the fight against money laundering. Included in this list were Russia, Lebanon, Israel and Liechtenstein. Later that month, the OECD also published a list, this time of 35 "harmful" tax shelters. Included in the OECD list are European financial centers such as Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, Liechtenstein and Monaco. Other centers, such as the Cayman Islands, Cyprus and Malta, missed out on inclusion only by promising to cooperate with initiatives to close tax loopholes. Frances Horner, head of the OECD's tax competition unit in Paris, says: "What we want is to stop the illegal nonreporting [of investment income]. In other words, we do not want the veil of secrecy in one jurisdiction to encourage citizens in any other to break the rules laid down by their own domestic authorities." . The OECD wants offshore centers to exchange information with overseas tax authorities not just in criminal investigations such as serious fraud and money laundering, but also in routine civil matters. Tax shelters included in the OECD list have until next summer to cooperate or face inclusion in a second definitive list of harmful tax shelters and the possibility of sanctions from OECD countries. Guernsey and Jersey were added to the OECD list after they refused to sign a letter of commitment, even though both were given a clean bill of health by the other recent reports into offshore financial centers. Guernsey politician Mr. Morgan explains: "The OECD wanted us to make the highest-level political commitment to do whatsoever it might require in the future. We wouldn't dream of signing such an open-ended agreement. So now we have 12 months in which to reach an accord." Some have complained that the OECD and other groups have given little guidance on how blacklisted financial centers can get themselves off the list. Jersey Financial Services' Mr. Pratt says: "None of these organizations designed a process through which [jurisdictions] can get themselves off these lists and they have yet to come up with an appropriate exit strategy." Multilateral negotiations between offshore financial centers and intergovernmental groups like the OECD and G7 are now likely, but little progress has been made so far. In addition to mounting pressure from the OECD and G7, low tax jurisdictions also need to convince the European Union that they pose no threat to EU plans to close tax loopholes on its own doorstep. Like the OECD, the EU also wants tax shelters to share information on private bank accounts.
Since 1997, EU member countries have been able to choose between implementing information-sharing agreements with other members, or charging a withholding tax on savings accounts. After 2010, however, all EU countries will be expected to implement information-sharing agreements. This will effect Luxembourg and Austria, whose secrecy laws forbid banks from handing over client information to foreign tax authorities in all but the most serious criminal investigations.
The abolition of bank-secrecy laws in Europe is still the subject of hot debate. Lucien Thiel, managing director of the Luxembourg Bankers' Association says: "The problem isn't bank secrecy, but the abuse of bank secrecy, where it is used to hide dirty or criminal money."
Both non-EU Switzerland and the EU's Luxembourg abstained from the OECD's recent recommendations that countries should loosen bank-secrecy codes. Meanwhile, Mr. Thiel says Luxembourg would only agree to EU plans on information sharing if non-EU countries accept the same conditions. Luxembourg fears that it will lose bank deposits to countries that preserve higher levels of confidentiality, particularly Switzerland, if it holds out for bank secrecy.
There are reports that private-bank clients are already reacting to increasing disclosure between high-and low-tax jurisdictions. Says Linda Foster, a partner at Andersen Consulting in London: "[Offshore] private banks are starting to encourage their clients to at least think about full disclosure. So yes, money is flowing back onshore, but not necessarily just because of tax."
Europe's tax shelters will have to walk a tightrope in the next 12 months between cooperating with larger governments and losing deposits to less scrupulous jurisdictions. "We must not chase money out of Europe. If other countries are not subject to the same conditions, money will simply go further afield," says Mr. Thiel, of the Luxembourg Bankers' Association.

@_date: 2001-01-26 11:36:46
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Web war rages over DVD-cracking site 
[Wherein John Young finds a powerful commercial ally]
Web war rages over DVD-cracking site
By Lisa M. Bowman, ZDNet News
In a move that free-speech activists hope will be trendsetting, Internet service provider Verio is standing up to the movie industry by refusing to remove a Web site the Motion Picture Association of America says is illegal.

@_date: 2001-01-30 19:23:22
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Bell Grand Jury Experience 
about perjury and self-incrimination during testimony. Lawyers
say this is standard, but possibly lethal.
that all questions will go unanswered to avoid self-incrimination
and that the US Attorneys Manual recommends excusing a
grand jury witness who does that. See the USAM on this:
Interesting.  This seems considerably at odds with the position taken by courts regarding use of 5th Amendment in IRS cases, which restrict the right of those testifying (information on tax forms is sworn and therefore treated as testimony) to specific items of inquiry and do not permit wholesale use of the 5th.
"If the form of return provided called for answers that the defendant was privileged from making he could have raised the objection in the return,
 but could not on that account refuse to make any return at all. We are not called on to decide what, if anything, he might have withheld. Most of the items warranted no compaint. It would be an extreme if not an extravagant application [274 U.S. 259, 264] of the Fifth Amendment to say that it authorized a man to refuse to state the amount of his income because it had been made in crime. But if the defendant desired to test that or any other point he should have tested it in the return so that it could be passed upon. He could not draw a conjurer's circle around the whole matter by his own declaration that to write any word upon the government blank would bring him into danger of the law. Mason v. United States, 244 U.S. 362 , 37 S. Ct. 621; United States ex rel. Vajtauer v. Commissioner of Immigration ( January 3, 1927) 273 U.S. 103 , 47 S. Ct. 302. In this case the defendant did not even make a declaration, he simply abstained from making a return. See further the decision of the Privy Council, Minister of Finance v. Smith (1927) A. C.

@_date: 2001-11-07 13:05:20
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Cash - egold co-op 
Egold attempts to solve a number of transactional issues, especially non-repudiation.  It doesn't directly address privacy concerns.  One aspect of establishing financial privacy is unlinkability and one of the best ways to offer that quality is to use bearer instruments during the buy and/or sale of an otherwise trackable transaction.  I'd like to invite those with an interest in egold (and other metal backed ecurrencies) to contact me.  If there is sufficent interest I'd like to kick off a cash-egold co-op to provide a introduction agency for these activities.  I'll be at the Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting this Saturday ready to buy and sell limited amounts of egold.  Come bring your web enabled and configured Sprint PCS phone or laptop with wireless link.  If you wish to buy or sell more than a few hundred dollars please contact me by Friday.

@_date: 2001-11-14 21:17:03
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Red Herring: Terrorism and the challenge to globalization. 
[Another glimmer of hope as even some of the mainstream business press is venturing beyond simple patriotic flag waving.  Posted in its entirety as its not online.]
Terrorism and the challenge to globalization.
BY PETER SCHWARTZ
THE CATASTROPHIC, evil attacks on the United States are the result of deep grievances held by violent factions of radical Islamic movements. But within hours of the World Trade Center's collapse, many voices that have been raised in opposition to globalization were arguing that the attacks were the result of the American drive for global political and economic hegemony. Is there really a connection here? The question is not whether there is some grand conspiracy. Rather, the question is whether the events of September ii are part of the same story as the challenge to globalization. If so, what does it portend?
There are several good arguments that the answer is yes, there is a bigger story that ties together fanatic Islamists and World Trade Organization protesters. Both are challenging American power, and both are opposed to American global dominance of culture, economics, and politics. But there are different interpretations of the opposition to globalization.
The globalization debate is really about the power of global corporations, argues Paul Hawken, cofounder of gardening retailer Smith & Hawken, and an active participant in Seattle's anti﷓WTO demonstrations. In his forthcoming book, Uprising, he suggests that a loose network of worldwide organizations is attempting to limit global entities' power to dominate, exploit, and sometimes corrupt societies. These network groups are not opposed to trade, private enterprise, or modernization; they just want these pursuits on terms that recognize certain values. They are repelled by violence. Still, they believe global companies hurt, more than help, people, and that poverty and corporate tyranny fertilize the soil from which fanaticism grows.
Kevin Kelly, the former executive editor of Wired magazine and the author of Out of Control: The New Biology of A4acleines,Social Systems and the Economic World (Perseus, i995),suggests that radical Islam could come to play a role similar to that of Communism. The Communist movement around the world served to organize opposition to Western capitalism and give hope to the oppressed, however misplaced. Today in the Islamic world, America is seen as the source of poverty and powerlessness, while radical Islam is seen as the strongest opponent of American power, and the source of an alternative vision of better life. For American citizens, the violent extreme of radical Islam has become, like Communism before it, the nightmare that organizes our darkest fears.
The United States calls itself the land of freedom and democracy, but, argues Benjamin Barber, author of Jihad vs. McWorld: How Globalism and Tribalism are Reshaping the World (Ballantine Books, t996), it supports an often oppressive and undemocratic international order. Institutions like the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, and the WTO all function behind closed doors, where the United States and its brethren control the world economy. America has opposed efforts to increase transparency of the system and broaden participation in it. The U.S. government has opposed several new treaties covering issues like global climate change, war crimes, and even biological weapons. Many who challenge American power see the country as reserving democracy and freedom for itself.
If these interpretations of political reality are valid, we can glimpse where the geopolitical future may be headed. If radical Islam is the new Communism, we may be in for a long and ugly war. This scenario involves a world of perpetual conflict with no winners. As atrocities on both sides feed on each other, the dividing lines become deeper and wider in an ever more﷓terrible cycle of violence.
If Mr. Hawken and Mr. Barber are right, there are at least two possibilities. In the best of all possible worlds, democratic governance would begin to emerge globally. Existing institutions would become more transparent and democratic. New institutions would be created to better regulate common elements like the air and the oceans, and to establish appropriate global rules of behavior for corporations.
But one has no trouble imagining another scenario, in which the United States refuses to surrender any sovereignty and acts unilaterally in its own interests. In such a rogue superpower scenario, the reception for U.S. companies around the world will become chilly indeed, as the world lines up to resist American hegemony. Sympathy for any new horrors inflicted upon the United States will be very limited, and cheers will be heard in Paris and Rome, as well as in the back streets of Gaza and Karachi.
PETER ScHwaarz, chairman of the Global Business Network, is also a partner at the venture capital firm Alta Partners. Previously he headed scenario planning for Royal Dutch/Shell in London. Write to letters at redherring.com.

@_date: 2001-11-15 09:34:43
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Red Herring: Terrorism and the challenge to globalization. 
Stupid article, and your comment doesn't make much sense either.
First, the terrorist attacks are the best thing that has ever happened
for globalization.  No one is a purer anti-globalist than bin Laden.
Now the anti-global movement is associated with death and terror.
Anti-globalization protests have been scaled back and cancelled all
around the world since September 11.  To the extent that radical Islam
is the new standard bearer for anti-globalism, the movement is doomed.
My comments had nothing directly to do with globalization and everything to do with the (unintended?) consequences of arrogant and naive domestic and foreign policies.

@_date: 2001-11-18 21:57:16
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: De-Macrovisioning Hardware 
and $60, which will supposedly remove Level 1 Macrovision.  Sima makes a
more pricey device, the "Color Corrector" which claims it will remove both
level 1 and Level 2.
for building my own device, but estimate parts at a minimum of $80, not
accounting for soldering time.  (I'm specifically looking for a device
that will take RCA in, perform its job, and give me an RCA out.)
I've had a Sima SCC for over six months.  It works flawlessly on every DVD I've thrown at it.
oblivious to the fact that content providers had so thoroughly spread
their poison as to reach the legitimate attempts of user Alice to route
her laptop's tv-out through Alice's vcr, so as to watch a DVD on a 21" tv
instead of a 14" LCD.
Macrovision, and contribute the compressed results to the body of DivX ;-)
works out there. I tried DivX but later changed to sVCD.  At the higher bit rates its virtually broadcast quality, much better than VHS (even S-VHS), and you can cut CDs to play on many home theater DVDs and on any Windows laptop using PowerDVD.  Great for time shifting your DVD rentals ;-)

@_date: 2001-11-21 00:08:53
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Carnivore To Get "Magic Lantern" 
MAGIC LANTERN installs so-called keylogging software on a suspect's
machine that is capable of capturing keystrokes typed on a computer. By tracking
exactly what a suspect types, critical encryption key information can be
gathered, and then transmitted back to the FBI, according to the source, who
requested anonymity.
      The virus can be sent to the suspect via e-mail perhaps sent for the
FBI by a trusted friend or relative. The FBI can also use common vulnerabilities
to break into a suspect's computer and insert Magic Lantern, the source said.
      Magic Lantern is one of a series of enhancements currently being
developed for the FBI's Carnivore project, the source said, under the umbrella
project name of Cyber Knight.
Possible countermeasures:
1. Air gap - run your pgp client from a machine which is never connected to the net
2. Add ID token (e.g., Dallas Semi iButton) support to gpg

@_date: 2001-11-22 09:58:37
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jamming technology blocks cell phone rings  
[I've played around with an expensive version from another vendor.  It appeared to function (my dual mode CDMA PCS phone quickly became inopperative).  Range was limited due to low power output (about 12wm).  The circuits are very simple and the addition of an inexpensive 10-12db power amp stage for both the 1900 and 800 MHz bands would extend effective ranges to 50m or so.
This is a good candidate for anonymous cash sale.  It could become the next teen gota have prank product (the laser pointer "dotting" thing is about played out.)]
Jamming technology blocks cell phone rings By Reuters November 21, 2001, 10:00 a.m. PT HONG KONG--A Hong Kong company hopes to sell signal jamming technology, previously used by the military to thwart lethal missiles, to block annoying cell phone calls in places such as hospitals, places of worship and restaurants.

@_date: 2001-11-23 19:15:33
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Passive three dimensional track of non-cooperative targets 
GLONASS signals US Pat. 6,232,922 Passive three dimensional track of non-cooperative targets through opportunistic use of global positioning system (GPS) and GLONASS signals A method and apparatus for utilization of GPS, GLONASS or other existing RF signals is disclosed. These existing RF signals are scattered by targets, with a receiver of these scattered signals providing processing to extract three dimensional track of these objects. Angle-of-Arrival (AOA) information of a received signal may be used, but is not required. Modifications of standard GPS signal processing allows observables such as range-sum, range-difference, and bistatic Doppler frequency to be observed. These observables, when coupled with standard bistatic/multistatic location equations, provide unambiguous and even redundant information on target coordinates. The method/device employs a modified code (range)/carrier(Doppler) search routine for initial target search/acquisition, wherein a direct path signal is used as a reference from which chip delay and Doppler shift excursions are examined. In this manner, the range and Doppler components observed will correspond to [rang!
e-sum-direct path] range, and true bistatic target Doppler irrespective of the satellite or receiver induced Doppler shifts.

@_date: 2001-11-29 21:23:36
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: US Pat. No. 6,219,185: Large aperture diffractive space 
[Intended for astronomical and continuous sub-meter earth surveillance.]
A large (10's of meters) aperture space telescope including two separate spacecraft--an optical primary objective lens functioning as a magnifying glass and an optical secondary functioning as an eyepiece. The spacecraft are spaced up to several kilometers apart with the eyepiece directly behind the magnifying glass "aiming" at an intended target with their relative orientation determining the optical axis of the telescope and hence the targets being observed. The objective lens includes a very large-aperture, very-thin-membrane, diffractive lens, e.g., a Fresnel lens, which intercepts incoming light over its full aperture and focuses it towards the eyepiece. The eyepiece has a much smaller, meter-scale aperture and is designed to move along the focal surface of the objective lens, gathering up the incoming light and converting it to high quality images. The positions of the two space craft are controlled both to maintain a good optical focus and to point at desired targets !
which may be either earth bound or celestial.

@_date: 2001-10-04 10:52:16
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: How-to be a sheep article on the WSJ 
October 4, 2001
A Pivotal Point In American Life
IT IS EASY TO ASSERT that Sept. 11 "changed everything." It certainly is redefining normalcy in New York and Washington, where the sound of a siren or the darkness of a blown fuse revives the anxiety of that terrible Tuesday. But life is changing irreversibly in peaceful places such as Tyler, Texas, too.
The sting of the terrorist attack will fade, albeit more slowly for those whose loved ones perished. But Sept. 11 looks like one of those pivot points in American life. Its true significance will be clear only with the hindsight of history. Three weeks is time enough, though, to begin to see the magnitude of the changes -- and they aren't limited to New York and Washington.
Before Sept. 11, Americans worried about the growing capacity of government and business to use technology to instantly retrieve and share intimate details of our lives. When the Department of Health and Human Services was drafting new privacy rules for medical records last year, it got 52,000 comments.
Today, concern about privacy is displaced by concern about security. At Tyler's tiny airport, the screeners open every carry-on bag and examine every crevice. But no one complains, even silently, about exposing dirty underwear in a public place. Public pressure to protect the confidentiality of financial information, the subject of those small-print notices stuffed in bills and bank statements, is now countered by a more urgent need to track the terrorists' money trail.
Technologies that seemed frightening to many last month -- such as the cameras and software that scan and identify faces in public places -- seem comforting today. Polls show a surge in support for a national identity card, especially when it is described as a way to combat terrorism.
BEFORE SEPT. 11, the U.S. was striving for frictionless air travel, offering boarding passes at computer terminals and baggage check-in at downtown counters. Complaints about air travel weren't about fares, which were driven down by competition, or safety, but about delays caused by the popularity of air travel.
Today, we are putting friction back into airplane check-ins -- and that, along with fear of hijacking, may drive American families back into their cars. "The generation that dominates most markets, the baby boomers, are obsessed with safety and their own well-being, more than any other generation that has preceded them," says Jim Bulin, a Northville, Mich., consultant to the auto industry.
0See more information about some of the items mentioned in this column.
* * *
Please send comments to capital at wsj.com1. We'll post selected replies at WSJ.com/CapitalExchange2 on Sunday.
The generation that put bike helmets on kids and durable car seats in minivans will be reluctant to fly to Disneyland or Club Med. The attacks have revived talk of building a world-class high-speed rail network. But that's just talk. For now, many more families will be taking vacations by car.
Before Sept. 11, the U.S. was, with some hesitation, erasing its national borders. A long-simmering dispute over allowing Mexican trucks to travel U.S. highways was nearing resolution. The border with Canada was all but invisible. President Bush was pondering ways to legalize the status of immigrants from Mexico who came here illegally.
Today, we are fortifying our borders again. The aerial photos of trucks waiting to carry parts from Canadian factories to Detroit-area auto plants are just the most tangible evidence. Congress is moving to fortify the Canadian border. The power of globalization to wash away the nation's borders like ocean waves seems less inexorable at a moment when the president has created an office of homeland security.
THE IMPORTANCE of government was widely questioned before Sept. 11. For a time, Washington was plain boring to many. Then, thanks to Bill Clinton, it became fascinating in the way a soap opera is fascinating. And Washington became a venue for sitcoms. The power of markets to produce prosperity was self-evident; the potential to privatize functions once reserved to government appeared unlimited. There was debate, but there was no doubt which side was winning.
Today, the centrality of government -- particularly the one in Washington -- is unquestioned. The government is criticized for not foreseeing or preventing the attacks, and for the adequacy and shape of its military and economic response. But no one is calling Washington irrelevant. The widespread belief that a federal takeover of airport security is the best way to assure travelers of their safety suggests a slowing in the momentum to privatize everything, no matter how strong the economic case for privatization and competition.
The lasting impact of Sept. 11 is likely to be greatest on Americans in their late teens and early 20s, "the people who are still young enough to have their values being formed," Mr. Bulin suggests. For them, Sept. 11 will likely prove as important in shaping attitudes and behavior as the traumatic Kennedy assassination and the divisive Vietnam War were for an earlier generation. And it is truly impossible to predict just how that will show itself in the decades ahead.

@_date: 2001-10-04 11:45:49
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: How-to be a sheep article on the WSJ 
[Reformatted for legibility:  linewraps and indent.  Please take the few
moments to present material in a clear and readable manner.  KMSelf]
    October 4, 2001
    Capital
    A Pivotal Point In American Life
    IT IS EASY TO ASSERT that Sept. 11 "changed everything." It
    certainly is redefining normalcy in New York and Washington, where
    the sound of a siren or the darkness of a blown fuse revives the
    anxiety of that terrible Tuesday. But life is changing irreversibly
    in peaceful places such as Tyler, Texas, too.
    The sting of the terrorist attack will fade, albeit more slowly for
    those whose loved ones perished. But Sept. 11 looks like one of
    those pivot points in American life. Its true significance will be
    clear only with the hindsight of history. Three weeks is time
    enough, though, to begin to see the magnitude of the changes -- and
    they aren't limited to New York and Washington.
    Before Sept. 11, Americans worried about the growing capacity of
    government and business to use technology to instantly retrieve and
    share intimate details of our lives. When the Department of Health
    and Human Services was drafting new privacy rules for medical
    records last year, it got 52,000 comments.
    Today, concern about privacy is displaced by concern about security.
    At Tyler's tiny airport, the screeners open every carry-on bag and
    examine every crevice. But no one complains, even silently, about
    exposing dirty underwear in a public place. Public pressure to
    protect the confidentiality of financial information, the subject of
    those small-print notices stuffed in bills and bank statements, is
    now countered by a more urgent need to track the terrorists' money
    trail.
    Technologies that seemed frightening to many last month -- such as
    the cameras and software that scan and identify faces in public
    places -- seem comforting today. Polls show a surge in support for a
    national identity card, especially when it is described as a way to
    combat terrorism.
    BEFORE SEPT. 11, the U.S. was striving for frictionless air travel,
    offering boarding passes at computer terminals and baggage check-in
    at downtown counters. Complaints about air travel weren't about
    fares, which were driven down by competition, or safety, but about
    delays caused by the popularity of air travel.
    Today, we are putting friction back into airplane check-ins -- and
    that, along with fear of hijacking, may drive American families back
    into their cars. "The generation that dominates most markets, the
    baby boomers, are obsessed with safety and their own well-being,
    more than any other generation that has preceded them," says Jim
    Bulin, a Northville, Mich., consultant to the auto industry.
    0See more information about some of the items mentioned in this
    column.
    * * *
    Please send comments to capital at wsj.com1. We'll post selected
    replies at WSJ.com/CapitalExchange2 on Sunday.  The generation that
    put bike helmets on kids and durable car seats in minivans will be
    reluctant to fly to Disneyland or Club Med. The attacks have revived
    talk of building a world-class high-speed rail network. But that's
    just talk. For now, many more families will be taking vacations by
    car.
    Before Sept. 11, the U.S. was, with some hesitation, erasing its
    national borders. A long-simmering dispute over allowing Mexican
    trucks to travel U.S. highways was nearing resolution. The border
    with Canada was all but invisible. President Bush was pondering ways
    to legalize the status of immigrants from Mexico who came here
    illegally.
    Today, we are fortifying our borders again. The aerial photos of
    trucks waiting to carry parts from Canadian factories to
    Detroit-area auto plants are just the most tangible evidence.
    Congress is moving to fortify the Canadian border. The power of
    globalization to wash away the nation's borders like ocean waves
    seems less inexorable at a moment when the president has created an
    office of homeland security.
    THE IMPORTANCE of government was widely questioned before Sept. 11.
    For a time, Washington was plain boring to many. Then, thanks to
    Bill Clinton, it became fascinating in the way a soap opera is
    fascinating. And Washington became a venue for sitcoms. The power of
    markets to produce prosperity was self-evident; the potential to
    privatize functions once reserved to government appeared unlimited.
    There was debate, but there was no doubt which side was winning.
    Today, the centrality of government -- particularly the one in
    Washington -- is unquestioned. The government is criticized for not
    foreseeing or preventing the attacks, and for the adequacy and shape
    of its military and economic response. But no one is calling
    Washington irrelevant. The widespread belief that a federal takeover
    of airport security is the best way to assure travelers of their
    safety suggests a slowing in the momentum to privatize everything,
    no matter how strong the economic case for privatization and
    competition.
    The lasting impact of Sept. 11 is likely to be greatest on Americans
    in their late teens and early 20s, "the people who are still young
    enough to have their values being formed," Mr. Bulin suggests. For
    them, Sept. 11 will likely prove as important in shaping attitudes
    and behavior as the traumatic Kennedy assassination and the divisive
    Vietnam War were for an earlier generation. And it is truly
    impossible to predict just how that will show itself in the decades
    ahead.
    -- David Wessel
    Write to David Wessel at capital at wsj.com3
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Resources
    For recent polls on national identity cards, see
            ***
    6Out in the Heartland, the Word 'Normal' Seems Possible Again (Sept. 26)
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    URL for this Article:
        Hyperlinks in this Article:
    (1) mailto:capital at wsj.com     (2)      (3) mailto:capital at wsj.com     (4)      (5)      (6)

@_date: 2001-09-06 12:02:25
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Omniva\'s E-Mail \'Shredder\' Offers New Level of Security 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 6834 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-15 15:28:06
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Crypto Access 
resources are likely to be shutdown if the war panic continues. crypto even if possession and/or usage is outlawed?
Its now possible to publish web sites to Mojo.  Perhaps we could work together on some tests uploads of your site?
In the same way a number of people on and off the list have sprung into action to bring up additional remailers, perhaps we should encourage our circle of friends to download and run Mojo clients.
A> while back a list of global sites for accessing crypto was
set up at:
 >  It would be nice to mirror these site on Mojo.

@_date: 2001-09-18 10:12:09
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Forbes: The Big Lie  
The Big Lie Forbes.com, 09.17.01, 1:10 PM ET Must Americans sacrifice their liberty to achieve safety? The knee-jerk reaction to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. has been to say yes. Two out of three Americans are willing to surrender civil liberties to stop terrorism, according to an ABC-Washington Post poll taken the day after the attacks. "I'm puking every time I hear that," says Baltimore lawyer Thomas Bowden. "The idea is to compromise their lifestyle. We keep ours the same." It's also irresponsible to suggest waiving civil rights. Take the bill passed by the Senate two days after the attack. It would permit police to tape phones and seize Internet records without a search warrant. That would leave Americans vulnerable to even greater evils. "It is something we will all regret down the road," says Timothy Lynch, a constitutional law expert with the Cato Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank. Most threatened is the Fourth Amendment prohibition against unreasonable searches. Does that safeguard have to be scrapped to search airline passengers more thoroughly? No, it doesn't. Airports already use machines sensitive enough to detect a box cutter. Luggage and people are already searched, but these searches don't raise constitutional issues, unless a government is involved. The Constitution restricts only official actions, not private ones. Courts agree that people can't expect much privacy in airports anyhow. What about when police are involved? They usually need a search warrant before raiding a home or tapping the phone. But police seldom have trouble persuading a judge to sign one. The standards are lax, especially when a terrorist is involved. This week America Online (nyse: AOL - news - people) and EarthLink (nasdaq: ELNK - news - people) cooperated with the FBI investigation by providing information about certain subscribers, according to the Washington Post. "This is already constitutional," explains lawyer James Harper, a privacy advocate and former counsel to the House Judiciary Committee. So why waive the Fourth Amendment and allow the government to eavesdrop and seize records without a warrant? Is the Justice Department trying to exploit a crisis for illicit purposes? "Sometimes they take advantage of these tragedies," sighs Lynch, citing antiterrorist laws inspired by the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City in 1996. Sacrificing rights didn't work then and it's dishonest for law enforcement to pretend that waiving civil rights now will work, either. Even if giving up some rights would help some, Americans shouldn't do it. That would be a victory for the terrorists, who sought to destroy a way of life. Even temporary measures tend to become permanent, as the British have discovered since the 1970s, when they waived some rights to thwart bombings by the Irish Republican Army. Giving up rights might even lead the U.S. into autocratic rule--which is what the terrorists want and what the Founding Fathers were trying to prevent when they wrote the Bill of Rights. America is built on a healthy distrust of government power. In the words of Ben Franklin, "Those who trade liberty for security will have neither."

@_date: 2001-09-19 09:45:08
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: EarthLink rejects FBI\'s request to install Carnivore  
EarthLink rejects FBI's request to install Carnivore ATLANTA -- Less than 24 hours after last week's terrorist attacks on New York and Washington, FBI agents visited executives in EarthLink's Atlanta headquarters. The agents, subpoenas in hand, wanted EarthLink personnel to install the FBI's controversial tracking software -- called Carnivore -- on the networks the company uses to connect customers to the Internet. The agents were looking for electronic clues, trying to retrace suspected terrorists' steps in cyberspace.

@_date: 2001-09-21 14:27:32
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Myth of Posse Comitatus  
The Myth of Posse Comitatus MAJ Craig T. Trebilcock, USAR The Posse Comitatus Act has been traditionally viewed as a major barrier to the use of U.S. military forces in planning for homeland defense. In fact, many in uniform believe the Act precludes the use of U.S. military assets in domestic security operations in any but the most extraordinary situations. As is often the case, reality bears little resemblance to the myth for homeland defense planners. Through a gradual erosion of the Act’s prohibitions over the past twenty years, Posse Comitatus today is more of a procedural formality than an actual impediment to the use of U.S. military forces in homeland defense.

@_date: 2001-09-21 17:47:16
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Email snarfing 
I've recently encountered a number of email problems (delayed delivery, lost mail, etc.) both from my pop accounts and Hush.  I'm not trying to be paranoid but could these be caused by problems of TLA-installed transparent SMTP, POP, and HTTP proxies at ISP's in a man-in-the-middle mode, so that they'd be sure to see all traffic, because Carnivore's storage capacity is pretty limited?
Also, if missing email causes a sender to re-transmit the same message could this expose the message to some sort of replay-resend attack if the crypto isn't well coded?

@_date: 2001-09-28 15:35:49
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: ssldump: an SSL protocol analyzer Version 0.9b2 
ANNOUNCE: ssldump: an SSL protocol analyzer
Version 0.9b2
RTFM, Inc. is pleased to announce the availability of ssldump 0.9b2.
ssldump is an SSLv3/TLS network protocol analyzer. It identifies TCP
connections on the chosen network interface and attempts to interpret
them as SSLv3/TLS traffic. When it identifies SSLv3/TLS traffic, it
decodes the records and displays them in a textual form to stdout. If
linked with OpenSSL and provided with the appropriate keying material,
it will also decrypt the connections and display the application data
ssldump is completely passive and thus allows you to analyze systems
without interfering with them. You can also use it to read stored
traffic collected with tcpdump. This release is version 0.9b2. The code quality is considered to be
late Beta. It has seen extensive testing on a number of Unix
platforms including FreeBSD, Solaris, HP/UX and Linux. It uses
autoconf and should be portable to most Unix-based systems.
0.9b2 introduces a port to Windows, courtesy of Greg Stark. This
port has seen rather less testing and so is corresponding less
Since 0.9b1, a number of things have changed:
The ssldump home page is at:

@_date: 2002-08-06 19:14:57
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: NYTimes.com Article: The Memory Hole  
This article from NYTimes.com has been sent to you by mean-green at hushmail.com.
Increasing comparisons in NYT to Bush admin and 1984 tactics.
mean-green at hushmail.com
The Memory Hole
August 6, 2002
By PAUL KRUGMAN Every government tries to make excuses for its past errors,
but I don't think any previous U.S. administration has been
this brazen about rewriting history to make itself look
good. HOW TO ADVERTISE
For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or other creative advertising opportunities with The New York Times on the Web, please contact
onlinesales at nytimes.com or visit our online media kit at For general information about NYTimes.com, write to help at nytimes.com.  Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2002-01-06 18:26:04
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: New rallying cry (was  Re: FOI- Arizona Stadium Tax Nazis) 
Thanks for posting. I've forwarded it and copied the board members,
as a courtesy:
I'm one of those who believes there may be something to the claims that Secretary Knox perjured himself when he told Congress that the 16th Amendment had been properly ratified.  I've recently come up with this eerily familiar rallying cry.
"No taxation without re-ratification".

@_date: 2002-01-07 18:06:29
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Judge Refuses to Dismiss Tax Payer Lawsuit Against Bank of 
Judge Refuses to Dismiss Tax Payer Lawsuit Against Bank of America
Irwin Schiff who is regarded by many as being the Nation's leading authority
on the income tax is suing the Bank of America for triple damages for
turning over approximately $8,000 of his money to the IRS in response to a
Notice a Levy.  Third parties, such as banks and employers, that turn over
bank accounts and wages to the IRS in response to IRS Notices of Levy are
used to having suits brought against them for doing so summarily dismissed.
That was not the case on November 13, 2001 in Clark County District Court,
Las Vegas, Nevada.

@_date: 2002-01-07 18:41:24
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: End of the IRS?? 
What:    Department of Justice U.S. Assistant Attorney Dan Bryant and Congressman Roscoe Bartlett (MD) signed a written agreement on July 20, 2001, for a recorded public hearing at which DOJ representatives will officially answer specific legal charges challenging the jurisdiction of the IRS and the illegal enforcement of U.S. income tax laws against U.S. citizens. IRS Commissioner Charles Rossotti has committed IRS representatives to participate. When:    2 full days, February 27th and 28th, 2002. Your early donation is greatly appreciated. Where:    Participants:    We The People Delegates, Tax Researchers and Attorneys will interrogate legal and tax experts from the DOJ and IRS.

@_date: 2002-01-16 22:15:43
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: IS-59a CDMA security flaw (was: NSA crippling of crypto makes 
Indeed they may be.  The 196 European Patent EP0752772A2 of James A Reeds, assigned to AT&T details one of the major IS59a cryptogrphic flaws the following passage of the Summary section:
"A previously unrecognized problem with the cryptographic system that is specified by the (IS-59a) Draft Standard is that it permits an eavesdropper to easily and quickly cryptanalyze transmissions encrypted according to the Draft Standard and thereby gain access to the substance of the transmission The forward traffic charnel described in the Draft Standard calls for encrypting an input voice or data signal prior to transmission with a key signal. The Draft Standard also specifies that the input signal be combined with the long code sequence in an Exclusive-OR (i.e., mod 2 addition) function to produce an encrypted output signal.
The Draft Standard calls for generating the long code sequence from a publicly known sequence and a private 42-bit pattern, known as the long code mask. The publicly available sequence is placed in what can be conceptualized as a linear shift register The output of the linear shift register is combined with the bits of the long code mask The linear nature of the combination causes the long code sequence to depend linearly on the bits of the private long code mask. This enables an eavesdropper to decrypt a wireless communication with access to 42 bits of the long code sequence The eavesdropper could use the bits from the long code sequence to create 42 linear equations that depend on the 42 unknown bits of the long code mask. However, the Draft Standard does not call for direct transmission of the bits of the long code sequence. Rather, an ExclusiveOR function combines the bits of the long code sequence with the unknown input signal thus corrupting the bits of the long code s!
equence. This should diminish the chances that an eavesdropper will successfully cryptanalyze a transmission. This is not the case with the Draft Standard because of the way that the input signal is processed to form frames of 384 bits for error correction.
An eavesdropper can cryptanalyze a transmission by recognizing relationships among the last sixteen bits in each frame of the input signal. Specifically, the eavesdropper car combine selected bits of the input signal from the last sixteen bits in each frame so as to produce modulo2 sums of zero. By adding (mod 2) the bits of the output signal such that the sum of the corresponding input bits is zero, the eavessdropper can obtain data that represent combinations of bits of the long code sequence. Essentially, the eavesdropper can cancel the effect of the input signal on the output signal. Each bit of the long code sequence is linearly dependent on the 42 bits of the long code mask. Thus, the eavesdropper can combine known bits of the output signal to create equations that are linearly dependent on the bits of the long code mask. Successive frames of data yield 42 equations so as to allow decryption of the communication within less than a second after the communication commenc!

@_date: 2002-07-08 15:47:13
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: movie distribution post copyright (Re: Artists) 
but pre DVD/VHS relase) are not generally available in high quality
format, suitable for projecting.
As you note later, most recent releases to the Net are often lower quality 'cams' shot with consumer quality camcorders.  But not all.  A number of individuals or groups have managed to consistantly create and distribute VHS or better releases.  While not DVD in quality on smaller screens (say below 27-inches) they are more than adequate, sometimes better than the average quality of analog cable reception.  See  for recent releases and quality ratings.
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-07-28 22:42:14
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: How to Defeat DVD Zone Controls 
Most players cannot be hacked.  And many hacks do not operate properly.  How about just rent or borrow DVDs, reprocess to remove the region controls and reburn to a DVD-R?  DVD-Rs are only about $1.25 or less each.  Test burn on a DVD-RW to help prevent expensive coasters. See Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-06-05 13:15:23
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
nothing more than to force you to to rebuy your visual media *again*, but
they don't have to. I'll bet dollars to donuts that you've rebought some of
your VCR tapes as DVDs. Whey wouldn't the MPAA think they can
make you do it over?
Tim may be willing or able to repurchase his movie collection but many are not.  I've "backed" up all of the movies I have on VHS onto CDs (2-3 per movie average) from DVD in a high quality format called SVCD.  As soon as my budget allows I'll be a DVD burn'in fool.
Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?

@_date: 2002-06-06 08:54:27
@_author: mean-green@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks  
far, I don't have it on DVD.
control purposes.
I use for archiving purposes), and definitely inferior to analog laserdisc,
which had a thriving market but is now almost extinct (a nice side-effect being
that titles are now available for $5-10 and there are some which will never
make it to DVD).
aside, average consumer got only new expense with DVDs - buying a player.
[The following video data snippets are from the excellent hobbyist video site   Many foreign contributors, some with only passable English skills.]]
The official (legal) resolutions for optical media are: 720 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by most DVD. 704 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by some DVD 480 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by SVCD 352 X 576 (480 NTSC). Used by DVD and China Video Disc (CVD). It is also the "official" SVHS resolution. 352 X 288 (240 NTSC). Used by VCD and DVD. It is also the "official" VHS resolution The official names for those resolutions, come from US and there are defined like this: 720 X 576 (480 NTSC): CCIR-601, Full PAL/NTSC Studio resolution. 704 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 1/1 D1 or simply as D1(Sometimes this resolution is 702 X 576/480). It is the TV Broadcast resolution 528 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 3/4 D1. It is supposed to be the Laser Disc resolution, but ain't. I'll explain later 480 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 2/3 D1. It is the SVCD resolution. 352 X 576 (480 NTSC) as 1/2 D1. Used by DVD and CVD The VCD resolution is 352 X 288 (240 NTSC) and it is called CIF- 601. In Europe and especially Far East Asia, people tend to use other names to describe the legal DVD - Video resolutions.
704 X 576 as D1 352 X 576 as D2 352 X 288 as D4 704 X 288 as D3. The official Laserdisc resolution is 528 X 576/480, but many titles in US, after 1990, are using the 544 X 480 resolution. That happened because the first "cheap" video projectors in US, were using the VGA standard for video in. Of course, those machines were for professional use with PCs. But with the use of special (and cheap) connectors/adaptors or the "famous" VGA - out connection of specific Laserdiscs, it was possible for the very first time, for US video enthusiast, to have big picture at there houses. It was the only true solution for the first home theatres (the term "home cinema" came later...). Unfortunately, VGA is not based on CCIR-601, so a picture adaption is needed (VGA is 640 X 480). In other words, the picture aspect was wrong and always a part or some parts of the picture was not in use. Because of Laser Disc limitations, the use of pan and scan method (like DVD - Video) wasn't possible. The only solution without compatibility problems and no cost, was to "upgrade" the Laserdisc resolution, unofficially, to 544 X 480.
In Europe, the success of Laserdisc was minimal, so the few released PAL titles, continue to use the official resolution for PAL (528 X 576). In theory, there is a 544 X 576, but I never saw a PAL laserdisc using this resolution. The DVB/ -s -t -c resolutions The DVB transmissions became mainstream in Europe in 1996 and today are mainstream in US too. In the last five years, the European Union (E.U.), forced all television and radio providers of E.U. Members, to turn their services digital. So, except Germany and partly France (where the interest for analog satellite TV still is huge), everything today is digital.
DVB is based on mpeg 2 (like DVD) and supports resolutions from full CIRR - 601 (top quality) to CIF (lowest quality). Any resolution between those limits can be a DVB picture resolution, with any bitrate/size. The correct output picture aspect is accomplished by the use of the pan and scan method, which takes place between the Digital/Analog conversion, before the final picture signal goes to our TV/Videoprojector. Some DVB examples: - The Holland channels Canal+ Rood and Canal+Blauw (Astra 1G - 19.2 East), are transmitting in full CCIR 601 resolution with VBR bitrate up to 15000kb/s (!). That is BETTER a standard DVD video. - TMF for Belgium and MTV Italy, both on Eutelsat W2 (16 East) are transmitting in full D1 resolution and bitrates up to 7500kb/s - The MTV/VH1 Channels on Astra 1G, are using 544 X 576. - Viva TV on Astra 1G and Onyx TV on Hotbird 3, are using 480 X 576. 352 X 576 is very common at almost all the Italian Free To Air music channels on Hotbird satellite series. An example of very low picture resolution, is the Cnes channel (Hotbird 5, 13 east, Freq: 12558, S.R. 27500, F.E.C. 3/4). This channel transmits 352 X 288 with CBR bitrate up to?. 700kb/s!!!). The known DVB resolutions till today in Europe are: 720 X 576, 704 X 576, 544 X 576, 528 X 576, 480 X 576, 352 X 576 and 352 X 288. Communicate in total privacy.
Get your free encrypted email at Looking for a good deal on a domain name?
