
@_date: 1993-12-04 07:03:03
@_author: Michael E. Marotta 
@_subject: Say No to "Glue." 
I found your memo from the cable company very interesting. And very familiar.  In the 1970s, I had a career in transportation management.  (Certificates, licenses, a couple of jobs.  I spent two years learning to read and understand ICC tariffs.)  Inter-
state transportation went under federal control in 1887.  In fact, they nationalized the railroads during WWI -- they also seized all RADIOS (transmitters and also receivers) at this time.  They created the Railway Express Agency (REA) in 1920 from the freight forwarding companies they nationalized, as I believe, they created the Radio Corporation of America (RCA) at the same time.  Anyway, in the trucking business, it was standard operating policy to screw the customers by pointing to "federal regulations that require us to do this."  Of course, those regs came from the close interactions between the industry and government.  Some of them were just typical company policies.  But you couldn't go to another company with different policies.  They were all the same.
By law.
Now, anyone who swamps about in libertarian political writing will tell you that this is to be EXPECTED.  If you talk to someone who likes to read Ayn Rand, they will tell you that this is REQUIRED by the Laws of Nature.  Banking, healthcare, farming, housing (and urban development), post office, you name it.  These are NOT isolated events.  The reason that so many cypherpunks don't buy EFF's theory of "government providing the glue of the Net" is that they understand PRINCIPLES.  Government, like gravity, is what it is.
When the chimp leader or his lieutenants break up a fight, they beat both combatants.  They seek to control conflict to maintain the tribe.  The nature of the conflict the "right" and "wrong" are irrelevant.  Anaxagoras was tried for impiety.  Socrates was exiled.  (He chose death.) Galileo, Scopes, the NIH cancer quacks, the list is very well known.  They started with lead coins washed in silver and came up with federal reserve notes.  the Branch Davidians.  These are all elements of the same set.  No matter what the "good intentions" the road leads to the same You let the government provide "the glue" and five years from now even The Well will be using regulations to screw customers. Don't blame the cable company for seizing an opportunity.  You created the environment they are living in.  In that company there are honest techies who love bandwidths and frequecies.  You put them in second place behind the scamster who uses regulations to screw clients for quarterly results.  Blame yourself for the fruits of your socialism. When Cobert called togther France's merchants to find out how the government could help them, one said, "Laissez nous faire!"

@_date: 1993-12-21 01:54:54
@_author: Michael E. Marotta 
@_subject: Regarding "Free Willy" 
I'm sorry to have to confess this, but I don't understand how I as a mere user receiving mail am supposed to know that the Free Willy message did not come from the President. Here is what I got:
Looks good to me.  But, ferguson says he knows better
Which ferguson shows as    TELGATE.ADP.WISC.EDU         144.92.104.20
To me, 144.92 could be wisc.edu or telgate.adp but in any event, I didn't see this at all and would have ignored it if I had.  Messages get routed all over the place. You call Detroit from Lansing and it goes via Chicago.  144.92 proves nothing.
Then charliemerritt offers another solution.
Wex himself was also on top of this, and what did he find?
Which does show the wisconsin 144 stuff, but none of the Delphi-
Bix-UUnet nonsense.  So what I am to make of this?  Two sharp 'punks finger this as coming from (through?) wisconsin 144.  So, I conclude that this spoofer goes to U-Wisc.  He has accounts on Bix and Delphi.  He forwards Free Willy from 144 to Delphi to Bix and from there to toad.  But ferguson didn't have Delphi and Bix in his solution.  And, again, the message came to me with just the address of the Presidential Palace in Federal City. Seems to me, the most reasonable explanation is that the message probably did not come from The President, but that conjecture is based on the CONTENT, not the addressing.  As for Wex, ferguson, and charliemerritt, perhaps these are merely tentacles of
Hillary who is discrediting Willy's desperate shot at freedom.

@_date: 1993-11-23 06:48:58
@_author: Michael E. Marotta 
@_subject: Pyrrhus Cracks RSA? 
CAN THE GOVERNMENT BUILD AN ATOMIC BOMB?  by mercury at well.sf.ca.us  Long ago, Captain Kirk and his crew stumbled on a Nazi planet.  A Federation dude found them earlier and decided to industrialize their society by the "most efficient" means possible.  No one was surprised at this.  In "Mirror, Mirror" Spock-2 predicts that the Evil Federation will collapse.  This was also accepted without comment.  Star Trek, perhaps more than any other mass media production, reflects the American psyche.  Americans, of course, are humans.  Human nature accepts dualities easily.  On the one hand, people admire the conqueror.  On the other, the historical evidence is never denied: empires always collapse.  (Look at what remains: farming, writing, arithmetic, ships and chariots, clothing,...  These are useful.) Not so long ago, Ayn Rand showed that evil only triumphs when good people work f+ it.  When good people do nothing, evil Cypherpunks know that centralized systems are inefficient, yet they fear the NSA.  Cypherpunks know that government employees are slugabeds, yet they fear the NSA.  Cypherpunks know that qinnovation and enterprise are the antithesis of socialism, yet they fear the NSA.  They don't fear that the NSA will kick in their doors and shoot them in a cybernetic Kristallnacht or burn t(their homes the way the Romans and Mongols did to Carthage and Samarkand.  (Waco comes to mind, here.)  No, the Cypherpunk is afraid that the government has "powerful computers" capable of a "brute force attack" on their algorithms. It may be true.  Having  Archimedes in town only bought the Syracusans time, it didn't assure them victory.  The US Govt drafted 90% of the physicists in the world, gave them virtually unlimited resources and in five years, it had atomic bombs.  The American and Soviet governments proved that they could harness nineteenth century technology and shoot things into space.  (According to Willey Ley what made their rockets possible was the pumps which came from fire trucks.)  Ask "anyone" and they will tell you that World War Two brought us nuclear power, spaceships, radar, television, the transistor, the computer, canned food, and recycling.  In fact, it brought none of these.  They already existed.  Absent the person with an idea, the Government would still be beating farmers with rods for not giving up their goats and grain. (The pharoah's toughs used sticks with sharp stones in them until bronze came along.  Later, their bronze weapons were chopped up by people with iron.  Why didn't the pharoah's priests discover bronze and iron?) Both William Friedman and the man he detested, Herbert O. Yardley, despaired in wartime for the lack of people with "cipher sense."  An infinite number of clerks with typewriters could not break the simplest code.  The government enlisted people who liked crossword puzzles, mathematicians, polyglots, anyone and everyone who played with symbols.  It made no difference.  There was no way to tell who had "cipher sense" and there was no way to TEACH it.
Friedman was an obsessive-compulsive who worked himself into a neurotic frenzy, breaking the Purple Code.  Turing delivered the "Bombe" that broke Enigma. You know the people who could break DES, RSA, PGP, etc.  Shamir unpacked Diffie's knapsack.  What is most probable, is that these ciphers will stand for some unforeseeable time until someone who may not be born yet comes along and breaks them all as an idle {exercise on her way to greatness in another field. But the NSA?  No way, Jose.  They might be nerds who hacked some code at 3 am.  But you put them on a salary and benefits in a pyramid, then tell them not to talk about their work, and you thwart whatever creativity they had.  The NSA can kill you.  But t({they can never out-think you.

@_date: 1993-10-12 05:29:54
@_author: Michael E. Marotta 
@_subject: Summa Pro Credit Union 
Tangential to the "Credit Union" Question
by Michael E. Marotta
   mercury at well.sf.ca.us
Most of this "Bank of the Internet" stuff blew past me, but I was stopped short by Perry Metzger's assertion that credit unions are not innovative. Here in Michigan, we have World Computer Corporation, a Data General VAR.  They serve the largest and smallest credit unions.  I have written about them twice for FOCUS, a DG user magazine.  The first time, I spent 30 hours onsite with customer service.  In fact, our household does most of our financials through a credit union, having been members of one since 1985. In truth credit unions are light years ahead of banks in innovation.  For instance, we have long enjoyed voice-response and touchtone dial-in account services.  I never use my statement. I dial in and reconcile.  Banks are only now coming Banks are IBM mainframe environments.  Credit Unions go with DG, NCR, Digital, anyone who can give them an edge.  Banks argue about "outsourcing."  CUs have been doing this all along.  Most CUs don't even have data processing departments any more than they plow their own drive ways.  You contract services that are not in your line of business.  Credit Unions borrow and lend money.  Data processing can be done inhouse and often is, but no one's brass plate gets polished as a result.  CUs are small.  They don't have (other people's) money to throw
around. Credit Unions are member-owned.  They can't by law lend money they don't have. They must by law have a defined (sometimes CLOSELY defined) market which restricts them.  As a result of all of this, they look to _technology_ for wins.
All the nay-saying here has come from the pudknockers while those who do, did.
Good luck. You deserve it.
