
@_date: 1993-12-10 22:54:21
@_author: Michael Edward Marotta 
@_subject: Privacy as a Commodity 
SOME OBSERVATIONS AND THOUGHTS ON PRIVACY AS A COMMODITY
by Michael E. Marotta  About a year ago, maybe less, Kevin Kelly suggested that privacy is or could be a commodity.  It was on The Well in the EFF Conference on another topic entirely.  He just dropped this bomb.  I suggested a Loompanics article and he said he didn't have time but that I was welcome to develop the idea.  So I proposed "Privacy as a Commodity" to Computers Privacy and Freedom (CPF94) in Chicago.
Frank Lloyd Wright said that privacy is the hallmark of civilization.  He built his houses to ensure the privacy of the occupants.  He pointed to the village as an environment without privacy.   Today we say that we live in a global village.  Therefore, the expectation of privacy is inappropriate.  However, there is a lot of history between the first permanent settlement today's worldwide community.  Merchant princes graced several ages.  Metropolitan and cosmopolitan cities developed new patterns of interaction.  Quite likely, the demand for privacy is relatively recent.  There is a quote from Leonardo da Vinci: "When you are alone you are all your own."   A brief look the pre-Socratics (ed., Honderich) reveals no discussions even remotely approaching "natural rights" from which privacy would be deduced or infered.  Plato's "Republic" is well known.  Tonight, discussing the ancient world with another numismatist, he pointed out that accumulations of wealth were virtually impossible before Roman Law.  The Athenians (and others) would ostracize anyone simply for being personally successful and therefore a potential threat.  Neither of us could identify the general who defeated the Persians and was rewarded with exile.  In such an environment, a plea for privacy would be ludicrous or even lunatic. We have the saying in English: "A man's home is his castle."  The Magna Carta (1215) had many provisions limiting the power of the crown and upholding the rights of free people (somewhat different for men than woman).  Typical of them is this: "No free man shall be taken or imprisoned or disseised or outlawed or exiled or in any way ruined, nor will we go or send against him, except by the lawful judgement of his peers or by the law of the land."   That sentiment continues today.  However, force of arms is not the appropriate medium for securing your expectations of privacy.  The Magna Carta limited the power of the state.  It did not address problems of peer review and peer pressure.  The best
arrangements we have that work among equals are agoric.  The marketplace depends on voluntary agreements for personal profit.  The successful merchant doesn't argue religion with the client. ("Religion" of course includes art, politics, sports and anything else not proximate to supply, demand and price.)  In this sense, privacy is inherent in the market. Today, however, we buy and sell information about people.  If you buy a new automobile, you are a potential client for insurance, if not for a Caribbean vacation.  Since the problem is agoric, the solution must be agoric:  you will have to invest in objects or processes that show their return in increased privacy for you.
It is possible that there is another set of solutions.  There may be something beyond politics and the market.  For instance, it is possible that a philosophical revolution will cause us to freely give information we now hide if we choose to merge with the Great All.  No doubt still other paths exist.   Be that as it may, for now, market solutions seem the best way to address problems in privacy.

@_date: 1993-12-24 09:51:33
@_author: Michael Edward Marotta 
@_subject: Privacy and Public Libraries 
YOUR PUBLIC LIBRARIES AND YOUR PERSONAL PRIVACY
by Michael E. Marotta Generally speaking, librarians are very sensitive to the issues surrounding privacy.  As a rule, they protect the privacy of their patrons and they especially resist law enforcement requests for information about anyone's reading habits.
There are some exceptions.
A librarian can be coersed or cajoled into releasing privileged information.  Unless they are very sure of their principles, an effective police interrogator will break down their resistance.  Possible ploys run from pleas for professional assistance in criminal cases to good cop/bad cop. Here in Michigan, we have 455 MPA 1982, "The Michigan Library Privacy Act."  In a recent case involving a librarian I met, the sheriff harassed the staff at a small, rural library.  They refered him to her.  She told him that her hands were tied: she was forbidden by law from doing what he asked.  He went away.  I have heard of other librarians in other states going to jail, having no law to fall back on.
Also, here in Livingston County, we have MANUAL cards.  You write your name.  I can look at any book and see who read it.  This is a violation of the law.  Since no remedies obtain, I can't get a lawyer interested.  My protest to the library was met with "We are changing. It will take some time."   Furthermore, when working onsite at a Ford Motor Company plant in Louisville, I discoverd that the Shelby County Library also relies on hand-
written checkout cards.  However, here in Fowlerville, the librarian instituted card numbers several years ago, so our village of 3,000 is in compliance.  Is yours?

@_date: 1993-12-26 05:46:51
@_author: Michael Edward Marotta 
@_subject: Pseudo-spoofing the Gov't 
What happens when governments are online and someone pseudo-spoofs the state legislature?  Writing about "Free Willy" I said that as a mere user, I had no way to know whether or not this came from president at whitehouse.gov except by the content.  If the content passed a style analysis, then I would have to accept it as real.  The SOURCE of my problem is the parameters for email chosen by the administrators of a point, two systems away from me. Mark at blackplague, suggested that there was no problem at all:
"You just have to learn to read mail headers to get the gist of  what they are saying."
Well, yes, but this is the header I saw:
Message 5/12  From President at whitehouse.gov        Dec 19 '93 at 2:13 pm pst Return-Path: Return-Path: That's all I saw.  And I said that in my original post.  The problem remains unsolved for me.  The message came from the White House, was picked up at heifetz and I got it here.  Seems clear.
Mark at blackplague suggests:
A big clue is when it has "Apparently-To:" in the header... But I see this all the time.  I have an account on the Well.  I transfer email from there to my local system with a forward file.
Proves only that the mail was forwarded from one system to another. And again, I didn't see any of that, myself.
I was merely comparing the analysis of headers offered by two 'punkers to show that the "solutions" offered differed from each other. The problem remains. Nothing on a computer can be trusted.
PGP?  Sorry, it's not for users.  I see these PGP Keys appended to messages all the time.  Garbage characters.  I have no intention of grabbing them, making them fields in a record or records in a file or files in a database, on the unlikely chance that someday I might want to send a secret message to someone. Speaking as a mere user, when the government cracks down on crypto, no one will care.
By comparison, the mainstream magazine INFORMATION WEEK tried to make a story out of Alona Shores.  No one cared.  Also, consider that Prodigy hasn't gone out of business.  I get their free diskettes whenever I can and then reformat them for my own use as backup media.  But 99% of Prodigy's clients were unaffected by the Burning Issues. By comparison, in the 2nd and 1st centuries BC, pirates from Cilicia lived by kidnapping people and selling them as slaves.  They thrived because slavery was accepted.  They raided and destroyed the freeport Delos.  No one cared much. They erred when they nabbed rich Romans.  Pompey shut them down.  But slavery wasn't ended.  The pirates weren't erased: they merely became (respectable) subjects of the Romans.  We live in a society that accepts slavery.  Before you "revolt" remember Spartacus: Pompey shut him down, also.
We COULD verify "Free Willy" of course.  (stop me if you've heard this)  The White House publishes its public crypto key.  Using its private key, it sends out a message.  The published key unlocks the message and we know it came from Willy Himself. Great idea.  Until and unless there is a paradigm shift, it will never happen.  That shift could mean an end to browsing the newsies, since you'd have to have a key for every source. What happens when governments are online and someone pseudo-spoofs the state legislature?

@_date: 1993-05-30 06:32:00
@_author: Michael Edward Marotta 
@_subject: An inquiring mind wants to know 
(This is for an article in the 1994 Loompanics catalog.)
You are familiar with PGP and RIPEM, right?.  Jim Bidzos told me about RIPEM when I asked him about PGP.  (I wasn't too interested in his relationship -- or lack of one -- with Phil Z.  I was more interested in RSA and the Feds.)  So, since Mark Riordan was in my back yard, I called him and got a good interview and also his mailer.  I got it on a unix system I have an account on and he sent me an MS-DOS version.  I also talked with Phil Zimmermann.  In fact, I talked to him first.  I got PGP from a BBS operator I know via libernet at dartmouth.edu and I have played with it.  I've also tried RIPEM.
I don't know about you guys, but I find PGP much easier to use.  RIPEM has all the hallmarks of unix wizardry.  It is poorly documented.  The interface is difficult.  It grew in ways the designer never contemplated.  And I haven't even RUN anything yet...  Mark told me that it was primarily a MAILER.  OK, I can accept that.  But I just don't see it catching on.  PGP, on the other hand, shows all the evidences of shareware.  It's hard to comment on the obvious.  So, I assume that I am in the normal range for a netrunner.  I typically log in to fidonet bbses from home.  I have a PC clone.  I have had accounts on CompuServe, Prodigy and Delphi.  I have a couple of email addresses.  I can't see myself using RIPEM.  I can indeed see myself using PGP.
Here are my questions:
How do you relate to the above?  Do you see "everyone" on the Net happy as clams with privacy-
   enhanced mailers?  Do you expect more people to find out about and rely on PGP?  Do you see something else working here that I haven't perceived?
Thank you for your time and consideration.
Mike Marotta

@_date: 1993-10-08 22:25:51
@_author: Michael Edward Marotta 
@_subject: Future of Digital Cash 
Digital Cash: A Probable Future   by Michael E. Marotta                                     mercury at well.sf.ca.us
Kinkos Copy Centers have instituted a debit-card.  You put your federal reserve notes in a machine and increment the electronic card.  Then you use the card in their public copiers.  The card is anonymous.  I have two because Kinko's doesn't warranty the cards:  I don't carry more than $5 on a card.  I have yet to trade the card anywhere else for goods or services.  This is the sine qua non of money:  money is any medium of indirect exchange.  So far, you can only use the Kards to buy Kopies. Digital cash will not replace other forms.  Federal Reserve paper passes
on the street, perhaps, but gold and silver coins are still being made
anew by the USA, PRC, other governments, and several private mints. Plastic, checks, and fiat banknotes have not removed the need for gold nd silver.  If anything, government money reinforces the need for real cash: "Aurem non olet" means "Gold doesn't smell" i.e., cash leaves no traces.  Digital cash could come from banks via ATMs.  You increment your DigiKash card from your demand account or from FRNs in your wallet.  You goto a store, pick what you want.  You pass through the Exit.  You wand or scan your goods.  This clears their security.  You insert your DigiKash card.
It is debited.  You package your goods (or put them in your cloth shopping bag) and you leave the store.
There was a time when the Grocery Store had clerks.  You gave one your shopping list or told them what you wanted and they got it for you.  Then came the "supermarket."  Self-serve.  What a concept.  This paradigm shift occured about 1945.  We will see another. The retail clerk is on the way out.  MacDonald's already ordered 75 robots.  Debit cards remove the cost of employees.  You'll use your DigiKard for fastfood.  You'll use it at the gas pump.  (They already take credit cards.) The assumption today is that you will use your BANK debit card for all of this.  I'm not sure.  I think that the first bank that offers anonymous debit cards will make a fortune.  How?  Well, for one thing, here in Michigan, Kinko's takes 4% off top for sales tax. Also, I'm walking around with unspent money on my card while Kinko's has my money earning a return.  ATMs already cost me 75 cents per transaction.  Make it an even buck and it will work for debit cards. Debit cards would be sure winners at Computer Rental stores.  The MSU library has a bank of gopher terminals and Gov. Engler just separated property taxes from public education.  Gophers seem like a fungible to me.  The library already sells pens and copying is a cash business for them now.  Public transit is another obvious choice -- the famous Orange card of Japan.  Commuter trains in Chicago that toddlin' town had them in place in 1977. But debit cards don't _promise_ universality.  You can't use your Kinkos Kard on the train -- yet.

@_date: 1994-01-06 02:39:51
@_author: Michael Edward Marotta 
@_subject: A Crypto Biblio 
number 006            CLACKER'S DIGEST           December 6, 1992.            philosophy and applications for analytical engines        ------------------------------------------------------------------
    (46 lines)  A Cryptography Bibliography by mercury at well.sf.ca.us
    (Technically, cryptography is MAKING codes while cryptanalysis is     BREAKING them.  Both are subsumed under cryptology.  A CIPHER is     a regular transposition such as A=Z, B=Y, etc., while a CODE is a     table of arbitrary symbols.)
    Kahn, David, THE CODEBREAKERS, MacMillan, 1967.  The MOST       complete history with specific examples.  Written before public       keys, RSA, etc., but still THE place to start.     Marotta, Michael, THE CODE BOOK, Loompanics, 1987, Overview of       history and post-1967 developments.     Sinkov, Abraham, ELEMENTARY CRYPTANALYSIS: A MATHEMATICAL       APPROACH, Random House, 1968.  Sinkov worked for Friedman on the       breaking of Purple.  First rate.     Gaines, Helen Fouche, CRYPTANALYSIS, Dover, 1956. A classic       work.  The first step to breaking codes and ciphers.     Lysing, Henry, SECRET WRITING, Dover, 1974.  Another reprint of       another classic.     Smith, Laurence Dwight, CRYPTOGRAPHY, Dover, 1955.  Ditto.     Konheim, Alan G., CRYPTOGRAPHY: A PRIMER, John Wiley, 1981.
      Textbook for mathematicians from IBM's Watson Center. Includes       public keys, digital signatures.     Meyer, Carl H., and Matyas Stephen M., CRYPTOGRAPHY, John Wiley,       1982. From IBM Cryptography Competency Center.  For computers,
      includes public keys, digital signatures.     Weber, Ralph E., UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC CODES AND CIPHERS 1775-
      1938, Precedent, 1979.  Not just a history!  The appendix       contains the all the keys!!     Chadwick, THE DECIPHERMENT OF LINEAR B, Vintage, 1958. Worked with       Michael Ventris on unraveling Minoan script.
    Yardley, Herbert O., THE AMERICAN BLACK CHAMBER, Ballantine 1981,     Random House, 1931.  Yardley broke German ciphers in WWI and then     Japanese ciphers of 1920, and was fired in 1931 because "Gentlemen     don't read each other's mail."     (anonymous), THE DATA ENCRYPTION STANDARD,  National Bureau of       Standards, January 1977, NTIS NBS-FIPS PUB 46.     (anonymous), DATA SECURITY AND THE DATA ENCRYPTION STANDARD,     National Bureau of Standards, 1978, Pub 500-27; CODEN: XNBSAV.     Rivest, Ronald L., Shamir, A., and Adleman, L., "A Method for       Obtaining Digital Signatures and Public-key Cryptosystems,"       COMMUNICATIONS OF THE ACM, February, 1979.  The last word.     -------------------------- 30 ------------------------------------
