
@_date: 2012-09-09 12:34:21
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Quantified Prestige 
I just finished the updated version of the documentation of my reputation/money system with the updated name Quantified Prestige (formerly: Prestige Fluido). What's new is that there's now a Trust System that makes it necessary for new users to get Trust before they can get any Prestige (but the Trust System is actually optional, it's intended to work for distributed versions of the system). Also, the structure of the system is more modular now, as I defined the Quantified Prestige Network as core part of the system and the electronic currency gimmicks as external applications which only need few data (Trust Levels and Prestige Scores) from the Quantified Prestige Network. Another nice extra application are Prestige Polls which work like usual polls but with votes weighted with the Prestige Scores of the voters.
The documentation is at  (do we have a central ZS cloud storage or something like that?). It's 37 pages long, so only read the parts you are really interested in.
As next step I'm planning to create a quite simple/minimal implementation of a Quantified Prestige Network for ZS, so that we could test the system in action. I don't think we need a Trust System right now, because we are still a rather small group and it's only a test version of the system. In this test version you can only allocate Esteem Points to other users. With those Esteem Points the system can compute Prestige Scores for all users. Users with lots of Prestige can then feel good about themselves.
If that test is successful I would add more and more features to the system, depending on the demand within ZS. We could have a ZS Bitcoin Fund which is paid out to members with Prestige. Or we could implement a ZS Fluido currency together with a basic income in that currency. Prestige Polls are also an option.
Finally, there's still lots of work to be done to find out how to make a decent decentralized version of Quantified Prestige. I probably need a lot of help in that area: How are decentralized systems "managed"? Who has the authority to change the system parameters? Or is the only way to use other parameters using a different version of the software?
Anyway, I need feedback. If you have any idea how to do things better, throw a suggestion into the room or to me.
- Michael

@_date: 2012-09-11 03:36:23
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Quantified Prestige 
No, how should that work? Context isn't even 1-dimensional, but much more complicated. If you really want different contexts, then use a different Quantified Prestige Network for each context. Finally, I want to create a service that makes it very easy to set one up. Like what Wordpress did with blogs. You can get one on wordpress.com, or you can download the software from wordpress.org and host one on your own.
User can take Esteem Points they allocated to others away at any time without having to give a reason. Think about it like an unrestricted 100% money back guarantee. Of course, you can give a reason for giving and taking back EPs to give clear information, but that's option. I don't think it's a good idea to force people to rationalize their decisions.
I had thought a long time about including negative scores in my system, but I decided against it, because it's hardly possible to prevent any serious abuse of such a system. I'm a proponent of positive reinforcement.
Your system sounds interesting. Is there any incentive to vote on the votes of others, or even to have a look at them? Most people probably won't bother with meta-voting, unless they see it as some kind of game or hobby. Unless they are so fed up with systems that don't allow meta-voting that they see it as obligation to meta-vote where it's possible. But then such a system would become like Reddit on steroids.
Anyway, if you have good ideas for modifying Quantified Prestige to a kind of "Qualified Prestige", you are free to develop that alternative concept.
It's a bit much to expect tools to fix psychological problems. Every voting system is prone to biases. Is there any way that is proven to reduce the level of bias in such systems?
Reallocation is necessary because otherwise a system with a fixed quota of points would stop working once all your points are used up. There is a fixed quota in order to prevent Prestige inflation. It might be possible to use a monthly quota instead and to weight points with how recently they were allocated. I haven't given such a system a lot of thought. Need to think about that option.
Many parts of the system are just for convenience or security. They are optional in that sense. The core of the system is Esteem Point allocation (-> Esteem Matrix) that determines a Prestige Score for each user (-> Prestige Vector). Strictly speaking the Spread Factor isn't necessary, but it provides a strong incentive to give out points generously to many different users - and to get a meaningful representation of relative I really tried to make my system as simple as possible and as complex as necessary to avoid (almost) obvious failure modes of the system - and to make the system comfortable for the users, because otherwise it won't become popular. And a reputation/money system that's not popular isn't very Having large networks of people may be useful, but their usefulness is limited if the Esteem Trust system is used, because it makes Esteem from an independent individual much more valuable than Esteem from a cluster of people that all know each other. The system should work fine if new uses do anything cool or useful that catches some attention by many users. It's supposed to encourage creating and doing publicly useful stuff. In principle, I totally agree with you here. But how do you make a clear distinction between what's right and what's popular? Who is supposed to judge that? I mean, that's exactly the problem of democracy: It can't distinguish between good (and popular) parties and bad, but popular parties. However we haven't found a system yet that works better than democracy when nobody has the clear authority to judge what's good and what's bad.
Anyway, thanks for the great feedback! It's really helpful! :)

@_date: 2013-02-09 07:42:40
@_author: Michael Hrenka 
@_subject: [ZS] Troll Attack Patterns 
I know a little bit about how trolls operate. There are different types of trolls, but most of them present a threat to the community that is trolled. So, the community needs some awareness of the attack patterns in order to withstand such attacks.
I was an active member of a certain small community, let's call it community X. X has a charismatic leader, let's call him Z, with radical ideas about progress, community, and stuff like that. Because Z wants a large high quality community and it is hard to find candidates with the required prerequisites ("really freely thinking individuals" or so), Z resorts to an unconventional strategy of member recruitment which I call "forum fishing" for simplicity. It consists in entering forums of other communities and advertising the ideals of X. Members are encouraged to check out X, because it's really great and so on (which is not too far from the truth actually). At the same time the targeted community C is criticized in different ways:
1. It is criticised for not upholding the ideals of X.
2. It is criticised for supporting destructive ideals which are detrimental to individuals.
3. It is criticised for being stupid, dysfunctional and inefficient.
4. It is criticised for not even sticking to its own ideals and rules.
5. It is criticised for a bad administration style, which is characterized as despotic.
Many points that the infiltration group of X make are thoughtful, true, and justified. But at the same time the group is quite vehement and aggressive, which sooner or later gets them flagged as trolls. They react by pointing out that they are acting in accordance with the rules, even if the C admins have erroneous differing positions and that they have good intentions. Often, a few members of C agree with the X members and consider joining X. These individuals may be painted as traitors by the C admins. But that reaction makes the accused traitors likely to question their allegiance to C and likely to join X instead.
Sooner or later, the infiltrators from X are kicked out of C, possibly together with some sympathizers. But they will have incited hot discussions about values, ideals, administration styles, and perhaps even recruited a few intelligent and open minded members for X. The reactions of the C admins will have antagonized a couple of C members, so they will leave, rebel, or generally will feel unwelcome, protest, and cause further trouble. In any case, the free expression of ideas will be restricted to some degree. The community C may become more dictatorial, up to the point of becoming an empty shell that doesn't remind anyone of the what it once was. It may split up because of that or just die silently.
And those were the benign trolls. Now I'll explain the methods of malignant trolls. The motive of the malignant troll is to destroy the targeted community, or to take it over, or to cause as much trouble as possible. Let's call the targeted community C. It is not without irony that I was an admin of X when it was infiltrated by malignant trolls.
Malignant trolls infiltrate hard and deep. They try to earn the trust of C members, and especially C admins. If they are good, they will not come alone, but as a highly coordinated trolling troupe "T". Once a single member of T gains admin status, the other members of T will also get that status soon. Sooner or later a significant fraction of C admins belong to T. Once they are in that position, it is hard to remove them. Here's what happens if someone identifies them as infiltrators and takes action against 1. T denies that they are a problem for C. Instead T members claim that they are highly beneficial for C.
2. The offending C member will be accused of being unjust and will be defamed until he loses his status in C.
3. Defamation campaigns can include banning the offending member (remember: T has a lot of admins) and creating fake accounts who claim to be the banned member. The fake account write lots of nonsense which makes the original C member look bad. Additional T members or fake accounts of T members join in to corroborate that the initial C member needs to be excluded from the community forever.
4. If members of T are banned, the bans are reversed by T admins and the C member who tried to remove a T member is blamed for his "misbehaviour" and targeted for further attacks.
5. If T is threatened with defeat nevertheless, T may make serious threats: Psychological terror, physical attacks, legal action, etc. These threats are probably not serious, but the problem is that one doesn't actually know In general, a troll troupe T consists of many different accounts:
1. The account of the master troll
2. Accounts of other members of T
3. Fake accounts of T members for additional impact
4. Fake accounts that claim to be accounts of genuine C members.
With all these fake and supporting accounts it is really hard to delineate between T members and genuine C members. Without real awareness of what might be going on, there will be hell of a chaos. C can only resist the chaos effectively if it uses communication channels with are not infiltrated, yet. Private emails, phone calls, and private meetings are generally hard to be infiltrated and can therefore be seen as rather safe.
How to defend against such attacks?
1. Have a clear identity and sensible principles.
2. Stick to your principles.
3. Have a brilliant team of admins who are reasonable and not too paranoid.
4. Don't give potential trolls power. People with power should be "screened" to guarantee that they are loyal to the community.
5. Private communication - lots of it.
How to differentiate between trolls and genuine members?
* Know them!
* Trolls are generally not very constructive
* Malignant trolls are rather cynical, unfriendly, and nihilistic, but demand fair treatment nevertheless, or even preferential treatment.
* Trolls are unlikely to be loyal to the ideals of the community.
I hope this was helpful. Zero State is too precious to be a victim to trolls and other infiltrators.
