
@_date: 2012-08-05 00:24:13
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Who's interested in project management & 
Funny you should mention that.  NNTP is, to my mind, the world's greatest messaging protocol.  Back in the day, Netscape built a "collaboration server" that added access controls and some management functions to an NNTP server - it was an incredibly powerful tool.
In some sense, the model sitting in the back of my mind, is:
- NNTP (with encryption and crypto-based access controls)
- easier management of (private) group creation
- messages containing HTML & JavaScript that can do some embedded  threading (think about sending a Wiki page, the initial page shows up as a news message, edits are automatically applied rather than showing up as separate messages)
Yes... saw that a while back - does look really interesting.

@_date: 2012-06-19 00:34:20
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: PeerPoint Discussion - please don't use for other topics 
Actually, I think both comments are partially on the mark, and partially  off the mark.
We HAVE had peer-to-peer applications, of various sorts, for years.   USENET comes to mind (I can't think of very much that any centralized  social networks do that USENET news wasn't doing years ago.  And at one  point, someone did a very nice implementation of USENET on top of a  distributed hash table).  The failure of USENET has a lot more do to with not finding a viable solution to spam than anything else.  Currently, distributed CVS systems (notably GIT) are a peer-to-peer application that's very successful.  And then there's torrent.
Re. Wikipedia and Linux:  Both build on rather rich ecosystems of prior  art, and development communities.  Wikis came first, in various flavors,  wikipedia.  The world wide web virtual library predated wikipedia by  decades.  It took a lot of experimentation, plus vision and drive before  wikipedia coalesced.  Linux builds on the legacy of Unix and lets not  forget all the stuff done by Stallman and the FSF (e.g, all the gnu tools and gnu userspace without which Linux would be useless).
The problem with Poor Richard's proposal is severalfold:
1. lack of specificity - "let's build a P2P application suite" is a pretty content free statement - the PeerPoint "specification" really isn't anything resembling much of a specification
2. lack of vision - Ted Nelson's "Dream Machine's" book and Xanadu concept never really led to any widely used code, but they sure inspired a lot of people - precisely because Nelson laid out a vision of new capabilities -- other people went on to implement some of those ideas
3. lack of understanding about how technology evolves - open source or not - it involves an ecosystem and a process of incremental development,  punctuated by flashes of insight
4. lack of anything motivating - is there really that much dissatisfaction with FaceBook?  I mean, an awful lot of people use it, and there are alternatives for old reprobates like me who find FaceBook pretty insipid and useless (except for keeping track of my kid).  For real work, email lists have been around an awfully long time, and don't seem to be going away anytime soon.  The folks who REALLY worry about privacy/secrecy are using VPNs, encryption, darknets, etc.
"Let's build an application suite" is a mantra that leads to things like  MS Office.  "Let's build an open source application suite" leads to  OpenOffice and LibreOffice - which are essentially not-as-good imitations of MS Office.  I simply don't see anything in the PeerPoint proposal that goes beyond "let's do x, y, and z, but let's do it peer-to-peer."
Now if Poor Richard were to start developing stuff, that actually did  useful and interesting things, I expect it would attract a community.  But just saying "I think people should do ," where  is generally uninspired and uninteresting, is not a recipe for anything.

@_date: 2012-06-23 20:34:43
@_author: Miles Fidelman 
@_subject: PeerPoint Discussion - please don't use for other topics 
Please don't count me as either of those, as I am neither.
Personally, my criticisms are based precisely on lessons learned the hard way about what NOT to do, because it hasn't worked.
I'll certainly agree with you there.  Part of the mess we're in with the  Internet comes precisely from folks who refused to play in the political  or business arenas - leaving the Internet ripe for colonization by both  corporate types and by old style regulators. Unfortunately, nobody wanted to get involved early to help craft a regulatory environment that would protect the net.
And it shows.  PeerPoint strikes me as a classic case of analyze, analyze, analyze, then design the one true solution, by committee. To a degree that was necessary in the days of expensive mainframes - but it's also what led to the "PC wars" where corporate IT tried to hold the reigns of control, while departments bought microcomputers and PCs, and suddenly everyone was a spreadsheet jockey.  Made life a lot easier for folks who wanted to get their jobs done, not so good for data sharing and long term preservation.  It's not clear that the best balance has been found after 30 years or so.  (I lived on both sides of those wars, not fun.  And I, too, punched cards and toggled boot loaders into front panel switches before that.)
One of the clear lessons of the past decade or so, is that developing  software in today's world is a lot more like gardening, or maybe farming, than design and manufacturing.  Define simple interfaces, create a climate, fertilize, cut weeds, do some selective seeding, trim stuff, and otherwise stand back.
The clearest example is SOA vs. REST.  Huge amounts of time and money have gone into defining SOA architectures, but noboday actually uses them.  On the other hand, we have lots of mashups. There are lessons to be learned about developing software ecosystems.
My sense is that PeerPoint is based on a set of premises and approaches  that simply don't work anymore.
