
@_date: 1998-12-03 04:04:17
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Y2K and Atlas 
Sent: Tuesday, December 01, 1998 5:04 PM
Ed Yourdon is name known to aging geeks as the developer of structured systems analysis & design.  His text on the subject is still in use in C.S. courses around the country.  He's also the author of a dozen or so books about programming, particularly mainframe programming.
In early 1998 Yourdon and his daughter Jennifer co-authored "Time Bomb 2000: What the Year 2000 Computer Crisis Means to You."  (As you might infer from the title, the Yourdons aren't exactly sanguine about the potential impact of the Y2K problem.)  (Nor am I.)
Yourdon maintains a web site featuring, among many other things, reading list both technical and non-technical about programming and Y2K.
Introducing his non-technical list of Y2K books, he recommends Atlas Shrugged with the following comment:
So I guess I'm not the only person to have made that connection...

@_date: 1998-12-06 06:04:29
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
You think India won't be able to develop strong encryption indigenously?!
You obviously haven't been keeping up with the times. One word...Bangalore.
Despite the export rhetoric, the real and intended affect it to prevent
widespread *domestic* use. By making the market much smaller (domestic)
only, creating FUD, there are less crypto suppliers and much higher costs.

@_date: 1998-12-09 05:21:29
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... 
No, he's asking people who are willing to act in their own self-interest to
protect the flow of strong crypto. Note he didn't even ask people to do so
as civil disobedience (illegally), which I would myself be more than willing
to do could I afford the bandwidth and legal fees.
If you have no self-interest, then shut up and don't participate. You're in
the USS Republic of Texas anyway.
"Anyone who fights for the future,
lives in it today."  --Ayn Rand

@_date: 1998-12-09 07:20:36
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... (fwd) 
Has there been any indication that the EFF would not support or help someone
being persecuted for crypto-export disobedience? I wouldn't rely on such
charity, nor is charity ever obligatory (that's socialism), but what reason
do you have to discount it?
The essence of civil disobedience is many many individual targets, not one
Fine, if that is the source if your righteousness, I will put one up 1Q99. I
won't even play the my network is bigger than your network pissing match,
but I will put my money where my mouth is if you think hosting a list node
is that big of a deal.
I'm am not critical of any contribution, but I will be critical of someone
chastising others contributions simply because they would do it differently.
A call to arms to protect liberty is not a draft. If you don't want a gun,
then don't take it, I won't even call you a Tory.

@_date: 1998-12-09 07:38:03
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: FW: Survey Says Kids Feel 'Threatened' By Real Life 
A survey has suggested that up to one and a half million British    children may have been upset by something they have heard or read.
   The NOP poll shows that one in five of nearly 4,000 children between
   the ages of six and 16 interviewed for the survey between September
   and October this year were "uncomfortable" with the state of world
   affairs.
   In the UK, 7.2 million children are estimated to be exposed to the
   outside world - roughly 98% of all children between six and 16.
   Of those who have had negative experiences while being outside the
   home, the largest proportion - 40% - had seen something "rude".
   'Not surprised'
   One in seven said they had encountered information that had    "freightened them", while 25% heard ideas that "would get them    into trouble".
   NOP Associate Director Rob Lawson described the numbers as a
   "significant minority".
   The children's charity NCH Action for Children suggested the survey
   strengthened calls for censorship to protect younger people.
   Charity spokesman John Carr said: "I regret to say I'm not surprised
   by this survey's findings, it's what we have been saying for some
   time.
   Censors
   "Parents need to know their children are learning in safety and
   security. At the moment, they have no way of knowing that at all."
   NCH Action for Children, which advises the government on children's
   issues, backs the introduction of censors - people who filter out    ideas unsuitable for children.
   The survey, called Kids.net, was paid for by Microsoft, the NSA,
   the GOP, China, and MCI/Worldcom in syndicate.
   The Department of Trade and Industry's forthcoming review on Internet
   regulation is expected to be published before Christmas.
[satire on news from news.bbs.co.uk]

@_date: 1998-12-09 07:52:08
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: FW: Survey Says Kids Feel 'Threatened' By Real Life 
Ack, I missed one. Revised:
   A survey has suggested that up to one and a half million British    children may have been upset by something they have heard or read.
   The NOP poll shows that one in five of nearly 4,000 children between
   the ages of six and 16 interviewed for the survey between September
   and October this year were "uncomfortable" with the state of world
   affairs.
   In the UK, 7.2 million children are estimated to be exposed to the
   outside world - roughly 98% of all children between six and 16.
   Of those who have had negative experiences while being outside the
   home, the largest proportion - 40% - had seen something "rude".
   'Not surprised'
   One in seven said they had encountered information that had    "freightened them", while 25% heard ideas that "would get them    into trouble".
   NOP Associate Director Rob Lawson described the numbers as a
   "significant minority".
   The children's charity NCH Action for Children suggested the survey
   strengthened calls for censorship to protect younger people.
   Charity spokesman John Carr said: "I regret to say I'm not surprised
   by this survey's findings, it's what we have been saying for some
   time.
   Censors
   "Parents need to know their children are learning in safety and
   security. At the moment, they have no way of knowing that at all."
   NCH Action for Children, which advises the government on children's
   issues, backs the introduction of censors - people who filter out    ideas unsuitable for children.
   The survey, called Kids.net, was paid for by Microsoft, the NSA,
   the GOP, China, and MCI/Worldcom in syndicate.
   The Department of Trade and Industry's forthcoming review on Thought
   regulation is expected to be published before Christmas.
[satire on news from news.bbs.co.uk]

@_date: 1998-12-19 07:14:38
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Comrade Klinton at it again 
Why would there be an Iraqi embassy in Iraq?! You nitwit!
Iranian Embassy in Baghdad.
Somebody said:
I thought maybe the Fox News channel bought sponsorship ;)

@_date: 1998-11-03 07:16:55
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone Alternative 
Anarchy != privacy
In fact to many people privacy is a very statist construct, as they clamor
for more privacy regulations by government. The contradiction is government
has a vested interest in preventing privacy from itself, and generally makes
loud but ineffectual noise in creating privacy from others.
There are many anarchic elements financial cryptography, such as:
* That you can achieve greater privacy through cryptographic means instead
of government means by limiting the information transfer via zero knowledge,
blinding, cryptographic pseudonymity, etc.
* That you can exchange money in ways that are secured cryptographically and
settled instantly that do not rely on the government as
* You can create private currencies that do not rely on government goodwill
and stability to retain their value.
* That you can enforce contracts via electronic mediation and reputation
punishment in a way that does not rely on biometric ID and government
Therefore traditionally archical processes become anarchical (without state
[involvement]). It is the *process*, not the result that is anarchic, and it
is the process, not the result, that is cheaper. Cryptography (cpu-cycles)
is cheaper than government, with a falling cost versus a rising one.
Will all these free anarchical processes eventually result in an anarchic
state? Maybe. But the economics of the processes is the prime mover, the
politics of the result is a consequence.

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:36:30
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted 
Typical statist media skewing by entangling allegations, accusation,
speculation and acquitted charges with real convicted charges.
--- [revised]
    Two men convicted of sending threatening email
    BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) -- Johnie Wise, 72, and Jack Abbott     Grebe, 43, were convicted Thursday of two counts of sending     threatening e-mails -- one message to the Internal Revenue     Service and one to the Drug Enforcement Agency.     They could get life in prison at their Jan. 29 sentencing.   United States Constitution
   Amendment VIII - Excessive bail or fines and cruel punishment prohibited.
Ratified 12/15/1791.
   Excessive bail shall not lie required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor
cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
Life imprisonment for sending threatening email? If IRS or DEA agents
threaten someone by email, do they face life imprisonment, or just the other
way around?
-----Original Article-----
Two men convicted in biological weapons case
October 30, 1998
Web posted at: 3:10 a.m. EST (0810 GMT) BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) -- Two men accused of scheming to attack President Clinton and others with cigarette lighters equipped with poison-coated cactus needles were convicted of sending threatening e-mail. Johnie Wise, 72, and Jack Abbott Grebe, 43, were convicted Thursday of two counts of sending threatening e-mails -- one message to the Internal Revenue Service and one to the Drug Enforcement Agency. Grebe and Wise were acquitted on one count each of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction count and five counts each of sending threatening messages -- to President Clinton, U.S. Customs, the FBI, the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, and the Secret Service. They could get life in prison at their Jan. 29 sentencing. Prosecutors said Wise schemed to modify a cigarette lighter so it would shoot cactus needles coated with toxins such as rabies, botulism, anthrax or HIV. Defense attorneys called idea 'silly'
Among the men's alleged targets: Clinton, the U.S. and Texas attorneys general, and FBI Director Louis Freeh. Defense attorneys called the idea "silly" and "cockamamie." There was never any evidence that the accused possessed biological weapons or tried to develop a deadly lighter. The e-mailed threats were vaguely worded and did not discuss the lighter or cactus thorns. Under federal law, however, the threats were enough for a conviction and no biological weapons were needed, prosecutors said. The men would have carried out their plan to hurt government employees and their families if they hadn't been arrested, Assistant U.S. Attorney Mervyn Mosbacker said. Wise and Grebe were accused of concocting the plan to threaten government officials with e-mails. One e-mail, sent June 12, was titled "Declaration of War" and a second one, sent June 26, said government workers had been "targeted for destruction by revenge." A third defendant, Oliver Dean Emigh, 63, was acquitted on all counts. He was accused of writing the June 12 message, but the charges against the men stemmed from the June 26 e-mail.

@_date: 1998-11-05 07:17:59
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone Alternative 
[dbts and e$ Cc: dropped]
However much I may or may not agree with you, that is an entirely subjective
judgement. In political context, anarchy = without rule of government --
nothing more, nothing less. That necessarily means you will have freedom
from government, but does not imply you will have freedom from others. Ditto
for privacy. In fact there is good claim that privacy will not exist in
anarchy except by those that decide to use the tools and methods to achieve
it -- cat and mouse game same as today, except the corporate cats are bound
by economics (the value of data to them versus the cost to obtain it)
whereas government cats are not.

@_date: 1998-11-05 13:48:49
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Which is preferable IMHO, and I think most here agree (at least in this
context). As soon as you give some entity (e.g. government) the power of
force to regulate privacy, you create an entity that will abuse that force
and abuse privacy. Plus such regulations are a false security blanket that
diminishes demand for true privacy-creating tools (cryptography) -- not to
mention you current regime turns around and attacks those tools.
Being bound by the law of economics is generally a good thing.

@_date: 1998-11-05 14:02:30
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
No they are not, nor will they necessarily recognize the economic
consequences of their actions before they entirely self-destruct or mutate
only to do it again. History shows this.
I generally use the economic/political distinction as made by Franz
Oppenheimer, and furthered by Rothbard, Rand, etc. In that context they are
a political actor, not an economic one. I purposefully ignored the prospect
of corporations using coercive force to prevent privacy, it is rather
improbable and still preferable to government coercion -- but note they do
use coercive force today preventing privacy, but government is their
instrument of force.
They have a *legal* monopoly on force (within a state). You do not generally
consider the black market in determining monopolistic conditions, and in
fact the existence of a black market in a segment generally points to a
coercive monopoly in the public one.

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:45:04
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Imposed by a gun.
What about it?
Can you say government fiat?
Can you say banking regulation at the point of a gun?
The Soviet Union is a prime recent example. British Mercantilism.
Governments are ultimately bound to economics in the sense of human behavior
and productivity -- the more they deny the nature of microeconomic actors,
the quicker they self-destruct.
History shows that every dynasty well eventually self-destruct, to think
ours won't is foolish. My point is we don't have competitive governments per
se, you have a power void that is filled by new government that can be just
as hostile to those microeconomic actors. All our government failures have
yet to produce a sustainable government.
The fundamental laws of economics are supply and demand. As soon as you
through force into the equation, it is no longer economic, it is political.
The essence of money has no political roots. The essence of money is human
productivity and trade.
Money is tied to politics currently because it is regulated by force of
government and the money *supply* is created by government fiat.
The discussion *was* *privacy*, or did you completely miss the initial
discussion? Privacy (as opposed to secrecy) is about discretionary
disclosure of information. To invade privacy is to remove or prevent that
discretion. There is an economic cost of doing so, and an economic benefit.
Corporations are bound by those economics, whereas government can mandate
transparency by whim and gun.
It is the *nature* of regulation. The end element of any regulation is a
gun. Government is a natural instrument of collective legalized force by any
group that can influence it, and to think it can't and won't be influenced
denies human nature in regards to power. Every government is despotic by
nature, force corrupts. The legal monopoly on the *initiation* of force. And in fact you have very
little freedom (eternally diminishing) to obtain potential force (arms) and
use it in a *reactionary* manner. You have absolutely *no* freedom to use it
reactionary against government (which is in the face of the 4th).
It is an irrelevant distinction in this case, it is all government. They do
not use force against each other as any sort of competitive balance.
General democratic consensus is highly controlled by media and government
propaganda (if they are not one in the same). What is the underlying
Is hemp illegal because people don't want people to smoke weed, or because
of the cotton lobby?
Is the war on drugs so unbreakable because people don't want people taking
drugs, or because the government funds black operations with its sales, uses
it to confiscate private property, and as a sounding post for increased
Do people not want free banking, or does the government wish to protects its
fiat currency and artificial stability flying in the face of economic
Money or power, more often than most people think.
Provided you don't corrupt the meaning of free-market to include any
possible black market, then yes, there will *always* be a black market. It
can be made rather insignificant however.
And again you pervert the meaning of free market. I'm tired arguing that
subject with you, go read a book.

@_date: 1998-11-06 13:43:13
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
I'm not, taxes are a political transaction, I must pay them whether or not I
demand the service or disservice I receive for them -- taxes are not bound
by supply and demand.
It is the defining excuse for the FEDERAL government to interfere with the
economic system.
Try studying the free banking era of the Mid 1800's, or the international
exchange markets.
Why can't you trade your Texas money? Who is to prevent you? Who is to
prevent other from meeting the exchange demand? Who it so prevent people
from accepting it in trade? Clearly with the digitization of money, multiple
currencies are not a problem.
I'm not, the gun is the defining characteristic that makes it political and
not economic.
Self-destructed command economy that created prices by fiat instead of
obeying market economics.
Self-destructed empire (starting with our war of independence) by creating
artificial trade barriers between the colonies to reap artificial profits at
the colonies expense (which was really at the heart of the revolution, not
taxation nor representation).
Let's expand the definition to the point it has no meaning. No thank you.
Economics is production and trade; human behavior affects trade, it is not
You can predict the actions of groups of individuals if you understand the
nature of individuals. Predicting an individual is left to the soothsayers.
Okay, you take your laws of greed/want/desire and figure out how to sustain
No, self-sufficiency by its definition means you are...well...sufficient by
yourself. If you require trade, you are no longer self-sufficient.
Money either has intrinsic value, or it is a symbol and debt against
something held of value, or it is a debt on the future acquisition of value
produced by someone else -- i.e. future productivity.
Oh, please do tell when/where this popular vote took place.
We've moved from intrinsic value currency to a currency representing hard
value (gold) to something that represents nothing more than faith of
government, and whose supply is controlled by fiat of a *private*
institution -- the Federal Reserve Board.
Discretion by you of the disclosure by you of information about you. Make
The other type of privacy, somehow preventing other people from disclosing
information about you by means other than mutual agreement is privacy of the
statist type.
No cost, eh? I suggest you take a look at the congressional allocations for
FBI wiretapping capabilities.
Correct -- in fact the only regulations by private individuals/entities that
*do* have force behind them is that of the custodian/dependent relationship,
and they are limited. But find a government regulation that does not have
the confiscation of your property (by force) and/or incarceration of your
person (by force) as the absolute finality to non-compliance. They are few.
Oh, I forgot if you agree it irrelevant because you are simply being
entirely combative.
But you are not the initiator, you are reacting to my initiation of a force
(or derivative), in this case trespass and theft.
No, force in reaction to force. That is plainly simple.
Brain fart, the 2nd. The right to bears arms has historically implied the
right to bear arms in defense against a despot.

@_date: 1998-11-07 06:07:03
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Petro responded:
Like I said, if you don't corrupt the meaning of free market.
Laissez Faire capitalism is based on a concept of individual rights.
Therefore the proper role of any government (in a libertarian state) or
individual/social institution (in rational anarchy) is to protect individual
rights (life, liberty, property), and act as an objective framework for
retributive force.
Therefore, any transaction that violates individual rights is immoral (if
not illegal) and constitutes a black market.
e.g. assassinations, ransom, stolen goods, extortion, slavery, etc.
To create a anarcho-capitalist definition of free market where everything
goes and there is no concept of individual rights is as immoral and perverse
as the statist concepts that similarly have no concept of individual rights
(fascism, communism).

@_date: 1998-11-09 06:56:54
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Again that is simply incorrect, or do you wish to tell me that our military
has not prevented the invasion of the continental US in this century, or
that it did not prevent the Soviet Union from expanding across Europe? You
cannot completely discount *deterrent force*, although it is greatly
Nor can a government use *retribution force* if it does not know the
Your statement boils down to the government is not omnipotent. Well duh!

@_date: 1998-11-10 07:22:56
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
What if they are on a fixed or small income and need food? Medical care?
Etc. Should be make food retail and medical services both tax-supported
government-mandated monopolies to accommodate those people who do not
produce enough that they need a free lunch provided by someone more
It is the same argument used to continue our massive failure of a public
educational system. There is no valid reason to intertwine "welfare" with the service, and there
are many reasons not to -- e.g. it treats items as commodity services that
should not be (esp. education), it creates false "rights" (e.g. right to
education), it creates a coercive monopoly immune to market competition, and
since people don't have to *evaluate* the service for spending decisions,
they tend to *value* it less if at all.
With welfare completely divorced from services, you can get a clear sight of
the real cost (negative value) of the socialistic support system, and also
of the productive output (positive value) of the service produced and those
willing and able to consume it.
No, he said *willing*.
If you claim that a service won't exist without public tax funding, then you
are essentially claiming that people do not value that service enough to
privately pay for it. So we should instead force them to pay for it?
And these connections won't exist if they are private entities?
Perhaps they will have less chance if the agencies are bound to the same
limitations as individuals in regards to privacy and liberty, but that is a
good thing.
But that is not to say a private organization would not have matching
capabilities. You cannot look at current PI's for the same reason as you
cannot look at private education as what would exist in absence of the
publicly mandated one. Lack of suitable competition is due to
government-created monopolistic conditions.

@_date: 1998-11-10 08:30:48
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
Uh, what in the hell is "advanced, nuclear hardened, encryption technology"

@_date: 1998-11-10 09:58:20
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
"If you think of yourselves as helpless and ineffectual, it is certain that you will create a despotic government to be your master. The wise despot, therefore, maintains among his subjects a popular sense that they are helpless and ineffectual."                           --Frank Herbert, The Dosadi Experiment I don't think many cpunks (and other freedom loving people) are necessarily
nihilistic so much as they have come to the conclusion that to ignore and/or
subvert government has higher probability of success than trying to reform
it -- much to the demise of the Libertarian Party. The whole cryptography
and geodesic communications being the bane of the nation-state theme tends
to support this idea.

@_date: 1998-11-10 13:17:34
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
Yes, I assumed as much. But it is electronic circuits that are EMP/nuclear
hardened, not the "encryption technology." We have a populace that doesn't
understand what cryptography is, such reckless statements don't help,
especially putting nuclear and encryption in the same sentence.
For as much as I hate Clinton, encryption is mathematics, period. National
security fearmongering to spite Clinton does not help the encryption
awareness/freedom campaign.

@_date: 1998-11-10 13:25:41
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
My thesis that this is a common sentiment? Who the @ is talking about
history, try looking around. No, I'm talking 1950's to present, and
particularly 1990's and the internet-libertarian culture. I think this
sentiment is historically unprecedented.
The thesis that to ignore the nation-state will see it's demise? Well we
really need a financial system that they don't control, which has been
promised with financial cryptography but has yet to arrive. I don't think
it's time to throw in the towel yet.

@_date: 1998-11-26 06:58:14
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: [ISN] Feds Want Banks to Spy on All Customers...Even You!   (fwd) 
Albert, please do NOT post HTML.
plain-text ASCII with < 80 char wrap ONLY.
plain-text version follows:
-----Original Message-----
Isn't this called prior restraint? Isn't it specifically illegal for the
government to treat all members of the public as criminals a priori? This certainly sounds like one of the grossest cases of
Feds-That-Should-Die(TM) that I have ever heard. I'm sure that the founding
fathers would have been stocking up on gun powder and lead over this one.
And I'm NOT one of the many Libertarian/Money-Gun-and-Gold-Stashing types on
this list. I far and away prefer to work inside the system peacefully. But,
it does give me pause to think about it! When a supposedly NON-LEA agency such as the FuckingDICks begins creating
regulations of this sort it is the most blatant proof that the constitution
has died. Perhaps it is time to start draft the next version of the
Declaration of Independence... Actually, we wouldn't need to change much. It
was an excellent document then and now and perhaps it is time shake the dust
off of it! Here's my take on a new version, (read carefully the changes in some cases
are subtle): THE DECLARATION of INDEPENDENCE

@_date: 1998-10-01 17:16:07
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Sure, but does that mean the MS platform was less suitable than Unix, or
their MS platform programmers were inferior to their Unix counterparts.
I believe Netscape outsourced the Unix development, at least initially.
I would blame insufficient SQA at Netscape, and from what I've heard
that claim is justified.

@_date: 1998-10-01 17:19:01
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Is it?
Yes, why don't we try anyone from the Austrian or Chicago Schools, or
have you not gotten that far in your Econ 101 textbook?
I'll even give you a couple to start with: Friedrich A. Hayek, Ludwig
von Mises, Carl Menger, Adam Smith, Murray Rothbard, Milton Friedman,
Alan Greenspan. You also might try Frederic Bastiat, Ayn Rand. Try
reading some of the studies done by the CATO Institute
No, you can keep your Western Illinois school of voodoo economics to
There are very few natural monopolies. Few to none. The sewer system or
local access roads are better examples than electricity -- all
electricity requires is right-of-way access, it is not scarce on
property like roads. Copper/fiber is already run by three separate
entities (phone, cable, electric) to the home and there is evidence to
show that it came be made much for free (see fiber-running in Helsinki).
Right-of-way is the source of the monopoly. Problem is government will
assume it is a natural monopoly and create a coercive one. Take
telephony for example, which is so blatantly obvious today that it is
not a natural monopoly -- yet try getting dry copper circuits and
providing dial-tone and see the mess of regulation you run into.
Show me an example of an unregulated coercive monopoly whose source of
monopoly power is not ultimately the government. Efficient monopolies
(e.g. ALCOA) exist in early markets, but they are not coercive, they
cannot prevent competition, they can only be efficient enough that they
capital market won't see the returns to justify a second entrant.
I suggest you question the motivation of your sources. We are living in
the shadow of socialism and big government, who proclaimed the evils of
capitalism and stepped in to save the day. Were they justified?
Read what Greenspan thinks turn-of-the-century monopolists and resulting
regulation: PS. Your spelling is as bad as Jim's. One starts to wonder if bad
spelling and bad logic go hand in hand.

@_date: 1998-10-01 20:03:52
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Jim Choate answered:
The church had a monopoly on religion. Not any more. When it had it was
supported by the state or by its own use of force. The other two
organizations use force to maintain their monopoly, and again both are
supported indirectly (sometimes more directly than we like to think) by
the state. The state prohibits free competition, it is a black market.
When I talk of a free market I man Laissez Faire Capitalism, not
Anarcho-Capitalism. The abolition of force is a requisite (and the only
proper role of government). A large company can maintain a monopoly by
force (more often than not the government is the instrument of force,
the legalization of coercive monopoly power).

@_date: 1998-10-02 04:27:15
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
I cannot claim to be an expert on anarcho-capitalism, but the
fundamental difference is Laissez Faire Capitalists believes in limited
government. The primary role of government being the abolition of
coercive force, the protection of intellectual property, and running or
overseeing of what can absolutely be justified as a natural monopoly
(e.g. military defense, sewer, local roads, etc).
Anarcho-capitalism on the other hand believes in no government (anarchy)
and that social institutions and co-ops will assume any functions that a
government would have had. Some believe that people and organizations
will independently prevent force will others believe in a competitive
free market for force and protection.
In either case there is no government interference in free trade (except
LF would prohibit Assassination Politics (AP) and similar).
Views on intellectual property and the obvious marketplace changes due
to an IP or lack of IP framework would be the major difference IMHO. I
cannot currently justify no intellectual property rights taken to an
extreme, and then you have the contradiction of force within the
framework of commerce.
Basically no person (or entity) can use force (or its derivatives)
against another person (or entity). Your long history of criminal law,
except stripped of all victimless crimes.
"What, then, is law? It is the collective organization of the individual
right to lawful defense. Each of us has a natural right--from God--to defend his person, his
liberty, and his property. These are the three basic requirements of
life, and the preservation of any one of them is completely dependent
upon the preservation of the other two. For what are our faculties but
the extension of our individuality? And what is property but an
extension of our faculties? If every person has the right to defend -- even by force -- his person,
his liberty, and his property, then it follows that a group of men have
the right to organize and support a common force to protect these rights
constantly. Thus the principle of collective right -- its reason for
existing, its lawfulness -- is based on individual right. And the common
force that protects this collective right cannot logically have any
other purpose or any other mission than that for which it acts as a
substitute. Thus, since an individual cannot lawfully use force against
the person, liberty, or property of another individual, then the common
force -- for the same reason -- cannot lawfully be used to destroy the
person, liberty, or property of individuals or groups. Such a perversion of force would be, in both cases, contrary to our
premise. Force has been given to us to defend our own individual rights.
Who will dare to say that force has been given to us to destroy the
equal rights of our brothers? Since no individual acting separately can
lawfully use force to destroy the rights of others, does it not
logically follow that the same principle also applies to the common
force that is nothing more than the organized combination of the
individual forces? If this is true, then nothing can be more evident than this: The law is
the organization of the natural right of lawful defense. It is the
substitution of a common force for individual forces. And this common
force is to do only what the individual forces have a natural and lawful
right to do: to protect persons, liberties, and properties; to maintain
the right of each, and to cause justice to reign over us all."
from _The Law_, by Frederick Bastiat

@_date: 1998-10-02 04:44:12
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
One thing that has changed fundamentally in the Information Age is the
ability for the consumer to get informed -- the ease if information
publishing and retrieval and the inability to control it. Reputation has
more value then ever. If anything the government should insure
information disclosure (and enforce laws against fraud). Don't prohibit
transactions, let the consumer decide. For example the market will place
a value on FDA approval, whether individuals will pay more for or only
consume FDA approved items, whether insurance will cover non-approved
items, etc (and the FDA should be funded fully by evaluation fees, it
simply becomes a sort of brand, it sells reputation).
Government cannot protect people from their own decisions, and should
not have the right to take those decisions away.
I wouldn't eat at McDonalds even with all the regulation.
More often than not regulation is a false sense of security, and often
protects companies from legitimate liability (although god knows our
liability/tort system is completely out of whack).

@_date: 1998-10-04 15:16:37
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Microsoft is not a monopoly by any stretch of the imagination.
Railroads were highly competitive in the East. The railroad monopolies
in the West were created by exclusive government land grants.

@_date: 1998-10-05 01:02:23
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Capitalism and Monopolies (was RE: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction) 
Completely false. Traffic to/from the West coast did not warrant the
capital investment in transcontinental railway, so the government make
*exclusive* lands grants to specific railroads to extend the railways to
the West coast (100M acres between 1863-7) . Those subsidies created the
monopolies, the source of coercive power over Western farmers. Protest
against this arbitrary power was blamed on the market instead of the
government subsidies, and resulted in the Interstate Commerce Act of
1887, and the Sherman Act of 1890. I should have stated government "distortions" instead of "regulation."
That includes subsidies.
The placement (ownership) of these rights, their value, restrictions and
enforcement are the result of a free market? No, government
Did anyone ever state monopolies result from federal regulations?
Government distortion/intervention, that can come at any level. Acts of
force or coercion can create a monopolistic situation, free trade
So what is the discriminating factor(s) distinguishing industries that
can and cannot be monopolized?
Don't forget capital markets; a free fluid capital market can and will
support a smaller competitor if potential long term profits will support
it. I will qualify that we do not have a very free capital market, it
currently favors larger businesses. The answer is to deregulate the
capital market. Even with our heavily regulated capital markets this
works often.
Equality is about freedom of action, not status or result. Amazon vs
Barnes & Noble, Yahoo vs NBC, Red Hat vs Microsoft, etc.
I see the egalitarian perversion of "equality" polluting arguments
against free market capitalism. Equal states and "game" like fairness
and handicapping is not ideal, Freedom is ideal.
However buys and installs the switches and wires. There is no artificial
barriers such as right-of-way restrictions, exclusive franchise,
utilities commission, or nationalization. There are many competing
telecom companies, all the way to local loop.
That's a perverted definition of 'natural' monopoly. A 'natural'
monopoly involves something where all or none must benefit (e.g.
military defense) or something based on a severely scarce resource (e.g.
real estate to your house).
Market saturation is a natural effect of free competition, the number of
firms it takes is irrelevant, and competition is not barred by
artificial restraint, only profit. If a firm abuses its position
competition can and will capitalize on the opportunity. A coercive
monopoly is one that is immune to market constraints (supply and demand)

@_date: 1998-10-05 01:34:23
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... 
A free market is not the absence of law (that is anarchy), a free market
is the absence of government intervention in trade and commerce.
That does not mean people and businesses are immune from criminal law,
fraud statutes, civil liability, etc.
The market addresses information disclosure by favoring vendors that
disclose. The legal system addresses intentional misinformation.
You are confusing Laissez Faire [free market] Capitalism with

@_date: 1998-10-05 02:29:51
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Intellectual property is fundamentally unenforceable in an anarchic
state (you have no govt), at least in the manner we have now, whereas a
Laissez Faire state could enforce it (you have limited govt). That says
nothing about whether IP should exist in current form or at all, simply
that it *could* exist under LF.
I don't support the current path IP law is headed, but I support the
underlying basis for intellectual property rights, as do most LF
There are many different takes on anarchism, from those that include
coercion as a market (and marketable) element to those where it is
prohibited, but without the state (rational anarchy). Therefore it is
difficult to discriminate the differences other than limited government
versus no government.
No, you certainly have a right to self-defense.
Is it? No. Should it be? Yes.
"Nowhere has the coercive and parasitic nature of the State been more
clearly limned than by the great late nineteenth-century German
sociologist, Franz Oppenheimer. Oppenheimer pointed out that there are
two and only two mutually exclusive means for man to obtain wealth. One,
the method of production and voluntary exchange, the method of the free
market, Oppenheimer termed the 'economic means'; the other, the method
of robbery by the use of violence, he called the 'political means.' The
political means is clearly parasitic, for it requires previous
production for the exploiters to confiscate, and it subtracts from
rather than adding to the total production in society. Oppenheimer then
proceeds to define the State as the 'organization of the political
means' -the systematization of the predatory process over a given
territorial area."
    -- Murray Rothbard on Franz Oppenheimer's  _Der Staat_
Abolition of *coercive* force. Defensive force I promote.
That was a quote from Frederick Bastiat, not me. Faculty is a broad
term, your cognitive faculty is physiological, but your rational faculty
(your mind) is really the essence of individuality. You are more
correct, your individuality is derived from your faculty, your faculty
is derived from the nature of man.
Absolutely not and no they don't. What part did you miss? A group is
simply a collection of individuals, therefore holds no more rights nor
less rights than any single member, nor does any member sacrifice any
rights by participating in a group.
Rights are based on the nature of reality (survival).
"In order to sustain its life, every living species has to follow a
certain course of action required by its nature. The action required to
sustain human life is primarily intellectual: everything man needs has
to be discovered by his mind and produced by his effort. Production is
the application of reason to the problem of survival...
Since knowledge, thinking, and rational action are properties of the
individual, since the choice to exercise his rational faculty or not
depends on the individual, man's survival requires that those who think
be free of the interference of those who don't. Since men are neither
omniscient nor infallible, they must be free to agree or disagree, to
cooperate or pursue their own independent course, each according to his
own rational judgement. Freedom is the fundamental requirement of man's
The social recognition of man's rational nature--of the connection
between his survival and his use of reason--is the concept of
*individual rights*.
..."rights" are a moral principle defining and sanctioning a man's
freedom of action in a social context...
...man has to work and produce in order to support his life. He has to
support his life by his own effort and by the guidance of his own mind.
If he cannot dispose of the product of his effort, he cannot dispose of
his effort; if he cannot dispose of his effort, he cannot dispose of his
life. Without property rights, no other rights can be practiced." -- Ayn

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:24:08
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Jim Choate
Utopian socialism/communism believed that property is best managed and
owned by the people -- the people as some abstract collective entity aka
proletariat aka BORG. The dictatorial government is the agent of the
proletariat to abolish individual rights and transition to communist
utopia where government is no longer needed.
Of course actual socialism in mixed economies and communism in command
economies bear little resemblance to Marx's delusions.

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:26:57
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
By golly Jim you almost got it.
The only problem is your statement that one can dominate "saturable"
markets without some artificial "mechanism." If you mean dominate by
market share, then sure that is possible. But that in itself is not bad,
ALCOA dominated via low prices and high efficiency. Domination in the
bad sense is to be immune from the laws of supply and demand, and hence
have arbitrary power over the market -- that is the definition of a
coercive monopoly. You will find that that is not possible without an
artificial barrier to competition.
The conclusions I would draw from that are IBM as the former market
giant had a very strong International infrastructure, channels and
reputation. Since the US market is the principle industry producer, it
was more competitive and less dominated by IBM. Microsoft, therefore,
had an easier time in an already competitive US market than breaking in
overseas. They also had the underdog phenomenon going for them here, the
local competitive market wanting to break IBM's dominance. The fact that
OS/2 utterly flopped in the US and found some adopters overseas is
credit to IBMs international reputation and little else.

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:42:12
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
First of all the majority of the market to which they are selling is
anything but free. Each government has a monopoly on their military, and
many have a monopoly on their commercial airlines as well. Government
aren't bound by the same survival rules as consumers, they are able to
irrationally spend as the can simply extort more money.
Despite this very strong market distortion, competition for defense
contracts had been rather competitive in the US, with the recent
consolidation due to shrinking demand (note they cannot seek other
markets freely to compensate). And despite the strong market
distortions, Boeing makes a very slim profit margin on commercial
aircraft (~3%) competing with Airbus.
The private aircraft industry has had a terrible time not for lack of
demand, but because of rampant irrational and overzealous liability
claims. This has created a very limited number of vendors and highly
inflated prices.
Again, none these are natural effects of the free market.
So you would force people to pay higher prices so can have more choices?
You would force people to support inefficient competitors?
Political power gums at the mean end of a gun, what political power do
monopolies have and how?

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:44:07
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... 
[govt subsidies to transcontinental railroads]
So if the market could not support it, who paid for it and how, who
benefited from the distortion and who paid the price? The market demands
the most efficient distribution of capital resources, when the
government screws with that and screws with the market, the resulting
problems (arbitrary coercive power of Western railroads, and severe lack
of quality and safety) are because of that distortion, not the market.
The government should have *not* intervened.
Which is not my point though, my point is the judgements of an
uneducated populace and corrupted government to blame this as a natural
effect of a free market should not be carried forward, it needs to be
exposed and corrected.
[oil mineral rights]
Which is not a market instrument, it is a government instrument.
Government intervention does not necessarily have to be direct and

@_date: 1998-10-06 08:28:47
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
"SHOULD EDUCATION BE COMPULSORY AND TAX-SUPPORTED, AS IT IS TODAY?
The answer to this question becomes evident if one makes the question
more concrete and specific, as follows: Should the government be
permitted to remove children forcibly from their homes, with or without
the parents' consent, and subject the children to educational training
and procedures of which the parents may or may not approve? Should
citizens have their wealth expropriated to support an educational system
which they may or may not sanction, and to pay for the education of
children who are not their own?" -- Nathaniel Branden
Absolutely not.
But even if you take a strong socialist/statist position and answer
"yes," how can you justify expounding on the evils of coercive
monopolies, their arbitrary power, abuse and inefficiency, and then at
the same time make Education, one of the most important services to
society, a coercive monopoly?! This simply does not make sense.
Education needs to be brought into the marketplace so it can be
objectively evaluated. VALUED. As an entitlement, education is not
valued as it should be, and as a monopoly there is no leverage to choose
standards which to value, to discriminate service.
The educational system has failed worse than any other industry, not for
lack of supply and demand, but for lack of free competition.

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:34:40
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
I did. I state you cannot have a coercive monopoly without artificial
barriers (and hence a free market cannot have a coercive monopoly) and
you disagree. I am not sticking any terms where they don't go, you have
consistently theorized monopolies can exist in a free market.
Perhaps you should re-read my statement and not assume negatives where I
clearly did not write them.
That is a twisted and absolutely unjustified definition of a free
market. A free market lacks forceful restriction or prohibition of free
[consensual] trade. EXCEPT that which violates individual rights. I will argue that an
anarcho-capitalist market that treats force as a commodity is NOT a free
There can be participants acting as agents, intermediaries and arbiters
for the traders.
You cannot define a word with itself. What is *dominate* in context of a
market, and does that dominance imply the possession of arbitrary power?
The only valid definition, yes. I will gladly accept the invalidation
that dominant or exclusive market share necessarily constitute a
monopoly, as that does not in itself prove arbitrary power (immunity
from market economics).
There is but ONE market strategy: to price at a point lower than new
entrants could sustain their business, and constantly increase
productive efficiency and reduce costs.
This works great in the short term, especially in emerging industries,
but it is statistically improbable for a company to maintain perfection.
The market is not static, it is always changing and technology often
favors new entrants who are not encumbered with legacy technology.
It is less relevant that such a company is unlikely to maintain that
position forever, but that such efficient dominance is good for the
market. Productive efficiency raises the standard of living.

@_date: 1998-10-09 07:41:54
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
The Mafia has had two primary characteristics:
a) the use of force
b) trade in elicit and prohibited goods and services
Unless you can claim a reference to a Mafia at some time and place that
had neither characteristics and a market which they monopolized which
lacked any other intervention, then this all is utterly irrelevant to
the discussion at hand.

@_date: 1998-10-09 18:00:10
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Not really, the state holds a monopoly on "legal" force, whereas the
Mafia and other black-market organizations do not. What is interesting
is they use force often because they cannot use the government legal
system to arbitrate their disputes.

@_date: 1998-10-09 18:25:02
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
No, I believe he said (meant) government's monopoly on force (i.e.
regulation, not anarchism), not government monopolies.
Wow, I happen to agree, people need on objective framework in which to
take their disputes. The only such framework though that need be a
monopoly is one that deals with force as the dispute or where force is
the end retribution (i.e. you cannot have regulatory arbitrage with
force). The problem is the assumption that any such regulator could be
impartial. The need for such arbiter needs to be minimized (hence
minimal/limited government = laissez faire != anarcho-capitalism).

@_date: 1998-10-13 05:54:21
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Two Jims, Werner and Matt redefine socialism for their own ends 
So why can't your neighbors run a bank?
Distribute what and created by whom? Need I point out the obvious
fallacy that wealth is a static sum. It is not, wealth must be *created*
before it exists to plunder and share. Abstract wealth and divorce it
from the creator and you eliminate the motive to create. You can only
live from plundered wealth so long before you slip into oblivion (see
the Soviet Union).
No, capitalism allows you to leverage your future productive capacity to
acquire capital assets you wouldn't otherwise have. That is your choice,
and your benefit.
No, capitalism allows you to trade your labor instead of your product.
That is your choice, and your benefit.
The question was not rhetorical. Do you care to answer?
How? By denying the ability of others to supply them. By denying your
right to create them. By (legitimately) denying your ability to steal
them. How? By denying your ability to create and dispose of your own wealth.
By denying you the right to freely trade your labor or the right of
others to purchase that labor. By denying your ability to accumulate
Staying is a restraint that is self-imposed (provided government does
not restrict freedom of movement). Why is there only one employer?
On the contrary I clearly stated it did. But if the monopoly does not
have guns itself, whose guns are they?
Exactly. So eliminate those guns.
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't  go away." -- Philip K. Dick
Fine, stop believing in money, no one is forcing you to. Did it work?
Oh, you mean *everyone* has to stop believing in it? Sounds like mass
delusion to me, and metaphysical subjectivism. The fact that something
exists or not is clearly independent of whether anyone believes in it or
Money is a symbol. The valuation of any given monetary system is
entirely irrelevant to the existence of that which money represents, and
the failure of Fiat currencies does not abolish the existence of what
they had represented.
What is the root of money?
Manipulation of the money supply by the state is tool for theft by the
state and denial of economic reality. It had consequences in 1929, and
it will again.

@_date: 1998-10-15 05:37:26
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Two Jims, Werner and Matt redefine socialism for their own en ds 
If you believe there is a single valid concept in that whole
populist/agrarian bullshit I can shoot it down, otherwise it is not
worth my time.

@_date: 1998-10-15 09:28:11
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: DNA (fwd) 
Monozygotic [maternal] twins do have the same DNA. Hence they are
identical. Genetically identical that is, there are non-genetic
variations. Dizygotic [fraternal] twins do not. Fraternal twins can be
visually nearly identical, but they are not genetically identical.
Clones on the otherhand and have identical nuclear DNA, but are not
necessarily identical because some early development processes rely on
maternal genome material and not nuclear DNA, and depending on the
cloning process they may have different mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA).

@_date: 1998-10-23 04:34:57
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Women cannot commit rape? 
No, and I doubt it would work either.
However any man who thinks they cannot be coerced into arousal by other
(physical) means is terribly sexually naive.
This is the problem with puritan judges. Some madam needs to tie him up
and show him exactly how easy he could be raped -- that is if he's not
impotent too.

@_date: 1998-10-27 06:18:00
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: capitalism run amuck by Korton 
Who has both the motive to deny economic reality and the power to do so
in the short term?
Who controls it, how and why?
Capitalism and democracy have nothing to do with each other.
"capitalism is...the mortal enemy of ...the market."
"capitalism is...the mortal enemy of ...the [free] market."
"capitalism is...the mortal enemy of ...[free] market [capitalism]."
"capitalism is...the mortal enemy of ...[capitalism]."
Hmmm, there is a problem here.
"[Modern pseudo-]capitalism is the mortal enemy of [free] market
There, that works.
Money can't rule, it is not sentient. Who controls money?
I can't believe after 69 years people are still shoveling the same
socialist and protectionist bullshit.
I cannot figure out how someone can get so close to pointing on the
problem with [modern] capitalism and still come to all the wrong
I've never seen populism and [free] market economics twisted together so
     Matt
"I think you have to define what you mean by a free market.  If you have a fiat currency, which is what everyone has in the world --- ...That is not a free market.  Central banks of necessity determine what the money supply is.  If you're on a gold standard or other mechanism in which the central banks do not have discretion, then the system works automatically. "     --Federal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan

@_date: 1998-10-27 17:11:41
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: FW: Death, Politics and the Net 
...and I was just thinking the other day it would be cool to create a
government blocking service maintaining a list of disallowed IPs and
providing a click-thru redirect agreement complete with legal
enforcement. ;)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 23, 1998 2:59 PM
[There *is* a cyberia connection in here, somewhere, I think.]
I'm sure you all (in the U.S., at least) have heard of the murdered
Tennessee state senator, and that his opponent in the upcoming election
is now charged with the crime.
Well, turns out that the boys aren't just from anywhere in TN, but from
Putnam County, home of the cookie-monster suit between the local guvvies
and the Putnam Pit .  So, always interested
in alternative viewpoints, thought I'd see what the Pit had to say, in
it's own inimitable way.  Found that its home page now says what
follows. Thought it might interest some, for reasons unrelated to the
alleged crime.
Welcome to The Putnam Pit online
Because of the costs associated with producing The Putnam Pit caused by
local government civil rights violations, government officials,
employees and their agents may no longer access this site without a
subscription. This site is a private forum. It is private property and
protected by copyright law and the fourth amendment to the United States
Constitution. If you do not work for or represent the Cookeville or
Putnam County, Tenn., governments, are not using a government computer
or government Internet account and agree no portion of any material
posted here will be made available to the governments of Cookeville or
Putnam County, Tenn., or their agents, click here for free access.
Notice to employees, officials or agents of the Cookeville or Putnam
County, Tenn., governments, and those using a government computer or
government Internet account:
If you are an employee, official or agent of the Cookeville or Putnam
County, Tenn., governments, or you are using a government computer or
government Internet account you must purchase a subscription to access
The Putnam Pit. A subscription costs $20 and may be obtained by sending
a check to The Putnam Pit, P.O. Box 1483, Cookeville, Tenn. 38503. If
you access any page of the material managed and owned by The Putnam Pit,
Inc., without a subscription, you agree by that access to pay $500 per
incident of access to each page accessed every time you access it. You
further agree to waive all rights to contest collection of any debt
thereby incurred, and enter into this agreement on behalf of the
government entity on whose computer or through whose Internet account
your access was facilitated. You further represent by clicking below and
accessing The Putnam Pit's private and copyrighted property to allow The
Putnam Pit or its agents to inspect the hard drive of your computer to
determine the number of times the site was accessed according to he
terms of this contract to determine the amount owed. click here

@_date: 1998-09-08 08:03:31
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: cryptographically secure mailing list software 
I've been curious as to whether anyone has developed and/or whether it
is technically feasible to develop a cryptographically secure
e.g. User would submit their PGP public key to the listserver upon
subscription, submitted messages would be encrypted with the
listserver's public key, the listserver would decrypt the message and
re-encrypt it with the key of all members and distribute it. This way
the users don't need to manage all the keys or even know the list
membership. Most listservers already have the ability to moderate
subscription messages, the list would not be snoopable.
What sort of overhead would exist on a list of a few hundred members?
If there is not something existing that will do this, what is the best
mailing list codebase to start from? Majodomo I imagine might not be up
to the task being written in Perl, LSoft ListSERV I love but it is
commercial (no sourcecode).

@_date: 1998-09-09 15:42:02
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
So much for "no domestic crypto restrictions." I really hate when people
say that, there are plenty, and export restrictions on cryptography
software and cryptography in software DOES indirectly but substantially
affect the availability and cost of domestic encryption, not to mention
that most people download export-grade crypto from the web for
Isn't there a similar ban on encryption-capable telephones and other
electronic devices (other than computers).

@_date: 1998-09-10 13:44:30
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Spot The Fed 
Traceroute doesn't use DNS? Whatever.
And it's ICMP, Internet Control Management Protocol.
The original traceroute works by sending User Datagram Protocol (UDP)
datagrams (default 3) to an invalid port address of a remote host,
starting with a Time-To-Live (TTL) of 1 causing the first router in the
path to return an ICMP Time Exceeded Message (TEM), traceroute
increments the TTL by one (up the max hop count, default 30) and
resends, reaching the next router, until an ICMP Destination Unreachable
Message is returned indicating the unreachable port on the destination
The IP addresses of the hops are determined by the return packet
headers, there is no hostname. Reverse DNS lookup is used to give you
the host names, which can be turned on or off in the traceroute options
(it's much faster if you turn it off).
Traceroute was a diagnostic kludge. RFC 1393 describes and ICMP-based
traceroute function, whereby traceroute sends an ICMP trace message (see
the RFC for details) but there is still no hostname on the return
packet, DNS is still used.
Certain ICMP messages are often disabled and/or certain ports blocked or
"shaped" by routers under thresholds to prevent common Denial-of-Service
(DoS) attacks.

@_date: 1998-09-10 15:54:21
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: ASL: RE: RE: RE: Copyright infringement (fwd) 
Uh, how so? Distribution copyright covers first-sale only, after that
the owner can lend or sell that item. If it were not for this, public
and private libraries could not exist.
This works for IP protected in tangible form, but falls down for
electronic IP. Software is not protected by distribution copyright, it
is instead licensed.

@_date: 1998-09-10 21:24:08
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
BTW, is all this talk about rules for specific frequencies dedicated to
amateur radio?
Why not use some of the frequency ranges that were recently opened up
for unlicensed SS/RF use? Ricochet modem)

@_date: 1998-09-11 14:15:37
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Rental of PC software... 
USC Title 17  109 subsec (b)(1)(A)
...unless authorized by the ...owner of copyright in a computer program
(including any tape, disk, or other medium embodying such program),
...[no] person in possession of a particular copy of a computer program
(including any tape, disk, or other medium embodying such program), may,
for the purposes of direct or indirect commercial advantage, dispose of,
or authorize the disposal of, the possession of that ...computer program
(including any tape, disk, or other medium embodying such program) by
rental, lease, or lending, or by any other act or practice in the nature
of rental, lease, or lending. ... The transfer of possession of a
lawfully made copy of a computer program by a nonprofit educational
institution to another nonprofit educational institution or to faculty,
staff, and students does not constitute rental, lease, or lending for
direct or indirect commercial purposes under this subsection. (B) This subsection does not apply to - (i) a computer program which is embodied in a machine or product and
which cannot be copied during the ordinary operation or use of the
machine or product; or (ii) a computer program embodied in or used in conjunction with a
limited purpose computer that is designed for playing video games and
may be designed for other purposes. (2)(A) Nothing in this subsection shall apply to the lending of a
computer program for nonprofit purposes by a nonprofit library, if each
copy of a computer program which is lent by such library has affixed to
the packaging containing the program a warning of copyright in
accordance with requirements that the Register of Copyrights shall
prescribe by regulation. (B) Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of the
Computer Software Rental Amendments Act of 1990, and at such times
thereafter as the Register of Copyright considers appropriate, the
Register of Copyrights, after consultation with representatives of
copyright owners and librarians, shall submit to the Congress a report
stating whether this paragraph has achieved its intended purpose of
maintaining the integrity of the copyright system while providing
nonprofit libraries the capability to fulfill their function. Such
report shall advise the Congress as to any information or
recommendations that the Register of Copyrights considers necessary to
carry out the purposes of this subsection.

@_date: 1998-09-11 23:43:31
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Starr report and CDA 
The US government violates their own CDA by posting this graphically
detailed report to the Internet. Am I the only one that doesn't find
that ironic. Well it's good ammo (perhaps) for the next time the CDA
comes up.

@_date: 1998-09-16 13:04:39
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Democracy... 
What definition of "religion" are you using. I am very hard pressed to
find single definition that does not involve *faith*, although I have
yet to find a good etymological dictionary on the Internet (anyone know
of one?). You are correct that religion need not have anything to do
with church.
Greek: a- (without) + [theos (god) + ismos (practice or doctrine)]
Unless you can show me a religion that does not involve a god or gods,
and although etymologically unjustified I would claim one that does not
involve *faith*, then I would say you could NOT be both an atheist and
religious. Agnostic perhaps, but not an atheist. You can be
contradictory and hypocritical and claim you are many things, but we are
talking about a coherent philosophy.
You can be both spiritual and an atheist. Spirituality does not require
faith in any external mystical element or being.
What part of "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religion" didn't you understand?
As with most the constitution, however, this is theory, not practice. In
practice there are many laws and case precedence establishing and
preferring certain religious practices, particularly the institution of
I agree, but clearly they have. Particularly all the IRS code involving
certain exemptions for religious organizations and individuals. Like I
said above, theory versus practice, we are essentially no longer living
under the constitution.

@_date: 1998-09-16 14:40:00
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: It's finally over (was Re: Explanation of Harald Fragner and  cypherpunks) 
Most lists and services have dealt with the problem of someone
accidentally subscribing or maliciously subscribing someone else in one
of two ways:
A) send and acknowledgement message with a randomly generated
authorization code that requires the user to respond.
B) send out a password and require the user to login before account is
This works only if you assume the malicious individual will not receive
mail sent to that address. This therefore falls down when the address is
a mailing list or other distribution point that the malicious individual
has access to directly or via archives.
What we really need is an automated system that could authorize/deny an
address prior to the code/password being sent that would keep track of
distribution list addresses and such.
Perhaps I'll create one myself soon.

@_date: 1998-09-16 15:32:48
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Encrypting files. 
PGP International for file encryption, NTSentry or BestCrypt for
virtual-disk encryption.
PGP International
All are outside the US.
If anyone has other good recommendations, please add them.

@_date: 1998-09-16 16:06:08
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: 128 bit or 40 bit? 
So what makes it so "special?" A special CA? What happens when that
special CA expires, cannot the user add/modify certs, or does everyone
need to patch their MSIE (or whatever) when that happens.

@_date: 1998-09-16 17:09:19
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Then I guess you could say that pantheism is an atheist religion, as
opposed to a theist religion.
My nice definition of atheism is reason over faith, science over
mysticism, basically an anti-religion. While that may be etymologically
unjustified, it does accurately reflect the views of the majority of
people I know who call themselves atheist, myself included.
Notice my brackets:
a- (without) + [theos (god) + ismos (practice or doctrine)]
[a- (without) + theos (god)] + ismos (practice or doctrine)
No, and it's not, it's like standing in the doorway of a religion, not
sure whether to enter or leave, perhaps practicing but not believing.
Such indecisiveness annoys me, but it accounts for the majority of the

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:04:12
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: It's finally over (was Re: Explanation of Harald Fragner and  cypherpunks) 
Hash: SHA1
Yes, but you can't expect the masses sign all their email, not yet
anyway, so you cannot require cryptographic authentication for mailing lists and services subscriptions (esp. for-profit services that would not like to
turn away anyone).
That is what you are talking about isn't it?

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:45:40
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
Wow, you learn something new every day. I had always thought state laws
applied to anyone in the states borders, not solely to those people
declared citizens of that state.
In fact if this were the case, why then would it be necessary for the
recently bill/proposal allowing people with a valid concealed weapons
permit in the jurisdiction in which they work to carry that home
(different jurisdiction). In fact wouldn't he need a permit in his home
jurisdiction and NOT his work jurisdiction? How could he get a concealed
weapons permit in his work jurisdiction if the laws can't apply to him?
Surely there is something amiss.

@_date: 1998-09-17 13:29:42
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
You trying to claim atheism is a religion itself is like the christians
always claiming non-christians are satin worshippers. Forget about the
origination of the word, in today's reality most atheists simply forgo
religion completely.
There is no reason to think that a god does exist, so why would one even
need to think about or believe in the negative.
Yes, beliefs based on valid reason, empiricism and science are not
religious, the generally follow the path from conjecture to theory to
fact. You may hold lots of personal conjecture that do qualify as
beliefs but are not religious in nature, they are not exempt from
empirical evidence and the laws of thermodynamics. Beliefs based on
faith and mysticism are religious. Religion is irrational.
Thank you.
Perhaps in Bible-belt Texas, not around here (not in the city anyway).

@_date: 1998-09-17 13:56:12
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Mobile phone tracking, pagers, etc 
Regarding the tracking of mobile phones, are all current types of phones
There was a recent post here regarding tracking of GSM phones.
TDMA/CDMA, analog/digital, PCS-band, etc, are they all equally capable
of being tracked?
However pagers are not, correct? They just broadcast an entire area to
page instead of the pager keeping the network informed of their
One thing I have long wondered: Why don't they make phones that
"wake-up" by a paging signal and then accept the call? It might increase
the connect time significantly, but it would also increase the potential
stand-by time indefinitely, and the location of the user is only exposed
when calls are in progress, not while the phone is on stand-by.
Are there any paging services (particularly alpha paging) that work on a
global scale? You would think daily pager rental service (esp. at
airports) would be popular. You could have an email address, even a
static phone number, that could re-route messages to any pager that you
happen to have at the time (PSTN-IP-PSTN, or even easier if the pager
service gives SMTP addresses, which most do these days).
Similarly a PSTN-IP-PSTN interface for voice could give you a static
phone number that you could dynamically forward anywhere untraceably.
BTW, why are most businesses so hostile to pseudonyms? I go to rent a
mailbox, paid 1 yr. in advance with cash, and they still want two pieces
of photo ID to copy.

@_date: 1998-09-17 15:03:30
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: A personal response to your email to sixdegrees 
An anti-cookie, I like it.
LISTSERV provides a cookie and makes you type "ok" in the body. Making
that "ok" or "cancel" and keeping the cookie active for a day or so
seems like it would be a really simple modification. One "cancel" of
course is over-riding and final.
Similarly for majordomo and other custom acknowledgement schemes.
-----Original Message-----
Most lists and services have dealt with the problem of someone
accidentally subscribing or maliciously subscribing someone else in one
of two ways:
A) send and acknowledgement message with a randomly generated
authorization code that requires the user to respond.
B) send out a password and require the user to login before account is
This works only if you assume the malicious individual will not receive
mail sent to that address. This therefore falls down when the address is
a mailing list or other distribution point that the malicious individual
has access to directly or via archives.

@_date: 1998-09-17 16:44:46
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Democracy... (fwd) 
No, there is a strict difference between the defining a word and
defining a philosophy coined after that word. Certainly Marxism,
Leninism and Stalinism all claimed to be Communism, regardless of how
much or little resemblance they bear to a strict definition of the word
How do you account for this contradiction. I hold a personal philosophy
that is strictly and absolutely constrained by reason and logic.
Do you believe in THE FORCE, as described by the great prophet George
If you say "Yes," am I to claim that is your *religious* belief, not
subject to reason, logic or empirical evidence? If you say "No," am I to
assume that is your *religious* belief, not subject to reason, logic or
empirical evidence?
I hold no *religious* beliefs, PERIOD.
You seem to be unable to grasp that concept.
If thinking that everyone holds a religion, even religiously not holding
one(?!), is a way for you to escape rational judgement on your own
ideas, then so be it, discussion on the topic is no longer useful as
this is obviously part of your religious beliefs.

@_date: 1998-09-17 16:52:53
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Cyberpunks Signal-to-Noise Ratio 
What! I can't hear you!
You could always filter *aol*, *anon* and *sixdegrees*.
Or shout louder (i.e. contribute signal).

@_date: 1998-09-18 15:06:55
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Questions for Magaziner? 
Mr Magaziner, what do you think Thomas Jefferson meant when he stated:
"Those who desire to give up Freedom in order to gain Security, will not
have, nor do they deserve, either one."

@_date: 1998-09-21 15:08:50
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
f() = belief function
A = hypothesis
^ = not
f(^A) != ^f(A)
At least not without placing requirements on f().
Then you claim everything is a belief, so f() is meaningless. But then
you deny A == A when you claimed that metaphysical objectivity is a
belief, so what was the point in writing the equation in the first
Go transcend.

@_date: 1998-09-21 15:32:25
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
Regarding the 5th amendment and other laws and precedence involving the
right to remain silent, the right against self-incrimination, etc, how
far could one carry that as an excuse to remain silent?
I mean I have no doubt given the number of laws and regulations on the
books that I will say something self-incriminating by some obscure law
and/or obscure interpretation every sixth or seventh sentence.

@_date: 1998-09-29 20:43:19
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
There are a number of other reasons -- principally support and backwards
compatibility costs. If you release an API for a commercial application
for ISVs, you better make sure it is relatively bug-free and mature. As
soon as someone else's code relies on that API, you are stuck with
making sure it continues to work as the product evolves.
There is nothing wrong with public and private APIs, and we hope that
the ad hoc private APIs from some midnight-oil-burning-hack to get the
product to ship on time that have useful functionality will eventually
be integrated into a mature public API.
Modular OOP design means you have lots of interfaces, you don't
necessarily want people to be able to dig in-between all the pieces of
your program -- often you cannot protect application/data integrity if
they do.
It's like custom software versus shrink-wrap. I write a lot of custom
software, it works for what it needs to do for a specific scenario, if
that changes I modify and recompile. There is a *lot* of work -- time,
money, *my* cost -- to take that custom application and make it flexible
and generic enough to be shrink-wrap and work in all scenarios. And if I
don't do it well enough I have a major support/liability problem. Same
applies to public vs private APIs.
You state free-market and then you are *requiring* someone to do
something? How do you resolve that contradiction? Require = Force !=
As far as *commercial* software vendors go, Microsoft is one of the
better companies for publishing APIs and creating useful APIs and tools
for Rapid Application Development. Do you subscribe to MSDN? Please do
before you crucify Microsoft for lack of APIs, if anything they have too
Pure speculative nonsense contrary to empirical evidence. Market
distortions the government creates are far worse than any Wonderland
monopoly you can dream up that will exist in a true free market.

@_date: 1998-09-30 03:18:47
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Duh, I never said otherwise. More motivation and more cost.
Sometimes (more often than not) it takes a couple drafts and re-writes
before things are the way they ought to be. APIs will often progress
from private to public as an evolution from immaturity to maturity,
disorganization to organization, ad hoc hack to flexible functionality,
custom purpose to generic usefulness. You evidently completely missed
that point.
Which is fine unless you are liable to support the inferior.
Midnight hacks will never go away.
But again, you missed my point. I stated many APIs start out as midnight
Let's not start OS wars. Each to their own, OSs are tools not religions.
By whose misguided definition? Free market required freedom (freedom
requires absence of coercive force), nothing else. Freedom is about
actions (motion), not static states (past/present/future), and so is
Competition. Id est, competition includes potential competition, a free
capital market guarantees potential competition, only force [regulation]
can hinder that.
"Regulation" generally = political power (= force). Whether than is
externally applied or internally applied under the threat of external
force makes no difference. When the politicos talk about wanting
deregulation and industry self-regulation, what they really mean is they
want industry to bow to their whim under threat of their arbitrary
power. Such actions then avoid the scrutiny and protections
theoretically provided by the political/legal system.
The only legitimate force is economic -- the decision to purchase or not
to purchase, or to purchase a competing or alternative product. Economic
force is not a regulator of the free market, it is its heart and soul,
the essence of the free market. Economic force requires absence of
political force to truly work properly.
How so? You have a choice to consume or not to consume, there is no act
of coercive force, I cannot steal from you without it. Cheat I may, a
fool and his money are easily parted. Civil liability and reputation
naturally regulate such things, no govt. regulation necessary. [And you
say, but wait, civil liability requires govt. regulation -- it does now
but it need not, free market legal systems can provide such with
reputation instead of guns as its basis]
Did I say they did not? I've worked at Microsoft, I not only know that
but I know why (and it's no conspiracy, chaos is more like it). They also have good many published APIs, and at the application layer
they are way ahead of most other vendors. At the OS layer I think open
source will win out, so you are preaching to the choir.
Open source will prevail if it makes economic (business) sense, all
other reasons are corollary. Regulation will destroy the free market
that could make open source viable.
     "There is a fantasy that open source and capitalism are      incompatible," Allman said. That misconception was at the      center of the decision to drop the "freeware" moniker in      favor of "open source." As Allman and others explained,      open source is a model for doing business, for making money.
(source:

@_date: 1998-09-30 17:27:36
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
*Require* per say is a bad term for the use of economic power. But the
market didn't "require" Microsoft to do so (see Microsoft's financial
statements), so why should the government step in and force something
that is contrary to the market?
The rest of Jim's sentence read "we wouldn't be spending all this effort
and money on the current [Department of Justice] proceedings."
Which tells me that require means certain segments of the market telling
Microsoft you will do this or we will fuck you over with the borrowcrats
we own, which is exactly what has happened. The elements lacked
sufficient economic power to sway Microsoft, and they lacked sufficient
political power until they ganged up together. A loose coalition to gain
via use of DOJ antitrust force what they good not gain in a free market.
That is political power, not economic.
What is rather ironic is that the same Antitrust laws they are trying to
bash Microsoft with are what prevented them from forming an economic
(instead of under-the-table political) coalition that could have made
Microsoft change its practices without resorting to non-free-market

@_date: 1998-09-30 20:26:17
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Lightly? You jest. No, we certainly don't live in a free market, we have
a mixed economy. We *should* have a free market, government distortions
are much more destructive and pervasive than any potential abuses by
market leaders. Also, the latter abuses are naturally corrected by
competition, not necessarily immediate but certainly faster than
government distortions which they blame on the market as an excuse for
*more* government distortions.
The answer for establishing "rules" which insure "fairness," such as
preventing an OS vendor from conspiring against a single application
vendor and intentionally breaking their product or enforcing artificial
incompatibilities, is to create a framework for standards, peer-review,
arbitration and liability to enforce "fair" industry practice and
competition. Make it a contractually issue and not a criminal one,
reputation for punishment instead of life and liberty, and an optional
and competitive system instead of a compelled and monopolistic one. An
optional system must have an overall and mutual benefit for all parties
involved, the government has no such limitation and becomes an
instrument for theft.
We have two paths for international commerce and regulation, we can
continue to the New World Order (NWO), or we can divorce the supporting
infrastructure from the geopolitical power base.

@_date: 1998-09-30 20:47:18
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: Internet is a dog named Toto 
"Keep thought: If the Internet were a dog, it might be named Toto. Like
that little yapper in the famous film whose bark had some bite, the
Internet is yanking back the curtains and exposing the powers that be
for what they are: big-mouthed, fast-talking "wizards" about to be run
out of town."
(from For some reason when I read this paragraph, it had an oddly strange
parallel meaning. ;)

@_date: 1998-10-01 01:52:35
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Correct me if I am wrong or if this has changed since they went
open-source, but AFAIK Mozilla's Windows and Unix codebases were
entirely independent and separately developed, so I'm not sure what
conclusions you can draw from that.
Again, let's leave the OS wars off this list. I've had NT machines up
for several months and down only for patches and upgrades.
But Netscape pissed me off so severely during the version 2.x plethora
of releases with their alpha-quality javascript that I've not used it
since, so I cannot comment on its current [in]stability.

@_date: 1998-10-01 02:32:45
@_author: Matthew James Gering 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
And you would be stupid to expose yourself to full liability.
Regulation includes much more than licensing and registration. Try
hiring a couple employees, paying freelance individuals, setup office
space, get yourself a company car and do your fed income taxes. Lightly
regulated my ass. If they enforced every word of every code strongly and
literally it would be nearly impossible to conduct business.
Bullshit, monopolies exist because of the regulation.
Bullshit again, there is a *big* difference between a regulated market
(mixed capitalist/socialist economy) and a command economy. So because
we don't live in Soviet Russia we should all bend over and take it?
Coercive power takes form via regulation. Without it a bad monopoly is a
short-lived one.
Liability, liability, liability. Regulation often promotes bad practice
as businesses comply with minimum regulation and nothing more instead of
thinking for themselves. What is worse is government often shields
companies from liability.
How do you prevent potential competition? Monopoly means both the
absence of existing and potential competition and alternatives.
A fluid capital market can finance even the largest of ventures if the
potential return is there. Different markets have different time
schedules, but competition can and will come.
Intellectual Property enforcement is an act of government, it is a force
monopoly, only just and reasonable IP laws limit it. Notice that, bad
laws = bad monopoly, good laws = balanced environment, no laws = no
monopoly. The last of which is not necessarily preferable in this case,
and is a fundamental difference in laissez-faire Vs anarchy.
You have an odd definition of fair. You cannot have fair for the benefit
of one at the expense of another.
With whomever is a part of the framework.
No, do not strip the person from the businesses. A group of people do
not lose any of the rights and liberty of a single individual, neither
do they gain any. Businesses are people.
Commerce is a fundamental right, in order to survive you must be able to
create and dispose of that creation. The lack of the *individual's*
right to freely and easily pursue any and all business pursuits to any
degree is an act of enslavement of the individual to corporate
aristocracy and bureaucratic whim.
