
@_date: 1998-12-10 08:14:42
@_author: mgraffam@idsi.net 
@_subject: A server for a crypto CD? 
Hello all .. Does anyone have a server with a CDROM drive?
I have a 500+ meg archive of crypto-related material (crypto, stego,
tempest, information theory, etc). Lots of software, applications,
and papers (100M or so). I'd be glad to burn out a CD, and send it to anyone who can put the
material online. It'll take time to get it ready: I need time to
strip out some stuff (non-redistributable Fortezza stuff .. its probably
a moot point, now that we have Skipjack, but why risk it for something
so dumb?). If you have the bandwidth, let me know.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at idsi.net)
They (who) seek to establish systems of government based on the
regimentation of all human beings by a handful of individual rulers..
call this a new order. It is not new, and it is not order."

@_date: 1998-12-23 13:28:11
@_author: mgraffam@idsi.net 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST' 
Some have turned it into an acronyms.
Originally it was just a code-word referring to emanations security. See Of interest:
"..the isle is full of noises, sounds and sweet airs that give delight and hurt not. Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments
will hum about mine ears, and sometimes voices.."
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at idsi.net)
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-11-20 03:21:34
@_author: mgraffam@idsi.net 
@_subject: your mail 
I for one am not a tremendous fan of copyright as applied to software
today. I support the theory .. as a programmer I can appreciate the
effort that goes into software development and I don't wish to see
such developers harmed by piracy. OTOH, the consumer has a vested interest in sampling software before he
pays for it. I wouldn't buy a car if I wasn't allowed to test drive it
first. If someone offered me a car that I could not test drive, and
that I could not return if it is defective, I certainly wouldn't buy
the thing. As a consumer it is a bad move, though it certainly helps
the car manufacturers (they can make a defective product with no worries).
A prime example of this is Win98 .. a friend of mine was running win95 happily and smoothly (well, as smooth as win95 gets). He upgraded to 98.
It crashed several times during the install procedure, and make his
win95 set up unusable in the process. He can't return his win98 upgrade and get his money back (due to
copyright), and he wasn't allowed to test it all out before spending
the cash. In a word, he is screwed.
We can't ignore the programmer's need to get paid and we can't ignore
the consumer's need to a fair shake.
We need to find a common ground.
Now, for small $40 word processors, a sampling system is probably not
worth the trouble. But for expensive or important packages (like OS's)
sampling the software first is a good thing. That is spam. Cypherpunks is an open list (any messages sent in are distributed freely). Why not find a nice free web-based email service with mail filtering?
Filter the porn out before you even get the mail forwarded to your,
or before you read it over the web or POP or whatever.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at idsi.net)
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-10-17 14:03:46
@_author: mgraffam@idsi.net 
@_subject: PGP utils? 
Is there a utility for Unix (or source available?) that reads a PGP
encrypted message and displays some information on it, like what
key ID the message was encrypted with, and what ciphers were used?
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at idsi.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
They (who) seek to establish systems of government based on the
regimentation of all human beings by a handful of individual rulers..
call this a new order. It is not new, and it is not order."

@_date: 1998-10-29 09:21:07
@_author: mgraffam@idsi.net 
@_subject: Using a password as a private key. 
That was my first objection too..
But the only thing stopping an attacker from running the same attack
on my PGP key is that they don't _have_ my PGP key.. a non-issue
for a dedicated attacker. My 1024 bit private key could be had fairly
easily, it would entail hacking my PC, or stealing.. whatever. Now
they run a password cracker.
In the case of the private key being generated from a passphrase, hacking
my PC, or stealing it, does them no good .. my private key isn't there ..
(ok, maybe it is.. data remanence is a pain in ass.. but you get the
point). Lastly .. I am not too familiar with elliptic curve crypto, but it seems
to me that running a cracker on a phrase, and then generating the private
key from it or trying signatures is going to be more CPU intensive than
doing a few blocks of IDEA or CAST, so it would seem to follow that this
scheme is stronger in preventing an intelligent search of the passphrase.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at idsi.net)
"..subordination of one sex to the other is wrong in itself, and now
one of the chief hindrances to human improvement.." John Stuart Mill
"The Subjection of Women"
