
@_date: 1998-04-24 05:35:11
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: corvette.bxa.doc.gov 
This morning I was going through my logs and I saw an anonymous ftp
connection to my machine, which ordinarily I wouldn't care about.. I
distribute my RSA keys from this machine.. but the connection was
from corvette.bxa.doc.gov, so I looked further FTP commands
issued and it looks like a bot. Several instances of "SIZE", even on directory names; it recursed into
the tree got some smaller files and that was it. So, I went sniffing. "		Bureau of Export Administration Home Page
   The Bureau of Export Administration enhances the nation's security and
   its economic prosperity by controlling exports for national security,
     foreign policy, and short supply reasons. We administer the Export
     Administration Act by developing export control policies, issuing
   export licenses, and prosecuting violators. "
A quick web search for corvette.bxa.doc.gov brought up several "web
statistics pages" .. it crawls all over the place. It seems as if it
targets technical sites. I just thought you guys might like to hear about it. If anyone needs
anymore info, or wants the sections from my logs just let me know.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..subordination of one sex to the other is wrong in itself, and now
one of the chief hindrances to human improvement.." John Stuart Mill
"The Subjection of Women"

@_date: 1998-08-05 18:23:29
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Noise source processing 
Hello all..
After a little bit of work I have put together a white noise source (hacked FM reciever, heavily shielded to reduce local EMR bias) and
have it jacked into a mic port on one of my machines. I would like
to develop of bit of code (oh, horror :) to take bits from the sound
card, and bits from /dev/random, and mix them together to get a
random number stream.
The noise coming off of the sound card is more beige than white though..
Does anyone know of any papers, articles or whatever on good techniques to
remove bias from the audio source? My initial thoughts are along the lines of just hashing everything, but
this will be slow, and I'd like to see what other ideas are out there.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-08-06 07:42:16
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Noise source processing 
Yeah, I ran Diehard on it .. and that is why I wanted to find some
references on removing bias.
This is a neat idea. I smiled when I read this in RFC1750
I haven't been able to find any for UNIX/X .. any recommendations
for Win31 (I'll try it with Wabi ;) software?
[source clipped]
:) Sweet. Thanks.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Two things fill the mind with ever new and increasing admiration and awe
the more often and steadily we reflect upon them: the starry heavens
above and the moral law within me. I do not seek or conjecture either of
them as if they were veiled obscurities or extravagances beyond the horizon
of my vision; I see them before me and connect them immediately with the
consciousness of my existence." - Immanuel Kant "Critique of Practical Reason"

@_date: 1998-08-06 11:55:15
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Noise source processing 
After I get the software end sorted out, I'm going to start stripping
the signal down and take look at some of this stuff too.. Yeah, that is pretty neat .. maybe I'll tear the shielding off of my
source and see what sort of results I get. Maybe the shielding I
put in place is unnecessary.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"If you die, you win.."

@_date: 1998-08-06 18:50:43
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Noise source processing 
RFC1750 attributes this to von Neumann.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
They (who) seek to establish systems of government based on the
regimentation of all human beings by a handful of individual rulers..
call this a new order. It is not new, and it is not order."

@_date: 1998-08-11 15:19:56
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
This is absurd. The internet would be insecure even with strong crypto.
Certainly, good crypto would plug up some holes but general internet
technology is full of cracks. All the crypto in the universe won't
stop a buffer overflow in your mail program, or 1000's of nested tags
from crashing your browser in a DoS. NSA has nothing to do with bad programming practicies. Crypto is not
the end-all-be-all in overall security. Encrypting your mail does you
little good if I can read the plaintext off of your hard drive. Crypto
is one piece of a secure system, and in some cases it may be the smallest
piece. I don't support export restrictions any more than anyone else who is
likely to be on cypherpunks .. but laying all the evils in the universe
at NSA's door is a wee bit irresponsible. Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..subordination of one sex to the other is wrong in itself, and now
one of the chief hindrances to human improvement.." John Stuart Mill
"The Subjection of Women"

@_date: 1998-08-11 17:15:47
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
I never said that the internet would be great without crypto. Crypto
is needed. As long as we are quoting percentages, "87% of statistics is
made up on the fly." Seriously, protecting the internet entails more than securing data
transmission, as you imply. Explain to me the difference between having a broken web browser that
is vunerable to a buffer overflow attack, and a broken browser that
implements snake-oil crypto?
In both cases we need better programs on the user's end. The ends of
the communication link define the communication itself. You can't
protect the middle without modifying the ends.
You're right about that.. and that is _exactly_ the problem. As I see
it, the primary function of the internet is to communicate, to exchange
information. As such, any security we talk about is going to be
information security. A secure information system not only keeps
unauthorized users out, but it must insure that authorized users can
get to the information when they need it. This means that DoS attacks
are part of our security concerns, just as much as crypto is in keeping
the transmission secret, and authorization is to keep unwanted people
out of the loop. I'm not exactly sure what 'cyberspace' is, anyhow.. so I'm just going
to ignore this. It sounds like you mean to tell me that the internet
is just a bunch of wires.. that the only security issues the internet
faces is in the area data transmission. This is false. Encryption prevents eavesdropping, yes. This is the only area that
NSA regulates. In reality, the internet faces other, more fundamental
problems as well. The idea of using crypto to fix a problem such a
TCP/IP hijacking is bizarre to me. This is not the optimal solution,
and everyone knows it. It _is_ however, the best practical solution.
Pure encryption is (ie, confidentiality) is not needed for this. A MAC
will suffice.
Internet security runs far deeper than confidentiality.
In my opinion commerce over the internet is insane. Period. Let me
say it again: commerce over the internet is insane. Even if Uncle
Sam let us use any crypto we like with any key size, it is still insane.
There are too many problems with the fundamental network structure.
Confidentiality doesn't help us here. Lets be factual: NSA doesn't regulate authentication technology and
most of what we need to fix these problems is secure authentication,
not confidentiality. You brought up email. We have secure email: PGP. So does the rest
of the world. Confidential email is available. Does NSA like it?
They certainly don't like the theory. They probably don't like us
using the algorithms. If, by "strong crypto" you mean any cryptographic technology used
for authentication, confidentiality, or otherwise then I must
agree with you. But no one regulates this.. they only regulate
a subset of this. It happens to be a subset that I like, but it
is not _the_ most vital thing needed for securing the internet.
It is not necessarily even the most important thing for e-commerce. This is irrelevent for me: I don't pay income tax. Even if I did,
I can't say whether or not I am getting my money's worth, because
I do not know what NSA is capable of. If NSA can factor 2048 bit
numbers easily or other such things, then yes.. I would say I am
getting my money's worth. Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..subordination of one sex to the other is wrong in itself, and now
one of the chief hindrances to human improvement.." John Stuart Mill
"The Subjection of Women"

@_date: 1998-08-11 20:53:16
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
The answer depends very much on what your goals are. I am aware of the allegations, yes. I would not be surprised if
they use this tactic. If I were in their position, and my job
were to at least try to read every message sent by every foreign
governments, especially those under crypto I suspect I would
try very hard to limit the amount of strong crypto that these
governments have. This may mean limiting the amount of crypto
that the citizens of the U.S. have. So be it then. The NSA
does not have the job of ensuring unbreakable kick-ass privacy
and crypto to the public. Their job is to read the Other Guy's
messages, and to make sure the Other Guy can't read Uncle Sam's
messages. We speculate that they do both reasonably well.
I am reminded of the cypherpunk's charter. We have to create
privacy for ourselves. We can't expect others to not get in
our way or to help us out. This is reality.
Then you have little to say to me. I do not see the wisdom in
running commerce over a shit-box communication system like our
internet is. The technology sucks. The protocols suck. The
implementation of those protocols suck even more.
This implies that it is not secure now, yes? Why the hell would you
run commerce over something that you know is fundamentally flawed?
It lacks wisdom.
Right. Whatever. So then I suspect that you support any jackass running
around with a duffel full of C4 then, right? After all .. its all
technology. Science is pure; technology is using science as a means to
an end. That end defines whether or not we are talking about a psycho
with a bunch of C4 or a responsible civil engineer preparing to take
down a building in a controlled fashion.
This is not to imply that crypto is like C4 .. it isn't .. however
we must remember that while the mathematics of crypto are pure, we
can use that basis for a variety of things. One of them is authentication
the other is confidentiality. The FBI has no problems with the engineering
having dynamite out on the street, but they will get really pissed if it
is some average Joe. The NSA doesn't care about American's using strong
crypto (presumably) and they don't care about foreigners using
authentication technology. This 'artificial distinction' is a very real one.. it is the difference
between a terrorist authenticating himself as a terrorist or keeping
the fact that he is a terrorist (and his next target) a secret. I am not claiming that I think misuse of crypto is a legitimate reason
to bottle it up, but one must be reasonable and look at it from NSA's
If the NSA is so far ahead of the general public in mathematics,
then yes.. considering that the NSA's job is to break crypto, we
should feel that we are getting our money's worth. Now, whether
or not we want to spend our money on that in the first place is
a different story. Selling me a champion racehorse for $1 is a
damn good deal, and it is worth the money.. but I don't have much
use for a horse.
Then don't pay taxes. It is a rather simple fix. I don't like big
government much myself, but I'll be damned if I am going to piss and
moan and claim that it is the root of our evils. It isn't .. rather,
our evils give birth to such monstrosities in the first place.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-08-12 04:10:28
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
Well.. like I said before, I would not doubt much that is attributed to
government agencies along these lines. I do not trust NSA to give me
privacy: not only is it not their job, one can be more or less assured
that such groups with the power to eavesdrop, will, even if it is a few
rogue individuals. This is why I create my own privacy; and if they can get past the crypto
that I use, then my hat goes off to them.
There is no love lost between my government and I, especially the likes
of certain groups, like CIA. I suspect that the spooks do more than sit on a wire and listen too.
But this has nothing to do with the fact that US citizens can _use_
whatever type of crypto we damn well feel like. NSA might not give us
the goods on what sort of crypto _they_ use, but hell, this is to be
expected! No sweet military technology is given up for public consumption
until it is more or less useless. why should we expect crypto to be any
different? This is paranoia, plain and simple. If this were true, I'd expect to
see some evidence. If they didn't want U.S. citizens to have decent
crypto, why be involved with DES at all? Why release Skipjack? Why
not lobby Congress (like they do so well) and kill AES? If they don't
want us to have decent crypto, why does the U.S. government give us
so much of it?! As far as I can tell you will either have to claim that the crypto they
give us is shit, which there is no evidence for, or you need to come up
with a way that giving us strong crypto lets them read our mail (in
the long-term maybe?). Either way, it is a good-ole fashion
self-reinforcing conspiracy theory. No thanks.
I'd be the first to admit that there are a bunch of bad apples in the
government.. sure.. but I can't see how we can reasonably claim some
far-reaching conspiracy to turn the U.S. into a police state.
This may very well be. Why do you think I have PGP installed? I'm not saying NSA is our friend, for Christ's sake.. there are
plenty of things about NSA policy that I dislike. There are probably
a whole shit-load of things that I don't know about that I would hate.
But none of this makes NSA look any different in my eyes than any other
group of bastards who have been given a bit of authority and have been
around for more than 10 minutes. So what else is new?
I'm merely saying that Forte Meade doesn't have a Room 101 is all .. NSA isn't the last bastion of evil, guys, they are a real pain in the
ass, sure... but if you ask my third-grade teacher, she would probably say the same thing about me.
I'd love to see NSA get disbanded, and while I'm at it, I figure it might
be nice to disband the whole damn Union too. But not only is that not
realistic, it is probably pretty damn dangerous given the boat load of
freaks and psychos we have running around in this country.
..now, if you'll excuse me, I have a boat to catch..
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-08-13 16:08:49
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: your mail 
Come now. Is there any reason to insult midgets by comparing them to
this guy? :)
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"If you die, you win.."

@_date: 1998-07-05 05:51:13
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: corvette/BXA 
For all those watching the watchers, BXA recently changed their
configuration. corvette.bxa.doc.gov is now known as jade.bxa.doc.gov.
The IP addresses are different, but look at the configuration.. looks
like they just swapped two machines:
$ ftp corvette.bxa.doc.gov
Connected to corvette.bxa.doc.gov.
220-Proxy first requires authentication
220 jade FTP proxy (Version 2.0) ready.
Name (corvette.bxa.doc.gov:anonymous):
$ ftp jade.bxa.doc.gov
Connected to jade.bxa.doc.gov.
220-Proxy first requires authentication
220 corvette.bxa.doc.gov FTP proxy (Version 3.2) ready.
Name (jade.bxa.doc.gov:anonymous):
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..the isle is full of noises, sounds and sweet airs that give delight and
hurt not. Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments will hum about mine
ears, and sometimes voices.." Caliban, Shakespeare's "The Tempest"

@_date: 1998-07-07 00:21:04
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Junger et al. 
Indeed.. what we need is for someone to testify to the court about
natural and computer language, and maybe some relevent material from
information theory. Pseudo-code from any computer programming textbook would be helpful
in making this point too.
What about English in a voice recognition system? In this case, English
can actually perform functions too, just as C does.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Immaturity is the inability to use one's own understanding without the
guidance of another. . .Sapere aude! Have the courage to use your own
understanding!" - Immanuel Kant "What is Enlightenment?"

@_date: 1998-07-08 02:43:42
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Junger et al. 
Maybe.. or we'll all be outlaws.. one of the two.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"86% of conspiracy theories have some basis in truth... but, oddly enough,
it's that last 14% that usually gets you killed."     --Talas (

@_date: 1998-07-09 14:31:00
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
I suspect one day someone will be saying something similar about the
I have a small TV and cable, which sits a few feet away from my computer.
If I could, I'd just fly around the country going to Mets and Yankees
games.. and of course during the "slow season" I can always go to football
games. TV is what you make of it. I suppose if a kid sits in a room by himself
and vegges out in front of it, it does more harm than good.. on the
other hand, when you're 15 years old and can't talk to your dad about
much because its just that time in life, I'd be willing to bet baseball
or sports is still neutral enough territory. I don't see much wrong
with crowding around the idiot box as a family or group, if it gives
people something to talk about. Politics and religion can be fun now and
then, but we all get weary of fighting the same battles. Sure, lots of TV is garbage.. but hell.. look around.. a whole lot of
the net is too. It isn't TV's fault, and it isn't the net.. the reason why so many things
suck is because we made them. More often than not, we're the garbage.
hmm.. I had hoped this message might be uplifting. Guess not.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
Be a munitions trafficker:  -sp0777i<X+d*lMLa^*lN%0]dsXx++lMlN/dsM0<j]dsj
$/=unpack('H*',$_);$_=`echo 16dio\U$k"SK$/SM$n\EsN0p[lN*1

@_date: 1998-07-20 12:17:07
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: 3DES weak because DES falls to brute-force? (was Re: John Gilmore...) 
Humrph .. your calculations came in just before I was gonna send mine out
.. bc is a nice utility, ain't it? :)
Well, I disagree here.. unless the "something other than 3DES" is an OTP,
of course. I don't see anything that looks better than DES, minus the
key-size issue. DES has had the fiercest analysis done on it for the
longest amount of time. If we are worried about a breakthrough in
the algorithmics, then it seems to me we ought to use DES based on the
fact that it has been analyzed longer, and has proved itself strong.
We've covered the new vs. old algorithm debate here recently, so I'll
shut up.. suffice it to say, I fall in line with the 'old' school.
I don't find it useful to worry about possible new general cryptanalytic
breakthroughs: it is basically impossible to defend against them. In
the face of an attacker who has infinite secret cryptanalytic ability (within the bounds of what can be done brute-force wise) only an OTP
would be useful, but we are talking long-term archival here.. I don't
see how an OTP helps us. If we have a secure vault to lock the pads up
in until either a) the heat death of the universe, or b) the Big Crunch
then we may as well just put the plaintext in there and be done with
it. As I see it, OTP are only workable in communications, and then
obviously in a limited manner.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward. It is not
desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.

@_date: 1998-07-27 09:29:27
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Fw: my thoughts for this list 
And the other guy said ..
GPG = GNU Privacy Guard.
GPG is a PGP work-a-like .. doesn't support RSA (yet) due to the patents,
but once they run out, GPG will use it. I think it uses Blowfish (and
CAST?) for the symmetric algorithms, and probably 3DES too. I dunno
about IDEA .. I have my doubts due to the patents. Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..the isle is full of noises, sounds and sweet airs that give delight and
hurt not. Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments will hum about mine
ears, and sometimes voices.." Caliban, Shakespeare's "The Tempest"

@_date: 1998-07-27 18:32:55
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: John Gilmore and the Great Internet Snake Drive 
No. Encrypting with DES, or any symmetric cipher
does not destroy the information, which is what is controlled.
Even losing the key does not destroy the information, as we all know:
keys can be recovered it is just a matter of the work involved.
Encrypting with an OTP is interesting at first .. but considering that
distributing a crypto archive or the completed works of Shakespeare
amount to the same thing after an OTP has been used, I am not convinced
it has much meaning.
The _spirit_ of the law is that no crypto device can be exported. Programs
are considered to be devices.. as is evidenced by the recent decision
in the Bernstein case.
We don't need encrypted archives floating around.. we need to show that,
like cars, crypto devices (programs or otherwise!) are useful even if
they can be used by bad people for bad purposes.
Abstract things like exporting a hunk of random crap and arguing about
it don't achieve this, and will never do so in the minds of laymen
with no real interest in crypto.
As for me, I prefer the position of my countryman, Henry David Thoreau ..
civil disobedience:
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
Be a munitions trafficker:  -sp0777i<X+d*lMLa^*lN%0]dsXx++lMlN/dsM0<j]dsj
$/=unpack('H*',$_);$_=`echo 16dio\U$k"SK$/SM$n\EsN0p[lN*1

@_date: 1998-07-27 19:54:56
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: John Gilmore and the Great Internet Snake Drive 
You're absolutably right. My bad.. I don't know what I was thinking.
I guess this shows my pessimissim and lack of trust in our establishment,
doesn't it :)
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
Be a munitions trafficker:  -sp0777i<X+d*lMLa^*lN%0]dsXx++lMlN/dsM0<j]dsj
$/=unpack('H*',$_);$_=`echo 16dio\U$k"SK$/SM$n\EsN0p[lN*1

@_date: 1998-06-25 12:14:55
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: CIA 4 Nags: Hackers Crypto Y2K Foreigners 
Easy. Make not using key recovery a crime with stiffer penalties than
any hack. If you can't get 'em on the hack, you get em on a crypto-related
charge. Scary stuff.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Immaturity is the inability to use one's own understanding without the
guidance of another. . .Sapere aude! Have the courage to use your own
understanding!" - Immanuel Kant "What is Enlightenment?"

@_date: 1998-03-07 01:41:05
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Crypto as contraband 
Hmm.. the wording of the bill uses the word "communication" .. I wonder
just what this is supposed to mean. Any ideas on what this means? Would
this be deliberate transmission of a signal, or would EMR monitoring
be covered by this too.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..subordination of one sex to the other is wrong in itself, and now
one of the chief hindrances to human improvement.." John Stuart Mill
"The Subjection of Women"

@_date: 1998-03-13 11:14:36
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Fortify 
That depends on how you are using the term 'good.' If the purpose of the
design is to make a programmer's life easy, then you may be right. On the other hand, if the software calls for a bit of security, like
ns does, then I would assume otherwise. Programmers who are serious about
making crippleware don't distribute the full executable with a simple
branch instruction (going to the cripple routine) to keep the user at bay:
they know that it is trivial to modify the code. I would assume that the programmer's at netscape understand this. If they were serious about
keeping people from using 128 bit crypto, they would have yanked it
completely. Now, I don't think that this was done out of benevolence, mind you.
Rather, I think that they are a bit more concerned with producing a
good browser and didn't take the time to design a weak-crypto version:
they took the easy way out.
Netscape wants to make money, and for this I support them. They aren't going to pay programmers to make a product like a weak-crypto browser
when it doesn't make them money. They get the minimum job done to bow to
ITAR, and they get to work on some new snazzy features for the next
They make Fortezza-based browsers too, would we call them the servants
of Big Brother? Hell no. They are neither freedom fighters nor henchmen
of a tyrant: they are businessmen.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Immaturity is the inability to use one's own understanding without the
guidance of another. . .Sapere aude! Have the courage to use your own
understanding!" - Immanuel Kant "What is Enlightenment?"

@_date: 1998-03-19 15:22:08
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: A little Paranoid, William? 
I've heard it said 'Paranoia is reality on a finer scale.'
I believe it.
If you think that signing messages is paranoia, you may be right.. I,
for one, _am_ paranoid. I know the practical attacks that can be made,
and I've seen them work and, and demonstrated how easy they are.
Worse, I've experienced them. Maybe you haven't .. and thats good.
I hope your good luck continues.
But when you stick your neck out for something, you make enemies .. and I
have my fair share of mine.. and I suspect that many here have their too
(.. and when I think about it, they're prolly the same guys.. )
If I had it my way, I'd have all email sent to me encrypted. Next to
nothing, I'll take signed messages any day.
My keys can be had off of my home page (my rsa 2048 and dh 4096 can be
had off of my hard drive if I am online, else use the 1024 bit RSA key
stored on my provider). PGP encrypted mail more than welcome.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward. It is not
desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.

@_date: 1998-03-19 15:29:59
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: UPSs 
Actually, I believe it was because what you said was too stupid to be
attacked.. no offense.
The thread was about TEMPEST-related EMR. .. and your quote in question
See.. now.. you're clearly talking about power protection.. but, you see
we _weren't_ talking about power outages, we were talking about
compromising emanations being sent through power lines.. and as far
as the UPS goes, whether or not a UPS would help such muffle such
Two completely different things. You may as well have said "Yeah, UPS is
great. They have good rates on ground shipping."
In which case the response of..
..might well be appropriate.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward. It is not
desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.

@_date: 1998-03-28 15:05:15
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Deniable Cryptography [was winnowing, chaffing etc] 
I've never really fully understood this assumption. It seems to me
that any person or group that would beat a person isn't going to
care much if Alice cooperated or not. All things considered, a group with enough power to grab Alice and
beat her probably has ways to escape punishment from the law, or
doesn't care about the law in the first place. In this case, I figure that their best option is to beat Alice everyday
forever or until she dies. Whichever comes first.
The longer they beat her, the better chance there is that she broke
down and gave them her most important secrets. Even if she can't prove
it.. so what? The rubber-hose group isn't exactly the boy scouts. They
beat her the next day too, this time a little harder.
Alice may hold up, she may not.. I don't really see the cryptosystem
helping here. You can't win a game when the other player doesn't use
your rules. You have to use the same set of rules. We know that
the rubber-hose wielding guys aren't going to play by Alice's rules.
So, the only way for Alice to win is to do the impossible (because this
is reality, not TV) and that is to grab the rubber hose and beat them
with it.
I don't think that any crypto can defend this sort of attack, because
it has nothing to do with crypto. Consider even a one-time pad. Alice
could calculate the needed pads that would turn her ciphertext into
other meaningful plaintext messages. So they beat her. She gives them
a pad.. and they beat her again. It won't end. They can never know
if they got the "right" pad. But it doesn't really matter, does it?
In my opinion deniable encryption is only valuable against a more or
less civil entity. Now, what might be useful is some sort of biometric info that is part
of the key material. Heart rate, brain wave patterns, maybe biochemical
information. As Alice gets beat the fluctuations in her body could make
it impossible for her to reveal the information. A sensitive enough
system might even stand up against stuff like intimidation and
nervousness.. a polygraph test can supposedly detect this.
If such a system were implemented, then this could render rubber-hose
cryptanalysis useless, or at least much harder to put into effect.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine.

@_date: 1998-03-28 17:21:17
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Deniable Cryptography [was winnowing, chaffing etc] 
She has a reason to tell them as much as she can. When she tells them a
key that yields meaningful data, they stop beating her for the day.
At some point she will give away all the keys that yield innocuous or
less important data. Then she will say "I dont have anything else."
Which the bad guys figure she is going to say at some point anyhow, and
they keep beating her no matter what, as we agree they will probably do.
At some point, she will give up that most important key just to escape
the day's beating, or to get the knife removed from her hand.. If the
attackers are smart, they would leave her alone for varying amounts of
time, so that at any point the key that she gives might buy her a month
or more of pain-free existence. Maybe more.
If I were a bad guy, I'd opt for letting her live well for a few years,
and then one day we start the beatings again, as often as possible (short
of killing her). At some point, she'll say "The only key that I have left
is the most important one. If I give it up, maybe I'll get another 2 years
of the good life."
She would know that I would never let her go, and she would know that
the beatings would continue for the rest of her life. It simply becomes
a matter of how much pain-free time she gives herself. If the attacker beat her every second of every day, no matter if she
gives a key or not, then you are right. I suspect everyone would keep
their mouth shut out of spite, if nothing else. But if the key she gives yields meaningful data, then the tables
change really quickly.
There is another point to realize, there is a point where you simply
stop acting reasonably because of the pain and suffering.. and once
reason is out the window, expecting Alice to hold on to the keys because
she is screwed either way is a gamble. Sure, the scheme works when we
are being reasonable, but when you get the side of your head smashed
it, reasonableness is one of the first things to leave you.
This is why I think that pursuing a biological form of authentication
could be so useful. It could potentially make beating the person prolong the time needed to get the information. If the bioauthentication
system could take biofeedback from feelings like intimidation or anxiety,
and use these to alter the resulting "key" output, then it would actually
behoove the attackers to give Alice a nice comfy bed and 3 squares a day.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine.

@_date: 1998-05-04 18:38:58
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: A new Swiss banking novel 
And spin the same propoganda wheel as the Man? Not me. I don't see crypto
gaining acceptance among the masses out of fear.
Look.. saying "Bad guys can use crypto to not get caught, and they can
use guns to kill people, so lets outlaw crypto and guns." Isn't an argument based on reason so much as it is fear. "Bad guys" strike fear
into the hearts of people, and they will do anything to protect
themselves, including shooting themselves in the foot. For every bad point that can be found for private ownership of firearms a postive
one can be found. The same goes for crypto. Guns can protect us from
criminals. Criminals can use guns to kill us. Crypto can protect us from
criminals. Criminals can use crypto to protect themselves. The list can
go on and on, and in the end it all will boil down to freedom on the
one hand, and some sick, distorted view of safety on the other.
Fear is more persuasive than rationality.
The people will gravitate to the side that suits them. Freedom is a damn
scary sight, so safety is embraced. If you want to save crypto (and guns
too, btw) talk about freedom and privacy first and crypto second.
It probably won't work though.. just like talking about freedom and
the right to self-defense didn't work with firearms.
As for me.. I don't give a damn how many laws are passed and what sort of
punishments are put into the books: I'll use crypto, get M^S mod N tatooed on my forehead, and still say whatever I like. And if "they" want
to talk over my position with me in Room 101, they can take the issue
up with the .45 that I'm not supposed to have.
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-05-04 20:55:31
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: A new Swiss banking novel 
I understand this view, but I don't see the worth in whitewashing things
for the public. We've been fed enough BS already.. defending crypto
with ready-made arguments that sound good and don't conjure up images
of firearms is no different to me than spinning a long tale about
Iraqi terrorists and drug dealers that conjure up fear to support the
ban on weapons.
I'd rather speak the truth, so far as I understand it, and let it conjure
up what it may.
I understand this. They've got us good. Those that would ban crypto would have the public believe that we are all a bunch of crazy, paranoid
math/computer geeks and that the FBI, NSA and their ilk can protect
the public from harm (and us?). That fear will always get fed upon.
That fear will be used to twist things all out of shape until they seem
to be a negative image of what is really there. This happens all the time.
If we are going to combat this stuff, it is going to have to be by
fighting that fear, and not throwing around horse-shit arguments like
big business and the government do. If we are going to ease the fear of _guns_, then responsible adults need
to start (or further) gun clubs. Larger clubs need to take part in civic
events to show the people by their actions that they aren't a bunch of
lunatics who shoot at everything that moves. Such clubs need to work with
civilian watch organizations and the police to train citizens to respect
firearms and to help get illegal weapons off the streets. Cypherpunks need to write code. We need to show people that strong crypto
isn't just some obscure technology used to lock away kiddie porn and
transmit super-spy doomsday messages. We need to get good, user friendly,
applications to do document signing, watermarking, email encryption, bulk
file encryption, and countless other tasks. These applications have to
be usable; they have to integrate in with the user's desktop and ordinary
applications (MS Word, Photoshop, etc) as well as possible. I think that we all know that the uses and benefits of strong crypto
far outweigh the drawbacks. The uses are there, today. If we could plug
strong crypto into the desktop; if the "Kick-ass-military-grade crypto ON"
button were a click away from "Save as.." and if all that were sitting
on John Q. User's naked Cindy Crawford desktop picture, then it would
become as friendly to them as any other feature MS Word, and soon enough
the very statement "Bad guys use crypto" begins to sound dumb because
the fear isn't there anymore.
Fundamentally fear is irrational. The best arguments in the world won't
speak to an irrational person. You have to ease those fears with actions.
Again.. cypherpunks write code.
Absolutably. I just don't think that they will get this by talking
about how crypto can be used in friendly day-to-day transactions.
Cheers! :)
But it can. Just like a beeper or a car can. Just like any sort of
technology can. This is the truth, and I'm not in the business of
When John Q. America tells me that drug dealers use guns, I'll agree
and point to the police officers (damn.. not real good example, but
you get the idea :)
When they quiver in their boots because of IDEA or CAST and tell me
that bad guy Y uses crypto to hide his world domination plans, I'll
agree, and then I'll point to the U.S. defense messaging system.
I'm sure you are right.. but defending them like that is the _truth_
any technology _can_ be used for good or evil.. we have to stop the
people, not the technology. Even though your method may work a little
more efficiently, it tries to cover over the truth; to hide it.
I can't do that. Covering up the truth is a step away from denying it..
an easy step to make going down, but it is one hell of a hard climb
coming back up.
I'll take my chances with C, and maybe some Perl if I'm lucky. If things
really get hairy, I can always resort to the tatoo and the .45
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-05-05 01:00:14
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Explaining crypto to people (was Re: A new Swiss banking novel) 
Agreed. The analogy is not the truth, however, it is true firearms,
beepers, cars and another other technology can be used for good or evil.
To treat crypto differently than these other technologies merely because
we have an interest in it is less than desirable. What I advocate is to present the view that the technology in all forms
be advanced, and where appropriate disclosed. Undisclosed BS crypto
algorithms have hurt us for to long. Bad design in the telephone system
has done the same. I advocate full disclosure and advancement. When
those who are scared of these things try to leverage fear against it
by saying that undesirable can/will use it, I will not deny this, because
it is true. Having said that, I don't really think it is necessary to go around
saying "Crypto is like a bomb" either. Crypto _can_ be used as a defensive
or an offensive weapon, however the same technology can be used for
authentication and digital cash and loads of other neat stuff. I'll
preach about all of them, especially those that I personally have an
interest in.. authentication, digital cash and secure email. There is a reason that militaries have long used spears and crypto.
I do not mean this statement to conjure fear, but it is true that
crypt can be used as a weapon; it is, after all classified as a
munition, and for good reason when looking for the government's POV.
Certain analogies are useful in certain instances. When useful to
make the analogy to firearms, it _can_ be an excellent one.. so can
a lock. Last time I checked though, padlocks aren't a hot topic for debate as
to their being banned. Crypto, in certain aspects, is.
Right. But I don't trust words to get it done. Most people will believe
what they are told. And I can't scream as loud as the machine.
Exactly. Which is _precisely_ the reason why outlawing things on the
basis that criminals can use them is insane.
No, I dont offer it up because it is irrelevent.. as you say, the same
is true for a breadbox. But if asked point-blank if some technology
can be used for crime Y, I'll admit it if it is true, and then I'll
show the foolishness of this line of thought.. and I'd make that point
that if we take this line of thought to its conclusion we must get
rid of everything larger than a breadbox.
And, after all that, if we are talking about controversial technologies,
individual freedoms and the like, I may just bring up firearms because
it is a technology that is in the same boat as crypto. A munition that
is getting a whole lot of attention.
Are you suggesting that I should defend and argument, when looked at
logically is false?
Yes, it is a true statement.. and so is "crypto can be used by nice old
grandma's to exchange email with the grandkids in NY." Do I approve of
the gov't saying X? Only if they also say it's compliment (which is
equally true) else they are misrepresenting what is true by being
biased. One can take many true statements and present them in a way to
make things seem to be what they are not.
See, I don't think that the analogy to weaponry is all that far off.
The exact same software that could let me sign my documents or
order neat stuff over the web can use the exact same algorithms
for transmitting designs for bombs.
Lets face it. Weaponry _is_ a double-edged sword.. so is crypto.
If we say that we want to bring every criminal to justice in the
most efficient way with no regard to anything else, then we should
get rid of crypto.. its as simple as that.. thats pretty obvious.
However, it is also true that weaponry has a good side.. it can
protect us against those criminals that we don't bring to justice.
Crypto has even bigger advantages.. it is _the_ technology that
can fuel completely new ways of commerce and communication..
and it can protect us from the bad guys too.. and, statistically,
a whole helluvalot better than guns can at that.
I don't think that we should make crypto out to be different from
guns in that they are completely different, because there are a lot
of similarities .. how they have been used historically, some of the
pros and cons, etc. This is a very real concern. Let me ask you. If you were held hostage, which would you rather have
your captor's exchange of information encrypted with, IDEA or an
aristocrat? What would you rather have the criminals run around with,
guns or clubs? The answers are simple, if all we value is our safety.. but this is
what I have tried to convey.. for both of these technologies, crypto and
weaponry.. the reasons for having them around far surpass our concerns
for safety from bad guys. I think that weaponry and crypto are related. They both have direct
military uses, and they both have direct civilian uses. Both are
controversial. I think that the analogy between them can be a good
one, in some circumstances. Right now, I think that crypto is in a position similar to where firearms
were (minus the hostile environment) during times of exploration in days
past. It stands as a technology that is capable of serving us in a
variety of powerful ways during a time where its application is
vitally important. Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Let your life be a counter-friction to stop the machine."

@_date: 1998-05-09 13:15:12
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: corvette.bxa.doc.gov followup 
This message describes a computer on the Internet, one
corvette.bxa.doc.gov (192.239.70.124) (hereafter corvette). This computer
is owned by the Bureau of Export Administration (hereafter BXA), which
itself is a branch of the Dept. of Commerce.
Here I am exploring the idea that corvette runs a bot that scans the
internet for materials regarding crypto export violation, and I
will raise a few questions in regards to this.
- From the BXA web page (
   The Bureau of Export Administration enhances the nation's security and
   its economic prosperity by controlling exports for national security,
   foreign policy, and short supply reasons. We administer the Export
   Administration Act by developing export control policies, issuing
   export licenses, and prosecuting violators. Additionally, BXA enforces
   the EAA's antiboycott provisions.    A traceroute (timings excluded) from my computer system (a SLIP/PPP dialup
to MhvNet, located in Poughkeepsie NY) to corvette yields:  1  annex1 (199.0.0.10)
 2  router.mhv.net (199.0.0.1)
 3  sl-gw8-pen-3-4-T1.sprintlink.net (144.228.160.41)
 4  sl-bb1-pen-9-0-0.sprintlink.net (144.228.60.11)
 5  144.228.180.10 (144.228.180.10)
 6  nyc4-br2.bbnplanet.net (4.0.2.178)
 7  nyc4-nbr2.bbnplanet.net (4.0.5.29)
 8  vienna1-nbr2.bbnplanet.net (4.0.3.129)
 9  vienna1-nbr3.bbnplanet.net (4.0.5.46)
10  washdc1-br1.bbnplanet.net (4.0.1.89)
11  washdc1-cr1.bbnplanet.net (4.0.1.174)
12  docosesa.bbnplanet.net (192.221.253.3)
13  corvette.bxa.doc.gov (192.239.70.124)
It is especially useful to notice hops 10 and 11. The names of these two
hosts seem to indicate that the hops have tended towards Washington DC.
BBNPlanet is located in Washington, so it is probable that corvette
is too (though this is not necessarily true). On April 22nd 1998, an anonymous connection was made from corvette to my
personal computer, ismene. This connection is only possible through my
main web page which is located on spice.mhv.net, which then links to
my computer. This mechanism is needed because ismene gets a dynamic IP.
Spice's logs show: corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [22/Apr/1998:14:05:49 -0400] "GET /~mgraffam corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [22/Apr/1998:14:05:50 -0400] "GET /~mgraffam/
corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [22/Apr/1998:14:06:16 -0400] "GET
The connector from corvette directly targeted my homepage, and then
immediately went to the page that accesses ismene. The connector bypassed
a page about crypto titled "Cryptotechnic Enlightenment". It is, perhaps,
this odd combination of words that escaped a bot's notice, but would have
surely been noticed by human. Instead the alleged bot picked up on
"access.html" and left links to my RSA and PGP public keys untouched. If
corvette is running a bot, it seems probable that they would ignore PGP
keys because they surely generate a large amount of noise when
exploring things of a cryptographic nature. This may account for the
behavior. The access.html on spice has links to my computer. HTTP, FTP and telnet
links are established, and direct links are made to copies of my public
keys. The first three links to my keys via FTP are bypassed, and a connection is made via HTTP to my computer (ismene). The portions from
ismene's httpd log follow:
corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [22/Apr/1998:13:58:51 -0400] "GET / HTTP/1.0" 200 1858
corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [22/Apr/1998:13:59:48 -0400] "GET /crypto_index.zip
Corvette picks up the crypto_index.zip file, and leaves links titled
"Index of unfinished works" and "Misc. projects". That corvette picked
up the crypto_index.zip file establishes that it is looking for crypto
related material. Why did it pass up the "Cryptotechnic Enlightenment"
page then? I submit that it is because the word "cryptotechnic" did not
trip the bot's sensor but the word "crypto" in the link title to
crypto_index.zip did. I also believe that a human would have followed the
"unfinished works" or "misc projects" links after getting a crypto
index file. A human would be intelligent enough to intuit the connection;
a spider is not.
At this point, I imagine the bot reaching the end of ismene's main page,
having picked up the file it thought was useful and returning back to
the access.html file on spice and traversing to the next link.
In this case, it is an ftp connection to my machine. A portion of my logs:
Apr 22 14:00:13 localhost opieftpd[1509]: connect from Apr 22 14:00:14 localhost ftpd[1509]: connection from corvette.bxa.doc.gov
Apr 22 14:00:15 localhost ftpd[1509]: Anonymous FTP connection made from
Apr 22 14:00:16 localhost ftpd[1509]: ANONYMOUS FTP login from
After logging in corvette issues the following commands:
Apr 22 14:00:22 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 200 Type set to I.
Apr 22 14:00:23 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: SIZE /^M Apr 22 14:00:23 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 550 /: not a plain file.
Apr 22 14:00:25 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: CWD /^M Apr 22 14:00:25 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 250 CWD command successful.
Apr 22 14:00:28 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: LIST^M Apr 22 14:00:29 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 150 Opening BINARY mode data
Apr 22 14:00:29 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 226 Transfer complete.
Apr 22 14:00:35 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: PORT 192,239,70,124,7,228^M Apr 22 14:00:35 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 200 PORT command successful.
Apr 22 14:00:36 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: SIZE /pub/^M Apr 22 14:00:36 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 550 /pub/: not a plain file.
Apr 22 14:00:39 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: CWD /pub/^M Apr 22 14:00:39 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 250 CWD command successful.
Apr 22 14:00:40 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: LIST^M Apr 22 14:00:40 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 150 Opening BINARY mode data
Apr 22 14:00:40 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 226 Transfer complete.
Apr 22 14:00:47 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: PORT 192,239,70,124,7,235^M Apr 22 14:00:47 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 200 PORT command successful.
Apr 22 14:00:48 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: SIZE /pub/skey/^M Apr 22 14:00:48 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 550 /pub/skey/: not a plain file.
Apr 22 14:00:50 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: CWD /pub/skey/^M Apr 22 14:00:50 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 250 CWD command successful.
Apr 22 14:00:51 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: LIST^M Apr 22 14:00:51 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 150 Opening BINARY mode data
Apr 22 14:00:51 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 226 Transfer complete.
Apr 22 14:01:08 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: PORT 192,239,70,124,8,1^M Apr 22 14:01:08 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 200 PORT command successful.
Apr 22 14:01:08 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: SIZE /pub/skey/README^M Apr 22 14:01:08 localhost ftpd[1509]: <--- 213 1149
Apr 22 14:01:09 localhost ftpd[1509]: command: RETR /pub/skey/README^M This series of commands ignores a directory called "keys" at root level,
which is consistent with ignoring PGP keys above, and cd's to pub/skey.
It then retrieves the README file (which is just a copy of NRL's readme)
and leaves. The connection style itself (of SIZE'ing directory names)
is odd, but this can be recreated with older versions of Netscape
Navigator. I will assume that these connections are really from Netscape, and _not_
from a bot disguising itself as NS Navigator. Greg Broiles (gbroiles at netbox.com) forwarded portions of his logs on
parrhesia to me:
corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [20/Mar/1998:10:18:07 -0800] "GET /wassenaar/
HTTP/1.0" 200 2253
assenaar+countries" "Mozilla/2.0 (compatible; MSIE 3.02; Windows 3.1)"
corvette.bxa.doc.gov - - [20/Mar/1998:10:18:46 -0800] "GET /wassenaar/
HTTP/1.0" 200 2253 "-" "Mozilla/2.0 (compatible; MSIE 3.02; Windows 3.1)"
These shows connections from MSIE, can anyone confirm that MSIE makes
FTP requests in the same manner as NS? Here I raise two questions that I would like to discuss, in private email
if needed because it is off-topic. First, could Navigator be made to
crawl the web? Could it be programmed via OLE, or Java? If it could, then
it could easily be used as the protocol frontend to a spider that could
easily crawl http, ftp, gopher, and news references looking for crypto
export violations.
If programming Navigator would entail pushing keystrokes into the keyboard
buffer and simulating mouse events, I do not believe it would be used as
tying up a machine's console in this manner would be vastly inefficient
and it would be better justified to pay a programmer to develop the
software to do it without NS.
Now I would like to focus on a different aspect of my logs: the
identification of a firewall-users at 192.239.70.124. It seems as if
corvette is a proxy server for other machines.
A port probe of corvette yields the following services:
corvette.bxa.doc.gov           ftp                 21/tcp corvette.bxa.doc.gov           smtp                25/tcp mail
corvette.bxa.doc.gov           whois               43/tcp nicname
corvette.bxa.doc.gov           gopher              70/tcp
corvette.bxa.doc.gov           finger              79/tcp corvette.bxa.doc.gov           www                 80/tcp http
ismene:~$ finger         Finger from your system is not permitted through the firewall.
ismene:~$ ftp corvette.bxa.doc.gov
Connected to corvette.bxa.doc.gov.
220-Proxy first requires authentication
220 corvette.bxa.doc.gov FTP proxy (Version 3.2) ready.
- From these two connections, we can see that corvette is indeed a
firewalling proxy. Because of this, we cannot be sure if all connections
out of corvette belong to the possible spider.
An altavista search for corvette.bxa.doc.gov turns up the web statistics
logs of several servers, including military and foreign servers. Such a bot may crawl foreign servers looking for links or files from the
U.S., and it may crawl military sites to see to it that regulated
materials are not being exported (like the pgp fiasco). On the other hand,
this is mere speculation, it is equally likely that humans at BXA are
putzing around the net, looking at different sites.
This latter fact can be established (or we must admit to an incredibly
wide reaching bot that is not limited to crypto) because spice.mhv.net
has logged connections from corvette to which is the main page for a health/fitness related hierarchy. It is
apparently a popular site for that material and is linked to frequently
by other sites. It is possible that a bot crawled around this way, but
unlikely since from the evidence on my machine the bot (if it is one)
is fairly discriminating about the links it follows.
Humans use the corvette proxy.
It is hard to tell which links drew corvette's attention from those sites
that were hit up. Here is an attempt at a classification of sites that
get connections from corvette:
* Physics:
  nsi.net.kiae.su, a nuclear safety institute, keeps a log specifically of
  U.S. government computers that have connected to them. Corvette made 65
  requests to nsi.net.kiae.su.   University of Crete Physics Dept. ( 21 times.
* Other Science and Technology:
  The Bioscan project at genome.cs.unc.edu was hit twice.
  The BCD (Biological Computing Division) of the Weizmann Institute in
  Israel was hit 9 times.
  CSIRO Minerals,  was hit 1.
  The Texas Agricultural Extension Service was hit twice.
* Political:
   the Canadian Treasury Board was hit once. * Military:
  The U.S. Army's Signal Corps was hit 13 times.
Several universities were hit as well, presumably because of a student
pages. Other miscellaneous sites that were hit include a martial arts
page, a personal interests page and a porn page. The urls for the pages in question are included below.
If this sample of sites is representative of the connections made by corvette, then physics sites make up the bulk of those connections.
No verifiable connections were made to crypto related sites other than my
own. I do not know why the connections were made to the universities,
I figure that it is because of student interests.
Given the nature of BXA's mission, and the sort of material that I make
available on my homepage on spice I still find it strange that the "Cryptotechnic Enlightenment" page was passed by. This is underscored
by the fact that the "Misc." and "Unfinished" links were passed up,
even when corvette is obviously looking for crypto stuff (by getting
However, there is a general lack of relevent connections made to crypto
related sites by corvette on the internet as a whole. If corvette is
proxying a bot, I think that the bot may be targeted at individuals and is not a wide-spread intelligence gathering device. I would be interested in hearing if corvette has made connections to
crypto oriented sites. If those that run sites with crypto material could
post any connections they have had from corvette, I would appreciate it. Michael Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)

@_date: 1998-05-10 13:57:32
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: corvette.bxa.doc.gov followup 
I would not doubt it. If I were BXA, and I wanted to keep tabs on crypto, I'd have an eye on cypherpunks. Does anyone know the infinity.nus.sg admins? Any chance of getting a
confirmation that corvette has hit them up?
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Two things fill the mind with ever new and increasing admiration and awe
the more often and steadily we reflect upon them: the starry heavens
above and the moral law within me. I do not seek or conjecture either of
them as if they were veiled obscurities or extravagances beyond the horizon
of my vision; I see them before me and connect them immediately with the
consciousness of my existence." - Immanuel Kant "Critique of Practical Reason"

@_date: 1998-05-13 15:20:41
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: Email Bot 
Uhm.. this service used to exist.. I dont know what the email addy
was though :( Another solution is to find a school that has a publicly usable lynx
account. Lynx is a text-based browser for Unix, and is fully usable
from a telnet session. Lynx is a nice browser. I use it all the time
on my local machine in an xterm. Yeah, I could fire up netscape ..
but lynx is better. :)
Try telneting to:
sailor.lib.md.us       login: guest
trfn.clpgh.org         login: trfn bob.bob.bofh.org       login: supply your email address
public.sunsite.unc.edu login: lynx
lynx.cc.ukans.edu      login: lynx
Be nice to these machines. Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"..the isle is full of noises, sounds and sweet airs that give delight and
hurt not. Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments will hum about mine
ears, and sometimes voices.." Caliban, Shakespeare's "The Tempest"

@_date: 1998-09-04 18:56:23
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: setting up a remailer service 
He mentioned in the original message that he wanted to run a service like
anon.penet.fi .. penet set up an anonymous box, that is .. you can remail a letter through
penet and it would assign a unique anonymous addy for you, and then
replies and email to that anonymous addy would get forwarded to you.
This would require disk space. Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Immaturity is the inability to use one's own understanding without the
guidance of another. . .Sapere aude! Have the courage to use your own
understanding!" - Immanuel Kant "What is Enlightenment?"

@_date: 1998-09-17 16:50:44
@_author: mgraffam@mhv.net 
@_subject: your mail 
Note the word coded.
I don't think that the documents were encrypted; I think that, perhaps,
they were just done in a code language.
If they were actually using a cipher system, you do have to wonder what it
was. Damn.. are cypherpunks the only people in the universe smart enough to use
Michael J. Graffam (mgraffam at mhv.net)
 -- Philosophy, Religion, Computers, Crypto, etc
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary  safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Ben Franklin, ~1784
