
@_date: 2012-12-14 08:56:29
@_author: mheyman@gmail.com 
@_subject: [cryptography] London Hum Used to Timestamp Recordings 
"It appears that the Metropolitan Police in London have been recording the
    frequency of the mains supply for the past 7 years. With this,
they claim to
    be able to pick up the hum from any digital recording and tell when the
    recording was made. From the article: 'Comparing the unique pattern of the
    frequencies on an audio recording with a database that has been logging
    these changes for 24 hours a day, 365 days a year provides a digital
    watermark: a date and time stamp on the recording.'"
I hope they kept that recording secret. Anybody can start recording
now and then backdate things like recorded verbal agreements.
-Michael Heyman
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-03-29 17:48:06
@_author: mheyman@gmail.com 
@_subject: [cryptography] Key escrow 2012 
Hmm - these are not mutually exclusive.
Back in the mid to late 90s, the last time the U.S. government
required key escrow for international commerce with larger key sizes,
they allowed key escrow systems that were controlled completely by the
company. Specifically, they allowed Trusted Information System's
RecoverKey product (I worked on this one, still have the shirt, and am
not aware of any other similar products available at the time - PGP's
came later and was more onerous to use).
RecoverKey simply wrapped a session key in a corporate public key
appended to the same session key wrapped with the user's public key.
If the U.S. Government wanted access to the data, the only thing they
got was the session key after supplying the key blob and a warrant to
the corporation in question. The U.S. government even allowed us to
sell RecoverKey internationally to corporations that kept their
RecoverKey data recovery centers offshore but agreed to keep them in a
friendly country.
-Michael Heyman
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net
