
@_date: 1996-05-20 08:50:03
@_author: middle-man-admin@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: Instant Remailers 
individual to run a remailer anonymously. The idea is to set up the
primary address of the remailer as a nym. That was easy. I've almost
finished the modifications to Mixmaster to allow it to call Raph Levien's
premail package. I've set it up to cause all outgoing mail to chain
through 2 more random remailers before the message is delivered to the
destination. This effectively allows me to operate as a "hidden
remailer-in-the-middle". I'll provide more details when I finish the code
and it's been thoroughly tested.

@_date: 1996-05-20 17:25:02
@_author: middle-man-admin@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: New Remailer (hidden) 
called a "hidden remailer-in-the-middle". The address is
middle-man at alpha.c2.org. This new type of remailer uses a combination
of Lance Cottrell's Mixmaster remailer and Raph Levien's premail
*	The remailer is completely hidden. Attempting to discover the
actual identity of the remailer site is virtually impossible.
*	The remailer uses both Type-I and Type-II remailer technology
for handling remailer traffic.
*	Random remailer chains are selected separately for every
outgoing message.
*	The remailer is designed to answer to a chained nym.
*	All Mixmaster administrative commands are also chained through
multiple remailers. (i.e. remailer-help, remailer-key)
How it works:
nym. The plan is for the reply-block for middle-man to change
approximately every 48-72 hours. This will be transparent to the net
but will help to foil traffic analysis. The new remailer operates
under a modified Mixmaster. The code has been modified so that
outgoing messages are passed to premail to allow padding of extra
remailer chains. Each outgoing message will have two type-I remailers
randomly padded to the end of the chain based on the current status od
Raph Levien's remailer reliability list.
please contact middle-man-admin at alpha.c2.org.

@_date: 1996-05-22 23:55:01
@_author: middle-man-admin@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: The Twilight of the Remailers? 
that there be bastion remailers on the end of the chain. Without them, the
"middle-man" concept won't work. I thank the remailer sites the allow the
middle-man to work.
retirement and those that are silently considering retirement, I would
like to announce that the middle-man remailer should be available for
download as early as this weekend. Utopia.hacktic.nl (basement) and c2.org
have agreed to carry the middle-man remailer on their FTP sites. As soon
as I can get the documentation finished, I'll post it.
