
@_date: 2007-04-17 19:44:08
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: Voting Machines Vulnerable to "Serious" Vote-Flipping Attack 
MiniFunPeople........................................ISSN 1098-7649
Forwarded-by: "Peter Langston" [When does "clearinghouse" start to smell like "outhouse"?  Read on... -psl]
  Voting Machines Vulnerable to "Serious" Vote-Flipping Attack
  By Michael Richardson and Brad Friedman
  Bradblog
  Monday 16 April 2007
    Scientific report finds "serious security vulnerability" similar to
    "Princeton Diebold virus hack" in widely used iVotronic system,
    allowing a single person to change election results across entire
    county without detection. Despite GAO confirmed mandate to serve as
    info "clearinghouse," embattled EAC says they will take no action
    to alert elections officials, public.
(Photo:     While revelations surrounding the mysterious 18,000 "undervotes" in the November 2006 U.S. House election between Christine Jennings and Vern Buchanan in Florida's 13th Congressional district continue to inform the nation about the dangers of electronic voting machines, new information has recently come to light exposing a shocking lack of responsible oversight by those entrusted with overseeing the certification of electronic voting systems at the federal level.
    An investigation into what may have gone wrong in that election has revealed a serious security vulnerability on some, and possibly all, versions of the iVotronic touch-screen voting system widely used across the country. The iVotronic is a Direct Recording Electronic (DRE) touch-screen voting machine manufactured by Elections Systems & Software, Inc. (ES&S), the nation's largest distributor of such systems.
    The vulnerability is said to allow for a single malicious user to introduce a virus into the system which "could potentially steal all the votes in that county, without being detected," according to a noted computer scientist and voting system expert who has reviewed the findings.
    And yet, despite their federal mandate to serve as a "clearinghouse" to the nation for such information, a series of email exchanges between an Election Integrity advocate and officials at the U.S. Elections Assistance Commission (EAC) has revealed that the federal oversight body is refusing to notify states of the alarming security issue.
    The recent email conversation shows that even in light of the EAC's review of the warning from the computer scientist who characterized the "security hole" as severe, needing to be "taken very seriously," and among the most serious ever discovered in a voting system, the EAC is unwilling to take action.
    Recent reports by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) have taken the EAC to task for a failure to meet their legislated mandate for informing the public and elections officials about such matters. However, a review of the email communications to and from the EAC's Jeannie Layson shows that the federal body is steadfast in their refusal to take action to alert either elections officials or the public about the security risk recently discovered by a team of eight noted computer scientists.
    The EAC's current Chairwoman, Executive Director, Director of Voting System Certification, and other top officials at both the National Association of State Election Directors (NASED), and even the GAO, were included in the series of email communications, The BRAD BLOG has learned.
    The vulnerability was initially discovered by a panel of scientists convened by the State of Florida to study the possible causes for the FL-13 election debacle. The team's discovery revealed that a design issue in the widely used iVotronic system could allow for a viral attack, by a single individual, which could then spread unnoticed throughout the electronic election infrastructure of an entire county.
    A similar vulnerability was found in DRE touch-screen system made by Diebold last Summer by a team of computer scientists at Princeton University.
    Attempts to seek information about EAC plans to notify other states and local jurisdictions that use the same vulnerable voting systems as the one in FL-13 have been met with an astounding refusal, troubling denial, buck-passing, and a lack of accountability by the federal commission of Presidential-appointees. The agency has also come under fire in recent weeks for a number of questionably partisan decisions and other failures to perform as mandated by the Help America Vote Act (HAVA) of 2002.
    Of late, the EAC has been forced to respond to a great deal of controversy, on a number of different operational matters and policies, as revealed by a series of articles on this site and in mainstream outlets such as the New York Times and USA Today. Several of those matters have drawn Congressional notice, questioning of EAC officials, and letters of inquiry. Thus, this latest revelation is likely to add to the rising concern of Congress members as new federal legislation introduced by Rep. Rush Holt (D-NJ), currently facing mark-up by a Congressional committee, would permanently fund the now-embattled EAC. Funding for the agency was originally mandated by HAVA only through 2005.
    The new ES&S iVotronic vulnerability first emerged on February 23, 2007, when the Florida Dept. of State released a report detailing their findings from the investigation into what happened in Sarasota's still-contested Jennings/Buchanan race. That election was ultimately decided by just 369 votes. The state's official findings included a report [PDF] [2] conducted by an eight-member computer science and technology team under the auspices of Florida State University (FSU). The report sought, unsuccessfully, to determine the cause of the unexplained "undervotes" reported by the iVotronic touch-screen voting systems used in Sarasota's portion of the FL-13 race on Election Day and in early voting.
    Although the reason thousands of votes turned up missing from those systems remained unknown, the study team did discover a serious security flaw in the iVotronic system that is used in Sarasota and many other jurisdictions across the country (and even the world, as France is set to use the same systems in their upcoming Presidential Election.)
    Election integrity watchdog John Gideon, a frequent BRAD BLOG     contributer and the Co-Director and Information Manager for VotersUnite.org, says that the security flaw may pertain to "every ES&S iVotronic voting machine used in the US and overseas." A total of eight separate versions of the system - without and without so-called "voter verified paper audit trail" (VVPAT)" printers - are currently approved as qualified at the federal level, he explained. Three of those are definitely affected and it is likely that the others are as well.
    The details, the dangers, and the denials are all described below...
    *"It Needs to Be Taken Very Seriously"...*
    As detailed by information in the FSU report, the ES&S iVotronic is vulnerable to a very dangerous attack by a single person which could result in an election, across an entire county, being flipped without notice.
    One computer scientist who has closely reviewed the team's findings warned via email, "The FSU report revealed a serious security vulnerability in the iVotronic: it is vulnerable to viruses that could be introduced by a single outsider and that could spread throughout a county. This means that a single outsider in a county that uses the iVotronic Firmware version 8 could potentially steal all the votes in that county, without being detected."
    "In my opinion," the scientist warned, "the severity of this security hole is roughly comparable to that of the Hursti II / Princeton virus-which is to say it needs to be taken very seriously." Though the scientist asked not to be identified publicly, his warning was shared with the EAC and is now posted online in full at VotersUnite.org.
    Both the so-called "Hursti II" report and the Princeton discovery, as first reported by The BRAD BLOG, rocked the nation's voting system manufacturers and election officials alike when they revealed extraordinary vulnerabilities in touch-screen electronic voting systems made by Diebold, Inc., last year during, and just prior to, the nation's primary election     "This is further evidence that it's not just one vendor who has serious security problems; it's a second instance [of] this sort of virus vulnerability," the scientist writes.
    "Don't let anyone tell you that if we just 'kick Diebold off the island' all of the security problems will go away."
    The scientific warning includes detailed steps on how to mitigate the problem for several different versions of the ES&S iVotronic, all of which are vulnerable to the attack.
    Gideon took the warning to heart and forwarded it to the EAC with a request that the important e-voting security issue be shared with other states under the EAC's "clearinghouse" mandate. But the EAC has refused.
    The Help America Vote Act (HAVA) requires the EAC to act as a national "clearinghouse" for election administration and voting system information. As stated on the EAC website:
    Despite their mandate, and admission of same, EAC spokeswoman Jeannie Layson replied to Gideon that the iVotronic was qualified by the National Association of State Election Directors [9] (NASED) and thus was not the responsibility of the EAC. NASED was the body which oversaw federal testing of systems until the EAC took over the process fully earlier this year.
    *Not the EAC's Problem...*
    In the EAC's refusal to take accountability for warning states of the newly discovered danger, along with the buck passing over to NASED, Layson failed to recognize that current EAC Executive Director Tom Wilkey [10] was the chair of the NASED committee at the time they federally qualified several of the virus-prone ES&S voting machines.
    Nonetheless, whoever gave federal qualification to the system in the past, it is now clearly the responsibility of the EAC to inform states about the issue now that it has become known, Gideon argues, echoing the sentiments of the GAO in two different reports.
    Dumbfounded at the EAC response, Gideon wrote back expressing his dismay to Layson:
    Layson responded that the "clearinghouse" only applied to studies conducted by the EAC - like a recent bi-partisan "voter fraud" study and another on "Voter ID." The commission is currently under fire for its partisan rewrite of the former, and the "Voter ID" study which, though commissioned by the EAC as well, was similarly dismissed by the agency after the team of presidential appointees were unhappy with its reported findings.
    As for warning states and voters of voting machine problems, Layson refused to take responsibility. She maintained, in defense of the EAC, that their new program for voting system certification is just now being put into place, and thus they won't act on problems found in systems approved previously by NASED.
    "The EAC['s new] certification program will collect anomaly reports," Layson wrote in an email to Gideon, "which we will then investigate and share with election officials and the public."
    Gideon expressed his amazement in his next email response, and attempted again to encourage the EAC to do their HAVA-mandated duty. Responding to the     Layson held her "not-our-problem" ground, stating in reply that shortcomings of NASED testing and qualification were, incredibly, not the business of the EAC.
    "Again, as we have discussed many times, we did not certify this voting system," Layson responded, deflecting Gideon's written concerns once again.
    "If [the ES&S iVotronic system] successfully completes EAC's certification program in the future, then it would be subject to our rules and conditions, and if a problem occurs we would notify the election community and the public," she reiterated in the follow-up reply.
    *The GAO Disagrees...*
    Layson's denial of EAC responsibility in warning the public of the serious Florida findings is also in sharp contrast with a recent finding by the Government Accountability Office (GAO).
    In a 2005 report [PDF], requested by Congress on "Federal Efforts to Improve Security and Reliability of Electronic Voting Systems," the GAO was critical of the EAC's failure to inform the public of such concerns about vulnerabilities in voting systems:
    The 2005 GAO report recommended the EAC, "Improve management support to state and local election officials ... for sharing information on the problems and vulnerabilities of voting systems."
    A follow-up GAO report [PDF] submitted to Congress last month, stated that the EAC had allocated some $3.5 million - twenty-five percent of its total budget - to establish themselves as "a national clearinghouse of election administration information."
    However, two years and $3.5 million later the "clearinghouse" is still not operational, as confirmed by the 2007 GAO report:
    Meanwhile, the newly-identified security flaw in ES&S voting machines, all over the country, is like a hidden time bomb about which the EAC refuses even to post an advisory on their website. The hidden flaw awaits exploitation in a viral strike - if such an attack has not already occurred - and yet the EAC has expressed a complete unwillingness to even alert state and local officials.
    The future of the EAC itself is now very much in play. Federal legislation - the "Voter Confidence and Increased Accessibility Act" (HR811), as proposed by Rep. Rush Holt, will for the first time remove HAVA's previous 2005 funding "sunset." The act would make the EAC a permanently funded federal body under the control of the White House.
    And yet, the EAC's "clearinghouse" is beginning to smell like an     outhouse.
    Gideon, who has spent years trying to effect positive change at the EAC in attempts to hold them accountable for their mandate as the sole federal oversight body for voting systems, told The BRAD BLOG recently in frustration, "They just don't care."

@_date: 2007-01-04 12:13:51
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: Bush quietly gives himself power to open our regular mail !!! 
[You know those "signing statements" that Bush always signs following his
signing of new legislation? (the ones that give him the right to break the
law he just signed) Well on Christmas day he just gave himself the right to
open our mail (regular snail mail now!) with no warrant from a judge! The
following paragraph is the text of the specific offensive paragraph...(I
know, it helps if you're a lawyer). Below that is the entire text....dm]
[Admittedly it's alarming, but the thing that stands out to me is that we
know GWB can barely string a subject and verb together on his own, so who's
actually writing these things?  And I doubt it's just a language problem, so
who's actually coming up with the concepts?  -psl]
"The executive branch shall construe subsection 404(c) of title 39, as
enacted by subsection 1010(e) of the Act, which provides for opening of an
item of a class of mail otherwise sealed against inspection, in a manner
consistent, to the maximum extent permissible, with the need to conduct
searches in exigent circumstances, such as to protect human life and safety
against hazardous materials, and the need for physical searches specifically
authorized by law for foreign intelligence collection."
President's Statement on H.R. 6407, the "Postal Accountability and
Enhancement Act"
[2006-20] -- 42 WCPD, p. 2196 (December 25, 2006)
Today I have signed into law H.R. 6407, the "Postal Accountability and
Enhancement Act." The Act is designed to improve the quality of postal
service for Americans and to strengthen the free market for delivery
The executive branch shall construe sections 3662 and 3663 of title 39,
United States Code, as enacted by section 205 of the Act, not to authorize
an officer or agency within the executive branch to institute proceedings in
Federal court against the Postal Regulatory Commission, which is another
part of the executive branch, as is consistent with the constitutional
authority of the President to supervise the unitary executive branch and the
constitutional limitation of Federal courts to deciding cases or
The executive branch shall construe subsection 409(h) of title 39, as
enacted by section 404 of the Act, which relates to legal representation for
an element of the executive branch, in a manner consistent with the
constitutional authority of the President to supervise the unitary executive
branch and to take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
The executive branch shall construe section 407 of title 39, as enacted by
section 405 of the Act, in a manner consistent with the President's
constitutional authority to conduct the Nation's foreign affairs, including
the authority to determine which officers shall negotiate for the United
States and toward what objectives, to make treaties by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and to supervise the unitary executive branch.
The executive branch shall construe subsections 202(a) and 502(a) of title
39, as enacted by subsections 501(a) and 601(a) of the Act, which purport to
limit the qualifications of the pool of persons from whom the President may
select appointees in a manner that rules out a large portion of those
persons best qualified by experience and knowledge to fill the positions, in
a manner consistent with the Appointments Clause of the Constitution. The
executive branch shall also construe as advisory the purported deadline in
subsection 605(c) for the making of an appointment, as is consistent with
the Appointments Clause.
The executive branch shall construe subsection 404(c) of title 39, as
enacted by subsection 1010(e) of the Act, which provides for opening of an
item of a class of mail otherwise sealed against inspection, in a manner
consistent, to the maximum extent permissible, with the need to conduct
searches in exigent circumstances, such as to protect human life and safety
against hazardous materials, and the need for physical searches specifically
authorized by law for foreign intelligence collection.
The executive branch shall construe provisions of the Act that call for
executive branch officials to submit legislative recommendations to the
Congress in a manner consistent with the constitutional authority of the
President to supervise the unitary executive branch and to recommend for
congressional consideration such measures as the President shall judge
necessary and expedient. Such provisions include subsection 504(d) and
section 2009 of title 39, as amended by section 603 of the Act, and sections
701(a)(2), 702(b), 703(b), 708(b), and 709(b)(2) of the Act.
GEORGE W. BUSH
THE WHITE HOUSE,
December 20, 2006.
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-31 16:36:18
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: Bush is Not Above The Law (or is he?) 
Forwarded-by: Gary Graves   Bush Is Not Above the Law
  By JAMES BAMFORD
  Op-Ed Contributor, NY Times, Washington
  January 31, 2007
LAST August, a federal judge found that the president of the United States
broke the law, committed a serious felony and violated the Constitution. Had
the president been an ordinary citizen - someone charged with bank robbery
or income tax evasion - the wheels of justice would have immediately begun
to turn. The F.B.I. would have conducted an investigation, a United States
attorney's office would have impaneled a grand jury and charges would have
been brought.
But under the Bush Justice Department, no F.B.I. agents were ever dispatched
to padlock White House files or knock on doors and no federal prosecutors
ever opened a case.
The ruling was the result of a suit, in which I am one of the plaintiffs,
brought against the National Security Agency by the American Civil Liberties
Union. It was a response to revelations by this newspaper in December 2005
that the agency had been monitoring the phone calls and e-mail messages of
Americans for more than four years without first obtaining warrants from the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, as required by the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act.
In the past, even presidents were not above the law. When the F.B.I. turned
up evidence during Watergate that Richard Nixon had obstructed justice by
trying to cover up his involvement, a special prosecutor was named and a
House committee recommended that the president be impeached.
And when an independent counsel found evidence that President Bill Clinton
had committed perjury in the Monica Lewinsky case, the impeachment machinery
again cranked into gear, with the spectacle of a Senate trial (which ended
in acquittal).
Laws are broken, the federal government investigates, and the individuals
involved - even if they're presidents - are tried and, if found guilty,
punished. That is the way it is supposed to work under our system of
government. But not this time.
Last Aug. 17, Judge Anna Diggs Taylor of the United States District Court in
Detroit issued her ruling in the A.C.L.U. case. The president, she wrote,
had "undisputedly violated" not only the First and Fourth Amendments of the
Constitution, but also statutory law, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act. Enacted by a bipartisan Congress in 1978, the FISA statute was a
response to revelations that the National Security Agency had conducted
warrantless eavesdropping on Americans. To deter future administrations from
similar actions, the law made a violation a felony punishable by a $10,000
fine and five years in prison.
Yet despite this ruling, the Bush Justice Department never opened an F.B.I.
investigation, no special prosecutor was named, and there was no talk of
impeachment in the Republican-controlled Congress.
Justice Department lawyers argued last June that warrants were not required
for what they called the administration's "terrorist surveillance program"
because of the president's "inherent powers" to order eavesdropping and
because of the Congressional authorization to use military force against
those responsible for 9/11. But Judge Taylor rejected both arguments, ruling
that even presidents must obey statutory law and the Constitution.
On Jan. 17, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales unexpectedly declared that
President Bush had ended the program, deciding to again seek warrants in all
cases. Exactly what kind of warrants - individual, as is required by the
law, or broad-based, which would probably still be illegal - is as yet
The action may have been designed to forestall a potentially adverse ruling
by the federal appeals court in Cincinnati, which had scheduled oral
arguments on the case for today. At that hearing, the administration is now
expected to argue that the case is moot and should be thrown out - while
reserving the right to restart the program at any time.
But that's a bit like a bank robber coming into court and arguing that,
although he has been sticking up banks for the past half-decade, he has
agreed to a temporary halt and therefore he shouldn't be prosecuted.
Independent of the A.C.L.U. case, a criminal investigation by the F.B.I. and
a special prosecutor should begin immediately. The question that must
finally be answered is whether the president is guilty of committing a
felony by continuously reauthorizing the warrantless eavesdropping program
for the past five years. And if so, what action must be taken?
The issue is not original. Among the charges approved by the House Judiciary
Committee when it recommended its articles of impeachment against President
Nixon was "illegal wiretaps." President Nixon, the bill charged, "caused
wiretaps to be placed on the telephones of 17 persons without having
obtained a court order authorizing the tap, as required by federal law; in
violation of Sections 241, 371 and 2510-11 of the Criminal Code."
Under his program, President Bush could probably be charged with wiretapping
not 17 but thousands of people without having obtained a court order
authorizing the taps as required by federal law, in violation of FISA.
It is not only the federal court but also many in Congress who believe that
a violation of law has taken place. In a hearing on Jan. 18, the chairman of
the Senate Judiciary Committee, Patrick Leahy of Vermont, said, "For years,
this administration has engaged in warrantless wiretapping of Americans
contrary to the law."
His view was shared by the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman, Jay
Rockefeller of West Virginia, who said of Mr. Bush, "For five years he has
been operating an illegal program."
And Senator Arlen Specter, the Pennsylvania Republican who is the ranking
member on the Judiciary Committee, noted that much of the public was opposed
to the program and that it both hurt the country at home and damaged its
image abroad. "The heavy criticism which the president took on the program,"
he said, "I think was very harmful in the political process and for the
reputation of the country."
To allow a president to break the law and commit a felony for more than five
years without even a formal independent investigation would be the ultimate
subversion of the Constitution and the rule of law. As Judge Taylor warned
in her decision, "There are no hereditary kings in America."
James Bamford is the author of two books on the National Security Agency,
"The Puzzle Palace" and "Body of Secrets."
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2010-12-07 12:50:07
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: No subject 
Reply-To: psl at acm.org
Organization: Mini Fun_People
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.5; en-US; rv:1.9.2.12) Gecko/20101027 Thunderbird/3.1.6
MiniFunPeople........................................ISSN 1098-7649
Forwarded-by: Peter Langston   *Live With the WikiLeakable World or Shut Down the Net. It's Your Choice*
  Western political elites obfuscate, lie and bluster b and when
  the veil of secrecy is lifted, they try to kill the messenger
  by John Naughton
"Never waste a good crisis" used to be the catchphrase of the Obama team in the runup to the presidential election. In that spirit, let us see what we can learn from official reactions to the WikiLeaks revelations  The most obvious lesson is that it represents the first really sustained  confrontation between the established order and the culture of the internet. There have been skirmishes before, but this is the real thing.
And as the backlash unfolds b first with deniable attacks on internet service providers hosting WikiLeaks , later with companies like Amazon and eBay and PayPal   suddenly "discovering" that their terms and conditions preclude them from offering services to  WikiLeaks, and then with the US government attempting to intimidate Columbia students posting updates about WikiLeaks on Facebook b the intolerance of the old order is emerging from the rosy mist in which it has hitherto been obscured. The response has been vicious, co-ordinated and potentially comprehensive, and it contains hard lessons for everyone who cares about democracy and about the future of the net.
There is a delicious irony in the fact that it is now the so-called liberal democracies that are clamouring to shut WikiLeaks down.
Consider, for instance, how the views of the US administration have changed in just a year. On 21 January, secretary of state Hillary Clinton made a landmark speech about internet freedom, in Washington DC, which many people welcomed and most interpreted as a rebuke to China for its alleged cyberattack on Google. "Information has never been so free," declared Clinton. "Even in authoritarian countries, information networks are helping people discover new facts and making governments more accountable."
She went on to relate how, during his visit to China in November 2009, Barack Obama had "defended the right of people to freely access information, and said that the more freely information flows the stronger societies become. He spoke about how access to information helps citizens to hold their governments accountable, generates new ideas, and encourages creativity." Given what we now know, that Clinton speech reads like a satirical masterpiece.
One thing that might explain the official hysteria about the revelations is the way they expose how political elites in western democracies have been  deceiving their electorates.
The leaks make it abundantly clear not just that the US-Anglo-European  adventure in Afghanistan is doomed but, more important, that the American,  British and other Nato governments privately admit that too.
The problem is that they cannot face their electorates b who also happen to be the taxpayers funding this folly b and tell them this. The leaked dispatches from the US ambassador to Afghanistan provide vivid confirmation that the Karzai regime is as corrupt and incompetent as the South Vietnamese regime in Saigon was when the US was propping it up in the 1970s. And they also make it clear that the US is as much a captive of that regime as it was in Vietnam.
The WikiLeaks revelations expose the extent to which the US and its allies see no real prospect of turning Afghanistan into a viable state, let alone a functioning democracy. They show that there is no light at the end of this tunnel. But the political establishments in Washington, London and Brussels cannot bring themselves to admit this.
Afghanistan is, in that sense, a quagmire in the same way that Vietnam was. The only differences are that the war is now being fought by non-conscripted troops and we are not carpet-bombing civilians.
The attack of WikiLeaks also ought to be a wake-up call for anyone who has  rosy fantasies about whose side cloud computing providers are on. These are firms like Google, Flickr, Facebook, Myspace and Amazon which host your blog or store your data on their servers somewhere on the internet, or which enable you to rent "virtual" computers b again located somewhere on the net. The terms and conditions under which they provide both "free" and paid-for services will always give them grounds for dropping your content if they deem it in their interests to do so. The moral is that you should not put your faith in cloud computing b one day it will rain on your Look at the case of Amazon, which dropped WikiLeaks from its Elastic Compute Cloud  the moment the going got rough. It seems that Joe Lieberman, a US senator who suffers from a terminal case of hubris, harassed the company over the matter. Later Lieberman declared grandly that he would be "asking Amazon about the extent of its relationship with WikiLeaks and what it and other web service providers will do in the future to ensure that their services are not used to distribute stolen, classified information". This led the New Yorker's Amy Davidson to ask  whether "Lieberman feels that he, or any senator, can call in the company running the New Yorker's printing presses when we are preparing a story that includes leaked classified material, and tell it to stop us".
What WikiLeaks is really exposing is the extent to which the western  democratic system has been hollowed out. In the last decade its political  elites have been shown to be incompetent (Ireland, the US and UK in not  regulating banks); corrupt (all governments in relation to the arms trade); or recklessly militaristic (the US and UK in Iraq). And yet nowhere have they been called to account in any effective way. Instead they have obfuscated, lied or blustered their way through. And when, finally, the veil of secrecy is lifted, their reflex reaction is to kill the messenger.
As Simon Jenkins put it recently  in the Guardian, "Disclosure is messy and tests moral and legal boundaries. It is often irresponsible and usually embarrassing. But it is all that is left when regulation does nothing, politicians are cowed, lawyers fall silent and audit is polluted. Accountability can only default to disclosure." What we are hearing from the enraged officialdom of our democracies is mostly the petulant screaming of emperors whose clothes have been shredded by the Which brings us back to the larger significance of this controversy. The  political elites of western democracies have discovered that the internet can be a thorn not just in the side of authoritarian regimes, but in their sides too. It has been comical watching them and their agencies stomp about the net like maddened, half-blind giants trying to whack a mole. It has been deeply worrying to watch terrified internet companies b with the exception of Twitter, so far b bending to their will.
But politicians now face an agonising dilemma. The old, mole-whacking approach won't work. WikiLeaks does not depend only on web technology. Thousands of copies of those secret cables b and probably of much else besides b are out there, distributed by peer-to-peer technologies like BitTorrent . Our rulers have a choice to make: either they learn to live in a WikiLeakable world, with all that implies in terms of their future behaviour; or they shut down the internet. Over to them.
B) Guardian News and Media Limited 2010
John Naughton is professor of the public understanding of technology at the Open University
Article printed from URL to article:

@_date: 2012-12-17 14:33:34
@_author: Peter Langston 
@_subject: Why we all have a stake in the Freedom of the Press Foundation 
MiniFunPeople........................................ISSN 1098-7649
Forwarded-by: Peter Langston Forwarded-by: Dave Farber Two years ago this month, the major online payment systems b Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and more b cut off one of the world's most famous journalism organizations from the public. They stopped taking payments on behalf of WikiLeaks and, in the process, highlighted one of the most dangerous threats to modern journalism: the ability of centralized third parties to make trouble for anyone and any organization they didn't like, for whatever reason.
With a few exceptions, the traditional journalism industry has been all but indifferent to what happened b a payment boycott done almost certainly under pressure from the American government, which was and remains infuriated by WikiLeaks' methods and results. No other journalism-related organization has been treated this way, as far as I know. But given the rise of independent media organizations and the utter lack of accountability the payment systems have faced for their outrageous actions, the threat is greater than ever.
The journalists' silence was unfortunate but, sad to say, a reflection of most media companies' coziness with the rich and powerful in America and around the world. It's fair to assume, though, that had any one of those companies been shut out of modern payment systems, the entire industry would have: a) created a huge outcry; and b) found ways to go around the centralized systems that had taken such pernicious actions.
So I'm glad to see the emergence of a new not-for-profit group whose mission is to "promote and fund aggressive, public-interest journalism focused on exposing mismanagement, corruption, and law-breaking in government". It's called the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Its method is "crowd-funding" b pulling together donations from people like you and me b and it could be a game-changer.
The foundation is based in San Francisco, with a board of directors that  includes Daniel Ellsberg (of Pentagon Papers fame), John Perry Barlow  (co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation), Xeni Jardin (from  BoingBoing), the Guardian's Glenn Greenwald and several others in the civil liberties and media arenas. (Disclosure: I am friends with several board  members, and have offered advice to the founders.)
What's novel are the tactics: the foundation will be accepting donations from individuals and then forwarding them along, according to the donors' specific direction, to organizations designed by foundation. The list of organizations will evolve over time; the first group includes WikiLeaks, MuckRock, the National Security Archive and the UpTake, all of which are worthy of support.
The foundation has come up with clear and useful criteria for its selections:
  1. Record of engaging in transparency journalism or supporting it in a
  material way, including support for whistleblowers.
  2. Public interest agenda.
  3. Organizations or individuals under attack for engaging in transparency
  journalism.
  4. Need for support: the foundation's goal is to prioritize support for
  organizations and individuals who are in need of funding or who face
  obstacles to gaining support on their own.
The system the foundation has devised is simple and smart. Donors can  designate as many or few of the organizations as he or she chooses, with  online "sliders" that make it easy to raise or lower the percentage going to each of the chosen groups. The foundation also accepts donations, and it takes an 8% cut of the proceeds for operational costs. I'm donating immediately, and will designate that my gift goes to all four organizations, with the bulk to WikiLeaks, given its especially endangered The crowdfunding method takes a page from the "HumbleBundle" operation, which has been offering software, books and games this way b asking people to donate whatever they wish, and choosing which providers and/or organizations will get what percentage of their donations. Then, the donors can download the items.
Donations range widely. I've participated several times. The best part is that everyone involved gets value from the system.
The obvious question raised by the Freedom of the Press Foundation initiative is whether the payment systems will shut this off, too. If they do, they'll be punishing not just WikiLeaks, but the entire journalism ecosystem b and ultimately, your right to get the information you want and need. Will they extend the bad faith they showed two years ago?
That I even have to ask this question is evidence of the power of these  centralized mega-corporations. They have far too much power, like too many  other telecommunications companies and a number of others in the information and communications industries on which we rely more and more for our daily activities.
The Freedom of the Press Foundation can be a first step away from the edge of a cliff. But it needs to be recognized and used by as many people as possible, as fast as possible. And journalists, in particular, need to offer their support in every way. This is ultimately about their future, whether they recognize it or not. But it's more fundamentally about all of I encourage you to support the foundation and the organizations it is trying to help. This is about your future, too.
