
@_date: 2003-12-10 13:13:09
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: members 
I'm curious. You say the list got some 400+ members right now and that's only the lne node too. Can you provide some statistics on the users? How many addresses are .gov? Any valid TLA addresses in there?!

@_date: 2003-12-15 20:06:12
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Crosspost from nettime:
If symbols really do matter we might conclude that American
administration's PR machine has got it badly wrong. In the carefully
orchestrated news management of Saddam's capture, once again, the public
opinion which *really* matters in the middle east: Arab public opinion,
has been conclusively misread
The image of an Arab leader (however terrible) being objectivised by a
white gloved American medic like a bug on a lab bench, will not be read in
the Arab world as a moment of liberation. It will be seen as a special
kind of humiliation, the kind which typifies the depth of ignorance which
has inspired this campaign from its outset. Once again the images (chosen
with great care one imagines, given the time lapse between Saddam's
capture and the John Wayne style triumphalism of the announcement) treats
Arab opinion to a further demonstration of the power of the west to
objectivize the world under a coolly scientific gaze. In this context no
mediaeval torturer could have conceived of a greater humiliation than the
medical torch's pencil thin beam illuminating the inside of the tyrant's
A stupidity of almost incomprehensible proportions seems bent on
prosecuting a war against terror in which the twenty-four hour news
machine is mobilized to disseminate images that do little more than fan
the flames of hate.

@_date: 2003-12-18 05:40:34
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
I think you might have forgotten about the other half the system, due process. Even if you "KNOW" something, you've got to go through the motions.

@_date: 2003-12-19 10:14:00
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Has Saddam recieved a lawyer yet?
Will Saddam be judged by a court having jurisdiction and being recognized internationally?

@_date: 2003-06-19 16:39:14
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Destroying government computers 
We must not wait while dangers gather. They are either with us on computer security, or they are with the terrorists. We know they have these weapons for mass communications destruction and disruption and they have used them before. Preemptive actions are insufficient. Preventive actions are a right of self-
defense. Isn't that the current world view legitimized by the US government? We don't sit still when a would-be attacker moves toward the cockpit, and there is no need to sit still waiting for our BIOS to be overwritten with nulls. Taking away offensive capabilities when potential attackers enter the concourse or trespass upon the chattel of our computers seems only reasonable and fully supportive of national security and public policy. Since we can't know whether it is our friends and heroic protectors, or terrorists, who are trying to destroy our communications, kill all the dangerous, evil machines that connect and let God sort them out.

@_date: 2003-06-19 22:56:22
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Destroying computers 
Yes, a little more. Do you mean "southern Utah"?
Hey, any stereotype in a storm, eh?

@_date: 2003-06-20 19:25:55
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: I love announcements like this 
How about this news from China. Looks like Ashcroft has the same process underway here. Maybe it is modelled on our "partner in freedom", China.
Papers, please!!
Hostages of the State
A murder that shocked the nation exposes the brutality of China's system of extrajudicial detentions
BY SUSAN JAKES / BEIJING CHINA PHOTO/REUTERS
Sun Liusong's son, Sun Zhigang, was beaten to death in a detention center in March 2003 Had it ended differently, Sun Zhigang's life might have been a testament to his country's progress. The 27-year-old carpenter's son had worked his way out of a remote village in China's central Hubei province to a university in the provincial capital of Wuhan. He graduated with an arts degree, then later moved to Guangzhou, landing a job as a graphic designer and the chance to make a home in new China's glittering boomtown. But three weeks into his new life, Sun's luck ran out. On his way to an Internet cafi, he was stopped by police and asked for his ID. When Sun said he had left it at home, the police took him to a nearby station. By the next day when his boss and friends showed up with the necessary papers, Sun had been transferred to a detention center for vagrants. Two days later, on March 20, he was dead, the victim of a brutal beating in the center's infirmary.
Last week, in a highly secretive trial, a Guangzhou court meted out harsh punishmentsincluding two death sentencesto those deemed to be the culprits in Sun's death. They included a nurse alleged to have ordered other inmates to beat Sun, and the inmates accused of complying. But the major accomplice in Sun's death got off free. The bulk of the blame for Sun's death ought to fall on a little-known system of administrative detentionthat is, detention outside of the criminal justice systemwhereby Chinese citizens can be locked up merely for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. "Custody and repatriation," as the system is euphemistically called, exists to enforce laws that keep impoverished rural dwellers from overcrowding the country's more prosperous cities. Officially, custody-and- repatriation (C.-and-R.) centers are responsible for detaining vagrants, beggars and those who lack permits to live in cities, and returning them to their hometowns. In reality, say human-rights experts and those who have experienced the system firsthand, it's a terrifyingly arbitrary and routinely abused tool of state power that, at its worst, amounts to little more than a police-enforced kidnapping-and ransom

@_date: 2003-11-20 00:03:58
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued 
Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com) wrote on 2003-11-19:
To a non native speaker, this phrase seems to imply a scary
level of control over the media people. "There will be no questions. Dissenters will be shot on the spot."

@_date: 2003-10-31 20:21:08
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: radiusnet archives 
Maybe not "dead"
Registrant:    Ultimate Search    GPO Box 7862    Central, HK na    HK    Registrar: NAMESDIRECT    Domain Name: RADIUSNET.NET       Created on: 12-AUG-03       Expires on: 12-AUG-04       Last Updated on: 30-AUG-03    Administrative, Technical Contact:       Support, DNS  dns at ultsearch.com       Ultimate Search       GPO Box 7862       Central, HK  na       HK       852 2537 9677    Domain servers in listed order:       NS1.ULTSEARCH.COM       NS2.ULTSEARCH.COM But it looks like the domain was first registered in 2003 (recently!)
so the hacker/crypo guys must have dumped it a few years ago thus
making it available again. Someone doesn't want us to be able to view the old contents
On  this is
In  this is placed:
By explicitly excluding the ia_archiver bot from the contents they
are making the contents excluded from the archiv.org archives for
both "versions", regardless of whether the old owners wants that or
Maybe the archive.org people should implement a feature not making it
possible to exclude old contents by taking over the domain and simply
putting in the robots.txt on the root?!
Maybe the Wayback Machine should only honor robots.txt for old
contents if the ownership of the domain in question has been
inchanged during the period in question. Every time an ownership
change is done all old contents would be blocked/protected from

@_date: 2003-09-08 21:32:41
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: another fake e-gold site needs data 
...Lots of data...
Save as plain text anything.html on desktop and drop onto a browser.

@_date: 2004-04-08 23:16:13
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: voting 
Perry Metzger writes, on his cryptography list:
On the contrary, the adversarial method is an extremely *weak* source
of security in a voting system.
In the first place, it fails for primary elections where there are
multiple candidates, all of one party, running for a position.  It's not
unusual to have a dozen candidates or even more in some rare cases (the
California gubernatorial election, while not a primary, had hundreds of
candidates running for one seat).  It is impractical for each candidate
to supply an army of representatives to supervise the voting process,
nor can each polling place accommodate the number of people required.
In the second place, it fails for elections with more than two parties
running.  The casual reference above to representatives "on each
side" betrays this error.  Poorly funded third parties cannot provide
representatives as easily as the Republicans and Democrats.  We already
know that the major parties fight to keep third party candidates off
the ballots.  Can we expect them to be vigilant in making sure that
Libertarian and Green votes are counted?
In the third place, tampering has to be protected against in each and
every voting precinct.  Any voting station where the voting observers
for one party are lax or incompetent could be identified in advance and
targeted for fraud.  Given that these observers are often elderly and
have limited faculties, such frauds are all too easy to accomplish.
It's baffling that security experts today are clinging to the outmoded
and insecure paper voting systems of the past, where evidence of fraud,
error and incompetence is overwhelming.  Cryptographic voting protocols
have been in development for 20 years, and there are dozens of proposals
in the literature with various characteristics in terms of scalability,
security and privacy.  The votehere.net scheme uses advanced cryptographic
techniques including zero knowledge proofs and verifiable remixing,
the same method that might be used in next generation anonymous remailers.
Given that so many jurisdictions are moving towards electronic voting
machines, this is a perfect opportunity to introduce mathematical
protections instead of relying so heavily on human beings.  I would
encourage observers on these lists to familiarize themselves with the
cryptographic literature and the heavily technical protocol details
at  before passing judgement on
these technologies.

@_date: 2004-04-23 12:34:55
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Blind signatures with DSA/ECDSA? 
Hash: SHA1
Often people ask about blind DSA signatures.  There are many known
variants on DSA signatures which allow for blinding, but blinding "plain"
DSA signatures is not discussed much.
Clearly, blinding DSA signatures is possible, through general purpose
two party multi-party computations, such as circuit based protocols.
However these would be too inefficient.
I believe that the technique of Philip MacKenzie and Michael
K. Reiter, Two-Party Generation of DSA Signatures, Crypto 2001,
 can be adapted for blind DSA
signatures that would be reasonably efficient.  The problem they solved
was different in that both parties had a share of the private key, and
there was no effort to hide the message hash being signed or the (r,s)
signature values.  However the same basic idea should work.
The scheme uses a homomorphic encryption key held by the first party,
Alice, who is the one who will receive the signature.  Bob is the signer.
The homomorphic encryption system allows Bob to take an encrypted value
and multiply it by a constant known to him; and also to add two encrypted
values together.  (That is, Bob can produce an output cyphertext which
holds the result.  He does not learn the result.)  Suggested cryptosystems
with the desired properties include those from Paillier; Naccache and
Stern; or Okamoto and Uchiyama.
Alice starts with the message hash H, and knows the public key parameters
y, g, p and q.  Bob knows the private key x such that y = g^x mod p,
where q is the order of g.  DSA signatures are computed by choosing a
random value k mod q and computing r = g^k mod p mod q; z = 1/k mod q;
s = x*r*z + H*z mod q; with (r,s) being the signature.
For the protocol, Alice and Bob will compute k as multiplicatively
shared, with Alice knowing k1 and Bob knowing k2, where k1*k2 = k mod q.
We start, then, with Bob (the signer) computing r2 = g^k2 mod p and
sending that to Alice.  Alice computes r = r2^k1 mod p mod q = g^(k2*k1)
mod p mod q = g^k mod p mod q.  Alice and Bob also compute z1 = 1/k1
mod q and z2 = 1/k2 mod q respectively; then z = 1/k mod q = z1*z2 mod q.
Alice uses the homomorphic encryption and produces a = E(r*z1) and
b = E(H*z1).  She sends these to Bob along with some ZK proofs that the
values are well formed.  Bob uses the homomorphic properties to multiply
the plaintext of a by x*z2 and the plaintext of b by z2 and to add them,
along with a large random multiple of q, q*d, where d is random mod q^5:
c = a X (x*z2) + b X z2 + E(d*q).  Here X means the operation to multiply
the hidden encrypted value by a scalar, and + is the operation to add two
encrypted values.  Bob sends c back to Alice.
Alice decrypts c and takes the result mod q to recover
s = r*z1*x*z2 + H*z1*z2 = x*r*z + H*z mod q, the other component of the
DSS signature.  She can verify that Bob behaved correctly by checking that
(r,s) is a valid DSS signature on H.
For a quick security analysis, Alice is clearly safe as Bob never
sees anything from her but some encrypted values, and his k2 share of
k is uncorrelated to k itself.  In the other direction, Bob has to be
concerned about revealing x.  He is given two encrypted values and has to
multiply one by x*z2 and the other by z2 and add them.  If the encrypted
plaintexts are u and v, this produces (u*x + v) * z2.  This value is
completely uncorrelated with x, mod q, because of the multiplication by
z2 which is uniformly distributed.  Then adding the large multiple of q
should effectively hide the value of x.  For strictly provable security
it may be necessary for Alice and perhaps even Bob to provide some ZK
proofs that they are behaving correctly.
The system is reasonably efficient, the main issue being the need to be
able to PK encrypt values as large as q^6, which for DSS would be 6*160
or 960 bits.  That would require a Paillier key of about 2K bits which
is very manageable.  The total cost is about 9 modular exponentiations of
2K bit values to 1K bit exponents, plus whatever ZK proofs are necessary.

@_date: 2004-12-07 10:00:51
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
Steve Thompson:
    The page clearly states that the enhanced version was not in the
public domain or owned by the government, it was a completely new
version and the development was not funded by the government. The old
one was for 16 bit architecture whereas the new one was for 32 bit.
    ALL electronic devices emits signals that you can intercept and
obtain information from. Whether or not you can extract much useful
data or not depends, but generally you can always extract something.
This is a vast field and it's hard to generalize. I have personally
attended tests at a firm working for the military in a western
European country and I've seen how extremely easy it is to do remote
classic tempest-reading of the screen of a lap-top, to name only one
example. The equipment easily fits in only a station wagon. Generally
this is really hard to protect yourself from. Let's say you build
yourself a bunker and put your computer inside it but you forget to
run it on batteries, then you'll find out that signals will be
carried out on the electric cord entering your bunker and they'll be
readily readable outside anyway. You can't have any kind of opening
in and out of that bunker, not even for ventilation, so you see this
is hard to do.
    Maybe they built in other forms of remotely usable back-doors
too, just in case there were able to make contact with the computer
remotely over some network. This makes sense too, since one or two or
those computers surely were less protected.
    Some people falsely believe that only CRT screens can be read
remotely using TEMPEST techniques, this couldn't be more false, in
fact one of the test managers I spoke to said he thought it was
easier with TFT type monitors. Also remeber that we're not just
talking about monitors, many other devices emits interesting and
potential useful informaation: faxes, printers, networking hardware
    Those PROMIS people built in hardware on the motherboards that
emitted signals using a kind of jumping frequency technique. If you
have the key giving you he answer to how the frequencies are changed
you can easily intercept the data otherwise it becomes really hard to
do and esp hard to find out that there's anything emitting in the
first place - it looks like noise. The purpose of this was so that
they could sell the whole package, the PC with the software
pre-installed to customers and then they could sit in their wan down
the street and record.
It's no only happening in the movies you know :)
    BTW: I would also be interested in some more comments on Michael
Riconosciuto as a person, doesn't anyone have an opinion or know of
interesting info in this regard? Are there any books written by him
or by people on "his side" of the story?

@_date: 2004-12-11 23:50:34
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Steve Thompson 
Out of nowhere cometh Steve Thompson, and sayeth he all manner of things.  But, while his mouth moveth one way, he seemeth to move the other.
What hath suddenly attracted our AUK creep?

@_date: 2004-01-03 11:01:45
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: DoS-ing fatherland goons 
If we put aside the probable and obvious cause for disrupting the air traffic - namely, introduction of the permanent emergency state (in the future 2-3% of all flights may be affected - small price for maintaining the power), I wonder what are the logistics of injecting false information into the snooping systems.
Most of those are automated and prone to false alarms.
Few ideas:
- Orchestrated credit card purchases under proper "suspicious" conditions ("travelling without husband" - check today's news).
- No shows at US-bound flights. Extremely efficient use of economy class fare.
- Orchestrated telephone conversations using codewords ("thw worm will meet the apple on monday")
- Ordering tens of almanacs, etc.
Some simple scanning around these ports will reveal what is effective and what is not. Bearing in mind that basic TCP/IP protocols, servers and clients, after years of fixing, are still vulnerable to new attacs I doubt that pinheads on the TLA payrolls will be able to fix theirs.
The beauty of these attacks is that they can be launched by any entity - from ragheads to governments, and next to impossible to trace if done properly.

@_date: 2004-11-11 10:16:11
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: nyms being attacked by malware 
I've noticed a very high increase of incoming virii and malicious code of
various sorts to one of my nyms. Since the nym is not used anywhere
publically I really wonder if these are deliberate attacks to try to
compromise the machines of people using nyms to protect their identity. Is
this something that's a known strategy somehow? Obviously it could also be
that the nym was previously used by someone else online and that's partly
why it would be interesting to hear other's comments on this.

@_date: 2006-09-29 03:25:57
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Palladium is back. And this time, it's... 
In the past few weeks new information has come out on the Trusted
Computing (TC) front which provides clues to where this powerful
and controversial technology may be heading.  Much of this has come
from Intel, which has revealed more information about their LaGrande
technology, now un-codenamed to Trusted Execution Technology.  A good
source of links is the Hack the Planet blog, - scroll down to the September 25 entry.
LaGrande was originally designed as the hardware support for Microsoft's
now-defunct Palladium, relating to the differences between Palladium and
TCPA (now called TCG).  Both technologies relied on the TPM chip to take
measurements of running software, report those measurements remotely via
trusted attestations, and lock encrypted data to those measurements so
that other software configurations could not decrypt it.  These are the
core capabilities which give TC its power.  But there were important
differences in the two approaches.
TCPA was focused on a measured boot process.  As the system boots,
each stage would measure (i.e. hash into the TPM) the next stage before
switching control to it.  At the end of this process the TPM's Platform
Configuration Registers would hold a "fingerprint" of the software
configuration that had booted.  With a TPM-aware OS the PCRs could be
further updated as each program launches to keep an up-to-date picture
of what is running.
Palladium instead wanted to be able to switch to "trusted" mode in mid
stream, after booting; and wanted to continue to run the legacy OS while
new applications ran in the trusted area.  LaGrande Technology (LT,
now TET), in conjunction with new TPM capabilities offered in the 1.2
chips now available, would provide the support for this "late launch"
concept.  Palladium is now gone but Intel has continued to develop
LaGrande and has now released documentation on how it will work, at
Late launch starts with the OS or the BIOS executing one of the new
LT instructions.  This triggers a complex sequence of operations
whose purpose is to load, measure (ie hash into the TPM) and launch a
hypervisor, that is, a Virtual Machine Monitor (VMM).  The hypervisor can
then repackage the state of the launching OS as a Virtual Machine (VM)
and transfer control back to it.  The OS has now become transparently
virtualized and is running on top of the VMM.  The VMM can then launch
secure VMs which execute without being molested by the legacy OS.
Another enhancement of LT is that the chipset can be programmed to prevent
DMA access to specified memory areas.  This will close a loophole in
existing VMM systems, that VMs can program DMA devices to overwrite other
VMs' memory.  This protection is necessary for the TC goal of protected
execution environments.
Both VMWare and Xen are getting involved with this technology.  As the
blog entry above says, Intel donated code to Xen a few days ago to support
much of this functionality, so that Xen will be able to launch in this
way on TET machines.  Another link from the blog entry is an amazing
Intel presentation showing how excited the NSA is about this technology.
Within a couple of years they will be able to acquire Commercial Off
the Shelf (COTS) systems configured like this, that will allow running
multiple instances of OS's with different security classifications.
The slides show a system running two versions of Windows, one for Secret
and one for Top Secret data, appearing in separate windows on the screen.
Xen or VMWare with TET will be able to do this very soon if not already.
Here's Intel's description of how software might be configured to use
this capability, from their "Trusted Execution Technology Architectural
Overview" linked from the LaGrande page above:
To anyone who studied what was known as Palladium, this will sound
strangely familiar.  It is exactly how Microsoft described their system,
with the legacy side and the secure side, and applications that would
somehow straddle the two.
So we see, with Intel's release of LaGrande (4Q06), Palladium is back.
And this time, it's Xen!  Xen is already enhanced to virtualize the TPM
chip, and has further plans to add capabilities to measure VMs as they
load and execute.  TET will only improve this functionality and allow
for full Palladium capabilities in the near future.
It's ironic that opponents of TC frequently claimed that one of its goals
was to destroy open source software, when here today we see that it is
in the open source world that TC is thriving.  Xen has support for it,
the 2.6 Linux kernel has built-in TPM drivers, the trousers.sf.net project
provides a robust Trusted Software Stack implementation for TPM access,
and numerous research projects have investigated adding other TPM hooks
within the Linux kernel.  See also the recent controversy over Linus
Torvalds' break with the FSF over their efforts to put anti-TC clauses
into the new GPLv3.
Now it appears that all the capabilities of Palladium, the technology
people thought was going to be so evil, will be present in the friendly
face of Linux and Xen.  Maybe this will finally cause the unwashed masses
to stop believing the easy lies which have been fed to them for so long
about the nature of TC, and look a little deeper at a technology with
great power and potential.

@_date: 2012-05-01 21:15:31
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: Bitcoin Erased my Bank Account??? 
How did BitCoin Erase my Bank Account?
We just confirmed that the psuedo-not-financial holdings company BitCoin, which had a data security problem a few months ago, has prevented us from receiving email notifications from our banks and some other financial/personal-information/billing systems...
HOW DOES A FAKE CURRENCY COMPANY WHO GENERATED A DATA-LEAK NOTIFICATION GET EVERYONE'S BANK ACCOUNTS SHUT DOWN IN THE REAL WORLD?
Time to create a New Haven Co. specifically to take down global financial institutions in this manner!
