
@_date: 1995-12-29 17:58:02
@_author: mjsus@atlanta.com 
@_subject: Strategic Investments .... 
This can be some interesting .....
                                GLOBAL STRATEGIC SYSTEMS NEWSLETTER
                                                        December, 1995
Strategic Management Investments, Asset Allocation, Evaluation and Review
Strategic Management System (SMS) investments are long-term investments and
total ROIs of these investments can only be evaluated after several years
from the initial decisions and activities. However, this does not mean that
the organization can not evaluate many specific elements and short-term
projects of the whole SMS project separately and obtain some good feedback
and information about the short-term performance within one year or sooner.
The implementation of an overall SMS can be divided into small development
projects such as back-up system, customer complaint processing,
environmental communication and employee recruiting system development.
Specific Return on Investment and other financial and cost objectives can be
established for these projects, and they can be evaluated and monitored on a
quarterly and/or annual basis. However, the main strategic objective, the
aim of the SMS, can only be achieved, when all elements of the SMS have been
implemented, integrated and operated effectively. To justify, specific
investment decisions, both short-term and long-term financial indicators can
be used, which can satisfy many passive investor's requirements to commit to
the long-term investments.
Depending on the field of technology and business complexity, the
organization can spend up to 30 % of its annual revenue in the strategic
investments including system development and any new technology R&D
activities. In some cases, costs can be higher. What is the portion of this
amount that is invested in the development of the SMS? With some rough
information, it was possible to calculate that about 25 % of the total
annual strategic investment was spent in one ISO 9000 quality system
development. This 25 % was invested in organizational capability, improved
quality assurance and additional equipment, manpower and machine
acquisitions. Using the above estimation, the management estimated that it
had invested up to 7.5 % of its annual revenue in the strategic management
system development activities.  The major portion of this investment can be
used in tactical, short-term development projects such as returned goods
processing and test and equipment control, where the investment performance
data can be obtained faster; and the rest of the SMS investment can be used
for project/program management and coordination, organizational
restructuring, responsibility and authority definition, document and data
control and any other supporting system development activities, the
financial monitoring can be more difficult. The major cost categories in the
SMS development projects are: 1. development, implementation and training
time (manpower excluding external training, consulting and assessment
activities), 2. equipment and machine acquisitions, 3. materials such as
office supplies and 4. external project activities.
Investments in the development of any SMS can be either tactical or
strategic. The financial performance of the tactical investments is very
often much easier to evaluate than the evaluation of the long-term
investments that may not have specific and measurable investment objectives
and/or the accounting information to evaluate the performance against any
specific objectives which can be difficult to obtain. It is possible to
develop specific budgets for each element of the SMS development project and
identify the sources of development benefits and cost reductions that can be
used for evaluating the financial performance of each project. The financial
performance (including the maintenance of development budgets and the
achievement of investment performance ratios such as Return on Investment
and Investment Payback Period) can be reviewed and evaluated on a quarterly
and annual basis. Any consolidated investments in the whole Strategic
Management System development and the SMS development progress can be
reviewed in the annual Strategic Planning activities by the top management
in the same way as any specific tactical investments can be reviewed and
analyzed in the departmental level to identify any problem areas, any
potential problems and to determine and initiate necessary corrective and/or
preventive actions to achieve or maintain all financial performance
objectives and targets.
The organization should manage its investments in the SMSs such as ISO 9000,
ISO 14000 or Information Security Systems as it manages all its capital
expenditures or any investments in financial instruments such as stocks and
bonds. These investments have to be controlled, managed, reviewed and
improved upon on an on-going basis by the managerial level. Each element of
the SMS development can have its own budget and budget responsibility. The
organization may establish its own unique accounting system for each SMS
development project including specific cost and expenses categories, and
identifying specific sources of financial benefit information that can be
used to calculate financial ratios. Any over spending or other negative
financial performance issues can be brought to the attention in the
management reviews, which may lead to the initiation of necessary corrective
and preventive actions. It is easy to overspend and waste financial
resources such as the waste of manpower without adequate accounting, record
keeping and monitoring systems and methods. The utilization of actual
financial performance measures helps the organization also to see actual
financial benefits from the strategic investments and to justify additional
SMS development activities. However, we still have the question: "How much
should the organization invest in any specific SMS to satisfy its future
business requirements?"

@_date: 1995-10-22 11:38:06
@_author: mjsus@atlanta.com 
@_subject: Interesting Newsletter - GSSN Oct 1995 
GLOBAL STRATEGIC SYSTEM NEWSLETTER
                          October, 1995
    Information Security System Responsibilities, Structure and Development
Is your vital business information safe or are you just assuming that this
information is safe? Have you established an adequate Information Security
System (ISS) to protect your key information against unwanted external or
internal visits and use? The changes in the usage and utilization of the
information technology have created new requirements for both the
information management and its security. However, still too often businesses
and companies do not take the information protection seriously enough to
establish proactive information security systems and other controls. If some
controls have been established, these controls often focus primarily on the
physical security instead of the company-wide information security. The
business information such as business plans, market strategies, trade
secrets and others is a very valuable organizational asset, and it would be
foolish not to initiate adequate security controls to protect this key asset
within the whole organization including physical facilities, employees,
external contractors, computers systems, contract negotiation processes and
any other business process. Who is responsible for the information security? Everybody. However, the
extent of this responsibility varies from one function to another or from
one person to another. Fundamentally, the top management including the
organization's CEO is responsible for establishing the information security
system. The top management is responsible for defining, documenting and
comunicating the company-wide information security policy to all levels of
the organization. In addition, the executive management may establish either
specific or general information security objectives to transform the
organization from one situation to a more protected situation. The executive
management is also responsible for appointing the Information Security
Officer (ISO), who performs and acts as the Management Representative and
has the authority and responsibility to establish, implement and maintain
the information security system. All other members of the organization are
responsible for implementing the information security policy in their daily
activities. Some individuals may have additional responsiblities such as ISS
auditing and monitoring in accordance with the documented and planned
information protection arrangements. The top management is responsible for
reviewing the performance and suitability of the system periodically to
ensure its suitability and any need for revising the policy, objectives or
the system itself.
The structure of ISS is unique to each organization. The responsibilities
and authorities are different in all systems, because organizations are
unique. However, there are some general requirements that can be used to
design and develop the unique ISS for any organization, but still meet basic
and fundamental information protection requirements. These requirements can
include all or some of the following main categories: Management
Responsibility, Client / Customer Contract Security, Information Systems
Design and Development, Document and Data Control - & Configuration
Management, Purchasing Information Security, Facility Management and
Physical Security, Information Systems Management, Information Security
System Audit, Personnel and Employee Security, Legal Information Security
Matters, Counter Information Security System Activities and Information
Security Insurance Administration. Each of these general categories have
more detail and specific requirements including both documentation, activity
recording and data control requirements. Using these requirements and any
guidelines, the business can establish its unique information security
system that protects the integrity of the information effectively and
The information security system has to be designed and then developed to
eliminate any potential security risks. This requires planning and proactive
thinking. The development can start from the Information Security Policy and
Objectives that is developed by the executive management. After this the
completed system manual can be developed by the Information Security
Officer. This ISS manual should make reference to all applicable additional
procedures and instructions that are used within the system. Typically,
these procedures (such as Information Security Disaster Plan and Procedures)
described WHOs, WHATs, WHENs, WHEREs and in some cases also HOWs such as
back-up instructions and methods. If it is necessary, additional security
plans can be developed for any specific project or process. These plans
should be consistent with an overall ISS. The masterlists or other
equivalent methods should be developed and maintained to control all ISS
plans and documentation. The planning of the information security system
provides an excellent opportunity for the management to evaluate and analyze
all information risks and design practical and useful approaches to
eliminate these risks.
Nobody should underestimate the need for the ISS, but this need should not
be artificially created either. The information security system as any
system has to be practical and really bring tangible benefits. This is one
reason why the information security assessment should be performed prior to
the development project. This assessment can identify both weaknesses and
strengths in the information security. Careful evaluations can help the
business to focus on real issues, and not to develop the system that meets
some imaginary requirements, but fails to address those key areas and
functions of the organization, where additional controls would really be
needed. The information security system should be developed for the
management, but the ISS users do also include all employees within the
organization - and as in many other organizational development, the complete
implementation of the ISS shall be dependent on the employee security and
their awareness.

@_date: 1995-09-22 10:23:09
@_author: mjsus@atlanta.com 
@_subject: business intelligence or BI 
There is also the difference between the business intelligence and business
espionage !
The business intelligence is used to collect, evaluate, analyze etc. the
business information and data that may include competitors, markets,
economic trends, suppliers among others. The sources of this information are
publicly and legally available for all companies and individuals. The formal
or informal business intelligence system can be used. The successful use of
the traditional business intelligence will result in the best results, when
this information and data is eveluated, analyzed and disseminated in the
most intelligent, reliable, timely and accurate manner. 100% of companies
are already using the business intelligence (all companies are just not
calling it the BI): some more successfully than others. The business
intelligence can be used both for strategic and tactical purposes.
                                                        Regards,
                                                        Mark
