
@_date: 2000-12-27 21:56:51
@_author: Todd 
@_subject: New MLM Opportunity 
Information about this email can be found at the bottom.
Hi, my name is Todd Smith. Your email address was on a list of people that
opted to receive emails about new MLM opportunities. I have one for you,
and I hope it fits your needs.
Let me first say that when I was deciding what email to send to talk about
my MLM program, I decided against the standard email ad with a bunch of
exclamation points and dollar signs. I thought that if I received one of those
in my email, I would delete it as soon as I saw the title.
So I thought you would appreciate a hand written intelligent email that has more
facts than figures.
The website is called Gold Club. If you are already signed up, you don't have to
read any farther, and thanks for your time. Otherwise, I think you'll really like it.
The idea of the site is that before you enter into an MLM, you should already
have people in your downline. But you can't put people in your downline until
you sign up, right? Well Gold Club isn't actually an MLM company. It's a free
service that builds up a downline under you, so that when you decide to join one
the 4 MLM companies that are registered with Gold Club, you will already have the
people under you to begin making money.
I'd also like to point out that I work as a computer programmer. This means that
my mind is very logically oriented, and skeptical about anything without proof. After
I joined, a bombarded the owners with every question and problem I could make up or
find, but I was always given a good, satisfying answer. The point being I couldn't
find anything wrong with the system and I really do think it will work.
The best part of the program is, besides the fact that the whole thing is free, is Gold
Club will automatically put people in your downline for you. That way you really do
have to do nothing to build your downline, and therefore you do nothing to start making
money in MLM's.
I hope this short truthful email has done more to convince you than a long flashy one.
If you want any more details, all will be explained at the site. Please, go there and
look around, ask me anything you like, and have a nice day.
Email Info:
This email was sent to you because you chose to receive emails about MLM opportunities.
If, in fact, you didn't want to receive emails about MLM opportunities, please accept
our apologies and know that we'll never send you anything ever again.
If you feel like reporting me for spamming, please realize that I got your email address
from an opt-in list, which means that somehow your email was voluntarily put on the list.
And although the return address is hotmail, I didn't use the hotmail mail server to send
Thank you
