
@_date: 2000-09-16 00:40:00
@_author: moneyconcepts@in-box.net 
@_subject: CDR: U Missed Microsoft, Don't Miss This! 
Dear Investor:
We are offering a fantastic opportunity for you to become a partner in a new internet company that promises to be biggest and most useful web site on the internet. Why, because it is industry specific, not consumer oriented.  We are lauching a "NEW" service on the internet that will transform the transportation industry as we now know it! If you were one of those standing on the sidelines while friends and associates made money in the stock market now is the time to take the plunge and become an investor partner. For a very small investment you can become a partner in the most dynamic internet company yet. Please take a good look at this "Money Back Guaranteed" Investment Opportunity.  Thank you for your interest!! We think that you will be very happy with your decision to further explore this great opportunity.  We can assure you that this is not a ten page sales pitch, this is very straight forward and will only take a minute of your time. Although we are unable to give full disclosure of this service due to potential copycats, we will let you know it will completely revolutionize the transportation industry. Through extensive research and developement, we have successfully launched a beta program that has gained recognition and support from some really big hitters. Our market research indicates that potential customers have responded positive to the "Need" and the demand for this type of service. As developers have worked closely with major universities toward the implementation of this serice during trials, we have been told by professors and educators alike that "This service is "Guaranteed" to revolutionize and change the way we do business in the transportation industry".       We are seeking additional investors for the launch of a national advertising campaign that will generate capitol to capture the market.   We are presently selling partnerships at $450 per unit with an investment Guarantee in writing. Each units is backed by a bond to guarantee your investment. You will receive a certificate which must be held for one year. At the end of one year you may do one of three things.  First you may opt out and receive your investment back plus interest.  Second you may roll it over for one more year or convert it to shares.  All of this is explained on the certificate which you will receive.   What is our proposal? For the small investment of $450.00 you can become an investor partner.  Your $450.00 investment will buy you one unit, you may buy more  than one unit if you choose to.  In return you will receive the  following: An investment option certificate by a guarantee bond.  Your investment will  be safe. You will receive one certificate for each unit you buy You will receive interest on each unit pegged at the best rate at the time  of liquidation. You will receive a monthly news letter keeping you informed of our progress You must hold you certificates for at least one year, at that time you have  three options 1. Liquidate your certificates for the paid in amount plus interest 2. Hold for one more year 3. Convert to shares in which case you will receive as many as     the total amount of your investment plus interest  Please Call Today! Toll FREE: 1-877-268-2961
Speak to one of our helpful Investment Officers who will answer any questions you may have.
Call NOW, for a full consultation.  "If by chance you get a chance, that's all the chance you'll Just a thought.
This is a one time mailing only.
