
@_date: 2001-01-17 19:56:35
@_author: mose_thegreat@mail777.net.cn 
@_subject: weight loss 
Dear Friend,
This last fall, our family had a reunion at which time we had a Professional Photographer take pictures, and I wanted to use those pictures of our immediate Family on Christmas cards that we were going to send to Friends and family this Christmas.
In November, we got the proofs back so that we could pick our favorite Picture. Everybody looked wonderful and the background was spectacular but I could not Find myself in the picture. I looked and looked and finally got out a magnifying glass.To my horror, I found this woman with a face and body that looked like it was 100 Pounds overweight. I fell off the chair I was sitting on  and began to cry. My body resembled an oversized blimp that would takeoff should a heavy wind arise... it was HIDEOUS!  I had mirrors in my house but most of them were designed to only reflect from the waist up and I honestly hadn't noticed that my cheekbones had totally disappeared and that my face looked like a shapeless clump of flesh.
Well, I was in a terrible situation and I was at a loss as to what to do. My willpower, well, Basically Sucks and I had so- so -so- much weight to lose that I wasn't sure I'd live long enough to get it all off. Plus, I hate diets and can only stick to them for a very short period of time before I fall off the food Wagon and I always hated to work out!!!  My goal to slim down seemed totally hopeless.
AND THEN IT HAPPENED.  I received fabulous information about a product called Beverly Hills fat burners. It seemed to contain everything I needed. ; It curbs your appetite, increases energy, burns fat at the fastest rate possible, no special diets are required, you don't have to exercise. It Doesn't make you feel nervous AND Its ALL-NATURAL WITH NO ADVERSE SIDE EFFECTS. It also was priced well below other products and I received a second bottle for being afirst time customer.  I figured that if it didn't work I wouldn't be out much money.  It also has 100% money back guaranteed. It's been about 5 weeks now but I swear I'm beginning to look like that famous movie star. My cheekbones are absolutely glorious.  I have dropped 4sizes and I see the
results each and every day.
I swear I look like a new person and a good one at that. I promise you that this product works. It does everything it promises and then some. Just losing the weight alone, makes you feel so much better and younger. It puts zest back into your life and assures you that you'll achieve your weight loss goals. In another few 6 weeks I will reach my goal...something I had given up on a long time ago.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR PRODUCT.  I FINALLY FOUND SOMETHING
THAT REALLY WORKS.
PLEASE CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW FOR MORE INFORMATION:
  Should you need to unsubscribe, please call
  Within the UK: 0845-127-5586
  Outside The UK: +44-845-127-5586
  Under Bill s.1618 Title III passed by 105th U. S.
  Congress this mail can not be considered Spam as
  long as we include contact information and a
  remove link for removal from our mailing list.
