
@_date: 2012-08-04 12:58:51
@_author: Moxie Marlinspike 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
I've noticed that this discussion has a tendency to be framed in terms
of the crypto primitives.  The core problems, as I see them, are
actually somewhat unrelated to whether it's possible to efficiently
perform cryptographic operations in JavaScript or not.  In my reading,
this blog post seems to imply that the recent decisions CryptoCat has
made are a result of that question, but my understanding is that they're
actually fairly unrelated.
A W3C standardized Crypto API, or a browser extension that acts as a
generic crypto provider, are a little too myopic to fully address the
fundamental question of the interaction between dynamically loaded JS
and the user's interface to their browser.  The problem isn't so much
whether JS can perform a cryptographic operation, but whether the user
knows that it is, to what extent, to whom, and what *else* the JS is doing.
The questions that CryptoCat has brought up for me are:
1) How does one create a webapp that provides client-based cryptography,
without the security of that app simply being reduced to the security of
SSL?  If every time I initiate a chat session, it's a JS app that I'm
loading over SSL, any attacker who could intercept that SSL connection
(a lot of people today) would be able to intercept the contents of that
chat session simply by modifying the JS in transit (so that it sends the
attacker a copy of the plaintext, etc).  Doesn't matter whether the
crypto primitives are good are not.
2) How does one create a webapp that provides client-based cryptography,
without the security of that app simply being reduced to the security of
server-based cryptography?  If every time I go to encrypt something
client-side, I have to ask the server for the JS to perform that
encryption, it's reducible to trusting the server with my plaintext.
The server could choose, at any time, to hand me JS that appears to be
performing encrypted operations, but is also transmitting a copy of the
plaintext as well.  Again, this doesn't depend on the existence of solid
crypto primitives.
3) Is there any value at all to "warnings" that are placed on tools for
providing secure communication or privacy, and is there something we can
do better or instead?  These types of warnings are beginning to suffer
from a "certificate warning" effect.  Users are so accustomed to seeing
them that they ignore them.  Even Tor, which has been around for years,
and is widely recommended for use in a number of dangerous situations,
still comes with a warning about its beta nature.  In some sense, it's
possible that a "warning" is now almost an incentive for someone to use
that tool in a hostile context: people who are serious about security
put warnings on their tools, while charlatans wouldn't be so inclined.
4) How do we experiment with security/privacy solutions?  If we don't
have all the answers, but want to attempt to start a discussion or an
effort in a specific direction, what do we do?  If we do it in public,
chance are that people might actually start using our solution (perhaps
proportionate to the number of warnings we include!), or reporters might
start writing articles with shamefully ridiculous headlines about it.
- moxie

@_date: 2012-08-08 08:38:10
@_author: Moxie Marlinspike 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
I don't think anyone is saying we want an "ultimate solution."  We have
a set of technologies that we're trying to replace with a more secure
solution (GChat, Facebook, etc...).  It's as simple as looking at the
attack vectors that we're concerned users will experience with these
existing web-based chat solutions and asking the question of whether
CryptoCat improves on any of them.
Again, as I see it, there are three possible vectors for attack with
existing web-based chat solutions:
1) SSL intercept.
2) Server infrastructure.
3) Operator.
These are not theoretical, pie-in-the-sky vectors.  These are things
that are actually happening, are within the state of the art of an
average adversary, and are within the scope of what this type of
technology problem could potentially address.
My analysis is that the CryptoCat technology does not improve any of
these three vectors, and in fact might make the user more at risk to
compromise through  and  than with existing web-based chat solutions
(GChat, etc...).
So again, I don't believe that those of us who have concerns about
CryptoCat are asking for a "bulletproof vest."  We're not demanding the
"ultimate tool."  To use your analogy, I'm looking for a bulletproof
vest that's at minimum not rated *worse* than GChat, and ideally is
rated some degree higher.
- moxie

@_date: 2012-12-23 13:29:34
@_author: Moxie Marlinspike 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Skype redux 
Depends.  RedPhone's audio quality is (in general) substantially better
on Android than Skype's has been.  Skype's desktop audio quality is
probably better than RedPhone's, however.
I see this more as a desktop vs. android thing rather than a skype vs.
redphone thing.  Low-latency audio on Android is just hard, particularly
over mobile data networks.  It is true, however, that Skype has a much
larger engineering team than we do.
I like to think that RedPhone is getting better all the time, but if
this is something that you or anyone on this list is interested in, we'd
obviously welcome help improving things in any way that you can
contribute.  Please don't be shy about filing issues in the GitHub issue
tracker for the project, even if they are user experience type things
rather than strictly bugs.  We need the feedback.
I agree that it's a problem.  I've pointed out before that user
expectations for these types of apps are set by things like WhatsApp,
which is an entire company focused *just* on a single chat app, with an
engineering team that is larger than the number of developers in the
whole "privacy enhancing technology" community put together.
I think there are at least a couple of trends working in our favor though:
1) Mobile apps are a huge opportunity for us.  It's difficult to do much
in the security/privacy area strictly within the browser, and the
barrier to installing native desktop apps is high enough that you need
something like the network effect of skype to make it happen.  The
barrier to having users install mobile apps is much lower, and what we
can do within that framework is much greater.
2) Infrastructure continues to get easier to deploy, manage, and scale.
 As depressing as it is that there are companies developing insecure
communication tools with engineering teams larger than our entire
community, there are also examples of very small teams that have done
some really highly scalable stuff.  The engineering team at Instagram,
for instance, was quite small.  They were able to leverage AWS to scale
up without many problems, while focusing most of their effort on user
experience and core features.  Right now RedPhone has a global set of
POPs deployed that offer less than 100ms RTT to a relay from almost
anywhere in the world, and we don't have a dedicated infrastructure
team.  That would have been really hard to do in the past.
- moxie

@_date: 2012-10-11 11:46:49
@_author: Moxie Marlinspike 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Silent Circle Dangerous to Cryptography 
This is also not going to be technically possible in a mature product.
If all servers were located in Canada, that would mean two people having
an encrypted conversation in Europe would have an additional 300ms
latency added to their call.  Getting low-latency audio working on many
mobile platforms is extremely difficult, even when you don't have the
network working against you.
- moxie
