
@_date: 1994-04-05 15:24:51
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Bekenstein Bound (was: Crypto and new computing strategies) 
> If you accept the universe as unbounded then you have to throw out the Big
 > Bang and much of conventional physics, including large parts of what you
 > are trying to prove. I think you may be confusing the notion of "unbounded" with the notion of "finite".  The Big Bang is perfectly consistant with the notion of a finite but unbounded universe.  On a completely different note, physicists were planning to rename the event which created the universe after complaints from feminists that "Big Bang" was a sexist term.  Does anyone know what new name was ultimately selected?

@_date: 1994-04-08 12:25:02
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Today cryptography, tomorrow ?? 
Does this mean we will soon be seeing Julf in chains on the evening news
with his coat over his head? After all, the United States long ago awarded itself kidnapping priveleges against anyone it claims has violated US law, with no concern for the laws of the country in which the person resides.  Just ask Manuel

@_date: 1994-04-10 22:40:43
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: TCMay's posting on zero knowledge, last year 
Perhaps one could adapt this approach to demonstrate to someone that you
know the factors of a certain PGP public key.  You blind the factors,
commit to the blinded values, and present the product to your opponent. He chooses to have you either factor the product or unblind the
modulus.  Do this a sufficient number of times and one can be pretty certain the key has been compromised.
Of course it would probably be simpler to simply decode a message encrypted with the public key as proof that you are in possession of the factors, but this idea struck me as kind of cute.

@_date: 1994-04-11 19:01:49
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Classic Math gone wrong...Re: (n!+1)^(1/2) 
The product of a bunch of primes plus one is not necessarily prime.  It
just contains a prime factor not in the primes multiplied together.  When
looking for a large prime number in some range of integers, it is
computationally more efficient to simply strobe upwards from some starting
point testing for primality than it is to try to generate the prime
directly using a mathematical formula.

@_date: 1994-08-01 12:48:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: GAK 
Shouldn't that be "Federal Usage of Cryptographic Keys"?
(learning to hate 1200 baud)

@_date: 1994-08-02 06:28:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
The behavior of the Branch Davidians towards their children is well
documented, both by child welfare workers in Texas and by sworn
testimony of former members.  "I've lived in Texas and therefore none of this is true..." is neither relevant, accurate, nor compelling.
The Branch Davidians were proclaimed "cleared" of charges of child abuse by Texas authorities in the presense of physical evidence which
would have been considered abuse in most other states.  Declaring that one has lived in Texas does not change any of this, nor
does it change the well-documented statistics on corporal punishment in
the Texas public school system, in which Texas is the nation's leader.

@_date: 1994-08-02 07:30:54
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
Absolutely nothing.
I wasn't aware that child welfare workers and former Branch Davidians
were members of the ATF.
One mother reported that Koresh ordered her to spank her one year
old baby with a wooden paddle and wouldn't let her stop until the
child was bleeding.  This was because the child had cried while Koresh was giving a sermon.  I see no "restraint" or "compassion" here.
The ATF was completely unjustified in their assault.  That, of course,
does not refute any of the charges that the Branch Davidians were not
particularly nice to the younger members of their congregation.

@_date: 1994-08-02 12:42:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Truth, Justice, and the Waco Way 
Events like Waco and the Persian Gulf War, in which an
authoritarian superpower obliterates a mostly harmless and
largely defenseless group of people, translate with relative ease
to the cyberspacial realm.
Seems like a valid Cypherpunks topic to me, so I will take a
crack at responding to the following message
 > Am I the only one that's struck by the similarity between
 > the propaganda about the Waco massacre and the propaganda
 > preceding the Persion Gulf massacre?
Not at all.  We should remember Herbert's Two Laws here.
       1.  All governments lie.
       2.  If you think you have found a counterexample,
           please reread law number one.
Also worth remembering is the old saying that "a liar who lies
one hundred percent of the time is unlikely to be a successful
The trick, therefore, is learning to separate the lies from the
truth in a mixture of both.
The quintessential lie from the Persian Gulf War was of course
the memorable "baby incubator" story, recited tearfully on the
floor of the Congress by a supposedly uninvolved eyewitness who
later was revealed to be the daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador.
The alleged events, which never happened, turned the tide in
Congress with regard to support for the war.
Of course lies abounded in the Waco case as well, with Koresh
being portrayed as a heavily armed lunatic yearning to fulfill
Biblical prophecy by perishing in battle with all his followers.
In reality, they simply wished to live their lives and be left
The pitfall here, which is to be avoided, is to start
characterizing every negative thing said about the folks in Waco
or Iraq as false, or to start suggesting that negative comments
are a ploy to absolve government of all responsibility for what
took place.  Some of the negative things said in both these cases
were certainly truthful.
For instance, political opponents of Saddam Hussein in Iraq
certainly had a markedly shortened life expectancy, and the
Branch Davidians certainly took a Biblical fire and brimstone
approach towards signs of independent thought or action in their
offspring.  Not a reason for lots of people to be killed, but not
a reason to recommend their canonization either.
The lesson to be learned here is that societies based on a
diffuse "Web of Trust" organization are far less dangerous than
those based on a powerful centralized authority.  A powerful
centralized authority inevitably devolves into interacting with
its subjects using the protocol...
           Do What We Say Or We'll Kill You!
Or in its more tasteful two-part form...
           1.  Do What We Say.
           2.  You're Under Arrest, And If You Resist,
               We'll Kill You.
At that point, Wars, Wacos, Encryption Bans, and BBS Porno Show
trials lurk just around the corner.

@_date: 1994-08-02 14:11:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Uniforms, Authority, and System "X" 
> It's a much more general phenomenon that that.  Two or
 > three years ago, two doctors working for the National Health
 > Service in the northeast of England began applying new
 > diagnostic techniques routinely while examining children.
 > They found that some children had been sexually abused and
 > the children were taken into care.
The same thing happened in the United States a number of years
back.  Sex abuse "experts" began taking note of microscopic
abrasions and other signs of wear and tear on the genitals of
children who had been sexually abused.  They found that almost
all children who had been sexually abused showed such signs and
wrote lengthy papers on the subject.  They also appeared in court
with impressive diagrams and pointers and expounded at length
about the new "scientific evidence of abuse."
"So and so", they would proclaim, "showed a thickening of the
skin" or "a small scratch" which obviously proved something
sexual and inappropriate had taken place.  Lots of people went
straight to jail.
Then the scientists happened to examine a population of children
who had not been sexually abused and to their horror, they showed
the same statistical incidence of such findings as the "abused"
children did.  Mostly from normal self-exploration and play with
other kids their own age.  There was gigantic embarassment all
around and the scientists retreated.
Looks like England is going through the same learning curve.
 > The people at the center of the affair never saw that they
 > were wrong.
Well, there is a certain professional humiliation factor to be
contended with here. :)
 > It's not just the US government.
Most of the really goofy stuff along these lines seems to happen
in the US and Great Britain.  Other countries participate
occasionally, like Italy.  The Scandinavian countries and the
Netherlands seem mostly immune.
 > Personally I believe that some fraction of the population is
 > authoritarian in temperament and some fraction is credulous,
 > and that these attributes are uncorrelated and distributed
 > at random. The credulous authoritarian types can be very
 > dangerous.  They like uniforms.
Back during the "Gays in the Miliary" flamefest, someone wrote a
very funny parody suggesting that membership in the Republican
party was genetically determined.
I personally believe there is a large correlation between
genetically determined personality traits and an attraction to
right wing political thought.
All right wing memes seem to have as their underlying
reproductive mechanism the following schema...
      A.  Doomed are those who do not embrace System "X"
      B.  Anything I do to cause others to embrace
          System "X" is justified.
The classic Christian case is of course Pascal's Wager, where
avoiding any finite probability of eternal damnation outweighs
the benefits of agnosticism not only for oneself, but for the
rest of humanity as well.
It would seem quite likely that such anxiety-producing logic
would thrive best in a mind that is already predisposed to some
degree of nervous excitement and insecurity.

@_date: 1994-08-03 08:46:16
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
jkreznar at ininx.com (John E. Kreznar) asks:
 > Mike Duvos, how I wish I had the time to try to understand
 > how you reconcile these seemingly incompatible sentiments!
 > How can you achieve ``egalitarian societies with strong
 > social safety nets'' without using ``powerful centralized
 > authority''? As a proponent of ``high taxes'', how can you
 > also favor strong cryptography?  Do you doubt that
 > expropriating ``high taxes'' from your neighbor will be made
 > more difficult in a world with strong cryptography?  In
 > view of the natural diversity among people, how can you
 > achieve an ``egalitarian society'' without someone who says
 >``Do What We Say Or We'll Kill You!''?
Excellent questions!
I view society as a collection of services provided to
individuals. Things like education, housing, medical care, food,
legal services, locating appropriate employment, and others.  To
the extent that these services are provided in an efficient
manner at a reasonable price, citizens live well.
I also think these services should be provided by the private
sector and not by any centralized government.  In fact, I think
the centralized government should be as small as possible and
reduced primarily to ceremonial functions.
An egalitarian society can then be achieved by simply not making
certain groups of people, like the young, exceptions to the laws
which protect everyone else, and giving them equal access to the
courts and other social institutions.  Egalitarianism should
always be approached by providing "equality of opportunity" and
never by legislating "equality of result."
Taxation should be small, uniform, and applied to transactions
and never to the earnings of individuals.  Income tax is not
necessary to generate revenue and exists primarily to justify
government snooping into the private business of citizens and
secret police organizations like the IRS.  A VAT would do the
trick nicely and could be easily built into the DigiCash system
of the future.
I also favor a small guaranteed annual income which would allow
citizens to live just slightly better than they do in prison.
Incarceration can never be a deterent if it is a step upward in
ones standard of living, something the US seems to have lost
sight of.
As for strong cryptography, it should be unrestricted and used
whenever approprate.  If individuals wish to go to the trouble of
avoiding taxes setting up secret businesses that encrypt all
transactions, more power to them.  The small number of people who
will bother to do this will not have any real impact on taxation.
If taxes are reasonable and the money is used for things that
people support, people will be suitably incentivised not to avoid
Thus strong crypto, egalitarianism, less government, and
tolerable taxes can all live happily together in our future.

@_date: 1994-08-03 13:56:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
> (Good sentiments about small government elided....)
 >> Taxation should be small, uniform, and applied to
 >> transactions and never to the earnings of individuals. ... A
 >> VAT would do the trick nicely and could be easily built into
 >> the DigiCash system of the future.
 > Not the untraceable cash systems most of us are interested
 > in, that's for sure. Since transactions between "Alice" and
 > "Bob" are invisible to outsiders, and they may not even know
 > the identity of the other, then it's hard to imagine how the
 > Tax Man interjects himself.
The theoretical possibility of untraceable cash systems and the
absence of legal sanctions against those who use them do not
imply that such systems will become the standard in the future.
Even in the obnoxious political climate which prevails in this
country today, strong crypto is in the hands of only a few
percent of the citizens.  In a society with a "user-friendly"
government, most people wouldn't even be interested.
If given a choice between ordering a pizza by clicking ones air
mouse while tuned to the Pizza Channel, and ordering one via
Tim's Strong Crypto Pizza Service in order to avoid a small VAT,
most people will choose the easy way.
A good analogy to this in our current society is the enforcement
of copyright laws.  Most people buy paperback books instead of
xeroxing them because they are reasonably priced and it isn't
worth the aggrevation.  If paperback books cost $100, this would
no longer be the case.  Most people buy computer software priced
under $100 instead of copying it from a friend because they get a
nice set of bound printed manuals.
Network shopping services which use strong crypto and
non-standard DigiCash protocols to avoid a painless VAT will have
poor propagation, limited access, negative PR, and few customers.
It's like trying to set up your machine on the Internet without
using TCP/IP.  Few people will take the trouble to talk to you
and you won't be able to talk to anyone else. Sure you could do
it, but why bother?
 > Unless of course some "escrow" system is mandated, and
 > independent schemes are extirpated ruthlessly. Not a pretty
 > sight.
Neither of these things will be necessary to get the majority of
the population to use the default means of doing things.  You
greatly underestimate the power of human sloth.
 > In the crypto anarchist future I envision, this will never
 > happen. Mike and his friends are of course free to donate
 > some or all of their earnings to provide a "guaranteed
 > annual income" for others, but not me.
Again Tim and his friends are free to conduct all their
transactions via unbreakable protocols of their own construction,
avoid all taxes, and do business only with others who cooperate.
As long as the percentage of similarly minded individuals is
appropriately small, it has no real effect on society and
probably costs a lot less than an enforcement agency would.
Of course Tim won't be watching HBO or Showtime, shopping with a
major credit card, or helping his broker churn his account at
Smith-Barney.  Not my problem.
You are never going to get the majority of people in this country
to agree to design the default protocols for commerce on the Net
with the specific intent of making it possible for people to
avoid taxes using strong cryptography.  You'd have more luck
persuading them to tear up their health insurance or burn down
their houses.
 > Huh? This paragraph does not compute.
I seem to have accidently deleted a word somewhere.  Oh well.
 >> Thus strong crypto, egalitarianism, less government, and
 >> tolerable taxes can all live happily together in our future.
 >In your dreams.
Many good ideas have started with dreams.  Benzene rings, for

@_date: 1994-08-03 16:05:26
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
> Not that I wanted to get in to this, but Mike was begging
 > for it.
 > If I told you that I could save you tens of thousands of
 > dollars a year just by using some simple to use software,
 > would you do it? Well, if you had some simple to use
 > software system that allowed you to escape from the above
 > ground economy, you could personally save tens of thousands
 > a year.
I am not convinced such software exists, that most major
businesses would offer to interface with it, or that it would of
necessity be "simple" or "easy to use".  Once standards are
created for commerce over the Net and the collection of the VAT,
you are pretty much locked into using them if you wish to do
business with any vendor of significant size.
 > What makes you think the VAT will be small?
Bear in mind we are talking about a Utopian society of the future
with a downsized government.  Trying to support the current level
of wasteful government spending from a VAT would send people
fleeing for the borders.
 > What makes you think it will be inconvenient? I know of two
 > pizza places in Manhattan where they very likely don't pay
 > taxes and where you can also buy drugs.
I know of some places on the Internet where I can chat with
people using a version of Unix talk which encrypts.  But if I
want to talk to some random person, I am probably stuck with
using the default version which does not.  I have little hope of
convincing people to make the encrypted one a standard, in spite
of the fact that all they would have to do is spend a few minutes
to FTP it.
Encrypting everytime I use "talk" is therefore somewhat
inconvenient.  A complete escape from the above-ground economy in
a society heavily dependent on electronic transactions would be
even more so.  Again, you are free to try, but most people
probably won't bother.
 > The underground economy in the U.S. is huge -- enormous, in
 > fact. Most of us interact with it every day without even
 > realizing it. As a small example, the clothing manufacture
 > industry in New York survives on illegal factories running
 > almost entirely underground. Ever tip a waiter in cash? Ever
 > pay for a haircut in cash? Ever make a purchase from a Mom &
 > Pop grocery in cash?
The size of the underground economy is largely a function of the
repressive and outrageous monetary and tax system we have in this
country. When families can barely make ends meet with all the
adults working multiple full-time jobs, there is an enormous
incentive to shave costs.
In a society where taxes were managable, and put to a use all
citizens felt was worthy, such forces would be much less and
there would be enormous peer pressure on individual citizens to
do their fair share.  Kind of like the days when income tax was
two percent and functioned on the honor system.
Just decriminalizing drug use and the sex industry would get rid
of a very large chunk of the underground economy.
 > Tim will likely pay his broker to churn his account in
 > Switzerland and do just as well. He'll have a credit card
 > from a bank in the Bahamas. He'll probably do just fine
 > watching HBO and Showtime, too.
The majority of US citizens who use local financial services and
get their cable TV through a wire from the street will generate
all the revenue we need.  We could even give Tim a guaranteed
annual income.

@_date: 1994-08-03 19:44:51
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
[other excellent stuff elided]
 > Imagine if the government stopped trying to force people to
 > join it. Or imagine if they tied decision making power to
 > how much you pay in taxes. The more you pay, the more say
 > you get. After accepting the idea that government is a
 > product by which you get the warm fuzzies of giving to
 > society, government could make itself into a more desireable
 > product by undertaking changes like these. The possibilities
 > are endless in this reguard. Its very easy for me to imagine
 > a government in cyberspace which is substantially more
 > successful at collecting taxes than the IRS.
The notion of government as a product which must compete on an
equal footing with others in society definitely wins "Nifty Idea
of the Week" in my book.
Reminds me of something TS Eliott once said.  "If only we had a
system so perfect it did not require that people be good."
Perhaps "government in cyberspace" will be the first working
example of this paradigm.

@_date: 1994-08-06 09:08:35
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: fast 386 DES code figures 
> I've completely translated the encrypt and decrypt routines
 > to assembler, with no calls or jumps inside either routine.
 > I picked up Richard Outerbridge's seriously clever initial
 > and final permutation algorithm from Schneier, along with a
 > few of his other tricks.
I should confess that I am probably the only person on the list
who has not yet read Schneier.  So I apologize in advance if the
following comments turn out to be redundant.
 > What still bugs me is that Schneier lists the speed of one
 > commercial DES implementation as 40,600 encryptions/sec on a
 > 33 Mhz 486.  I just don't see how that's possible without
 > using a lot more memory for lookup table space (I use only
 > 2K, which is nice in a DOS environment).
Since 2k is exactly what is needed for a precomputed table which
combines the S-boxes and the wirecrossing, I will assume this is
the approach you used.
Given this data structure, there are a number of cute tricks
which will get DES down to around 30 machine instructions per
each of the 16 rounds on a machine with enough registers and a
decent set of addressing modes.
The important trick is to reorder the S-boxes so that you do
lookups on the odd numbered ones and the even numbered ones
separately.  (1,3,5,7,2,4,6,8) works nicely.  This permits the
results to be ORed together in two groups of four with all the
necessary indexing held in a single 32 bit register, which can be
appropriately repositioned each time.  The precomputed key
schedule needs to be adjusted to reflect the new order.  Note
that with this ordering, the blocks of six bits used for lookup
are byte aligned if you consider the even and odd S-boxes
If you store the upper two bits of lookup table addressing in the
precomputed key schedule and shift both it and the right hand
block left two bits, all explicit table indexing vanishes and you
can accumulate the result of a lookup with a single indexed OR
I'm not sure what 30-something instructions per round translates
into for a 33 Mhz 486, but 40,600 encryptions per second doesn't
sound too outrageous using the above approach.

@_date: 1994-08-09 07:38:34
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: <null> 
The age of sexual consent in the Netherlands is 16.  However, there was a reform of the penal code a few years back which prohibits
prosecution between the ages of 12-16 without a formal complaint
being filed by the minor or the minor's parent or guardian.  So for consensual relationships with minors with enlightened parents,
the effective age is really 12.
Pornography featuring performers under age 16 is also illegal, but
only production and trafficking is criminalized, private possession is not.  There have been a number of recent court cases which have
set liberal precedents for child porn laws in Holland, such as the right of research organizations like university libraries to be exempt
from the laws.  Also, if the material doesn't show actual sex taking place, it is probably legal in Holland unlike the United
States, where anything vaguely "suggestive" can get you in trouble.

@_date: 1994-08-15 23:06:33
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
> I would encourage people *not* to do "Yet Another Digicash
 > Experiment."
 > We've had several, and the problems of digital cash lie in
 > the *launch* of viable, robust systems, not in casual,
 > doomed-to-not-be-successful efforts. (Pr0duct Cypher's
 > "Magic Money" system was considerably better programmed than
 > most such experiments, and yet nobody would bother to try to
 > use it. A less here.)
I haven't seen a Tacky Token in months, although there was quite
a bit of activity when I first made my server available. Although
I haven't heard how the other servers are doing, I would expect
interest has trailed off there as well.
The problem with practical digital cash lies not in the
mathematics, but in the financial and legal arenas.  It is very
difficult to convince a real financial institution with deep
pockets to underwrite a potentially unlimited liability for
itself.  I suspect that for the forseeable future, digital cash
will take the smartcard route, and that money which can
anonymously traverse cyberspace in large denominations will not
be forthcoming.
It is also unlikely that faith of financial institutions in
supposedly unbreakable mathematics has been enhanced by the
recent one-line fix announced for the DSS.
Still, I look forward to the first person brave enough to attach
a hard currency value to anonymous cyberbucks.  It may actually
make hacking a worthwhile pursuit again.
-----Begin Totally Unrelated Topic-----
BTW, Thinking Machines Inc. went Chapter 11 today and dismissed
one third of its work force.  They are blaming the end of the
Cold War for their problems.

@_date: 1994-08-16 09:21:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
[Nice discussion of portfolio management elided]
 >> It is also unlikely that faith of financial institutions in
 >> supposedly unbreakable mathematics has been enhanced by the
 >> recent one-line fix announced for the DSS.
 > I don't think this is really a problem. It's just as if
 > somebody had figured out how to counterfeit money cheaper.
 > Countermeasures are taken and it isn't cheap anymore. The
 > neat thing about strong crypto is that it's strong in spite
 > of public algorithms. People who crack those algorithms
 > publish their results, or someone else will. The half-life
 > of a hidden innovation in that kind of environment is pretty
 > small.
Ordinary counterfeiting is analog.  Close inspection will always
reveal differences which can be used to distinguish fake money.
Counterfeit anonymous DigiCash, on the other hand, is
indistinguishable from the real thing.  If a bank is signing
blinded notes for customers and has underwritten to exchange for
cash any note bearing a verifiable signature, a cracked signature
algorithm is a very serious matter indeed.
The half-life of such an innovation could be practically forever,
as long as the discoverer does not get greedy and his siphoning
off of value remains hidden in the daily float.  By the time the
bank realizes that there seems to be much more ecash in
circulation than they have issued, the perpetrator is likely to
be long gone and the bank is likely to be kaput.
If I cracked such an algorithm, publishing would be just about
the last thing on my mind.
Worst case scenario:
        Chemical bank announces "ChemCash", anonymous untracable
        Internet currency.  Within 5 years, billions are in
        circulation, and all good citizen-units buy everything
        through the Web Shopping Network.  Chaum wins the Nobel
        Prize in Economics.
        Chemical Bank Auditors notice that the books are looking
        funny, or at the very least, statistically strange.  It
        is estimated that there are several tens of billions of
        dollars more ecash around than the bank has issued.  Bank
        is insolvent.
        Congressional hearings.  Government bailouts.  Ecash
        falls from grace.  Chaum joins inventor of lobotomy
        in Nobel Prize "Hall of Shame".
        Billionaire hacker Emmanuel Goldstein publishes his
        long-awaited memoirs from his estate in Argentina.  He
        titles the book "How I Proved NP=P and Kept My Mouth
        Shut".
"Hey - It could happen!"

@_date: 1994-08-25 07:41:17
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
The media was making a big deal last night about the seizure of twenty pounds of U-238.  This, of course, is the non-radioactive
isotope of uranium in which trade is relatively unrestricted.  It does
make excellent shell casings and has a few other mundane industrial I wonder why the issue of bomb parts is now being given such a
huge push in the press?

@_date: 1994-08-25 09:33:55
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
>> The media was making a big deal last night about the
 >> seizure of twenty pounds of U-238.  This, of course, is the
 >> non-radioactive isotope of uranium in which trade is
 >> relatively unrestricted.
 > Its plenty radioactive. It just isn't fissionable. Not all
 > isotopes are fissionable.
Uranium is not particularly radioactive, being a long lived alpha
emitter.  This is true of plutonium and some other fissionable
materials as well.  I can handle clad uranium or plutonium
reactor or bomb components in complete safety with no protective
clothing needed. The only hazard is from ingestion of the
material, or from accumulation of decay products such as radon in
a badly ventilated area.
Workers in nuclear fuel fabrication facilities have been known to
use small disks of plutonium sintered into a ceramic base as
poker chips.
Although U-238 can decay both by spontaneous fission and alpha
emission, its astronomically long half-life of many billions of
years results in a very low level of radioactivity for both these
modes of decay.  For all practical purposes, we may consider it a
stable isotope.
 >> It does make excellent shell casings
 > Actually, depleted uranium tends to be used in place of
 > lead in rounds used for things like Phalanx (sp?)
 > anti-missile gattling guns. Its also used in some sorts of
 > armor. I don't think anyone in their right mind would make a
 > shell CASING from it.
Uranium is used in munitions because of its mass, which allows it
to go through less massive materials like steel or concrete like
a hot knife through butter.  It is used both for bullets and
shell casings.  Especially anti-tank rounds and shells designed
to penetrate hardened military facilities.  The idea is that the
uranium penetrates the armor and the charge then explodes once
the round is inside.

@_date: 1994-08-25 13:50:39
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
> I was told by what I considered to be reliable sources that
 > plutonium was extremely toxic.  Upon reflection, I am sure
 > that this is the word that was used: toxic, not radioactive.
Plutonium-239 emits alpha particles, which are helium nuclei, at
an energy of approximately 5 MeV.  Such particles are bulky and
can be stopped by a few centimeters of air, or a thin piece of
paper or metal foil.
In order to cause damage, alpha emitters like plutonium must come
in intimate contact with a material, such as the tissues of your
lungs or bones or the inside of your favorite memory chip.  A
billionth of a gram of plutonium inhaled or swallowed is
something to seriously worry about, but you can hold a lump of
the stuff in your hand as long as it is covered with a leakproof
cladding or vitrified into a ceramic.
It is in this sense that plutonium is extremely toxic and
hazardous to the environment, while at the same time not being
particularly radioactive.  Heavy shielding is not required
between you and it.
Of course once fissionable fuels are irradiated, they become
extremely radioactive due to a wide spectrum of short-lived
fission byproducts and then require precautions when they are
 > By "clad", do you mean coated in lead?
No - the desired properties of cladding are resistance to
corrosion and heat, as well as a low absorption cross section for
thermal neutrons.  We're talking about materials like zirconium
and iridium here, as well as specialized alloys of stainless

@_date: 1994-08-25 18:23:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
> My understanding is that the heavy metal toxicity of Pu
 > exceeds the radioactive toxicity by several (10?) orders of
 > magnitude.  In other words, the fact that Pu is an alpha
 > emitter is irrelevant to the risk -- it's simply like lead
 > poisoning only several billion times worse.
 > Simple arithmetic yields that the amount of alpha exposure
 > from a billionth of a gram of an alpha emitter with a
 > half-life measured in thousands of years is infinitismal.
The danger stems not from the radiation effects of the alpha
exposure, which are not significant, but from the fact that
continuous long term internal exposure will eventually cause your
cells to undergo malignant transformation.  This may take several
decades, but it will kill you just as surely in the end.
With regard to this risk, internal contamination with even a
billionth of a gram of plutonium is something to worry about.
Some believe, for instance, that a good part of the risk of lung
cancer from smoking comes from inhaling alpha-emitting isotopes
of polonium and other elements that are concentrated by the
tobacco plant.  I don't know enough about this theory to agree or
disagree with it, but it has been around for a number of years.

@_date: 1994-08-26 20:24:20
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Online cash, Internet, Pizza Hut 
Yes.  This embarrassing little programming exercise may be enjoyed
by connecting to   You first enter your name,
address, and phone number into a form.  If it is within their delivery area, you can enter pizza information on a subsequent form.
If not, you have the option of pretending to order a pizza on
a demo form.  The whole thing is pretty lame.

@_date: 1994-12-01 22:38:31
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: public accounts / PGP / passphrases 
> Could someone please elaborate on the foolishness of using
 > PGP with a passphrase on a public machine (as I do) ?
It is not secure to use your private key on a machine that you do
not have physical control over.  It is probably secure to store a
passphrase-protected private key on such a machine, as long as
you do not feed it into a program which decrypts it.
 > Am I wrong in thinking that my secret key is useless to an
 > intruder until she guesses my passphrase ?
Or monitors your keystrokes as you type in your passphrase, or
watches your address space as PGP uses the key, etc etc...
Given the state of Unix security, I would certainly not want to
type my passphrase into a Unix box unless I was the only user,
was directly connected to the box through a wire I could see, and
had just done a fresh boot after verifying the MD5 hash on all
the OS binaries.
Not likely to be the case at your average public installation.
 > I have no net access except via an account on a public
 > machine, so I'm not about to start storing my secret key
 > elsewhere, but I'll change my passphrase to  if it's
 > irrelevant anyway.
Having a passphrase will protect against casual acquisition of
your private key, but only physical security when the key is used
will protect you against a determined opponent.
As long as I am typing, permit me to add my two cents to the
"digital signatures on the list" flame war.
Like many proponents of strong cryptography, I rarely use it in
everyday life.  I occasionally encrypt personal mail to friends
overseas when I know it is going to take numerous hops over
insecure links en route, and I will digitally sign mail or Usenet
articles if I want to say something that I consider important in
a way that cannot be altered or spoofed.  This happens rarely.
I would consider having to digitally sign everything I post to
the list, no matter how frivilous, the moral equivalent of being
allowed to speak only while under sworn oath.  Now oaths and
notaries are certainly useful things in appropriate places, like
courtrooms and lawyers offices, but I don't think any of us would
care to live our lives having our every utterance subject to
their certification.
It would certainly not aid our cause to have the government be
able to point and say - "Even the cypherpunks make people
digitally identify themselves when posting messages to their
list" - while at the same time attempting to explain to people
why we aren't happy with Chaum's less than anonymous ECash or Web
sites that require registration and personal information before
permitting access to privacy-related material.
The Net, like life, offers a certain plausable deniability in
what has been said, and who has said it.  Some of the best
messages on the list in past years have been Tim's witty and
entertaining spoofs of his ideological opponents.  Let's save
absolute certainty about the real or pseudo-anonymous identities
of speakers in this forum for times when, in the sole opinion of
the person posting, such certainty is deemed necessary.

@_date: 1994-12-06 16:35:38
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: AABBS Conviction relation to child porn? 
> There is hoopla over the convictions of those who ran the
 > Amateur Action BBS.  The actual charges involve stuff that
 > sounded like it was intended to be distributed as child
 > pornography. The indictment described the offensive material
 > being destributed as follows in each count:
I think you have your wires crossed here.  There was no claim
made that the models were underage in any of the erotica you
cite. The material was deemed to be obscene because it depicted
things such as incest, bestiality, foreign object insertion,
piercing, and other non-mainstream sexual themes.  Everyone was
over 18 in all the pictures you mention, and the only material on
the BBS which depicted children was legal nudist material scanned
from reputable sources.
Since the original complaint from the "outraged citizen" which
prompted the investigation and subsequent entrapment was about
nudist GIFs, which were perfectly legal, one might argue that the
obscenity charges were just an indirect way to nail AA for daring
to have nude kid pix available on their BBS.  Certainly there are
plenty of places in Tennesee where "specialty" erotica can be
purchased which are not being prosecuted with similar zeal.

@_date: 1994-12-11 12:32:45
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Storm Brewing Over Forged Bob Rae Posting? 
> Now all the lame press (and some even LAMER USENET readers) are screaming
 > foul. I bet there will be renewed interest in the cypherpunk remailer's in
 > the next few days :>
I suppose this means we need strong laws against "message laundering."

@_date: 1994-12-30 18:34:10
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: New GNFS Factoring Record 
Arjen Lenstra posted an article in sci.crypt earlier today
reporting on the factorization of a 119 digit number using the
General Number Field Sieve.
This is a new record factorization for the algorithm, surpassing
the 116 digit number factored in July of this year.
I would encourage anyone interested in factoring to read the
article, which I will not waste bandwidth by quoting here.  A few
of the more interesting points follow.
Lenstra estimates that GNFS would have factored RSA-129 in
approximately one-quarter of the time employed by the QS
algorithm used for that task a while back.
100,001 primes were used for the rational factor base.  360,001
were used for the algebraic factor base.  Sieving took
aproximately 250 MIPS years.  Selection of the polynomial
took three days on a DEC 3000.  The factorization was found on
the third dependency.

@_date: 1994-02-12 10:11:10
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: PGP 
Could someone EMAIL me where I could get a copy of PGP for my Netcom
account?  Thanks.

@_date: 1994-02-18 10:35:48
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Digital Money 
I would like to take issue with the recently expressed opinion that
digital cash is not money, but merely a mechanism for communicating
What does it mean to mint money?  In the traditional sense, it means
to issue something only you can produce, and guarantee that it will be
accepted for some sort of goods and services.  In the case of paper
money, this takes the form of a printed document which is moderately
difficult to forge, and which can be exchanged for goods and services
of various kinds.  Since the issuing agency, usually a government, is
presumed to exercise prudent financial management to prevent the
currency's value from decreasing, and is likely to be around for a
long time, such cash can be hoarded with little risk.
In making the transition from paper cash to digital cash, only one
thing changes.  It is now the information which represents the money,
not the document itself.  Since such information can be easily
replicated, spent banknotes must be carefully documented and the
issuing institution must allow each banknote to be spent exactly once.
Cryptographic signatures and authenticity verification provide
excellent protection against forgery.
But these differences are minor ones.  Banknotes which have been
communicated to you through a secure channel, and whose contents have
not been disclosed to any third party, should be for all practical
purposes identical to cash.  Digital banknotes issued by a national
government should be just as good as physical banknotes printed by a
national government.
Most of the objections to using digital cash for other than immediate
transactions stems from issues related to trust in the issuing
institution.  One would certainly have less faith in a newly formed
digital bank operated through a string of anonymous remailers than one
would have in digital currency issued by Citibank or Chase Manhattan.
But given an issuing institution of unquestionable trust, there should
be no significant difference between digital cash and real cash, and
storing it for indefinite amounts of time on a floppy in your pocket
should be completely risk-free.

@_date: 1994-02-20 12:26:58
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Blacknet trademark offence. 
How embarrassing!  I had completely forgotten about the FIDO Blacknet
which is carried by a large number of BBS systems both in this country
and abroad.  These people must now be extremely pissed and running to their lawyers
in droves.  Oh well. :)

@_date: 1994-02-25 12:55:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Compiling Magic Money Under BC++ 3.1 IDE 
Earlier this morning I grabbed the latest version of Magic Money
from csn.org and compiled it under the Borland C++ 3.1 IDE. Since
the Borland C compiler is one of the more paranoid ones around, I
thought I would briefly list the things I had to do in order to
get zero warnings and zero errors.
The sources I started with were MGMNY10E.ZIP and PGPTL10C.ZIP.
After  MSDOS you will find that it is a good idea to
  in almost every module.  This prototypes
quite a few of the commonly used functions which would otherwise
cause the compiler to complain.  A few modules will require
, , and  since they call functions in
these modules which are not in  or .
The C library function "randomize" is defined in . This
conflicts with the Magic Money function of the same name which
initializes the MD5 based RNG used to generate coin ids. I
changed the name of the Magic Money one to "random_init".
There is no prototype for pgp_randombyte.  Since this function
returns "byte", not "int", this could be painful on any compiler
which treats these types of function returns differently.
Complete prototypes for (*output) and (*lookup) need to be
provided in the function header of pgp_check_sigs and also for a
different function pointer (*output) used in PGPKGEN.
The Borland compiler always warns on "if (a=b)" because it
assumes the user mistyped "if (a==b)".  To get rid of the
warning, you have to say "if (0!=(a=b)) which is optomized out by
the compiler.  This occurs in a number of places, including the
macro for multiplication mod 65537 in idea.c.
There is a reference to an undefined pgp_pubkey in fifo.c which
goes away if you  "pgptools.h".  You then also have to
toss in "mpilib.h" and "md5.h" to make "pgptools.h" happy.
It appears that mpilib.c has been persuaded to compile the UPTON
modmult instead of the SMITH modmult.  Unfortunately, there are a
few modules which fail to  the definition of UPTON and
still call stage_smith_modulus and smith_modmult.  Sticking in a
 to UPTON at the top of "mpilib.h" fixes this.
The conditional code which allows prior definition of external
versions of mp_setp, mp_addc, mp_subb, mp_smul, and mp_rotl
written in assembly language for some strange reason causes the
compiler to generate externals to _P_SETP, _P_ADDC, _P_SUBB,
_P_SMUL, and _P_ROTL instead of _mp_setp, _mp_addc, _mp_subb,
_mp_smul, and _mp_rotl in modules which reference these routines.
It does not seem to have this effect in mpilib.c where these
routines are defined.  Deleting the corresponding  cures
The compiler correctly points out that pgp_extract_rsa never uses
the variable "pk" passed to it.  At the cost of a few machine
cycles, you can silence the compiler by putting "pk=pk" as the
first executable statement in this function.
The function pgp_randombyte hashes a variable "time" without
first initializing its value.  It might be nice to change "time"
to "timestamp" and do a "time(&timestamp) unless it was the
authors intention to utilize uninitialized memory.  If the server
is executed more than one time within a second, it can generate
indentical random values.  This could be a problem when
batch-processing mail. Including a fast timer register in the MD5
hash in addition to the time of day in seconds would likely
eliminate this risk.
The program uses "safemalloc" and "mm_safeopen" to access memory
and files, but does a very large number of "fread" and "fwrite"
calls without checking to see if they completed successfully.  A
"safefread" and "safefwrite" might be a good idea so the server
does not continue happily on as the hash file fills up the disk.
I was thinking I might put the DOS executables for Magic Money in
my FTP directory, in case anyone wants to play with them but
doesn't wish to compile them from source.  Send me some mail if
you would like me to do this.

@_date: 1994-02-25 16:51:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Fun With Magic Money 
Fun With Magic Money
                    --------------------
If anyone wants to play, I have placed DOS executable binaries of
the Magic Money client and server programs compiled under Borland
C++ 3.1 using the large memory model and 8086 mode in
file for my server's key.  The name of the bank is "Magic Money
Test", the currency is "Tacky Tokens", and is minted in
denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 units.
I will batch all my mail with the subject "Bank" together at the
end of the day, download it, and run it through my server.  I
will send 100 complimentary Tacky Tokens to the first 10 people
who mail my server.
I will run stuff through the server for at least the next few
days by which time everyone will probably have set up their own
server and I will no longer be required. :)
I have played with the binaries a bit on my system and nothing
horrible has happened, but as is usual with foreign object code,
there is a small but finite possiblity that it could bomb your
system badly and eat your hard drive.  I would recommend that you
back up anything important before playing with this code and of
course no warranty is made, other than the usual one about taking
up space on the disk.

@_date: 1994-02-26 01:06:15
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Magic Money Comments 
Yes, but it needs to say "byte pgp_randombyte(void);" instead of
just "byte pgp_randombyte();".
No - it is fine.  This is simply a list of what it takes to
eliminate all warnings from Borland.  It is certainly ok not
to do this.  Even PGP generates quite a few warnings while
Yes - I didn't notice all the various knobs and dials in
PLATFORM.H until after I wrote that message.  I needed to
define a few more things.
I am running on a 33 mhz 486.  While MPILIB does indeed take
seconds to perform the required arithmetic, it builds its
operations from an O(N^2) multiply algorithm.  A "fast"
algorithm would speed things up considerably.
Just exiting with an error message would be fine.
You are welcome.  I'm not sure I have actually set up a
server aside from the purpose of exercising the code for a
few days.  Hopefully others will grab the executables and do
something a bit more permanent.

@_date: 1994-02-28 23:03:34
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers Revisited 
> Investigators determined the message originated at the UI, and a
 > computer trace identified Reincke as the apparent author, Hulin
 > said.
Obviously Mr. Reincke did not encrypt his message with PGP and
chain it through the correct number of anonynous remailers. :)

@_date: 1994-07-11 09:48:52
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Supposed NSA turncoat reveals monitoring of anon remailers? >pshah!< 
> I believe this to be a forgery of course, but it might be
 > of interest anyway.
 >> I am a pro-privacy political sabatour within the NSA.  I am
 >> warning all new users of anonymous mailers about NSA traffic
 >> watching.  We listen to all messages passing through certain
 >> intermediate nodes and compare them with messsages leaving
 >> anonymous services. We are able to trace 70% of all
 >> messages.
This doesn't seem too unreasonable even if the writer only
imagines he is working for the NSA.  The Anonymous Posting
Service at Penet is vulnerable to a number of tricks which might
be used to disclose the identity of posters.  I have always
regarded it as a handy tool for people wishing to maintain a
small degree of privacy while posting on sensitive or
embarrassing topics.  I certainly wouldn't use it to threaten the
President or trade plutonium futures.

@_date: 1994-07-13 23:20:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: PGP bastardization (fwd) 
Tom Rollins expresses his astonishment:
 > I was shocked to receive an E-mail from Phill Zimmermann.
 > I have pieced together a multiple cipher that consists of the
 > chain IDEA-TRAN-IDEA-TRAN-IDEA. Where IDEA is the same IDEA (128
 > bit key + 64 bit IV) algorithm that pgp uses and TRAN is a byte
 > transposition across the 4K buffer block (each tran uses 32 bit
 > key). Thus giving this multiple cipher a keyspace of 640 bits.
Can you spell O-V-E-R-K-I-L-L?  This might be an interesting
homework exercise but even 128 bits of keyspace is nowhere near
being exhausted by the set of passphrases contemplatable by the
average human.  Bigger is not always better or more useful.
Phil comments as follows:
 > PGP's reputation, and my repuitation (which is tied to
 > PGP), depends of people trusting the quality of encryption
 > algorithms and protocols that I have carefully selected for
 > PGP, using all of my knowledge and experience.  If someone
 > were to put a new encryption algorithm into PGP without my
 > permission, it could serve to tarnish the reputation that
 > PGP has earned over the years.
I have to agree with Phil here.  While the guts of PGP are
extremely useful for building other crypto applications, we
should avoid using the name PGP for anything other than the
products given that name by Phil and his assignees.
Otherwise, PGP's reputation will almost certainly be diluted by
association with large numbers of derivative applications, which
although useful, have not already proven themselves over time in
the same way that PGP has.
A good example of this is the popular disk encryption utility
which uses an MD5 passphrase hash and IDEA/CFB encryption similar
to PGP's conventional encryption mode.  As "Secure Drive", it is
a valuable addition to our privacy arsenal.  Calling it
"PGPDrive", on the other hand, would not have been a good idea.
We do not need a zillion other products with names like PGPPhone,
PGPTerm, PGPmail, and numerous hacked versions of PGP itself
floating around if we are to keep PGP synonymous in the public
mind with a single unambiguous gold standard for privacy and strong crypto.  What Tom has done may or may not be a good idea, but he should call
it something that doesn't have PGP in the name.
TomCrypt perhaps? :)

@_date: 1994-07-13 23:36:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: PGP bastardization (fwd) 
I'm not so sure.  The code was released under the GPL.  The names PGP, Pretty Good Privacy, and Phil's Pretty Good Software were not.  People can make anything they want out of the code, as long as they also release it under the GPL and call it something else.
Doesn't seem like a major artistic limitation.

@_date: 1994-07-29 14:17:43
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Q: Chaum style blind signatures? 
> Could someone please explain what is a "Chaum style blind
 > signature" and how it can be used? I looked in all the FAQs
 > on rtfm.mit.edu and could not find anything about this.
 > P.S. I've seen the term used in a document claiming these
 > can be used for untraceable e-cash
Given a pair of RSA keys (e,n) and (d,n), the owner may sign a
number x by computing x^d mod n using his private key.  In real
life, x usually consists of a message digest and a small amount
of constant information.  This prevents the product of two
signatures from also being a valid signature.  Anyone may verify
a signature by performing a similar operation using the public
key and recovering x.
Blind signatures allow you to obtain a signature from someone
without disclosing to them what they are signing.  You pick a
random number r and ask the signer to sign x*r^e mod n.  Since r
is arbitrary, this tells the signer nothing about the value of x.
When the signer gives you back r*x^d mod n, you simply multiply
by the multiplicative inverse of r mod n to obtain x^d mod n, the
signed message.  The signer still has no idea what he has signed
and cannot recognize it later if he sees it.
This allows untraceable digital cash, since the bank can sign new
notes for customers that it cannot later recognize.  It has other
interesting uses as well.

@_date: 1994-07-31 10:20:54
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
> A society that forceably prevents fundamentalists from
 > brainwashing their children also has the right tools to
 > keep me from explaining to my children why government is
 > evil and why there is no god.
The cure for brainwashing is not to silence the brainwasher, but
to make sure the intended victim is exposed to a wide variety of
other viewpoints.  We can cure the children of Fundamentalists
quite easily without preventing their parents, or you for that
matter, from expressing any point of view you choose.  Truth
usually wins over bullshit when both are equally illuminated in
public view.
I would certainly oppose any law which said that parents could
completely control a minor's access to information in order to
make sure that the parent's perspective was the only one
Very young children need to be protected from graphically violent
material which they might find disturbing.  Other than this, I am
not sure any censorship on the Net is appropriate.
Kids experiencing the Net for the first time are perfectly safe
if they follow some simple guidelines.
     1. Never give out personal information like your name,
        address, or phone number to strangers.
     2. Check all information obtained from the Net with a
        trusted person before acting on it.
     3. Change the channel if someone interacts with you in
        a way you find crude and offensive.
One should remember that a kid sitting in his living room at a
computer is perfectly safe in physical sense.  There is nothing
bytes of data can do to harm him.  As long as he does not
volunteer inappropriate information to strangers, he can cruise
to his heart's content without fear of unwanted consequences, and
learn all sorts of interesting things in the process.
 > I oppose any attempt to prevent free speech on the net in
 > order to cater to the needs of fundamentalists, but I also
 > oppose vehemently any attempt to make them conform in the
 > education of their children with YOUR view of what is right
 > and wrong.
I certainly agree with this in terms of the censorship issue.
 > I feel that it is perfectly fine if they produce bowlderized
 > and censored net links for their kids -- I just don't want
 > them changing the structure of everyone else's life in order
 > to do it.
They can just use America Online.  It comes pre-bowlderized and
pre-censored right out of the box.
 > Mr.  Zooks has a perfect right to raise his children any way
 > he likes that is not inconsistant with the wishes of his
 > children, and I do not want to see you or anyone else
 > telling him what to do, just as I do not want Mr. Zooks
 > telling US what to do.
It's the wishes of the children that tend to be overlooked when
the Funny Mentalists are having their legislative orgy.

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:09:09
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
>> Very young children need to be protected from graphically
 >> violent material which they might find disturbing.  Other
 >> than this, I am not sure any censorship on the Net is
 >> appropriate.
 > It's exactly this tone that I'm afraid of.  Need?  In who's
 > opinion?  While I might agree that children shouldn't
 > indiscriminately be seeing potentially disturbing material,
 > the way that I'd state it is: "I'd like my children to be
 > protected from graphically violent material".  Note that it
 > would be *my* children that *I* want to protect.  And I
 > have the means to handle that.  Not that I have kids, but...
 > It's insidous, the ways that morals get turned into law
 > and regulations.
Young kids have the same feelings looking at realistic
depictions of violence in movies that they would have looking at
the real thing.  This is true even if they intellectually grasp
that what they are viewing never really happened.  Many movies we
wouldn't think twice about can cause children intense emotional
The critical faculty needed to gate such feelings situationally
develops at different ages in different children, but is
generally well-developed by the age of 12.
Many other countries simply rate movies by specifying how old
you have to be to see the movie.  These ratings are made by
experts who understand the effects various types of imagery are
likely to have on young viewers.  A typical blood and guts
adventure film might get a rating of 12.  Something really gross
would probably get a rating of 15.  Sometimes movies are
completely banned in certain countries, like "Predator II" in
Norway.  Note the absence of any mention of parents in the
In America, where everything about kids is really about parental
power, we have a completely silly ratings system full of phrases
like "Parents Strongly Cautioned" and "May Be Inappropriate." The
effect of all this is that a parent can take a 6 year old to
"Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and put him in therapy for the rest of
his life, but a 16 year old can't even go near a movie which
doesn't star Bambi without dragging some generally unwilling
adult along.
No one gets protected from anything and the system exists
entirely as an parent ego-boosting exercise.

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:30:16
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
> This won't cut it. No outsiders can interfere with how I
 > raise my children, in terms of the views I expose them to.
 > ("Public schooling" is not the issue, as children can be
 > sent to Xtian, Buddhist, Adventist, or whatever
 > schools,...so long as minimal standards are met. There is no
 > requirement for ideological or memetic balance.)
 > I reject the notion that the state needs to intervene in
 > families in order to make sure that balanced and
 > appropriate views are provided.
This notion that the state is not permitted to interfere in the
workings of the family unit can work both ways.  It can also
suggest that no outsiders can intefere in the way you treat your
wife, or when your children get large and muscular, how they
might decide to "raise" you.  Too bad when they decide that
paying the nursing home to pamper ol' Grandpa Tim is dipping too
deeply into the family vacation budget.
Social Darwinism carried to its logical extreme is not a pretty
sight, even for one fond of viewing the misfortune of others as
"evolution in action."
 > Practically, any system such as Mike proposes above would
 > fail. Parents have control over the reading material of
 > children. Ditto for television, movies, etc.
Parents have control in the home.  Children have access in lots
of other places, like libraries, which have historically resisted
any attempt to censor any but the most egregious reading material
based solely on the age of their clients.
 > We saw this idea that "parents cannot force their children
 > ..." reach its fruition in the Branch Davidian case, where
 > the BATF had to burn the children in order to save the
 > children.
Had it not been for the fact that having children covered with
scars, welts, and bruises is not considered child abuse in the
state of Texas, all the children would have been removed from the
compound prior to the raid, and only the adults would have been
Family interference cuts both ways.
Besides, if kids were twice the size of adults and had six inch
fangs, you wouldn't hear any of this "can't interfere in the
family nonsense." Parents would demand 24 hour in-home protection
from the state and raise taxes to pay for it.  Most such rhetoric
is just an excuse for parents to impose their will on people who
cannot yet defend themselves.

@_date: 1994-07-31 14:50:58
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
Did he enjoy the part where Arnold shoved the metal rod up the
guy's nostril and out the top of his head?  Will you be upset
if they try this at home?
Probably not.  Is there anything you wouldn't expose a pre-teen to, just out of curiosity?  Japanese soldiers bayonetting babies?
Hardcore S&M gay porno?  Roseanne naked?
Why am I getting the feeling that there are no limits at all here?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1994-07-31 16:14:51
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
> Please, Mike, let's not resort to winning arguments with
 > comments such as yours above.
I'm not sure why suggesting that many parents would agree with
the views recently expressed by you about controlling their
childrens' access to the media is a comment you take offense at,
what it has to do with "winning" one way or another, or why you
would characterize those having an opposing point of view as
 > I think I was reasonably polite in my response to you, even
 > foregoing my intended spoof (along the lines of Christian
 > Fundamentalists demanding the right to speak to the children
 > of Heathens and Jews, a point consistent with your point
 > that parents have no right to stop such sources of outside
 > information).
I wouldn't really have a problem with children hearing the views
of Christian Fundamentalists, as long as participation wasn't
obligatory, and it wasn't a state-sponsored event.  If the
children were teens, I would feel quite uncomfortable with the
notion of parents having the power to deny them access to such
 >> Social Darwinism carried to its logical extreme is not a pretty
 >> sight, even for one fond of viewing the misfortune of others as
 >> "evolution in action."
 > Personal attacks are not welcome on this list, Mike. Not by
 > me, at least. If you persist, your comments will get no
 > further answer from me.
No personal attack intended.  I am a strong supporter of
egalitarian societies with strong social safety nets, and think
that youth emancipation will likely be the next big civil rights
movement in this country.  I am also willing to pay high taxes in
order to feel secure that all citizen-units are suitably housed,
well-fed, and taken care of.  This is entirely self-serving on my
part, since it cuts down on social unrest and street crime.
 > My children are not allowed to visit public libraries, as I
 > dislike having them exposed to the collectivist ideas
 > therein. When they have read all the books in our home,
 > preferably twice, then perhaps I will allow them to visit a
 > library. I also school them at home. Perfectly legal.
I spent a large part of my childhood in university libraries and
learned a lot more from the books they contained than I ever got
out of the decaying public school system.  I'm sure I would have
been outraged if anyone had ever suggested that such information
be forbidden me solely because of my age, or the wishes of my
I can only hope that the preceeding was another one of your witty
parodies.  I've never met a parent before who would forbid their
children access to a library.
 > Anyone who supports censorship of one view or another, who
 > supports forcible intervention in family and group culture,
 > probably will not care for the inevitable implications of
 > strong cryptography.
Au contraire.  I view strong crypto as a liberating influence on
everyone who is a member of the aforementioned families or
groups. strong crypto = absolute personal privacy.
I think the transition to an information-based economy will
result in a fundamental reorganization of who wields power in our
society.  In the future, all information will be available to
everyone and a 30 year old might have no advantage over a 12 year
old in his ability to create wealth.  This is certain to effect
major alterations to the power balance within families.
In times in the historical past, young people began closely
associating with adults at a young age and were able to function
as adults by the time they reached their early teens.  As society
became more complex, and a lengthy education was required to do
anything useful, childhood was extended and children were
disempowered in order to better serve the ever-growing and
all-powerful educational cabal.
This process has now peaked, and our society is filled with 35
year old college educated children who can't afford to move out
of their parents homes.  A reversal is iminent, aided by the
explosive growth of personal information technology, and public
education as we know it is heaving its last dying gasp.
All positive signs, IMHO.

@_date: 1994-07-31 17:09:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
> If I find that the children of fundamentalists are being
 > "cured" I will move my ammo stash from my garage to hole in
 > the hills, and take my gold out of the safety deposit box,
 > and add booby traps to my alarm system.
Children are "cured" of their parents' ideas all the time. I've
known lots of kids who grew up in restrictive settings where
their access to forbidden ideas was tightly controlled.  After
four years at college away from parental influence, they were
magically transformed into happy free-thinking sensible people.
 > It is completely impossible for a private person to insulate
 > his children from opposing views.  Only the state has that
 > kind of power.
If it's impossible, then why does such outrage manifest itself
when it is suggested that it shouldn't be done?  Something is
fishy here.
 >> Very young children need to be protected from graphically
 >> violent material which they might find disturbing.
 > I gather you do not entirely trust parents to perform this
 > important social activity.
There's always one loony toon who wants to screen all five
volumes of "Faces of Death" for his son's kindergarten class. :)
Teaching kids is sort of like feeding them.  In general, we let
the parents make the day to day decisions.  But we also let
experts research what things are toxic and hold parents
accountable if they insist upon feeding the kid lemon scented
furniture polish.  Both approaches are needed.
 > Who is more likely to care about the welfare of a kid?
 > A fundamentalist who happens to be the kids father, or
 > bureaucrat in charge of child welfare?
This is a trick question, right?  Caring counts for zip.  The
road to Hell is paved with good parental intentions.  Suppose the
fundamentalist father wants to beat his six year old son with a
belt everytime he touches himself to save him from Satan's
influence?  A little bureaucratic input from a child welfare
professional might not be a bad idea in such a case.

@_date: 1994-07-31 17:11:21
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
> Raising kids the way you believe is all part of the 1st
 > amendment. When then state starts telling you how to raise
 > them(as it already is in some states) then you have just
 > lost one of your greatest freedoms and rights.
The constitution has no age limit on the basic rights it
guarantees.  It is only by interpretation that these rights have
been transformed into "adult rights", a term just as obnoxious to
many as "white rights" or "men's rights" were when those
interpretations prevailed.
Your right to do whatever you like to your children stops where
their constitutionally protected rights begin.
I'm all in favor of an uncensored Net but I am also in favor of
guaranteed access to that Net for all citizens, including young

@_date: 1994-07-31 17:33:21
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
Perry E. Metzger  > Why do you have such an unhealthy fascination for how
 > others raise their children? I have enough trouble running
 > MY own life without telling people what to do.
I merely wish to spare another generation of kids from 18 years
of grief at the hands of self-righteous power-hungry adult
authority figures.  Not exactly an unreasonable goal.
 > I know of no one who is such a paragon of perfection that
 > their views may be used as a benchmark by which all child
 > rearing may be judged.
A generally true, but completely irrelevant statement.
 > I believe in open access to information for children and a
 > far more liberal view of the rights of children than most
 > people have.
 > Live and let live, I say. I don't want others judging my
 > child rearing, and I have little or no desire to judge
 > theirs. Leave them be unless their idea of discipline for
 > hildren involves The Rack or The Firing Squad.
The first paragraph here, although it sounds nice, is completely
obliterated by the second.
It like saying "I'm all in favor of rights for Blacks, but of
course I wouldn't presume to tell anyone else what they can do
with their niggers."
Or "I'm really against anti-Semitism, but I have no desire to
judge anyone elses practices with regard to hiring, housing, club
membership, or whether they would want their sister to marry
Saying you are for childrens' rights on one hand, and then
suggesting that those rights should be completely dependent on
whomever the specific child happens to win in the parent lottery,
is idiotic and useless.
 > I suspect that when I become a parent, any law that could
 > be used to "cure" the children of fundamentalist christians,
 > Amish, etc, would be applied to mine right off the bat --
 > after all, I'm a dangerous man.
We're talking about Net access here.  How would a law which
guaranteed that to all citizens, regardless of age, threaten you?

@_date: 1994-07-31 18:30:11
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children, the Net, and Dead Modems 
My Zoom 14.4k modem just caught on fire.  Therefore, there will
be a sudden interruption of my participation in our friendly
Sunday afternoon flame war on children, the Net, and other
related issues.
I found an 11 year old Hayes Smartmodem in a heap of junk in my
closet.  I think it will do 1200.
This is the second time my Zoom modem has burned up unexpectedly
after being replaced under Warranty, in case anyone is thinking
of buying one.

@_date: 1994-07-31 18:40:53
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
These facts were well documented.  Child welfare workers visited the
compound and examined the children.  Signs of previous physical
punishment were noted as well as a room devoted to that purpose and
the appropriate paraphernalia.
A doctor at Baylor University Medical Center was asked later why this didn't cause the removal of the children, and said that while
such behavior would certainly be considered abuse in a medical
sense, it did not meet the legal definition of abuse according
to the laws of the State of Texas.
Texas, of course, is the leader on the national corporal punishment
bandwagon and dishes out over 250,000 state-sponsored beatings every
year in its public school system.  So far all efforts to ban the practice have been successfully opposed by the teachers union.

@_date: 1994-06-02 10:11:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pedophiles in Cyberspace 
> The WSJ op ed page today has an article on the 1st
 > Amendment in Cyberspace by Stephen Bates that focusses
 > (analytically) on pedophiles and Usenet.  It is not
 > hysterically negative but discusses the "downside" of our
 > technology.
Just what the world needs.  Another reporter who spends a short
time on Usenet and emerges to proclaim to the clueless masses
that the Internet is bursting at the seams with child porn GIFs
and that the pedophiles are frolicking uncontrollably.
While it would be difficult to list all the inaccuracies and
misstatements of fact contained in Steven Bates' WSJ article in a
single message, the following leap out at even the most
inexperienced Internet user.
The newsgroup, alt.sex.pedophile.mike-labbe, originally formed to
discuss the legal problems of a BBS Sysop, is almost dead and
averages no more than a few posts a week.  While pictures are
occasionally posted, they are almost without exception art taken
from legal sources.  While some messages have been posted which
might seem to solicit illegal activity, such messages are
regularly flamed by other readers of the group, and illegal
activity is discouraged.  Calling this group "alt.sex.pedophile"
and characterizing it as the Internet's official distribution
point for illegal child porn is a gross misrepresentation of
The newsgroup, alt.sex.intergen, formed to discuss issues
surrounding intergenerational relationships, including those
between adults and minors, is represented as a place where
pedophiles congregate to plot their evil deeds.  But discussion
of the sexual rights of minors is only one issue covered under
the alt.sex.intergen charter and it would be ludicrous to suggest
that pedophiles are the only people to whom such issues are
important.  You don't have to be a member of a sexual minority to
find fault with American sex and censorship laws, and such issues
are discussed by people representing all ages, sexual
orientations, and professions.  Taking a few lurid-sounding
quotes out of context from many months of postings does little to
correctly convey the tone of this newsgroup.
Mr. Bates repeats the popular myth that Europe is some bastion of
readily available child porn easily accessed via the Internet.
This is simply not the case.  All the European and Scandinavian
countries now have laws against distributing such material with
severe penalities for violations.  With the large number of
American net.cops trolling the Internet looking for illegal
pornography and the cooperation of foreign law enforcement
agencies in shutting down sites, no such operation could stay in
business for long.
The comparison the article makes between "advocating pedophilia"
and Holocaust Revisionism should be equally offensive to Jews and
non-Jews alike.  Suggesting that teenagers should have the right
to choose their own sexual partners cannot be compared to denying
the deliberate killing of six million men, women, and children.
Dr. Fred Berlin, who should have known better, is quoted in the
article as suggesting that people in general, and pedophiles in
particular, are prone to do in real life everything they
contemplate in fantasy.  Since the world of fantasy is largely
devoid of the moral and social inhibitions which constrain our
real-world behavior, this is unlikely to be the case.  Since Dr.
Berlin is the world's foremost authority on the treatment of
paraphilias, we should give him the benefit of the doubt and
assume he was either quoted out of context, or like Ken Udut,
deliberately misled as to the purpose for which his comments were
being solicited.

@_date: 1994-06-02 12:49:48
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pedophiles in Cyberspace 
> Mike Duvos says:
 >> Just what the world needs.  Another reporter who spends a short
 >> time on Usenet and emerges to proclaim to the clueless masses
 >> that the Internet is bursting at the seams with child porn GIFs
 >> and that the pedophiles are frolicking uncontrollably.
 > I must disagree. His analysis that discussion by pedophiles
 > on alt.sex.intergen is likely 100% covered by the first
 > amendment was a statment we would all agree with.
Mr. Bates lukewarm acknowlegement that the First Ammendment
protects such discussions hardly mitigates his other inaccuracies
and in any case, is not at odds with my statement above.
 > I'd say his article was more on the lines of "here are
 > problems" not "here are problems -- lets regulate the net".
 > He didn't appear to be advocating any new laws or law
 > enforcement activities.
No.  He was just attempting to convince the numerous readers of
the Wall Street Journal that Usenet has a "child porn newsgroup"
filled with the stuff and accessible to everyone on the net.
Once this incorrect notion is sold to the American public, new
laws will follow of their own accord, without need of any further
help from Mr. Bates.
 > I thought that the article was a bit of a downer, but it was
 > hardly horrifying. Indeed, I'd say it was quite well
 > written.
Only in the sense of being grammatically correct.

@_date: 1994-06-03 23:53:01
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pedophiles in Cyberspace 
Are you referring to those places in the world with an order of magnitude less violence, child abuse, rape, and poverty where young people have a reasonable degree of sexual autonomy and the prosecution of real sexual abuse is not encumbered by having to pay lip service to a massive right-wing religious crusade?
Perish the thought that these values might someday be exported into the United States, or that our own pedophiles might be permitted contact with them.  It's much more healthy to leave them all unhappy, embittered, suicidal and feeling "not ok".
I am reminded of an exchange a while back between someone in the Netherlands and someone in the states on the topic of attitudes towards pedophilia.  The Dutch gentleman asked the American whether he would rather his teenage son have a relationship with a "happy well-adjusted pedophile" or an "angry depressed pedophile".  The American, characteristically, replied that his preference would be "A Dead Pedophile".
Needless to say, this remark quickly killed any further discussion of the
topic. :)
My own opinion on the subject is that the social contract between America and certain of its sexual minorities could use some improvement.  Contact with places that do things differently is a positive force for change, not something to be feared.  Fred Berlin is no John Money.  (With apologies to Dan Quayle)
Personally, I wouldn't want to live in a country where anyone, regardless of their interests, was denied the opportunity to discuss them with others without a psychiatrist present to tell them what to think.  This is camel's nose under the tent talk.
My objections to the article are straightforward.  First, discussions of pedophilia are hardly some sort of case study to demonstrate the limits to which the First Ammendment can be stretched.  Far worse things are protected by the First Ammendment in our country.
Fully half the article is based on the mistaken notion that the newsgroup a.s.p.m-l is actively distributing illegal child porn to everyone over the Internet.  This is a group almost no one posts to, and aside from an occasional David Hamilton photograph and numerous clueless newbies on a quest for the fabled non-existant mother load of Internet porn, would not be used at all.
The article is extremely value-laden and in my opinion prejudiced.  It's always open season on pedophiles.  Had any more mainstream sexual minority been subject to this kind of bashing, or had its name used interchangably as the name of a crime, we would have seen the ACLU and Queer Nation ripping bricks out of the Wall Street Journal building on the evening news.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1994-06-06 15:51:07
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Crypto Home Shopping Network 
I noticed a little blurb on the Business Wireservices today
stating that a company named "Digital Delivery" has licensed
technology from RSADSI for a turnkey CD-ROM software catalog
called "CD Product Portfolio".
The product is supposed to permit a company's most valuable
software and intellectual property to be browsed, ordered,
unlocked, and installed from CD-ROM with "absolutely no worry
about hacking or unauthorized use."
The product is based on BSAFE and uses the RSA Public Key
Cryptosystem and the RC4 stream cipher.
Now the interesting part is that this product has been granted
commodity jurisdiction from the Department of Commerce and will
be be allowed to be EXPORTED outside the United States under
license, permitting foreign customers to create encrypted
software catalogs and make use of this distribution mechanism.
Through the magic of RSA encryption, a given program or image (!)
on the CD-ROM will only be released after the browser has
actually ordered and paid for the product.
Do you think this crypto is "strong"?  I am not familiar with
RC4, but it would seem unlikely that it is both hack-proof and
exportable at the same time.  Cost considerations probably
preclude encrypting CDs individually with different keys, so it
is difficult to see what prevents disk owners from communicating
keys to one another for the purpose of unlocking software.  This
idea of mass-produced CDs might nicely dovetail with DigiCash to
enable the complete electronic purchase of programs without the
necessity of having a high-bandwidth connection with the seller
to transfer the software to ones own machine.
Given the extensive "Threat of Crypto" propaganda we have been
hearing from government minions lately, it is very nice to see
the government pushing us towards a future where we may buy all
sorts of interesting things from foreign mass-produced encrypted
CD-ROMs with anonymous DigiCash, all in complete privacy.
Thank-YOU Big Brother. :)

@_date: 1994-06-11 16:16:16
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
Here is a simple problem.
Late one night, Bob discovers a clever new method of factoring
large products of distinct odd primes.  Bob may now perform such
factorizations in only a few hours for numbers up to 1024 bits on
his trusty old 486.
Bob spent a lot of time coding and testing his new algorithm, and
wishes to recover some of his expenses by factoring a few RSA
keys for well-to-do clients. Bob wants to do this without
disclosing his identity, so a certain evil three-letter agency
will not cover him with rubber hose marks trying to learn how his
algorithm works.
Alice is the CEO of a company who suspects PGP-encrypted mail is
being used by an employee to transfer trade secrets to a foreign
competitor.  Alice would pay any amount of money to read this
mail and confirm her suspicions.
Alice is a potential client for Bob.  Now for the hard part...
How does Bob make Alice, and other potential clients, aware of
the service he wishes to offer?
How do Bob and Alice conduct business anonymously while making
absolutely sure that neither is spoofing the other?  Alice needs
to know Bob isn't lying about being able to factor.  Bob needs to
know Alice has the means to pay him before he cracks a key.  Bob
and Alice need to exchange a factored key for money with no
chance that either will back out at the last moment and try to
steal from the other.
How much work should Bob expect to come his way if he charges $10
a bit for his factoring service?  $100 a bit?  $1000 a bit?
Comments anyone?

@_date: 1994-06-11 20:35:16
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
> Of the several problems stated above, I find the pricing
 > protocol the easiest to deal with. There are a few things
 > that need to be known. For example, what is the complexity
 > of Bob's algorithm? Does it do it in polynomial time or
 > (even better) some variant of logarithmic time? The cost
 > should bear relation to this fact.
[Thud](Sound of Bruce Henderson fainting) This is an interesting
perspective.  I would find myself arguing almost the opposite. It
would seem to me that the price one charges for a product or
service should depend only on its value to ones clients.  Not
upon ones cost to produce it.
If the value of your product to your customers is $100,000, then
the price should be $100,000 regardless of whether it costs you
$1 or $10,000 to make.
 > The cost should also be related to the number of bytes in
 > the message.
I'm not sure about this either.  A short message about a hidden
bomb which reads "under your chair" is infinitely more valuable
than a lengthy message containing the last six months of postings
to rec.pets.cats.
Once Bob gives Alice the factors, all messages encrypted with
that RSA public key can be decrypted, so the number of messages
and the length of each aren't really an issue. Bob could keep the
factors and sell Alice the plaintext of individual messages, but
this requires a continuing business relationship which the
anonymous Bob may not want.
If the messages contain confidential information, Alice may not
want Bob to see them.  Since Alice is paying Bob big bucks to
factor the key, it is unlikely Alice would agree to let Bob keep
the factors to himself.

@_date: 1994-06-12 08:31:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
> If Alice wants proof that Bob can factor large numbers,
 > Alice should generate many of them - say, 1,000,000 of them.
 > She sends them to Bob and says "Hey, factor one and send me
 > the results as soon as you're done." The chances are 1 in
 > 1,000,000 that Bob is giving away a useful service for free
Bob is now doing at least twice as much work as before.  He is
factoring a random key and a real one for each customer he does
business with.  Since the existance of a breakthrough in
factorization is certainly of interest to people who do not want
keys factored, Bob will get lots of requests from the curious,
who have no interest in buying his services.  Should he prove to
someone in the academic community that he can indeed factor keys,
people would simply stop using RSA and Bob's economic future
would be bleak indeed.
Bob needs to charge a lot for his services, and not give free
demos.  The protocol needs to require that the customers commit
to the fee before Bob demonstrates his talent.  This will
discourage enquiries by the frivilous.
 > What they both need are trusted friends, attorneys, or
 > agents - Bob puts an ad in the newspaper, saying "I can
 > factor big numbers. Contact me through my attorney - her
 > name is [...]."
Gaaak!  All these people.  You are making Bob paranoid.  Bob is
definitely not going to put an ad in the paper.  His customers
are foreign and domestic law enforcement and intelligence
services and corporate security folks.  Bob wants to keep an
extremely low profile with the Great Unwashed.
Isn't there some way for Bob to conduct business using the
remailer at Hacktic and anonymous DigiCash(TM)?  Bob does not
wish to find himself at the bottom of a large body of water
wearing concrete galoshes.  Bob wishes to factor a few numbers,
transfer the money offshore, and retire without the general
public being aware that RSA has been compromised.
 > I don't have a damn thing to do with either law enforcement
 > or the intelligence community, but I bet that folks would
 > be willing, upon occasion, to pay between $100K and $1M for
 > factorizations of other folks' RSA private keys. The trend
 > towards civil forfeiture of "drug money" will probably lead
 > to higher prices for key factoring - folks who could factor
 > big numbers might even be able to negotiate for "points" of
 > the gross take, rather like big-name actors/directors or
 > sports figures.
I agree.  I think that $100 a bit would be an extremely
reasonable price for factoring a 1024 bit modulus.

@_date: 1994-06-13 22:56:20
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: (None) 
I can't seem to find any newsgroups on Netcom containing "numbers"
in the name.  Should I complain?

@_date: 1994-06-16 14:20:58
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Did anyone see... 
I was reading Usenet this morning before breakfast and came
across a very interesting series of messages to the effect that a
polynomial exists which generates exactly the prime numbers as
its set of positive values.
Such polynomials exist, the article argued, not only for the
property of primeness but for any computable property on the
natural numbers and stem from some deep result involving the
Riemann Zeta function and Hilbert's 10th problem.
I wanted to save this thread but now I can't find it again.  If
someone else read the same thread, could they drop me some Email
with the subject of the thread and the name of the newsgroup.

@_date: 1994-06-16 17:53:33
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Did anyone see... 
> If you find out anything would you please post it to the
 > list?  This is very curious.
D.C. Williams remembered the thread and Emailed me a copy.
(Thanks D.C.) It was in alt.security.pgp which is why I couldn't
find it.  I was looking in sci.math for something with the word
"prime" in the title. :)
I quote the interesting sections below.
Nick Gilling begins by asking:
 > Is there a formula for calculating primes?
Gareth McCaughan responds:
 > Well... yes, actually, but not a useful one.
 > For instance: "Wilson's theorem" says that if p is prime
 > then (p-1)! is congruent to -1, modulo p. And you can check
 > that if p isn't prime then (p-1)! is congruent to 0 modulo p
 > (i.e., is a multiple of p).
 > So, writing [x] for "integer part of x", ((p-1)! -
 > [(p-1)!/p].p)/(p-1) is 1 if p is prime and 0 if p is
 > composite. So summing this thing will give you a formula for
 > the number of primes <= any given number; and I'm sure
 > there's a "formulaic" way to invert this to give you the
 > n'th prime for any n.
 > Alternatively, there is a polynomial of degree
 > something-very-large in about 26 variables with the
 > property that when you plug integers into it you get either
 > a negative number or a prime; and every prime arises as some
 > value of it. (In fact, for any computable property of
 > positive integers, there is a polynomial in lots of
 > variables such that the values it takes are {some load of
 > negative numbers} together with {positive integers with the
 > required property}. This is a Deep Theorem.)
 > Alternatively, I suspect there is some sort of thing
 > involving contour integrals and the Riemann zeta function.
James Kilfiger then expands:
 > Actually it a little more interesting than this. First a
 > disclaimer, I'm writing from memory and may be wrong on
 > details If you want to see more a truly wonderful book is
 > "The Little book of BIG primes" By Riemboiem (I've spelt
 > this wrong) published by Springer-Verlag.
 > This book as a section on prime number formulae, There is a
 > famous class of polynomials {P(x)}, tend to be large (the
 > classic one has 26 variables and has degree 25) With the
 > exellent property of {all positive values taken by
 > P(x)}={all positive primes}. The existance of such
 > polynomials is gaurrenteed by results stemming from
 > Hilbert's 10th. Also There is a number \theta with
 > 3^\theta^n (or some similar formula, remeber I'm quoting
 > from memory) being prime for all values of n, unfortuantly
 > we can't calculate \theta, but its quite small. (if somebody
 > can correct me on the formula I'd be grateful)
Gareth McCaughan then cites the following reference:
 > By an amusing coincidence, when I went into our
 > departmental library to look for a reference, there on the
 > "new accessions" shelf was a book all about Hilbert's tenth
 > problem. So, here's a reference.
 > Matiyasevich, Yuri V. "Hilbert's 10th Problem" (MIT Press,
 > 1993; in their "Foundations of Computing" series) section
 > 3.4, at end.
 > For those who are wondering how on earth it's done, here's
 > a *very* brief sketch. In everything that follows
 > polynomials have integer coefficients, and variables range
 > over non-negative integers, which I shall call "natural
 > numbers".
 > Observation number 1: Suppose we have a set A of natural
 > numbers, and a polynomial P such that: there exist
 > x1,x2,..,xm with P(a,x1,..,xm)=0 iff a is in A. Then there
 > is a polynomial Q such that the natural number values of
 > Q(x0,..,xm) are just the elements of A. PROOF: put
 > Q(x0,..,xm) = (x0+1)(1-P(x0,..,xm)^2)-1 and notice that if P
 > isn't zero there, we get something negative, and if P is
 > zero we get x0.
 > Difficult Theorem number 1: There is a polynomial E such
 > that there exist x1,x2,..,xm with E(a,b,c,x1,..,xm)=0 if and
 > only if a^b=c.
 > Observation number 2: So it's enough to find an
 > "exponential polynomial" (i.e., we allow variables as
 > exponents) such that there exist x1,..,xm with
 > P(a,x1,..,xm)=0 if and only if a is prime.
 > Difficult Theorem number 2: We can "do" the operations
 > "factorial" and "greatest common divisor" with exponential
 > polynomials.
 > Easier Theorem: p is prime iff the greatest common divisor
 > of p and (p-1)! is 1. (See a posting I made earlier in this
 > thread.)
 > Conclusion: We can "do" primality with an exponential
 > polynomial, and hence with a normal polynomial.
 > Annoying Fact: The numbers do get *very* large. I do not
 > recommend trying to generate primes with this method. I
 > haven't done the calculations, but I suspect that getting
 > the prime 5 might require more computing resources than you
 > have available.
 > More details are in Matiyasevich's book. (Matiyasevich did
 > a large fraction of the work required to prove all this and
 > much more. He knows what he is talking about.)
Victor S. Miller, [who I suspect is the same Victor S. Miller I
knew at UMass Boston many years ago], published a nifty little
paper in the mid 1980's on the computation of the function Pi(n)
which gives the Nth prime as a function of N.  He had a table
giving the (10^N)th prime for n={3,6,9,12,15,18,...} which was
quite impressive.  Calculating the correct value for the
zillionth prime directly is a cute bit of mathematics.

@_date: 1994-06-16 22:40:27
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Did anyone see... 
>> Victor S. Miller, [who I suspect is the same Victor S. Miller I
 >> knew at UMass Boston many years ago], published a nifty little
 >> paper in the mid 1980's on the computation of the function Pi(n)
 > Do you have a pointer to this paper?  I'd been under the
 > impression that this function had no analytic closed form
 > (unless you cheat).
I'll also post this to the list since I need to correct a dumb
error in my previous post.
I previously stated that Pi(n) was the Nth prime.  It is of
course in reality the Prime Number Counting Function which is
equal to the number of primes <= n.  Computing the Nth prime is
trivial given a program which computes Pi(n) since Pi(n) is
asymptotic to a known smooth function and one need only evaluate
it a small number of times to refine an initial estimate of the
Nth prime into the correct value.
Miller's definitive paper on the subject is...
    Computing Pi(x): The Meissel-Lehmer method
    Mathematics of Computation, 1985, 44, no. 170, 537-560
There is another paper by this gentleman which may be of interest
to Cypherpunks.  It is on the use of elliptic curves as a basis
for cryptosystems.  He demonstrates how an analogue to the
Diffie-Hellman secure key exchange may be constructed using
groups of points on elliptic curves and conjectures that such a
system may be stronger than one based on the discrete log
problem.  Here is the citation.
    Use of elliptic curves in cryptography
    Advances in cryptology---CRYPTO 85
    1986, 417-426 ISBN: 0-387-16463-4
Happy reading.

@_date: 1994-06-17 08:47:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Prime magnitude and keys...a ? 
> I was wondering if anyone is aware of a function or test
 > which would allow a person to feed PGP or other RSA
 > algorithm a test key and then look at the result and
 > determine if the key was greater or lesser than the actual
 > key?
This is an approach that I haven't heard of before.  If one could
determine the numerical ordering of two different keys used to
RSA-encrypt the same piece of plaintext by examining the
ciphertext, one could easily break RSA by a binary search of the
Given two moduli N1 and N2, and some plaintext P, and PGP's
favorite encryption exponent, 17, you need to determine if
N1 < N2 by examining P^17 MOD N1 and P^17 MOD N2.  Although this
is only a one-bit function, it clearly depends upon P in a very
complicated way.  Since P is unknown and deliberately made random
in practical RSA implementations, I am not sure such an attack
shows much promise.  I would guess that this would be at least as
complicated as solving an RSA or discrete log problem directly.

@_date: 1994-06-17 12:58:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Prime magnitude and keys...a ? 
Perry E. Metzger, who is evidently having a bad hair day, said
the following not very nice things to Jim Choate:
 > Who cares what you think you are talking about? You haven't
 > shown much common sense thus far.
 > You can't find a reference in the library on why you can't
 > build a machine that cracks DES by repeatedly trying the
 > digitized sound tracks of porno films, either. Maybe you
 > should try that -- who knows, it might work.
 > Ahem. Perhaps you should have kept awake in school. Log
 > base 2 of a number just means the number of bits in it.
In the words of Rodney King, "Can't we all just get along?"
Perry further comments:
 > If I have an algorithm that will take any arbitrary RSA key
 > and produce the private key by a mechanism such as the one
 > you propose, you are (almost certainly) proposing an
 > algorithm that will factor arbitrary numbers that are a
 > product of two primes.
This is likely true.  However, it does not necessarily follow
that such an algorithm will be any faster than current methods of
factoring and might very well be a good deal slower.
What you seem to be overlooking is that the function Jim
proposes, which tells the numerical order of two keys from an
examination of the results of using them, is probably an
exponential time algorithm itself as a function of keysize.
Performing such an algorithm log2(n) times does not yield an
algorithm which is O(log2(n)) in computational complexity, unless
Jim's magic function happens to be hardwired into your CPU and
executes in a constant of clock cycles regardless of its
 > I'm afraid that given such a function, I can derive the
 > original key within log[base2](n) operations.
Your fears are unfounded. :)

@_date: 1994-06-17 14:49:50
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Computational Complexity 
> Ahem. He was proposing a mechanism that will work in log(n)
 > time. All current known methods are subexponential. As you
 > SHOULD know, a log function will eventually be smaller than
 > a subexponential one if you only let N grow large enough.
 > This is baby complexity theory. I find it astonishing that I
 > should even have to mention it.
As I read it, he simply asked (and quite nicely at that) if such
a algorithm might exist, and asked if there were any references
to it in the literature.  Now clearly he was hoping that such a
mechanism might offer the opportunity to binary search the key
space efficiently and perhaps those hopes were misplaced, but I
don't think the idea was so off the wall as to be deserving of
the ridicule you heaped upon it.  Far weirder things have been
proposed on this list.
 > Thats not what he was proposing. Obviously one can build
 > such an algorithm given a factoring algorithm, and we know
 > of exponential factoring algorithms. That wasn't the idea.
 > His notion was that there might be a CHEAP algorithm to do
 > this.
I think the key word here is "might."  Hope springs eternal, even
in cryptology. :)

@_date: 1994-06-18 13:01:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
> With egg all over their face on Clipper, I see the
 > Administration now launching a new campaign, a campaign
 > being led by Donn Parker, Dorothy Denning, Andy Grove, and
 > others. In this campaign, the second approach mentioned
 > above will be dominant: a focus on pedophiles who "encrypt
 > their list of victims," a focus on "terrorists who form
 > virtual networks around the world," and a focus on "money
 > launderers who use crypto anarchy to spread their poison."
This is beginning already.  I haven't seen anything in the
mainstream press lately on Cyberspace in which the word
"pedophile" wasn't mentioned prominently.  The enemy learned long
ago that you can get the public up in arms about almost anything,
as long as you package it as either a public safety or child
protection issue.
I don't think we have very much time left to save our precious
encryption rights from Big Brother.  Revoking rights is like frog
boiling.  As long as it is done slowly enough, it goes relatively
Bill Clinton was talking yesterday about how no one complains any
more about tight airport security and accepts it as a fact of
life.  Contrast this with the screams of outrage from the first
few people forced to walk through metal detectors and have their
baggage searched.
Remember when civil forfeiture started?  First only profits from
illegal activities were seized.  They quickly moved to seizing
all of a suspects assets.  Now cops can stop you on the road,
empty your pockets, and take your money using only the
justification that possession of more than a certain amount is
evidence of wrongdoing.
Look at the engineering of public attitudes on marijuana,
underage erotica, and even smoking that have taken place over the
last decade.
Pretty soon the public will accept the notion that they must give
up all their personal privacy in order to protect us from
terrorists, drug dealers, and people with rarified sexual
interests.  Only incompetent opposing points of view on this
issue are ever presented by the mainstream media.  Give these
people another year or two, and they will be telling us that mere
possession of PGP abuses children in some ficticious and
vicarious manner.
Because the government is so powerful, and we are not, we have to
avoid the pitfall of harping frivilous issues in a last desperate
attempt to thwart the federal agenda.  Attacks on Denning's
character, the Clipper algorithm, and the LEAF field, while
interesting, do nothing to help our cause.  What will we do when
the government presents us with an escrowed, publicly reviewed,
unbreakable strong encryption algorithm which is mandatory?  We
need to concentrate on the basic issues here and state them
clearly many times in language the public can understand.
The public slap in the face our agenda received the other day on
the crypto export issue should be proof enough that our enemies
will accept nothing less than the total surrender of our right to
personal privacy.  It's time to stop being nice.  When you go after the King, you shoot to kill.

@_date: 1994-03-11 14:57:09
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: 2nd CJ update 
> (the State letter mentions comments from the Department of Defense,
 > which is always a code phrase for the NSA in such situations).  > PS. Does anybody consider it odd that someone from the NSA would
 > actually identify themselves as such?
Maybe the agency is getting less paranoid now that it is more publicly
known.  Back in the early '80s, everyone working there used to say only
that they worked for the Department of Defense.  I also recall that they
used to get quite upset if you called someone's phone inside the agency
and said the words "National Security Agency" while talking to them.  They
answered their phones by simply saying "Hello" and gave no other
identifying information. Now they probably have a public relations department. :)

@_date: 1994-03-24 02:49:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Quiz du Jour 
Which of the following will soon be illegal in the Netherlands?
            A. Euthanasia
            B. Pedophilia
            C. Encryption
According to a new telecommunications bill which my Dutch friends tell me
has an excellent chance of being passed, the correct answer is "C". Someone send these poor people a good Stego program.

@_date: 1994-03-24 10:07:38
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Promise her anything... 
Rather than have the holder and the person to whom the note is being sold
go through a transaction with the issuer, one can have the issuer give his
customers a cryptographically tamperproof software module which will
prevent anonymous double-spending.  This allows the digital cash system to
work "offline" without having to connect to the bank every time two people
wish to conduct a transaction. If you design the system so that cheating breaks the anonymity and identifies
the perpetrator, then you can simply deter it in the same way we do with conventional instruments.  Give the person a horrible credit rating and threaten to toss him in jail.

@_date: 1994-03-24 14:39:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
> The notion of a "cryptographically tamperproof software
 > module" is interesting, but I'm not sure such a thing exists
 > or could exist.  The secure offline cash systems I have seen
 > rely on tamper-resistant HARDWARE modules which at least
 > exist although this requirement would be very inconvenient.
Quite a bit of work has already been done on this concept.
Basically one generates a very large sequence of machine
instructions which computes the image of the output of an
algorithm under a strong cipher from the image of the input under
the cipher.  A controlled amount of redundant information is
added to both the input and output.  This yields a piece of code
so obtuse and complex that nothing may be gleaned about what
algorithm it is executing by observing it run.  Figuring out what
it actually is doing is a cryptanalytically hard problem.  Also,
determining a way of modifying the code which does not break it
is a similarly hard problem.
Once encased in such a module, an algorithm may be distributed
with no fear that it will be stolen.  This raises interesting
poblems with software patents, since one can not tell from such a
module whether it is performing a function in a way which
Of course, there is a severe performance penalty to be paid for
such protection.  But in the case of digital cash, it could
provide a mechanism for implementing a secure offline system
without special hardware.
 > Again, I don't know how you handle the case of two
 > almost-simultaneous attempts to redeem the same note (or
 > piece of cash).  Both notes are identical, so having the two
 > notes gives you no more information than having just one,
 > hence if one note is anonymous so will two be.  You know
 > someone is cheating in this situation, but who?  One of the
 > redeemers may have stolen a copy of the cash from the other;
 > the two redeemers may be working together; or the note maker
 > may be working with one of the redeemers having slipped them
 > a copy of the note as soon as it was presented for
 > redemption.  How can a court decide who is right?
Assuming the transactions are done via a tamperproof module
distributed by the issuer, and the math is arranged such that
using a note in multiple transactions reveals the perpetrator,
the system prevents anonymous double-spending while still
providing all the benefits of digital cash.  Of course, you could
claim that someone was in possession of your tamperproof module
and associated passwords, but it is your responsibility to guard
these and report them stolen promptly, just as with credit cards
and PINs.
P.S. Is anyone worried that the Netherlands seems on the verge of
banning PGP?  Wasn't this country once a hacker's paradise?

@_date: 1994-03-24 15:59:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
If multiple transactions involving the same instrument reveal the double-spender, then appropriate action may be taken.  One could
of course do the exact same transaction twice with the exact same person using identical copies of the tamperproof module, but that would
yield no more data than having done the transaction only one time, and certainly wouldn't create any additional value.
One nice application of Magic Money would be to purchase subscriptions and other services from a BBS.  It is often highly inconvenient to have to mail in a payment, and if you are paying for something in another country, sending something that can be cashed overseas.  Digital Cash
would solve all these problems.

@_date: 1994-03-25 07:33:08
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
> If Frank the Forger, to pick a standard sort of crypto
 > example, takes a set of bits (possibly made with the
 > elaborate system Mike Duvos described in an earlier posting)
 > and copies that set of bits n times and then "spends" them n
 > times, how can any of his recipients know that parallel
 > transactions are happening, that the "same" money is being
 > spent n times and that it is very likely that n - 1 of the
 > recipients will be screwed?
I didn't mean to oversell the degree to which the scheme deters
multiple spending.  It doesn't prevent multiple spending.  It
merely breaks the anonymity of the perpetrator if two or more
people he has transacted the same note with break their own
anonymity and voluntarily cooperate with the bank.
There is nothing to prevent you from making N copies of your
floppy, spending each one, and hopping the next plane to
Argentina.  Sad but true.
In the real world, there would have to be some sort of limit on
the number of times such a spoofed transaction could propagate
before being cleared with the central bank, much like
restrictions on multiple-party checks today.  Merchant
cooperation would also be necessary.  Probably easy to get with
the corner store than with the local cocaine dealer.
 > The other main approach is to build in to the blinding
 > protocols which protect anonymity ways to detect the
 > identity of those who spend a unit of digital money more
 > than the specified number of times. "Double spenders" is the
 > common term. This can avoid online clearing, but at the
 > expense of additional protocol complexity and some peculiar
 > wrinkles which can develop.
This is really all I had in mind.  Again, double spending is
discouraged but not prevented.  If you are leaving town and never
returning, you can go on a shopping spree.

@_date: 1994-03-25 09:45:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Real Digital Money 
While we are discussing digital cash systems, I just happened to
notice that a local BBS I use is now accepting a form of digital
cash for subscriptions and services.
They have solved the conversion problem between physical money
and digital money in a rather interesting way which I thought I
would pass along.
Through a commercial firm by the name of True Media, Inc, located
in Florida, one can obtain a 7 digit token in return for a $10
charge to ones phone bill by calling a 900 number.  An automated
voice system reads you the 7 digit number without the need for
human intervention.
Said tokens may then be enclosed in Email to the Sysop when
requesting subscription upgrades and will be accepted as if they
were real money.
Although this is primitive compared to the protocols we have been
discussing, it is kind of neat.  Using an automated response
system on a 900 number in order to convert dollars into digital
tokens is an innovative approach.

@_date: 1994-03-25 13:52:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Real Digital Money 
> I'm intrigued about the use of a 900 number because I thought  > that they were prohibitively expensive for a small-scale
 > business to run. I believe they cost a small fortune if you get the service from the phone company, with high startup and monthly minimum.  There are, however, firms that act as resellers of the phone company service, and most of the smaller fly-by-night 900 operations do business with these.  They can
set you up as a 900 business inexpensively enough to allow even small enterprises to use 900 service.  A lot of the weirder information hotlines come through such companies, and all you have to give them is a tape of your message and a small fee for the service

@_date: 1994-03-26 16:32:42
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Whoa, now... (was Re: Digital Cash) 
If I may make a small correction here, I suggested a tamperproof software module could be used in an offline system to process transactions in a way which prevented "ANONYMOUS double spending".  This is not the same as preventing double spending, although in a system where reputations matter, it has a certain deterrent effect.
Obscuring the operation of an algorithm inside a tamperproof module isn't
security through obscurity any more than obscuring plaintext by
encipherment is security through obscurity.

@_date: 1994-05-06 20:28:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Cypher Punks Autistic Savants 
Evidently Internet access is the newest fad in the mental health care industry.  We need to up the dosage of Prozac for this individual.

@_date: 1994-05-11 10:33:45
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Here they come... 
Does the GIF have to portray a person of the female persuasion in order for the "hostile" environment to be created, or will any sexually oriented image suffice?  Yes, the Canadians are way ahead of us in the area of censorship.  In addition to drawings and stories, anything which suggests that sexual relationships between adults and minors are not always harmful is also prohibited by law.  If you do a piece of scientific research on intergenerational relationships, it can only be published in Canada if it concludes such relationships are harmful.  One sex study which came to the "wrong" conclusion has already been banned by the Canadian government.
I would make that "most Americans".  But only after they finish their current crusade to bring back flogging. :)

@_date: 1994-05-19 12:35:28
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: AOL and LAM (LA meeting) 
I saw an ad for a book titled "ATM Networks" a while back.  After reading an entire page of blurb I still had no idea whether it was a book about automatic teller machine networking or fast switching of small fixed-sized packets.
If it had been the latter, I would have bought it.  Another customer lost to the evils of AOL.

@_date: 1994-05-26 13:28:27
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Unicorn vs.... 
Let's see.  I didn't read the thread in question but am reasonably familiar with the unsavory debating tactics of Mr. Tmp from other discussions.  As I understand it, Mr. Unicorn and Mr. Tmp, their true identities safely
concealed behind their respective handles, engaged in a minor flame war
and major ass-kicking contest related to the topics of crypto, privacy,
and nasty authoritarian governments.  Mr. Tmp, following his usual modus operandi, engaged in some reasonably clever hand-waving, out-of-context quoting, misdirection, and misrepresentation at the expense of a number of people, including Mr. Unicorn.
All this would have been water under the bridge were it not for the fact that Mr. Unicorn, who is wont to travel in circles considerably more conservative than most of his political writings, inadvertantly disclosed his identity in the thread while showing a friend how to use Usenet.  Certainly this blunder was no fault of Mr. Tmp.
Ultimately, as a consequence of this leak, certain business associates of
Mr. Unicorn, with no knowlege of Usenet or the context of the discussion,
were exposed to portions of it and the identity of Mr. Unicorn was
disclosed.  Again no fault of Mr. Tmp.
Said business associates, being relatively anal upper-class European types with a great respect for authority, were singularly unamused by
Mr. Unicorn's political views and the even worse things falsely attributed to him by Mr. Tmp in the heat of discussion.  Mr. Unicorn became worried that his business might suffer as a consequence.  Since I personally believe that one should not discriminate in doing business based on someones political beliefs, I would certainly characterize this as a moral failure on the part of Mr. Unicorn's business associates, and not the fault of Mr. Tmp.
Finally, Mr. Unicorn, mustering all the legal and financial resources at
his disposal, threatens to skewer Mr. Tmp for alleged libel, and Mr. Tmp,
lacking similar resources and unable to risk a courtroom defeat, is forced
to go on Usenet and publicly eat you-know-what with a large wooden spoon. Since Mr. Tmp is not well-liked in the Cypherpunk community, response to this sorted tale consists mostly of praise for Mr. Unicorn, and silence by those who might have been critical, but who don't want Mr. Unicorn to treat them the same way.
I don't think there are any heros in this story.  I think it is a dark day for freedom of expression in general and Usenet in particular.  In the past, I have engaged in lots of heated discussions on many hot-button topics, on Usenet and in many other forums, sometimes under my own name, and occasionally under a pseudonym.  I have been called many vile things along the way, and have had my views on occasion misrepresented far more cleverly than Mr. Tmp could imagine or articulate.
Nonetheless, if I found myself losing work because an unpopular view of
mine came to light, filing a lawsuit against another Usenet poster would
be just about the last thing I would think of doing.  Particularly if the
discussion took place under a pseudonym and I was the person who had broken my own anonymity.
Antics like this threaten the entire concept of Usenet as a reputation-based cooperative anarchy.  The solution to Mr. Tmp is to put him in your killfile, not sue him into submission.

@_date: 1994-05-26 14:56:58
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Unicorn vs.... 
> Granted, tmp is not responsible for so called moral
 > failures on the part of European business associates of
 > Uni's BUT tmp IS responsible for damaging Uni's reputation
 > by making it look as if he said things that tmp couldn't
 > prove he had said.  If Uni lost a 7 figure business deal
 > because tmp attributed a comment to Uni that Uni didn't
 > make then tmp is definitely guilty of damaging Uni's
 > character and SHOULD be sued...
But tmp is only responsible for damaging the reputation of the
pseudonym "Black Unicorn".  This is not the same as damaging an
actual person by name.
If I am in a frivilous mood someday and post a tongue-in-cheek
article on alt.hamsters.duct-tape under the pseudonym "Rodent
Ravisher", I have little cause to complain that my real-life
reputation has been ruined if someone misrepresents my views.
If I am dense enough to publicly associate myself with the post,
then perhaps I shouldn't complain when the Good Christians begin
avoiding me and perhaps even hiding their hamsters when they see
me passing by.  In any case, it is certainly not the fault of the
other flamers if my career goes down the tubes.
 > The bottom line is that when you play on the net and flame
 > each other that is one thing, but when your games cause
 > someone's business and real-life character to be damaged
 > then you are playing in the real world and the name of the
 > game there is SUE, RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR ACTIONS, and TAKE
 > THE CONSEQUENCES FOR YOUR ACTIONS.
But flaming an anonymous identity is not the same as flaming a
real-life person.  Anonymous identities allow one a little
vacation from having to be deadly serious all the time.  And an
opportunity to play Devil's Advocate with ideas that may not
necessarily be ones own.
Let's lighten up a little here.
 > I suppose we all could use this as an opportunity to see
 > how well our anarchist, freedom of speech, privacy,
 > encryption ideas mesh with the 'real world'.
This IS the 'real world'.

@_date: 1994-11-18 12:32:35
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Cash 
>> I've heard that airports will soon have "Money Detectors"
 >> that will count total cash carried per person. I'd like to
 >> figure out how the system works.
 > Assuming this is true, it would seem that even good, old
 > fashioned, paper currency doesn't provide the level of
 > anonymity that one would think.  Scary...
The strips are part of a program by the Feds to gradually
introduce features into currency which cannot be replicated on
high resolution digital color copiers.  I know of no technology
that would allow the strips to be detected at a distance which
would also be inexpensive enough to use in every bill and pose no
health risks to the person carrying the money.
Sounds like an urban myth to me, but I am willing to listen if
someone wishes to provide an plausable alternative explanation.

@_date: 1994-11-19 13:01:27
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: currency strips "salted" for neutron activation analysis? 
> I think it would be interesting to try neutron activation
 > analysis on currency.  To do this, you would bombard the
 > currency with neutrons and then look at the activated gamma
 > spectrum to see how much of what odd trace materials might
 > be present.
There are very sophisticated NAA scanners for luggage which can
detect minute amounts of explosives.  Despite prodding by the
Feds, airlines have balked at forking over the hundreds of
millions of dollars that would be required to install them at all
 > I don't have any specific knowledge that the threads are
 > "salted" for easy identification but this technique would
 > work very nicely and has been used elsewhere.
While the technique works nicely on baggage, I think there would
be some resistance to "neutron activation" of passengers. :)
That is why I said in my last message that I knew of no method of
remotely detecting currency carried by persons which was both
inexpensive and posed no health risks.  All RF techniques can be
pretty easily defeated and NAA is not acceptable for use on
living creatures.

@_date: 1994-11-21 17:39:25
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pentium bug and CRYPTO 
> Will the following error (Re Pentium Floating Point Bug
 > Date: 15 Nov 1994) cause problems with PGP key generation or
 > any other normal operations with PGP or other crypto.  I'm
 > not a math mathmatics nerd but I know we generally deal with
 > big numbers.
No problems for released versions of PGP, which use only the 8086
instruction set and require neither a floating point coprocessor
nor emulation.
Most other crypto should be fine as well.  Crypto is pretty much
an integer exercise.
People have been known to use floating point to do multiprecision
integer arithmetic on Sparcs and large engineering mainframes
which lack a complete integer instruction set, but I've never
heard of anyone trying such things on an Intel processor.

@_date: 1994-09-05 23:07:01
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: How Did This Get Done? 
The "From" line of a news post may be any arbitrary text.  Although
most newsreaders insert truthful information, you can post anything
you like if you interface with the posting agent personally.
You can telnet to any NNTP server on the Net that does not reject
your connection and post anything you wish.  The "Path" information
should give you some idea of where the post originated.

@_date: 1994-09-23 09:37:02
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Fast Modular Factorial? 
A small question about large integer math...
We are all familar with the fact that x^(2^n) mod p may be
evaluated with only n modmults which accumulate geometrically
increasing powers of x.
Does a similar fast algorithm exist for computing (2^n)! mod p?
The only difference here is that one is accumulating a huge product
of consecutive integers instead of the same integer multiplied many
times.  I am interested in values of n around several hundred.
I have played with this quite a bit and am unable to see any easy
exploitable symmetry which would lead to an efficient algorithm.
Any ideas?

@_date: 1994-09-23 12:25:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Fast Modular Factorial? 
> Nope.  The ability to take fast modular factorials as you
 > suggest implies the ability to factor large numbers in
 > polynomial time.
 > If (n!)mod x = 0 then there is a factor of x which is less
 > than n.  If you can solve modular factorials, then you can
 > solve for the largest factor of x in logarithmic time.
 > Obviously, nobody has found a method to do either.
I should mention that I am interested in the case (2^n)! mod p
where p is a prime and (2^n) << p.  In this case no individual
term of the factorial will be equal to zero mod p, and since the
non-zero residues form a group under multiplication, the result
can never be zero either.
The ability to solve this special case may also imply the ability
to factor large numbers in polynomial time, but in some less
obvious way.

@_date: 1995-12-07 18:48:39
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Anyone Remember socket.c? 
Fellow 'Punks,
A while back on the list, someone posted a very short C
program called socket.c, which, when given a port number
and an excutable, would fork off copies of a given
application for anyone who connected to the port. I saved the program at the time, but seem to have
deleted it.  I realize it would be trivial to write, but don't want to have to look at nasty network  files. If someone could either post it to the list again, or
email me a copy, I will be eternally greatful.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1995-12-26 07:49:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Encryption Discrimination from Sun 
I was just browsing through the rules for the million dollar
contest just announced by Sun Microsystems to encourage the
writing of killer applets in Java, Sun's new architecture-
independent program format. The URL is  in case
anyone is interested.
While reading the contest rules, I found the following one
particularly interesting...
   "No entries may include encryption as a feature
    or part of an applet."
This was made even more curious by the later revelation that
one of the criteria for judging entries was...
   "The applet should be able to transfer information from     one point to another, with no possibility of interception     or other interference during the process."
Doubtless the reason Sun nixed encryption is because this is an
international contest, and they did not want to deal with legal
hassles involving international borders and different laws in every country.    Nonetheless, they seem to have missed an excellent opportunity
to encourage the migration of privacy software into the new realm they are creating.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1995-02-12 18:19:13
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions 
> ((Comments are appreciated.  -Bruce))
[Nice historical presentation of factoring snipped]
 > A new factoring algorithm has taken over from the quadratic
 > sieve: the general number field sieve. In 1989
 > mathematicians would have told you that the general number
 > field sieve would never be practical.
 > In 1992 they would have told you that it was practical, but
 > only faster than the quadratic sieve for numbers greater
 > than 130-150 digits or so. Today it is known to be faster
 > than the quadratic sieve for numbers well below 116 digits.
 > The general number field sieve can factor a 512-bit number
 > over 10 times faster than the quadratic sieve.
The GNFS situation is a little bit more complicated than that.
Today's factoring algorithms work by finding distinct square
roots of the same quadratic residue modulo the number to be
factored.  Each such discovery yields an approximately 50% chance
of factoring the number using Euclid's GCD algorithm.
Since searching directly for a congruence of squares would be
grossly inefficient, one sieves for relations involving arbitrary
powers of numbers from a set called the "factor base", and after
collecting an overdetermined number of such relations, finds
their null space modulo two in huge matrix operation.  This
yields a relation whose powers are all even, from which a
congruence of squares may be constructed in an obvious manner.
Most popular factoring methods including NFS, GNFS, and numerous
flavors of QS utilize this general scheme, and differ only in the
numbers to which they are applicable and in the methods that they
use to fish for relations in more densely populated mathematical
GNFS uses a particularly cute trick, which is to express the
number being factored as a polynomial with small coefficients,
evaluated at a small argument.  On can then construct a
homomorphism from a ring of algebraic integers into Z/nZ. This
permits sieving to be conducted in a particularly efficient
Finding such a polynomial, unfortunately, is a far from
straightforward task.  Current state of the art is to start with
a guess, and flog it to death on a workstation for several days,
attempting some sort of stepwise refinement.  Although the
problem is mathematically rich, no systematic method currently
exists to pick the "best" polynomial, and the problem of doing so
may be of a difficulty comparable to factoring.
The speed with which GNFS runs and the degree to which it
outperforms QS is extremely sensitive to the polynomial chosen,
so the blanket statement that GNFS outperforms QS by a factor of
10 on 512 bit numbers is in my opinion, a bit of an
GNFS is one of the most complicated computer algorithms to be
constructed, sieving and factoring simultaneously in both a ring
of algebraic integers and in Z/nZ. The algorithm has been known
to experience "cycle explosions" in which unexpectly large
amounts of raw data are produced from relatively small numbers.
It is certainly not something that can be regularly run in
"production mode" and it requires a skilled operator (currently
its creator) to help it coast smoothly through its various
I don't think GNFS is going to be available in shrink-wrapped
form for quite some time. :)
 > A related algorithm, the special number field sieve, can
 > already factor numbers of a certain specialized
 > form--numbers not generally used for cryptography--must
 > faster than the general number field sieve can factor
 > general numbers of the same size.
NFS and GNFS are essentially the same algorithm.  NFS is simply a
special case where a particularly simple polynomial is known,
Z[a] is a unique factorization domain, and some other nice
algebraic properties are present.  In the case of a general
integer, and a more complex polynomial, some things get messier.
 > It is not unreasonable to assume that the general number
 > field sieve can be optimized to run this fast; it is
 > possible that the NSA already knows how to do this.
I think this is unlikely.  The difference in speed is due to the
fact that NFS only factors specially chosen simple numbers, and
GNFS factors anything.  That is not something that is likely to
be optimized away.
Also, I think we make far to much of the magical ability of the
NSA to do things.  At the present point in time, most of the
cryptomathematical expertise in the world is external to the NSA.
The NSA didn't invent GNFS, or for that matter, public key
 > Making predictions beyond the near future is even more
 > foolish. Who knows what kind of advances in computing,
 > networking, and mathematics are going to happen by 2020?
 > However, if you look at the broad picture, in every decade
 > we can factor numbers twice as long as in the previous
 > decade.
GNFS probably represents the final step in the evolution of the
"combination of congruences" factoring methods.  Further
refinements would probably be such complicated algorithms as to
be inpractical to program.
Additional improvements in our ability to break RSA will probably
come via some new factoring scheme that we are presently unaware
of, or via a method of computing the inverse of the encryption
permutation used by RSA which does not require explicit formation
of the factors of the modulus.
 >          Table 5:  Long-range factoring predictions
 >          Year     Key length (in bits)
 >          1995     1024
 >          2005     2048
 >          2015     4096
 >          2025     8192
 >          2035     16,384
 >          2045     32,768
I think factoring technology may reach its "Omega Point" long
before 2045.  Twenty years from now, we might be able to factor
anything.  I think predictions past ten years are pure
 > There is always the possibility that an advance in
 > factoring will surprise me as well, but I think that
 > unlikely.
I expect to be surprised by an advance in factoring momentarily.
You are far too pessimistic. :)

@_date: 1995-02-12 23:32:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The NSA (Was Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions ) 
> On the other hand, the people in the black community have
 > the advantage that they can read anything that the open
 > community produces but not vice versa, and they have at
 > least a 15 year edge in knowledge about the design of
 > conventional systems, and who knows (we certainly have no
 > idea) how much of an edge in the modern cryptographic arena.
Such a situation does not apply solely to the NSA.  There are,
for instance, secret lodges of French mystics who devote
themselves to higher mathematics, absorb everything the open
community produces, and rarely publish anything or draw attention
to themselves.  They solve problems, write secret manuscripts,
put them on shelves, and have been doing this for centuries.
Perhaps the ultimate factoring algorithm already exists within
their walls.  We would never know if it did, unless they chose to
tell us.
The NSA is very good at solving problems that require "acres of
Crays".  They are crack numerical analysts and algorithm
designers. They also make nice block ciphers.  I do not think,
however, that they have deeply profound insights into the
complexity of computation that exceed those of the University
community, and certainly not by 15 years.
 > We don't know for sure if the NSA knew about Public Key
 > before the open community did. Certainly they knew of
 > differential cryptanalysis and similar techniques, and they
 > must know quite a lot that we don't.
Rumour has it that the NSA nearly had a collective epileptic fit
when they realized the implications of Public Key Cryptography.
Yes, they did invent differential cryptanalysis and some other
techniques before outsiders thought of them, but I'm unsure this
implies some great cabal of hidden knowlege on their part.  It is
more likely a case of throwing research dollars at a problem
which had not yet captured the interest of researchers outside
the intelligence community.
 > Overall, I'd say that in the long run the open community is
 > going to catch up regardless of what the NSA likes. That
 > does not mean, however, that this is going to happen
 > particularly soon, or that they don't still know decades
 > more than we do.
I think the NSA has lost its edge completely in the last decade,
as cryptographic research in the open community has taken off. It
is much the same sort of situation experienced by IBM, when they
were slow to catch on to the paradigm shift created by
distributed computing and workstations, and companies like Sun
rose from nowhere to become major players.
If the NSA were a corporation, they would be apologizing to their
shareholders, restructuring, and trying to identify a market
niche they could continue to be a player in.  Since they are
funded by government, we don't see them doing this, but it is
absurd to suggest that they are still decades ahead of the rest
of the world in basic research and technology.

@_date: 1995-02-13 15:55:31
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Ignore Test 
The list seems a tad slow today.  No new messages.

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:36:40
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: French Mystics, Martin Gardner, and Transcendentality 
> Actually, the French group is a subsidiary of our Bavarian
 > operation. However, "centuries" is, well, somewhat
 > inaccurate, though the mathematician who first mentioned our
 > existence about that time has since recanted after a visit
 > from the Elders...
"Centuries" was perhaps an exaggeration.  I first became aware of
the existance of the French group when Martin Gardner published
an extremely interesting April Fool's edition of "Mathematical
Games" in Scientific American a number of years back.
The thesis of his piece was that some very simple expressions
involving transcendental numbers such as Pi and E had been proven
to be integers. When you checked them on a calculator, they did
indeed appear to be exact integers, in spite of a well-known
theorem which claimed otherwise.
The clever trick was that they were of course transcendental, but
differed from integers by a small epsilon far beyond the 15 digit
range of most ordinary calculators.
A number of us were trying to figure out how Martin Gardner had
constructed the expressions he had published, and quickly found
that doing so was a non-trivial mathematical problem.  We were
about to give up when a young associate professor walked in,
picked up a piece of chalk, and demonstrated a really clever
trick involving rings which permitted one to crank out such
expressions with the greatest of ease.
When we inquired as to the origin of the work he was citing, we
were told that this really clever mystical order in France had
recently decided to release this particular discovery into the
public domain, where it had served as the source for Martin
Gardner's baffling column.
Perhaps they will give us a factoring algorithm if we ask them
nicely. :)

@_date: 1995-01-06 16:10:51
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Files and mail 
drechsau at winternet.com (Mike Horwath) carefully explains all the
reasons why is it better to have a Netcom account than a
Winternet account!
 > I was going to be in, I decided to rest instead.  So sue me
 > for it.
Big providers like Netcom have many employees and many machines.
Things do not screech to a halt when "the guy who owns the
machine" takes a mental health day. :)
 > Talk about net.good.will...you stole service after it was
 > suspended.
Free service offered to the public cannot be stolen, even by
prior dissatisfied customers.  Big providers like Netcom don't
care if someone they don't like logs onto the machine again as
 > Tuesday, after being up for 20+ hours and getting a couple
 > hours sleep, you call ... Again, sue me, this time for being
 > tired.
Service at big providers like Netcom doesn't slack off when "the
guy who owns the machine" misses his nap...
 > Wednesday, I was going to be into work, which you assumed I
 > would be, ... I decided I was going to take that day off ...
...or when "the guy who owns the machine" goes fishing...
 > The machine being down was not used as an excuse, but it is
 > hard to operate like we used to with only one user machine.
...or when "the machine" is broken.
 > That is 2 counts in 2 days (notified on monday, early, of
 > the spamming, notified on wed of the mass unsolicited
 > mailings).  Sorry, someone had to put their foot down, and
 > it happened to be us.
Big service providers like Netcom don't interfere with customer
use of the resources they sell, except when network functionality
is impacted.  Even in such cases, they try to reach an
understanding with the user, and terminate accounts only as a
last resort.  Accounts don't vanish when "the guy who owns the
machine" decides to throw a tantrum.
 > It was innapropiate for the groups that you posted to.
Big providers like Netcom don't pass editorial judgment on the
content of material posted by their customers.
 > Sorry Carol Anne, but this is a system I administer and I
 > use the AUP to protect all of us accross the 'net.
I am sure we will all sleep more soundly knowing that Mike
Horwath and his tiny pimple of a machine on the Internet are
"protecting" us.
 > We had talked about the winternet t-shirts and how we would
 > use the work you did and the monies you would receive as
 > payment.
Big providers like Netcom don't make silly little deals with
customers for T-shirts...
 > Well, no t-shirts have gone out and at this time, I will be
 > cancelling all orders for them and will redesign them and
 > have them produced externally to what you have done.  This
 > is what happens when you hold something over someones head.
...or cancel those agreements out of spite when they don't get
everything done their way.
You know, I used to use BBS systems a great deal before large
providers like Netcom began offering personal accounts with
Internet access at reasonable rates.  A BBS is about as far from
a common carrier as one can get, and many Sysops disclaim all
your rights under the ECPA, read private mail, forbid the use of
PGP, decide what opinions may be expressed on various issues, and
boot off any user who questions anything they do.  Since the
Sysop owns the machine, they are legally within their rights to
act like this, and as long as there are enough users who will put
up with their behavior, they can run a system.
Now that Unix boxes are not much more expensive than PCs used to
be, every asshole in the world who played Sysop on a BBS now
envisions himself as Sysadmin of an ISP.  So you have an
infestation of tiny service providers, running on toy machines,
that coast along for a few years until the person running them
either goes bankrupt or gets bored.  I certainly wouldn't
subscribe to one of these services, because the management
mentality and problematical service most of them provide is
exactly what I came to Netcom to get away from.
Quite frankly, I don't see why Carol doesn't just get a Netcom
account and stop quibbling with this twit.  Stop letting him
waste any more of your time and let him play his administrative
power games with newbies who don't know any better.
My two cents.

@_date: 1995-01-06 16:20:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: All I did was properly crosspost! 
The individual who posted the first hysterical message about Carol's
alleged spam in a.c-e.n-a leaped to the conclusion that it was being
posted to a large number of groups because one of the newsgroups posted
to had a very low ordinal in the alphabetical list of all newsgroups.
The message itself, which he quoted, was only cross-posted to the
10 newsgroups specified.  I believe the CancelMoose threshold for an
official spam is 50 newsgroups.

@_date: 1995-01-06 18:12:43
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Files and mail 
[miscellaneous Netcom-honking elided]
 > It just so happens the AUP of winternet allows for this
 > situation.
Right.  And a small service provider can make any "terms of
service agreement" his or her little heart desires.  Just like
the owner of a two line BBS.  With big service providers, such
things tend to be done in a somewhat more business-like fashion.
 > its a bit far fetched to call HIS reaction a tantrum.... If
 > anyone's screaming for mommy its whats-her-name....
Well, if I posted a message to 10 newsgroups and some bozo posted
a message to a.c-e.n-a falsely implying that it was the beginning
of some sort of massive spam, I would certainly not be pleased.
If Netcom, after receiving some small amount of flamage on the
subject, summarily removed access to my account and made
themselves unavailable for several days when I tried to contact
them to discuss the matter, and then tossed me off with a
flippant "so sue me" when I protested, I would be even less
pleased.  Fortunately, I can't imagine Netcom even caring about a
10 newsgroup cross-post.
 > big is better i guess....
In the case of Internet Service Providers, big is definitely
better.  There are simply economies of scale which are not
realized with smaller operations.  Netcom has had some problems,
but almost all of them were growth related.  None of them were
intrinsic to the systems and network itself.
 > Winternet is HARDLY a 'bbs'.  Its a regional internet
 > service....much as netcom was before they flooded every
 > city with dialups.
Read again, this time for comprehension.  I did not say Winternet
was a BBS.  Merely that smaller ISPs have many of the undesirable
characteristics found in BBS systems.
 > Any professional knows better than to read private
 > mail...and if this is so...then they aren't worthy of having
 > a site to run
For legal purposes, most BBS systems declare that for the
purposes of the ECPA, there is no such thing as private mail on
their system.  The Sysop is then free to read anything he wishes
to.  This policy is clearly stated in the user agreements of
almost all BBS systems offering access to the public.
 > as for PGP, this is an individual thing....I'm sure mike
 > has no such objections...i know here at MindVox we
 > don't...in fact, we installed it for the users
Many BBS Sysops forbid PGP and kick users off their systems who
use it.  They cite fears of encrypted illegal porn and credit
card numbers passing through their systems, and potential legal
 > Netcom is an abomination.....it is the only one of its kind
 > (not counting delphi etc, since they were conceived under
 > differnent systems)
Netcom is the fastest growing and leading Internet Service
Provider.  Their ability to attract new customers is limited only
by the rate at which they are able to increase capacity.  Their
respect for freedom of expression is absolute and they do not
meddle in their customers' affairs.  Their prices are reasonable
and their user agreement is fair.  Works for me. :)
 > They suck network services off others (irc as one example)
 > and don't take responsibilty for the HUGE number of idiots
 > on their service who maliciously hack anything they can
 > reach....its totally without personality...AND....its slower
 > than molasses...the management is out of touch with the
 > users and they are so overloaded with trouble reports, they
 > don't know what to do with them.
Perhaps an exaggerated description of Netcom a few months ago,
but certainly not the current state of affairs.  I always get a
line when I dial in, response time is reasonable, disk is
abundant, and almost all software is available.  Speed of network
connections to other sites is quite acceptable.
 > This has got to be one of the largest loads of crap I've
 > seen tossed on this list in the year and a half i've lurked
 > on it.
Everyone is certainly entitled to an opinion, which, in the words
of Robert Blake, is one of the two things all humans have. :)
 > oh...btw...i don't have ANY connection to winternet, other
 > than knowing MANY satisfied customers, and having heard
 > alot about them, as a sysadmin for a site in much the same
 > situation.
The number of satisfied customers is not the measure of a site,
any more than the number of people still alive is the measure of
a disease.
Netcom works with the reliability of the phone company.  It is
always there, almost always up, and is redundant enough that when
something breaks, it is still usable.  I pay my $19.50 a month
and I get unlimited everything.  I'm happy.

@_date: 1995-01-06 21:57:33
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Netcom is not a good example (Was: Re: Files and mail) 
> Yeah. They only kill accounts when people criticize
 > NetCruiser. :-P
 > Netcom is hardly an example of a quality service provider.
 > They suffer periodic long term news and email delays; their
 > service personnel are rude, slow, and unprofessional (read:
 > Bruce Woodcock & the above incident);
NetCruiser is a "work in progress" and continues to evolve in the
right direction.  Bruce Sterling Woodcock is history.  On the
rare occasions when I have interacted with support at netcom.com,
their responses have been both helpful and provided in a timely
 > Their security has been compromised countless times
This is Unix.  Not a problem exclusive to Netcom.
 > They are home to some of the most infamous net.kooks and
 > net.cretins (like Tom Servo, currently), ...
I suppose I should be pleased that you have not included me by
name in the list. :)
 > Frankly, I'd rather have a Winternet account than a Netcom
 > account.
Fine with me.  As long as *I* don't have to have a Winternet

@_date: 1995-01-10 08:44:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: netcom discussion in news.admin.misc 
> I've mentioned to Netnews that a good first step would be to
 > make it harder to forge messages by changing the news
 > software to no longer accept a user-supplied "Sender:" line
 > in the article header, and he has agreed.  However, I fail
 > to understand just *what* is taking so long to make this
 > (much needed) change.
The problem here is that the news transport mechanism is not
particularly resistant to arbitrary text being posted by a user.
Newsreaders can check for forged "From:" or "Sender:" lines, but
newsreaders then call shell scripts like inews and injnews to
process their material.  Users can call these scripts directly
and bypass any checks by the newsreader.  None of this requires
any special privs, and only the lowest level of the news
transport mechanism, relaynews, requires set-user-id netnews to
The latest version of Tin does check for forged "From:" lines,
but the version Netcom runs allows anything to be posted.
Fudging the lower levels of the news transport mechanism to check
"From:" and "Sender:" lines can mess up other things, since
processes may need to inject news into the news stream which they
themselves did not author.
One solution to the problem is to have a secure level of the news
transport mechanism add an "Originator:" line to every message
which it handles. This will identify users attempting forgeries,
and will not require munging of an existing header line.

@_date: 1995-01-10 08:47:54
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Julf gets some negitive press!!! 
> bitch Siegel is complaining about net hoods again, ...
 > Such problems are further exacerbated by a computer in
 > Finland called the Anonymous Server, which exists for the
 > sole purpose of laundering computer messages, much like
 > dirty money is laundered through small island nations.
I predicted a while back, that when the time came for a serious
attack by authority types on anonymous remailers, we would see
the term "message laundering" suddenly spring into the public
 > Consequently, if you want to, say, threaten someone with
 > death, your risk of retribution is small, courtesy of the
 > Anonymous Server.
Well, I certainly wouldn't post death threats through Penet. At
the very least, it would threaten the existance of the server,
which is a valuable net.resource, and cause me to receive nasty
mail from Julf.  I think Bitch Siegel exaggerates the potential
danger of this particular system.

@_date: 1995-01-18 20:50:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Factorisation and Discrete Logs 
> You are right...  Given talks Ive had with Brian LaMacchia,
 > who broke a version of "Secure SunRPC" (a 192-bit prime), he
 > claims that the difficulty is reducing a D-L problem is
 > about the same amount of computation to factorize an RSA
 > modulus of approximately the same size..
Although DH and RSA are believed to be of approximately equal
difficulty given the same number of bits, DH is additionally
vulnerable because system designers usually publish an "official"
modulus and primitive root for everyone to use, whereas in RSA,
everyone has their own key.
To mount an attack on PGP, for instance, you must factor a key
for each person whose privacy you wish to compromise.  Breaking
Sun's published 192 bit DH modulus instantly broke SunRPC on all
machines using the protocol.  The latter was a lot less work than the former.

@_date: 1995-01-21 17:04:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: AA + Anonymous ECash = Unhappy Fundies 
> AA BBS is still up, and may well stay up for the whole time
 > Robert is in prison.  He has no other way to support his
 > family or pay for legal defense.  Also, outside of western
 > TN, OK, Utah, and other backwards places, what he is selling
 > is legal--even protected under the First Amendment.  (Though
 > some of it *is* kinda gross :-) )
But certainly no worse than the stuff which regularly flows
through a.b.p.tasteless and a.b.p.bestiality.
 > AA BBS is up to about 25,000 files.  There is a good chance
 > that they will be available through the internet at some
 > point.
It strikes me that this would be the perfect way to generate
consumer interest in anonymous digital cash protocols.  The
entire AA collection, hooked up to the net through a T-3, and
available for a nominal fee per GIF, could easily make the AA
Sysops millionaires by the time their sentences are over.  Such a
setup would make their pictures available to everyone, not just
the limited number of people their BBS has the capacity to
Perhaps the server could be placed securely overseas in a neutral
country which still respects privacy and free speech.  Orders could
be encrypted using the server's PGP key and the customer could specify the passphrase to be used to IDEA encrypt the "goods"
prior to shipment, ala NetBank.   > Trying to control information in the network age is about
 > as sucessful as pissing into the wind.
When the government pisses into the wind, the citizens get wet.

@_date: 1995-01-21 18:35:17
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: AA + Anonymous ECash = Unhappy Fundies 
> Actually, this strikes me as a worst case scenario as far
 > as promoting cryptography goes.
It's two things.  It's a "killer app" for strong crypto, and at
the same time, a crypto public relations disaster.
Let me now make the argument that the advantages of the first far
outweigh the disadvantages of the second.
Success in spreading cryptography will not be achieved by
convincing the government that we are all nice people with noble
motives and asking their permission.  It will be achieved by
writing neat code like PGP which protects privacy and individual
freedom regardless of the plans of the state.
The public has already been indoctrinated by the government that
cryptography permits Terrorists, Pedophiles, and Drug Dealers to
thumb their noses at law enforcement, and has been fed a
comprehensive series of alarmist scenarios about what this might
imply.  Terms like "message laundering" are beginning to be used
in the media to describe fundamental Cypherpunk technology, and
the level of public anxiety about such issues is being
deliberately raised.
Robert Anton Wilson once commented that freedom and democracy
make infrequent appearances in the totality of human history
because "All you have to do is frighten the people, and they will
beg you to take their freedoms away." We probably only have a
short time remaining in which to implement a privacy-friendly
world Net before the Powers That Be(tm) engineer consent for the
implementation of something much more Draconian.
Given the current political climate, there is therefore little
incremental heat likely to be born from the revelation that
strong crypto permits people to purchase AA GIFs, and
considerable likely benefit from being able to implement and test
strong crypto based digital cash technology in conjunction with a
virtually unlimited highly motivated customer base.
There is also the added advantage of generating revenue to assist
the AA BBS Sysops with their legal problems, before the
precedents created become OUR legal problems.
 > Don't get me wrong--I have no interest in telling people
 > they can't look at whatever pictures they want, or prevent
 > others from selling those pictures to them. But...to make
 > such a close association between what Joe Public considers
 > degenerate trash and cryptography....
Some Islamic country (I forget which one) quashed opposition by
the clergy to the introduction of television by reading the Koran
over the first television channel to be installed.  Our
government does much the same in reverse, by demonstrating to the
stupid peasants how unwanted cryptographic technology can be used
to conceal pictures of naked children or bomb plans.
 > The "cause" will do much better if the first major
 > association is made with something much less controversial.
 > Girl Scout cookies, say.
Fear, Greed, and Gonads are the major human motivators which must
be tapped for symmmetry-breaking change in social organization to
occur. AA GIFs are directly targeted at the third of these.  Girl
Scout Cookies have no significant cross-section with any of these
motivators, are already available everywhere, and are much more
difficult to transmit in binary form. :)

@_date: 1995-01-23 08:15:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Writer Sets Sights on Net 
I noticed the following solicitation mini-spamming its way into
a number of newsgroups yesterday.  Looks like yet another person
plans a lurid expose of online services, BBS systems, and the Net.
REQUEST FOR INFORMATION
I am currently writing a book length manuscript entitled :
"Crash and Burn:
A Parents Guide To The Dangers On The Information SuperHighway."
I am seeking real events that are "public record" either
newspaper articles or court documents which involve the following
criminal activity:
1.) Sexual predators who have commited sex crimes on minors with
a connection to a local computer bulletin board or a national
on-line service such as Prodigy, Compuserve, or America On Line.
2.) Teenage computer hackers who have been charged with any type
of telephone fraud, unauthorized access to another computer, or
similar crimes.
3.) Any teenagers involved in making explosives with information
obtained from a computer bulletin board.
4.) Any selling of illegal drugs involving minors on a computer
bulletin board.
5.) Any other crimes invloving teenagers as either victims or
perpetrators with the use of modems or any manner in
Any information must be a public record that can be verified by
my literary agency and my publisher.
Also would be interested in hearing from victims or perpetrators
willing to be interviewed "off the record", and/or willing to
appear on national talk shows.
If you have any such information please contact me as follows:
Jerome Haden
E-Mail: FMGG44A at prodigy.com

@_date: 1995-07-17 13:05:07
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: "Judgement Proof" and Putting Up or Shutting Up 
I'll take a wild guess and say the Council on Foreign Relations or some such thing.  If memory serves me correctly, David Sternlight
is a member.
BTW, I'm back on the list after a few months of working on a project.  Did I miss anything interesting?  PGP hasn't been
broken in some trivial fashion, I hope.

@_date: 1995-10-02 23:02:32
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Introducing Johnson-Grace 
In an unsolicited advertisement,
 > You may have never heard of Johnson-Grace Company, but you
 > have probably seen the benefits of our image compression
 > technology in America Online and Apple's eWorld.
Two painfully slow online services.
 > In fact, ART formatted images transmit three times faster
 > over conventional telephone lines than old-style GIFs and
 > JPEGs.
This might very well be true for a restricted set of images, but
I seriously doubt that arbitrary color photographic images take
three times less space with this system than with JPEG given
comparable retention of detail.
Also, are we suggesting that images transmit exactly three times
faster as both GIF and JPEG.  This is somewhat odd, given that
the difference in size between the two latter formats is often a
factor of ten? If you can beat JPEG by a factor of three, you can
beat GIF by about a factor of 30.
If you really can do this, you should be working on MPEG-4, and
not spamming our nice little list with advertising material.  I
should point out that neither Fractals, Lapped transforms, or
Wavelets can beat JPEG by a factor of three, and neither, I
suspect, can you.
[Huge Self-Promotion and Wonders of the Product Elided]
 > For example, our proprietary Splash(TM) feature displays a
 > full-size image in roughly one second; the image then
 > becomes sharper as more detail is received and decompressed
 > in additional layers, producing a high-quality final image
 > within seconds.
JPEG can do this quite easily with either the progressive or
hierarchical modes of transmission.  Why reinvent the wheel?
The engineering graveyard is littered with the bodies of various
entities who announced spectacular image compression advances. In
each case, reality dawned shortly after the hype died down.
 > Additionally, Johnson-Grace is in discussions with all the
 > other major Web browser companies to include ART technology
 > in their products. We expect broad support by the end of the
 > year.
Translation: We've learned how to use the "associate" command in
WinDoze File Manager.
 > For example, later this year you'll see news of ART speech
 > compression technology that will enable publishers to author
 > interleaved sound and images for real-time playback at
 > 14,400 bits per second.
It's been done.  Do the words "low bandwidth videoconferencing"
ring a bell?  I'll be truely surprised if you can beat
PictureTel's complex proprietary algorithm for sound and image
[Silly Form Deleted]
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1995-10-24 22:53:32
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Mark Twain Bank (was: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal) 
>My
 >understanding is that the _bank account_ is FDIC insured, but not
 >the ECash. I could be wrong -- their materials are extremely confusing
 >and hard to follow.
I read the entire lengthy contract and found quite a few things
which appear to be designed to cover the bank's posterior.
1.  Both parties stipulate that their relationship is a     business relationship and not a fiduciary relationship.
2.  Your account is not FDIC insured. 3.  The bank accepts no liability for anything going wrong,     although it may, at its sole option, attempt to make
    ammends.
4.  Parties agree to wave a jury trial.
5.  Parties agree to binding arbitration. 6.  General waffling to the effect that the tiny fees collected
    imply an equally tiny responsiblity and potential liability
    on the part of the bank.  Now most of this language also appears in the fine print of the
First Virtual agreement, so it is not like you have an option
of trading on the Internet under the rules which govern your
ordinary checking account. One wonders whether signing away all responsibilty on the part of
the bank is going to be the standard for using digital money
on the Internet, or whether consumers will demand protection
when using these new services.  One has to be careful that when new technology replaces old, the privacy protection which applied to the old also applies to the
new.  Good examples of this in the past are the ways in which the rights you have to the privacy of paper mail generally fail to be extended to Email, and of course "regulation E", which exempted
bank accounts which were capable of Electronic Funds Transfer from
a great deal of the protection which used to govern users of
ordinary checking accounts. On the brighter side, Dr. Chaum's success in convincing someone
to back DigiCash with actual US dollars certainly makes advances
in breaking public key cryptography worth a great more than the
tiny prizes currently offered by RSADSI. It will be interesting to see how this all works out in the
next few months.  Arjen Lenstra is planning on factoring RSA-130
on the Web for a high performance computing conference later this
year.  This should lead to some very robust estimates for the
amount of computing power needed for GNFS to break 512 bit PGP
keys.  Does anyone know the details of the DigiCash protocol, or how
much computing power it would take someone to make counterfeit coins?       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-01 16:59:52
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
> The surface layers above the active portion of a chip can
 > be stripped away and chip remains functional. This includes
 > the outer packaging layers (epoxy, or of course, ceramic
 > with metal lids) and parts of the so-called "scratch
 > protection," usually a type of silicate glass.
 > The active capacitors are not affected by removal of these
 > layers.
True, but removing packaging materials and protective layers is a
long way from imaging the charges tunneled to and from the
floating gates of EEPROM cells, which is the particular
application we are discussing.
Also bear in mind that in a real device, the tamper-resistant
packaging will be considerably more intractable than conventional
semiconductor packaging, and these devices are often designed to
automatically erase all data if signs of tampering are detected.
 > Actually, we did it all the time in my lab at Intel, and I
 > understand from my former co-workers that the technology has
 > only gotten better. (This does not mean voltage contrast is
 > easy. For one thing, modern chips have 3-5 metal layers, due
 > to spectacular advances in chem-mechanical polishing, and
 > each metal layer acts as a ground plane shielding the lower
 > layers from visibility and inspection with electron beams.
Yes.  This is truely impressive technology which continues to
improve with leaps and bounds.  SEM/TEM/STEM voltage-contrast
techniques are a major tool for failure analysis of semiconductor
devices, and AFM instruments can do voltage measurements on
running devices down to nanometer and picosecond resolutions.
 > And EPROM and EEPROM cells are effectively impossible to
 > analyze, for various reasons.)
Correct.  Which is one of the reasons why they are currently the
favored mode of storage for smart card applications.
 > This does not mean I think reverse-engineering of smart
 > cards or satellite boxes is easy.
While I don't necessarily disagree with Perry that sufficiently
advanced technology can reverse-engineer almost anything (the
kind of advanced technology that is indistinguishable from
magick), I think there are practical engineering difficulties in
doing such things today which are either insurmountable or at the
very least a strong indication that there are better ways to
approach the problem.
 > SQUIDs won't do it, either.
At the risk of offending Mr. Squid, I must say that SQUIDs were a
big disappointment given the initial hype and expended research
BTW, I attempted to read all your writings on "Tamper-Resistant
Modules" in the list archives, but as fate would have it, hks.net
has taken the archives offline for a few days to do some sort of
I did get this very nice Cyber Wallet thing off their Web Page,
however, which uses "DES and Full 768 Bit RSA." Although I must
admit I'm not exactly sure what "full" means in this particular
context. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-02 00:20:43
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Nasty-Quibble-Punks 
> Turns out Perry is wrong about this.
Shhhh.  Never say the "w-word" in front of Perry. :)
 > I believe that UV EPROMs and probably EEPROMs do indeed
 > work by storing charge on a buried, totally-isolated
 > capacitor.
That is correct.  A very thin layer of dielectric material is
placed on top of a MOS gate.  This "floating gate" can be charged
by applying enough voltage for electrons to tunnel through the
dielectric and charge the gate, which switches the transistor. In
the EPROM, the stored electrons can be given enough energy from
exposure to ultraviolet light to tunnel back out which erases the
Unfortunately, as the geometry shrinks, a longer and longer
exposure to the light is required for erasure, which becomes
annoyingly long for sub-micron technologies.
 > The capacitor is charged with a system called
 > "Fowler-Nordheim tunneling," which involves placing a
 > relatively high voltage on a nearby electrode and causing
 > the thin interface to temporarily conduct.
Almost.  The EEPROM is an advance over the EPROM which permits
the device to be erased electrically.  Fowler-Nordheim Tunneling
is an effect whereby low energy electrons can sneak through the
dielectric in the presence of a very high electric field.  In the
EEPROM, this is used to discharge the floating gates in place of
the UV exposure.  Programming is still done by applying a voltage
high enough to tunnel through the dielectric as in the EPROM.
 > The charge, surprisingly enough, is stable for years, in
 > fact decades, and probably (statistically) centuries at room
 > temperature.
I've never done any calculations, but the charge stays around
"long enough."
The major drawback is that the dielectric is very thin, and
degrades after after hundreds of thousands or millions of write
cycles to the point where the floating gate can no longer retain
a charge.  Therefore such devices are limited in the number of
write cycles they can undergo before wearing out.
 > UVEPROMS are erased, naturally enough, by exposing them to
 > UV light, which is usually produced by a mercury vapor
 > lamp.  This UV causes enough electrons to be excited into
 > upper electron shells in the insulator to temporarily turn
 > it into a slight conductor, and the charge dissipates.  I
 > think EEPROMs are erased by, more or less, reversing the
 > voltage on the charging electrode.
It's more of a case of the trapped electrons absorbing a high
energy photon and getting enough energy to tunnel through the
dielectric, but you have the general idea.  EEPROM erasure is as
described above.
 > As for keeping the charge when that insulator is stripped
 > off, that would be a problem.  It isn't that a vacuum isn't
 > a good enough insulator; it is, but it would be hard to
 > imagine a technique to strip off an SiO2 insulator that
 > doesn't also allow a substantial amount of charge to flow.
 > You could strip it off with HF (hydrofluoric acid) but
 > that's electrically conductive.  Even a gas-phase process
 > would probably result in enough conductive products to
 > discharge the capacitor.
The charge is minute, the dielectric is thin, and damage to the
dielectric would leak the charge.  I'm not sure what a secondary
electron spectrum from a beam that penetrated the dielectric
would disclose about the charge on the gate, but I would tend to
think the dielectric would interfere with tunneling or atomic
force instruments trying to take such measurements.  Again, this
is Tim's area of expertise, and he can probably give you the gory
details on why the state of such devices is difficult to image.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-09 06:29:46
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Australia's New South Wales tries net-censorship 
>> Makes me wonder if browser companies/authors couldn't be
 >> dragged into any such conflicts. If Person A inadvertently
 >> stumbles across Pedophiles 'R' Us on the net, and quickly
 >> moves on, I have yet to see a browser that lets him/her say
 >> "quick - delete that last cacheing operation", thus *making*
 >> him/her 'guilty' of criminal possession.
 > Netscape in the Cache Preferences has a button to delete
 > your cache contents so button would seem to serve this need
 > (while being a little overkill for this capability since it
 > deletes everything and you must then rebuild your cache from
 > scratch).
While I doubt that many people inadvertantly stumble across the
mother load of illegal porn on the Web, the "store and forward"
nature of Usenet can certainly create such problems, particularly
for those in the habit of grabbing all new messages in their
favorite newsgroups before reading them.
I'd be interested to know if the courts have ever had a case in
which a person has been declared to have been in "possession" of
illegal material merely by virtue of its momentary presence in
their cache, screen buffer, or usenet spool.
There is a case now involving the University of Pittsburgh in
which the Feds are attempting to prove that an individual was in
possession of certain child porn images on his own PC during a
brief span of time in 1993.
There was also a case in which a BBS operator was charged based
on an allegedly illegal image found in a directory containing
unchecked user uploads.  Had the cops done nothing, the image
would have been wiped shortly thereafter.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-10 22:21:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Job at C2.NET 
My experience has been that few people flock to apply for jobs whose titles contain certain magic words like "junior"
or "trainee."  Such things can be embarrassing when explaining
to professional friends exactly what one does for a living. Since titles cost nothing, compared to real perqs like an office
with a window, expensive furniture, or sliding doors opening out
into a lush tropical garden, it behooves employers to make them
as impressive-sounding as possible.  It's sort of the high-tech
version of McDonalds' "Burger Flipper of the Month" plaque.
Might I therefore suggest some alternatives...
             DEPUTY SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR
             ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION
             SENIOR TECHNICAL CONSULTANT, UNIX SERVER DIVISION
             SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT FOR ONLINE SERVICES
Nothing to do with crypto, of course, but it does help to give the junior dorks some self-esteem.  :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-15 17:46:13
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
> On a more serious note, does anyone know what is happening
 > with Arjen Lenstra and RSA-130?  Last I heard back in late
 > December, FAFNER, the magic WWW sieving dragon, had collected
 > more than enough relations from participants to yield a
 > factorization.  Surely they have not spent an additional four
 > months crunching the big boolean matrix at CWI.
 > Apparently the Cray they are using to crunch the matrix is
 > busy with higher priority users and they have not been able
 > to squeeze in enough CPU time.  I was told at the beginning
 > of March that they didn't expect to finish before late
 > April, but now it looks like the job will take another two
 > to three months.  Anyone got a spare supercomputer laying
 > around?
 > On April 10, 1996, we found that [RSA-130] has the following
 > factorization
 > RSA-130 = 39685999459597454290161126162883786067576449112810064832555157243
 >         * 45534498646735972188403686897274408864356301263205069600999044599
 > Using Peter Montgomery's Cray implementation of his blocked
 > Lanczos algorithm (cf. [M95]), it took 67.5 CPU-hours and
 > 700 Mbyte central memory on the Cray-C90 at the SARA
 > Computer Center in Amsterdam to do the linear algebra.
It appears that the estimates of "another two to three months"
were overly pessimistic.
Does anyone know how big a check Jim Bidzos has to write for this
one?  Also, a ballpark guess of how this result extrapolates to
the MIPS years required to factor a 512 bit PGP key would
probably be of interest to all.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-16 08:42:34
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
> I have been wondering about malicious hackers getting into
 > these pools. would it be possible for them to contribute
 > false data that screws up the end results? or are such
 > anomalies easily discarded or disregarded by the final
 > processes?
If you are doing a distributed search of a key space, then it is
of course possible that people, either accidently or
deliberately, may fail to correctly do their part of the search
and report misleading results.  You may recall a hostile attack
on SSL a while back where the design was flawless but the desired
key failed to appear when the results of the individual searches
were merged.
Fortunately, where integer factorization is concerned, it is
trivial to verify the full and partial relations for correctness
and discard any bad data during the counting process.  Thus there
is no chance of garbage making it into the final reduction.
 > there is a reduction step in the NFS (number field sieve,
 > technique used to factor large numbers) in which all the
 > collected data is mashed. how sensitive is this process to
 > spurious data? i.e. if there was a little bit of bad data
 > in its computation, does it completely screw it up, or is it
 > robust and resistant to this kind of problem?
The input to the reduction step is simply a large number of ways
of making the number "1" by multiplying together elements of the
factor base, all modulo the number of be factored.  Given an
overdetermined set of such relations, one can can search for
linearly dependent combinations of their exponents modulo 2. Each
such dependency permits one to construct a relation in which all
the exponents are even, and possibly a non-trivial square root of
1 modulo N.  Since each dependency has at least a 50-50 chance of
yielding a factor of N, only a handful of them are needed.
Certainly bad data in the matrix could cause problems, but the
matrix is sparse and damage would probably be localized.  You
might get out some dependencies that weren't real, but unless you
had quite a lot of garbage data, you would probably get enough
good ones to succeed.  Non-relations involving small primes would
probably be more poisonous than ones involving the high end of
the factor base.  In any case, as I stated earlier, it is trivial
to guarantee all the data going into the final reduction has been
 > it seems to me that in many cases, these collaborative
 > projects virtually cannot check the validity of the
 > supplied data without repeating the computation effort,
 > although there may be good tests that tend to screen out
 > "most" bad data.
 > future implementors of these programs might amuse
 > themselves with trying to create such safeguards or
 > anticipate such "attacks" which are pretty significant the
 > more the processes become distributed.
The only safeguards I can think of when doing a distributed
search of a keyspace are to randomly assign each area to be
searched to multiple participants, and to encapsulate the
software in some sort of hack-resistant module, possibly
calculating a running hash which could be checked when results
were submitted to the central authority.
If you have 10,000 volunteers, each searching 0.01% of the
keyspace using a klutz-proof software module, quite a few
sophisticated users would have to collaborate to create a
significant chance of missing the key.
In cyptography, as in life, there are no guarantees.
     Mike          $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-18 09:06:36
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
> These stickers on CDs were actually very useful. Kids could
 > spot more quickly the juicy stuff. The taste of forbidden
 > fruit is so much better.
 > Likewise, the "age bit" that some are talking about will be
 > similarly useful. Minors will be unambiguously
 > identified--no more "is she or isn't she?"--and actions
 > taken accordingly.
This is just another great example of the Law of Unintended
One of the nice things about the Internet is that kids can
explore all sorts of subjects in the safety of their living room,
providing they follow a few simple rules about not giving out
personal information like their age, name, address, and phone
number, and don't arrange meetings or use information they obtain
without checking first with a well-clued caregiver.
An "age bit" definitely qualifies as the disclosure of "personal
information" about the user.
 > (Several years from now, I see a great hue and cry over the
 > fact that the "age bit" mandated by "The Children's Internet
 > Protection Act of 1997" will be used to deny the protection
 > of adult-seeming personnas to children. Pedophiles and the
 > like will find their tasks easier, and the Act's supporters
 > will say "But that's not what we intended!!")
I think the "age bit" will solve a lot of problems we have now
with 50 year old wankers posing as 12 year olds on pedo IRC
channels. :)

@_date: 1996-04-26 19:33:55
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
> "Krakatoa--East of Java"
An excellent Rant in which our Titular Leader, Tim May, sings the
praises of Java and denounces an evil sect of Crypto Separatists,
the self-described "Coderpunks."
 > Well, I was not invited to join the elite and secret
 > coderpunks list, but I still have some thoughts on coding
 > and, especially, on the opportunities offered by Java. Sorry
 > if this interferes with discussions of Rabbi Heir and Morris
 > Dees.
Given the various parameters which determine the life and death
of mailing lists, I fully expect Coderpunks to become moribund
within six months, and its members to reunify with this list.
Very few of these "I'm going to start my own list with less
noise" adventures ever make it long term, absent the
personalities and critical mass of interesting information which
drove the list they spun off from.
 > 1. Java is of course not a perfect language, nor even the
 > best for specific applications. Other languages will
 > continue to thrive. Critics of the language and related
 > items (applet model, JDK, JITs, etc.) may point to various
 > problems (e.g. security).
 > 2. However, the "big picture" is compelling. Java arrives
 > at a time when a Babel of languages and platforms threatens
 > interoperability. C++ is despised by many (though, to be
 > fair, liked by many, too), and developers are adopting
 > Visual Basic (and the vbx widgets, etc.), PowerBuilder,
 > Delphi, flavors of Smalltalk (no pun intended), and
 > scripting languages (Perl, TCL, Python, etc.).
I completely agree with this.  Java incorporates the type of
automatic corruption-proof memory management found in languages
like APL, the basic notions of object oriented programming, fast
dynamic linking, and a C-like program structure.
This is powerful combination of features and gives Java the
potential to do all the platform-independent things that were
advertised for C before the rude reality of thousand line
makefiles reared its ugly head. . The complete specification of
the Java Virtual Machine means that the behavior of Java programs
is perfectly well-defined, and one does not have to tweek
anything which is processor or operating system dependent.
In the future, I expect Java bytecode to become a significant
channel for the distribution of popular applications, with
compilation to fast native code on numerous platforms.
Java is clean, and its concepts are easily understandable even by
persons whose eyes glaze over after the first 30 pages of the C++
 > 4. What is so compelling, to me, is that Java programs have
 > an excellent chance of running on various flavors of Unix,
 > on Windows-95 and NT systems, on Macs, and on other systems
 > without changes, and without any special compilers bought by
 > the users! (Netscape browsers, and even Microsoft browsers,
 > are able to view applets, or soon will be. And cheap or free
 > applet viewers are available.)
Expect NT to be a Unix-killer in the future.  It can be ported to
any machine, and its microkernel client-server design with
pluggable third-party APIs permits it to manifest simultaneously
the personalities of numerous different operating systems.
Contrast this with the many different binary incompatible Unix
flavors and its marketing advantage becomes clear.  NT sales just
broke one billion per year and are climbing steadily.
NT and Java will be the big players in the future.  If Netscape
becomes its own OS, requiring no Microsoft software, it will
probably capture the low-end "Web TV" market.
 > 6. One can imagine several applets of interest to
 > Cypherpunks. The ability to fairly transparently run them on
 > multiple platforms, effectively bypassing the platform
 > dependencies, is very important. Check out Hal Finney's site
 > for some "crytographic primitive" applets he's written.
Indeed.  One can imagine a nice set of Java classes and methods
which interoperates with PGP, and has none of the fixed buffer
allocation, limits, and awkward memory management present in PGP.
Java tends to do the kinds of things PGP does very cleanly, and
implementors can worry about the algorithms without being
distracted by housekeeping.  Any code produced can instantly be
used by others in their applications.  This is a powerful
paradigm, encourages others to expand on existing work, and
renders kludges like "PGPTools" unnecessary.
 > 10. "Mindshare" is the real story. Java arrives at the
 > right time. Cypherpunks needs--those needs that go beyond
 > just the "sealed envelopes and signatures" level which PGP
 > provides so well--are likely to fit in with this Net-centric
 > communications model. (I'm already thinking in terms of Java
 > applets for building blocks for Cypherpunk sorts of things.)
Java Applets, mobile crypto agents, and the new Web-centric view
of cyberspace will go a long way towards encouraging the
planet-wide use of strong crypto, as well as effectively swatting
annoying mosquitos like ITAR.
Indeed, with Java, I can put up a Web page which teaches someone
about a cryptographic algorithm, allows him to try it out and run
sample data through it, and provides him with a
platform-independent implementation of it to use as he wishes.
All in one fell swoop.  That's a pretty powerful concept.
Java has come at the right time, and it will produce chaotic
change in the existing order.
Should be interesting.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-27 15:47:46
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
> The complete specification of the Java Virtual Machine means
 > that the behavior of Java programs is perfectly
 > well-defined, and one does not have to tweek anything which
 > is processor or operating system dependent.
 > Unfortunately, this last statement isn't really true.  To
 > quote from the "Java Security" paper from some Princeton
 > researchers:
 >      The Java language has neighter a formal semantics nor
 >      a formal description of its type system.  We do not
 >      know what a Java program means, in any formal sense, so
 >      we cannot reason formally about Java and the security
 >      properties of the Java libraries written in Java. Java
 >      lacks a formal description of its type system, yet the
 >      security of Java relies on the soundness of its type
 >      system.
This is overly pessimistic.  Java primitive data types are fully
specified and Java operators are well-defined in the sense that
their results are unambiguous with specified input.  One
certainly does not have situations as one has in C, where things
like "int" or what happens to the sign bit on certain shifts is
left up to the implementor's discretion.  Even the typical "side
effects" tricks with passed parameters should be impossible with
Java programs.
While it is true that formal meta-language descriptions of Java
semantics and the universe of Java types are not currently
provided for the language, and the traditional kinds of formal
correctness proofs haven't been published, the language is
sufficiently simple and restricted to make it unlikely that major
loopholes will be discovered in this area.  I would be truly
surprised, for instance, if instruction sequences which
unbalanced the stack, wrote out of bounds, or accessed memory
locations as inconsistant types, were discovered to slip past a
bytecode verifier correctly implemented according to Sun's
Saying that the current specification does not support formal
proofs of correctness is far different than saying that the
language itself is broken.
 >      The Java bytecode is where the security properties
 >      must ultimately be verified . . . .  Unfortunately, it
 >      is rather difficult to verify the bytecode. . . .  The
 >      present type verifier cannot be proven correct, because
 >      there is not a formal description of the type system.
Again, he is not saying that the type verifier isn't correct,
merely that the materials with which to construct a proof have
not yet been dumped on top of his desk.
 >      Object-oriented type systems are a current research
 >      topic; it seems unwise for the system's security to
 >      rely on such a mechanism without a strong theoretical
 >      foundation.  It is not certain that an informally
 >      specified system as large and complicated as Java
 >      bytecode is consistent.
Not certain, but very very likely.  Due to the restricted nature
of Java and the bytecode, the checks that need to be done are
fairly simple transitive closures of relations involving local
program structure.  While the general theory of object-oriented
runtime structures can get hairy, Java's elimination of things
like multiple inheritance makes its own corner of this universe
considerably more tractable.
 >      We conclude that the Java system in its current form
 >      cannot easily be made secure.  Significant redesign of
 >      the language, the bytecode format, and the runtime
 >      system appear to be necessary steps toward building a
 >      higher-assurance system. . . . Execution of remotely-
 >      loaded code is a relatively new phenomenon, and more
 >      work is required to make it safe.
This summary might be a bit more impressive if the author had
included a bytecode fragment or two as a concrete example of
where such changes were necessitated.
 > I do think that the ideas embodied in Java are very
 > important, and will significantly shape the future of
 > computing, but Java itself may be just a stepping stone on
 > the way.
I think Java, as currently specified, is going to be around for
quite a while.  I further think that the concerns expressed above
will be addressed by augmentation of the existing specifications
and by construction of the necessary proofs of correctness, and
not by drastic surgery on the language and virtual machine as
they currently exist.
In any case, the anarchy of the free market rarely takes notice
of the theoretical musings of academicians.  Until Java
experiences a catastrophic and public train wreck, people will
continue to use it and its reputation will continue to grow.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-29 11:22:50
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
> I like Java -- I'm not a professional programmer, and Java
 > is a lot easier for me to work with than C++.  And I can buy
 > the argument that for many people the benefits of applets
 > will outweigh the security risks.
I hope everyone here realizes that Java is not just about
Applets. Applets are simply one of many abstract classes in Java,
suitable for further refinement into things that get plugged into
Web pages.
Java itself is a full-blown programming language, like C or C++,
with command line processing conventions, runtime libraries, and
all the other amenities of procedure-oriented programming
languages.  You can write anything you want in Java, and execute
the program at a shell prompt by simply typing its name followed
by some arguments.  (Perhaps you might have to alias "name" to
"java name", but you get the general idea)
While the security issues being discussed are indeed important
for Applets, where untrusted code from God-knows-where comes into
intimate contact with the program visible decor of ones platform,
they are less important when Java is used as an ordinary
programming language, in order to take advantage of its
platform-independence and incorruptable run-time structure.
Again, this is not directed at Alex or anyone else specifically,
but some of the messages I have read here recently have given the
distinct impression that people are thinking of Java as a
language solely for writing Applets, as opposed to something more
general and a bullet-proof replacement for C++ and C.
I think we'll be seeing a lot of things written in Java in the
future.  A good first start would be a set of Daemons for Unix
which run on any platform and are totally immune to the
buffer-overrun type holes which permit people to easily break
into systems.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-02 06:41:23
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: FPGAs and Heat (Re: Paranoid Musings) 
That's one of the things that killed Thinking Machines.  It turned out
that a standard supercomputer with PIM chips for memory could give the
same performance for less money.  The PIMs did the massively parallel
computation with the standard architecture redistributing data as needed
using high bandwidth scatter-gather operations and moves.
At the time Thinking Machines went under, Seymour Cray had a big contract
for Cray Computer to deliver a PIM Cray machine to the government, but he
missed some deadlines, got cancelled, and his company went down the tubes
as well.  Too bad, it would have been a nice box. BTW, I gave up trying to predict innovations after being dragged down to see an early version of Visi-Calc running on an Apple, and horribly insulting the developers with comments like "But why would anyone want to emulate a ledger sheet?" and "I hope you guys didn't spend a lot of
time on this."  After repeating such performances at startups like Lotus
and Infocom, I realized that predictive history was not one of my talents.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-02 11:29:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Tolerance 
There is nothing to defend.  Anyone, including Dr. Sternlight, may
join this list at any time by mailing a "Suscrive" message to toad.com, and may leave it at any subsequent time by sending another message that says "unSuscrive."  It's totally user-operated.  No intervention by anyone else required. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-03 05:00:23
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: FPGAs and Heat (Re: Paranoid Musings) 
The current Thinking Machines is a software firm, and Daniel Hillis is no
longer amongst the top management.  The name lives on, but the business
of designing, building, and selling exotic supercomputers is kaput.
Not an uncommon story in the computer business.  Even Control Data Corporation still exists in a transmogrified form, although their
mainframe business went up in smoke ages ago.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-03 14:07:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: More evidence that democracy is bunk 
RAW was fond of pointing out that in spite of the current love of
democratic government, free societies are actually infrequent and
short-lived blips on the historical landscape.  Something about basic human nature and "all you have to do is rock the boat a little and the people will beg the government to take their
rights away."
Since the government is usually in the best position to do any necessary cage-rattling, perpetual freedom is an illusory concept.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-06 10:04:48
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: SSNs (was Re: Internal Passports) 
The original SSN was never intended to be used as a form of identification, or so the government claimed.  You may request
from the government a taxpayer ID number, which you may then use
in lieu of your SSN for identification purposes, if you desire
to hold the government to its original promise. Of course, using a Taxpayer ID everywhere provides you with no more
anonymity than using an SSN everywhere.  Such is life.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-06 14:55:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
> Predictably, I got e-mail threatening me with legal action
 > (ha!) and claiming me to be a racist.
 > I promise not to ask my potential employees for legal proof
 > of their right to work if the Feds and Sacramentans promise
 > not to make it a law that I check such things, and if the
 > laws are not written such that I am a felon for not asking
 > for such documents from a dark, dusky Mexican but not from a
 > blonde- or red-haired ubermensch.
Yet, when the laws are "improved" to apply to all equally, people
still bitch.
The producers of the geriatric porn film "Grandma Does Grandpa",
and the popular sequel, "Grandma Does Grandpa II", must show at
the beginning of the film the address where the legally required
affidavits proving that Grandma and Grandpa are over 18 years of
age are available for inspection.
If they fail to do this, of course, they are child pornographers,
and may fork over many decades of their lives and hundreds of
thousands of their dollars towards the official government
crusade to protect our nation's youth from exploitation.
The fact that Grandma and Grandpa are obviously within mere
months of buying the farm does nothing to mitigate their offense,
should they decide that the law is not worth bothering with.
"What are you in for?"
"Child Porn."
"How old were the kids?"
"In their mid 70s."
"Ewwwwwww.  That's sick man!  You're disgusting."
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-08 07:15:08
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Wee Beasties on Mars 
NASA is holding a news conference today to discuss the find.  I must admit I am curious as to how they determined the meteor's origin.  Most material in the solar system is similar in composition.  Definitely a news story worth following, however.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-09 13:17:34
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Going Postal (Was: Boom!) 
The Post Office has now jumped on the terrorist bandwagon by announcing that it will no longer be legal to drop any package
weighing over 16 ounces into a collection box. Larger packages will have to be presented in person at the Post Office, and I wouldn't be surprised if several forms of
ID were required.
Should wreak havoc with the mail order video tape rental business,
with those handy pre-paid 4th class labels you just slap on the tapes before dropping in the nearest mailbox. I suspect one could do a lot of damage to a mailbox with under 16
ounces of the proper explosive.  Perhaps one of our resident
Cypherpunks bomb experts could expand on this subject.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-09 16:53:45
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Going Postal (Was: Boom!) 
Most video rental by mail places, like Facets or Movies Unlimited, rent up to three tapes at once, and use a single appropriately
sized box.  I suppose they will have to start packaging each
tape separately. The typical package one sends back to a book club when they ship
you the latest pulp fiction even though you sent the little card
back in time weighs about two pounds. But, as Tim points out, there's always UPS, or one of the other
services that will pick up at your door and is happy to have your
business. The Washington Post says...
"Reacting to growing concerns about mail bombs, the Postal Service
said yesterday that it is taking the extrordinary step of prohibiting
customers from depositing any stamped packages weighing 16 ounces or
more in its collection boxes.
"Posthamster General Marvin T. Runyon said the action was being
taken to 'enhance security measures and to protect the traveling
public, postal employees, and postal contractors who transport
US mail.'"
Persons who use postage meters and mail domestically are exempt
from the new rule. (!)
So I guess if the video place sends you a metered sticker for the
return postage, you can still drop the tapes in the box. I'm not quite sure what they are trying to accomplish, other than
to leap on the "we're doing our part to inconvenience the public over
terrorism" bandwagon.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-13 12:02:30
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: "X-Ray Gun" for imperceptible searches 
Color me skeptical.
 > The gadget doesn't send out X-rays; instead, it picks up
 > electromagnetic waves emitted by human flesh.
Would these electromagnetic waves be something distinct from the
blackbody spectrum of a human-sized blob of "mostly water" at the
appropriate temperature?
Or to put it another way, is this just a sophisticated IR imager
thickly coated in snake oil and marketing hype?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-15 04:59:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Schlafly on crypto 
Horrors.  I'm agreeing with Phyllis Schlafly. I know I'm going to kick myself tomorrow for saying this, but I found
that to be a very nice rant against Big Brother in many of its manifestations.  Of course, we still have Little Brother (the family),
and Cousin Elmer (the Church), but isn't it nice to see that the RRR is on our side on such an important issue. Way to go Phyllis! :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-17 11:23:41
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: $10K offer if you can break the code 
Don't cash the check yet.  It's security by obscurity using the
highest quality "unpublished algorithms" and up to a 48 byte
key phrase.  He's only willing to send out the free version by return snail mail - no Net access.  Any crack you submit must also decrypt
other messages they will feed it, must be completely documented,
and any prize awards are at their sole descretion. He's also selling the high performance "9600 Baud" version for
$100.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-20 08:44:23
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Death of Usenet: Film at 11 
> There are of course now more than 20,000 newsgroups.
 > Searches and greps of the newsgroup list are a way to find
 > potentially relevant newsgroups for posting a message or
 > finding messages of interest.
 > (As is well-known, the Usenet Cabal gets its orders from
 > the Bilderbergers as to which newsgroups fit in with New
 > World Order sanctioned epistemologies.)
 > Some are saying there is an alternate method. With the
 > advent of search engines which can index messages on the
 > Usenet (and in Webspace, but the idea is the same), why not
 > this alternative: put your message in a bottle and just
 > throw it into the "sea" of possible messages. Let search
 > engines find the messages of interest (modulo a day or two
 > of latency, as the spiders reach the space where the message
 > was placed). No newsgroups needed.
Permit me to go off in an orthogonal direction here and say that
I think that we should do away with the concept of a pre-ordained
newsgroups in Usenet entirely, in favor of an IRC-like dynamic creation of message pools.
One of the nice things about IRC is that if the Empire State
Building suddenly blows up, you can tune to  and generally
find several hundred people interested in discussing it without
having to go through some complicated newgroup/rmgroup/discussion
The real data base of Usenet is the totality of messages, indexed
by message ID, and there are so many newsgroups now that allowing
the Newsgroups: line to have arbitrary contents in the message
header would do little to increase the confusion. Entering each
arbitrary entry in the Newsgroups: line into a secondary
searchable index would provide the same functionality as we have
now with the conventional arrangement of newsgroups.
News software would certainly be free to map the Usenet hierarchy
onto a directory structure, as is done today, or to simply keep
it as a large flat database with multiple indices, or to do any
combination of the above, such as an arrangement where populated
newsgroups get their own directory, and everything else resides
in a giant directory called "/usr/spool/news/krap."
With governments creating lists of "banned" newsgroups, and an
official creation process managed by the "Cabal", Usenet is much
more vulnerable to state control than it would be if newsgroups
were simply arbitrary strings which existed somewhere in the
current window into the history file.  A newsgroup would then
exist if there were messages in it, and wouldn't exist if it had
remained unused for some reasonable period of time.
Now that search engines are becoming the best way to read Usenet
anyway, and the Newsgroups: line is just another field in a set
of search specifications, there is no reasonable reason to limit
what may be placed there to some list of "20,000" pre-defined
strings, or some government controlled subset of the above.
If Singapore bans alt.sex.hooters, you could simply post to
alt.culture.singapore.i.got.your.hooters.right.here. This
would effectly jerk the rug out from under the "banned
newsgroups" gestapo, and create a namespace so large you would
always be able to construct an appropriately suggestive new entry
in the compliment of any part that was blocked.
It would also send the correct message that "newsgroups" are
simply one of many labels on an article, and are not cyberspacial
tearooms where bad people congregate and there is guilt by
The alternative to doing something reasonable like this is
probably to see mass migration from "banned newsgroups" to
off-topic groups, like Lolita pictures in rec.pets.cats, when the
inevitable crackdown comes. As long as people can post
anonymously, they will simply switch to another existing
newsgroup when the one they are posting to becomes blocked. Once
the inevitable reciprocal pissing contest between posters and
censors gets going, Usenet as we know it will likely be
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-20 13:41:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Naked woman decapitates man on Internet!!! 
It was...        "different"
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-22 12:09:35
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: 20 year key ? 
No.  Because of the nature of mathematical progress, no reputable
cryptographer will make predictions beyond 3-5 years.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-22 18:10:28
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [noise]Re: The grey lady puts on some boots and rides a horseman or two... 
Oh, we know about it all right.  We've heard nothing else on the news
for months on end.  A little war of sound bytes to the exclusion of
the hundreds of other children who were killed by their own parents
during the time we were fed this one-in-a-million occurrence as some
sort of prototypical child danger. Someone in "another newsgroup" recently commented that by the end of the trial, he was ready to vote the death penalty for Polly's father,
if that was the only way to make the man shut up. :)
Despite such press antics, home is still the most dangerous place for a child, and the parents are the most likely perps if a child
comes to harm.  Being kidnapped out of your bedroom by a stranger probably ranks
below random lightning strikes as something kids need to worry about.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-24 02:36:39
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: U.S. Army Private Faces Spying Charges 
The death penalty for spying on the part of members of the military
was part of the new and improved federal death penalty passed a number
of years back.  It added some 35 new federal death penalty offenses.
I don't recall whether saying "Clinton sucks" was included amongst them.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-31 06:06:43
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Penet Bites the Dust 
An interesting Net tidbit.  Note that the "International Conference
on Child Sexual Exploitation" in Stolkholm which served as a platform
for these accusations and various coordinated stories in numerous
media outlets is simply a circus put on by ECPAT, a well-known
pressure group whose propaganda is modeled after the now-defunct National Coalition on Pornography, and whose spurious and laughable
claims about child pornography and vast pedophile conspiracies would fill volumes.  The only odd thing here is that the mainstream press is
presenting this gathering with a perfectly straight face, as if it were
some sort of credible event, which of course it is not.    HELSINKI (Reuter) - A Finnish Internet specialist said on Friday he
   was closing his remailer, or anonymous forwarding system, after
   rejecting allegations it was being used as a conduit for child
   pornography.
   Johan Helsingius, whose remailer is one of the largest in the world
   with over half a million users, said in a statement he was closing
   down the system because the legal issues governing the Internet in
   Finland are unclear.
   ``The legal protection of users needs to be clarified. At the moment
   the privacy of Internet messages is judicially unclear,'' said
   Helsingius, who said he set up and ran the remailer in his free time
   partly as an initiative to help abused children.
   Internet remailers are computers which receive and forward messages
   with a pseudonym or anonymous source.
   There are about five large ones in the world, and they exist to enable
   anonymous discussion of sensitive subjects -- for instance by victims
   of child abuse, potential suicides or people in politically repressed
   societies.
   Helsingius, supported by Finnish police, earlier this week dismissed
   claims in Britain's Observer Sunday newspaper that his remailing
   system handled up to 90 percent of child pornography on the Internet.
   ``I have also personally been a target because of the remailer for
   three years,'' he said on Friday. ``Unjustified accusations affect
   both my job and my private life.''
   The newspaper reported the charges, by a U.S. policeman and FBI
   adviser, as Belgian police were investigating horrific child sex
   crimes and ahead of an international conference in Stockholm on the
   commercial sexual exploitation of children.
   In Helsingius's statement, Helsinki police sergeant Kaj Malmberg was
   quoted as saying he had found no evidence of child porn being
   transmitted from Finland.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-12-20 23:10:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Ebonics 
When I read Tim's original message on "Ebonics", I thought it was one
of those witty parodies he occasionally comes up with.  Then I turned on the NBC Nightly News, and lo and behold, "Ebonics" was one of the featured stories, replete with commentary by former
New York mayor Ed Koch.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-12-23 18:13:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Ebonics 
The list is archived on the Web in real time, and you don't have to be a subscriber to post to it.  I have participated in the list during
periods when I was not "suscrived" with little noticable loss in functionality. Facts, which, if known to Gilmore, would have prevented him from making
a public ass of himself.  Heck, we never unsubscribed Detweiler, and
he was certainly consuming orders of magnitude more bandwidth than the
good doctor ever has, regardless of what one may think of the S/N ratio.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-12-27 16:23:02
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Vulis strikes again? 
So now we are being attacked not only by the good doctor, but by the NSA as well?  Do they perhaps covet our advanced "Ebonics" technology?
The NSA will waste its time trying to disrupt the Cypherpunks list when winged monkeys fly out of my posterior.  It's not like the people
at the NSA don't have real work to do.  Let's try not to look foolish and paranoid at the same time.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-12-30 19:50:58
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Responsibility 
Kibo-izing the news spool again Dr. Vulis?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-02-02 07:13:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Boys From Brazil - cloning Nazi servers 
> There's a fine line between defending someones freedom of
 > speech, and actively promoting that speech. The reason these
 > mirrors have been set up is to counter the restriction on
 > access to the original site that has been put in place by
 > Deutche Telecom; however, in addition to defeating this
 > restriction, this approach also makes the material more
 > widely available than it was previously, which could be seen
 > as crossing the line between defence of free speech, and
 > active promotion.
I think you have to look at the balance between two things.
First, there is the effect of making the material more widely
available and publicized than it was prior to the attempted
censorship.  This effect is definitely real.  Indeed, prior to a
few days ago, I wouldn't have known a Zundelsite from a hole in
the ground.
Second, however, is the unprecedented opportunity for people
running mirrors to guarantee that large numbers of the public
will encounter said material for the first time enveloped within
their chosen "context wrapper."
Now it is well known that the crafty art of propaganda rarely
consists of deliberate falsehoods, like "yellow rain" or "spy
dust".  It mostly consists of making sure one is in complete
control of the circumstances in which potentially damaging
information is disclosed.
The opportunity to present Mr. Zundel's views brightly
gift-wrapped in paper bearing the legend - "Here are the
offensive views of a hate-mongering Nazi whose victims are
supporting his right to be heard" - is worth more than a thousand
press releases denouncing Mr. Zundel by the anti-defamation
I would expect that it is this second effect which predominates,
and therefore the proliferation of mirror sites is in fact a
victory for Mr. Zundel's detractors, and not a promotion of Mr.
Zundel's views.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-02-03 06:32:23
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
> I just heard on WBUR (NPR) here in Boston that our own L. (I  > know his real first name now...) "Futplex" McCarthy was busted
 > by the UMASS diginarks for putting "Nazi material" on the  > internet. This must be one of those Nazi-mirrors I've been  > skipping articles over...
Horrors.  We seem to be discovering more and more side effects from the defense of free speech for the unpopular.  The Holocausta Nostra
is cheering wildly at the opportunity to present the works of
Mr. Zundel under a banner reading "Nazi Scum".  Zundelsites are
being set up by people whose views are so disgusting they probably
offend even Mr. Zundel himself.  And now our very own "Futplex" will have to live the rest of his life branded as a electronic
distributor of "hate literature" by the forces of political
correctness at UMASS.  It may be time to regroup and take inventory of what we are suposedly trying to accomplish here. X-Signature: Mike Duvos
X-Signature-File: c:\netcom\mail.sig
On a completely different note, which I am appending so as to waste
as little bandwidth as possible, Cypherpunks messages to my netcom
account stopped dead two days ago, and I am getting no response from
either majordomo at toad.com or cypherpunks-owner at toad.com.  I am currently reading the list quite nicely on         news://news.hks.net/hks.lists.cypherpunks
using Netscape so it really isn't a big deal, but I was just curious
if there was a routing problem or some other Net glitch.
Please EMAIL any replies.

@_date: 1996-02-03 11:09:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
Before poo-pooing Tim, declaring victory, and returning home, it
should be noted that German prosecutors today added AOL to the list of
entities they wish to charge with "inciting hatred."
UMASS will of course test the political waters before taking any
action, but we may yet see the gonads of Futplex hanging from one of
the upper floors of the Graduate Research Center.  :)
Time will tell whether we have won this war, or have simply
encountered a lull after the first onslought by the enemy.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-02-22 15:28:49
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: IBM Breakthrough? 
> IBM has an ad in the Feb 26 New Yorker where a joker e-
 > mails a recipe-swapping friend in Osaka that "I'll teleport
 > you some goulash." The text then states:
 > Margit is a little premature, but we are working on it.
 > An IBM scientist and his colleagues have discovered a way to
 > make an object disintegrate in one place and reappear intact
 > in another.
 > It sounds like magic. But their breakthrough could affect
 > everything from the future of computers to our knowledge of
 > the cosmos.
 > What is this breakthrough or is it just a chump tease?
The ad overstates the result a bit. :)
You may recall, a few years back, that there was some interest in
the possibility that the non-local collapse of a quantum
mechanical wave function could be used to transmit information in
violation of causality, that is, faster than the speed of light.
The central idea was this.  You generate a system consisting of
two things whose wavefunctions are correlated, and after they
have separated some distance, you perform a measurement which
collapses the wavefunction of one of them and yields some result.
This might be the polarization of a photon, the spin of a
particle along some axis, or where on a photographic plate an ion
will strike after passing through a Stern-Gerlach device.
Since the wavefunctions are correlated, you now know the exact
same information about the twin system and have collapsed its
wavefunction non-locally without directly performing a
measurement on it.  This general notion is known as the
Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen(EPR) Effect, and measurements of
canonically conjugate variables on branch systems having a
spacelike separation give a unique result according to Quantum
Mechanics which is distinct from the classical case and which
requires this superluminal transmission of wavefunction
Now actually building an apparatus which does such a thing is
tricky, since light moves pretty fast, but a few years back, this
result was experimentally confirmed with a device that produced
photons with correlated spins moving in opposite directions, and
managed to make measurements that were instantaneous enough to be
spacelike in separation.
Unfortunately, the scientists found that there was no way to use
the EPR Effect to transmit information, since although the
measurements made had a correlation, you needed the information
from the original system to decode the output of the other in a
meaningful way.
Now on to IBM's result.  Although the EPR Effect cannot be used
to transmit information (read the results of measurements), it
can be used to transmit mixed quantum states, which an attempt at
measurement would destroy.  So if you haven't measured something,
and it's value is indeterminate for a system, then you can tunnel
that unmeasured something anywhere else using the EPR Effect and
measure it there.
The general method for such teleporation is as follows.  You
create an "entangled" pair of particles whose wavefunctions are
perfectly correlated and unmeasured.  One interacts with the
particle to be teleported and the other at some distance
interacts with another identical particle to which you wish to
transfer the state of the first.  Everything is arranged so that
the state of the teleported particle is destroyed by interaction
with the first of the pair of particles, and it twin, perfectly
correlated with the first and inheriting its state via the EPR
Effect, transfers that captured state to the copy.
Now this has some interesting implications.  One of the problems
with teleportation devices in Science Fiction stories is that
they allow for the creation of duplicates.  They reduce an object
to a pattern by measuring it, and then recreate it at a distance
by assembling atoms of the same types according to the
appropriate directions.  There is no theoretical reason why, once
the pattern has been saved, this process could not be repeated
multiple times.  This has implications for things like souls and
self-awareness that many people would rather not think about.
The preceeding method for teleporting mixed quantum states does
not have such a problem, since only things which have not been
measured can be transferred in such a way, and the duplicate can
only be created if the original has been destroyed.  If
consciousness is truly a phenomena involving quantum mechanical
superposition, then we need never worry about being replicated,
and the "transporter accidents" of Star Trek are forever
relagated to the realm of fiction.
In any case, it should be noted that this method works at present
only with single particles, and not with large aggregate systems
like Goulash.  Extending it to systems would appear to be an
intractable engineering problem given current technology.
Those wishing to read IBM's explanation of this new technology
may browse their Web page on Quantum Teleportation at...
       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-02-23 21:03:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Let the Snake Oil Flow 
> Predictably, others are asking/expecting "the Cypherpunks"
 > to break their systems. Just as predictably, many of us are
 > patiently (and impatiently) explaining that breakages cost
 > money and resources. And so the "developers" gleefully
 > respond that this proves the "Cyperpunks" [sic] are helpless
 > before their software.
Which is patently silly, of course.  Unless some TLA writes me an
obscenely large check, I am unlikely to try and break anything
that hasn't achieved significant market penetration and
widespread use, whether it is an operating system, or an
application which utilizes encryption.
I'm not even interested in breaking the individual building
blocks of such things, such as block ciphers and RNGs, outside of
the context of their use in a specific application.  Unless
something is obviously braindead on delivery, it makes little
sense to attack it in the abstract, and the nicest weaknesses in
systems often depend upon the little details, as the Netscape and
Kerberos folk have discovered.
All of this means that challenges by the snake oil peddlers, and
even well-advertised public floggings of new ciphers, like RC5,
really don't do much to discover design flaws or weaknesses. It's
like the ten people who post "I have invented an unbreakable
cipher" to sci.crypt each week, and when no one cares, proudly
declare victory and go home.
 > A few highly publicized failures could be educational, and
 > ultimately help to strengthen the Net. You don't get better
 > bridges without some highly-visible bridge collapses. Raises
 > consumer awareness of what good design really is.
Yes - one neat hack against Netscape or Microsoft is worth an
infinite number of dull papers in "Cryptologia" as far as public
relations are concerned.
 > Personally, I'm much more worried about the
 > behind-the-scenes goings on with key escrow, the pressures
 > being applied to Netscape, Lotus, Microsoft, TIS, etc., than
 > I am in Yet Another Clueless Crypto Product (tm).
Let a thousand Clueless Crypto Products bloom today. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-02 17:32:53
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Another Internet Provider Censors Access (fwd) 
> Gulp. Sorry. That's the last time I believe anybody with a
 > name like "Y."
Netcom has not removed access to the alt groups, but they have
definitely screwed something up in the news system for the shell
machines.  Netcruiser accounts seem to work fine.
I just tried a test post to a bunch of alt.sex groups from Netcom
shell and it bounced instantly with the obnoxious message.
no groups in active file
Given Netcom's superb reputation for protecting free speech, It
is very unlikely this has anything to do with censorship.
Possibly someone encountered this glitch while trying to access
an alt group and jumped to conclusions.
Then again, maybe the Bavarians are running Netcom now. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-06 06:37:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pi Stuff 
> But BTW, isn't it interesting, that news item from a few
 > weeks ago, on an algorithm for determining individual bits
 > in Pi, regardless of whether you've calculated all the
 > previous ones.  Only problem is, it only works in
 > hexadecimal (and, obviously, binary, etc, not decimal.
 > I didn't see this result you mention, but it surprises me.
 > Yeah, well, I understand your frustration, but to me the
 > really amazing part is that the elephant flies at all, and
 > not how well he flies () (In other words, the amazing
 > thing is that there is a predictable relationship in ANY
 > base system) Chances are the thing WON'T work in base
 > 3,5,6,7,9,10,11,12,13,14,15, and any other non 2**n base.
 > Or, at least, it will take a DIFFERENT equation to work in
 > those other bases, if they work at all.
A few quick comments.  The notion that one might be able to
compute digits of Pi efficiently at any starting point in the
number is not late-breaking news.  The Chudnovsky brothers
developed a formula which permitted them to do this a number of
years ago, and used it to compute Pi to several billion digits.
Prior to that time, the Borweins' quartic interation based on
Ramanujan's modular identities and AGM techniques was the
existing state of the art.
Given a base, d, and an finite ordinal, i, the function which
computes the ith digit of the Pi in the base d is certainly a
computable one.  If we can find an algorithm for computing this
function whose time as a function of "i" does not include the
time required to compute all previous digits, then we are to a
certain extent evaluating individual digits of Pi without
calculating the previous ones.
One should keep in mind, however, that the degree to which such
things are true for algorithms lies on a continuum, with a
near-constant number of arithmetic operations at one end, and a
geometric progression at the other.  So it is not the classic
either/or situation.  Good algorithms whose times are tractable
functions of "i" are certainly desirable, and have been
Someone suggested that radix conversion was a time-consuming
operation.  Modern FFT-based algorithms can do multiplication,
division, Nth root, reciprocal, and base conversion in
near-linear time.
Doubtless good algorithms to compute the Nth digit of Pi in any
base do exist, but their form may not be as obvious as those for
trivial bases, such as powers of two.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-06 13:52:36
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pi Stuff 
> While I'm not an expert at this, I think you're
 > misrepresented the Chudnovsky result.  They formulated an
 > equation that allowed "you" to continue the calculation
 > past "N" digits as long as you had the result that far.
That property would be possessed by any self-correcting iteration
which converged in a neighborhood of Pi.  It would not be
necessary to repeat ones earlier calculations at increased
precision in order to determine Pi to additional digits.  One
could just use the previous calculations as a starting point and
continue to iterate, doing the new calculations to extended
I believe the Chudnovskys proved a much stronger result than
this, although precisely what it was escapes me at the moment.
[Please hum the theme to "Final Jeopardy" while I look up
 Chudnovsky's formula]
Good - it's in the sci.math FAQ.
Set k_1 = 545140134
    k_2 = 13591409
    k_3 = 640320
    k_4 = 100100025
    k_5 = 327843840
    k_6 = 53360;
Then pi = (k_6 sqrt(k_3))/(S), where
S = sum_(n = 0)^oo (-1)^n ((6n)!(k_2 +nk_1))/(n!^3(3n)!(8k_4k_5)^n)
This converges linearly at about 14 digits a term, and carries
forward a sufficiently small amount of state that one can iterate
into the billions of digits without the CPU requirements becoming
painful.  So it basically functions as a digit generator for Pi,
which, when appropriately initialized, will work on any part of
the number and emit the appropriate output.  The denominator
simplifies in a special way which keeps the computation localized
to a small neighborhood of the place where the new digits are
 > As far as I know, they DID NOT generate any formula for the
 > generation of isolated digits of pi, the more recent news.
I guess you're right about it not having the specific form of a
function which takes "i" as input and emits the "ith" bit.
Nonetheless, the discovery of this particular formula and the
way in which its computational requirements expand tastefully
with increasing numbers of digits hints strongly at the existence
of the aforementioned closed solution.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-06 16:32:40
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Pi Code....... 
In case anyone wants to play with the little program that emits bits of Pi, a Fortran version is available on the Web
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-12 06:48:02
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
Phil Writes:
 > This brings to a close a criminal investigation that has spanned the
 > last three years.  I'd like to thank all the people who helped us in
 > this case, especially all the donors to my legal defense fund. Gosh - I guess the NSA finally managed to crack PGP after all.  (sigh)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-13 01:13:17
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Shimomura on TV? 
While I might put it in a somewhat less insulting manner, the central
thesis here is correct.  Society consists basically of a few percent of the people who see things one way because of strong ideological reasons.  This is balanced by another few percent who see things
the exact opposite because of strong ideological reasons.  The remainder of the population generally follows whomever is perceived
to be running things.
Such people may safely be ignored during any revolution, although it is probably not a bright idea to use terms like "working class trash"
when describing them.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-14 11:45:48
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: COMMUNITY CONNEXION... 
Congratulations.  You win the award for this weeks longest run-on
sentence. Is there some special reason you had to post this little history
lesson anonymously?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-15 10:27:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: COMMUNITY CONNEXION... 
> I know the difference between *actual* genocide (like, the
 > kind a bunch of my family members died in) and what the SWC
 > does. Is that a grammatical question?
No one has accused the Wiesenthalistas of genocide.  We simply
want a free Net where all forms of hate, including the particular
flavor espoused by the Wiesenthalistas, may compete on a
Darwinian basis.
There is no need to support the tilting of the playing field by a
small number of extremists, who represent neither the perspective
of the public nor of most members of the Jewish faith.
I personally don't plan to waste my time reading any of the
aforementioned hate literature on the Net, and I care not at all whether it was authored by Whitopians, Zionists, Christers, or
Ufologists.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-18 05:51:31
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Lotus to export 64 bit, partially-escrowed Notes 
Of course, if someone patches the program to incorrectly encrypt the 28 bits for the government, it will be transparent until some nasty TLA
tries decrypting the key.  This was the same problem that existed with the Clipper LEAF, if I
recall correctly, in that systems with hacked LEAF fields interoperated perfectly with unmodified ones.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-22 22:36:37
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: SS Obergruppenfuhrer Zimmermann (NOT!) 
> "Private communications between neo-Nazis on the network are
 > effected under a program called "Pretty Good Privacy",
 > devised by an American neo-Nazi sympathiser."
 > Robin Gedye (in Bonn) p.23 of "The Sunday Telegraph"
 > January 21, 1996
Before anyone takes this nonsense too seriously, one should
realize that the exhibition of such microscopic views of
technology by journalists and politicians is fairly common.
Who can forget Caspar Weinburger's stirring speech in front of an
illegally exported low-end VAX, explaining that the machine was a
sophisticated electronic device for the tracking of missiles and
troop movements, now in the hands of America's enemies.
Then there was the newspaper article which explained in perfect
seriousness that "GIF" was a secret computer code used by child
molesters to encode images of their victims.
Characterizing PGP as a neo-Nazi tool for private communications
written by a sympathizer, while absurd in a larger sense, is
hardly sillier than the prior examples.  And all such scenarios
contain a microscopic grain of truth as seen by someone somewhere
with a severe case of tunnel vision.
The reporter no doubt reports correctly that some neo-Nazis use
PGP to communicate privately.  Doubtless PKZ supports the right
of all people, including those with diverse political views, to
conduct legal private conversations which cannot be overheard by
their governments, as do most of the people on this list.  I
suppose in some obtuse sense this is sympathy.
It is highly unlikely that anyone who uses Cypherpunk technology
is as ignorant as this reporter.  So let's just mail the poor guy
a clue and move on.  Things like this happen often, and it's not
really worth a prolongued debate.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-25 14:51:40
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: V-chip? 
> Apparently the US government is planning on starting up its
 > V-chip program again, which will allow public/cable TV to be
 > censored at will. What does everyone thing about this ploy?
 > And whats next? Chips in my radio, to prevent music, or a
 > chip in my phone to make sure i dont call anyone bad? The
 > V-chip is just as much a privacy/1st amendment violation as
 > the clipper chip is/was. I believe the worst part of the
 > V-chip plan, is to force all new TV's manufactured or
 > imported to the US, to have this new chip. Could this chip
 > even be part of a Chinese lottery?
As I understand it, the basic concept behind the V-Chip is to
allow selective blocking of material a particular viewer might
find offensive based on content information transmitted along
with the program.  As long as the program material itself is
transmitted unaltered, and there are multiple non-governmental
providers of content descriptions catering to the spectrum of
human likes and dislikes, this sounds like ideal Cypherpunk
Concerned Parent can set the V-Chip to read from the Children's
Television Workshop content service, available for a small
monthly fee, and be certain that graphic violence and sex are
pixelated on screen, and that bleep words that the child might
practice in front of Grandma are garbled.
Mr. Islamic Fanatic can filter out all blasphemy against Allah
and his one and only prophet, pork commercials, and women showing
more than 100 square centimeters of exposed epidermis.  Uncle
Ernie can program his set to beep loudly when shots of nude
adolescent boys are about to appear in foreign films.  Everyone
has a filter which they can tune for their own viewing and
listening enjoyment, and a free market system of content
description services will cater to every conceivable taste.
What are the dangers of this new technology?
First, the government might want only one description of content,
which it controls.  My notion of what is offensive probably
differs greatly from that of Jesse Helms, for instance.
Second, once content descriptions become available, they might be
used to control content at the transmission end, not the viewing
end.  Congress could mandate that the same information that Uncle
Ernie uses to alert himself to "interesting" scenes, be used at
the transmitting end to pixelate the same material. V-Chips for
consumer products are our friend. V-Chips for broadcasters and
publishers are not.
It should be noted that the V-Chip is currently vaporware, and
exists only in the minds of politicians.  There probably will
never be an actual "V-Chip", just a little additional software in
our already heavily computerized televisions, radios, and
personal computers.
One desirable side effect of the V-Chip.  It will probably have
the effect of extinguishing hysterical reactions to nudity, sex,
bleep words, and special effects violence, by allowing people to
gradually increase what they are exposed to as they become
tolerant of it.  Sort of the opposite of aversion therapy.
Perhaps in the distant future, the population will wonder what
the thing was ever used for, and why anyone bothered to develop
Just a few random thoughts...
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-26 03:49:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: V-chip? 
> But what if they *ask* you nicely to label your work?
 >   "If you think your message is offensive, violent, or racist,
 >    would you please consider labelling it?"
 > I don't think I'd mind.  In fact, *optional* labels would
 > make me more likely to post such material, because I'd have
 > some confidence that it would only be read by people who
 > want to read it. (And they could even find it more quickly!)
For Usenet, a similar function is provided automatically by
search engines.  This is why I almost always read news now using
Alta Vista.  The database is updated with new articles in real
time, and I can use any label I choose (i.e. search criteria) to
find material in my chosen subject areas across all newsgroups.
In some sense, search engines are automatic labeling devices for
Usenet traffic.  I find them useful.  With a few more orders of
magnitude computing power, such technology could easily be
applied to audiovisual material as well.
 > There's nothing inherently wrong with labelling
 > information. When messages here are labelled [NOISE], I
 > know to avoid them. This sort of meta-information is helpful
 > and good.
Yes.  Voluntary labeling of publicly available information, or
services which permit selection of such information based on
personal criteria, is a Good Thing(tm).
Government labeling of publicly available information and laws
which mandate the use of such labels at the distribution end are
a Bad Thing(tm).
 > The precedent is what's troubling. Someone will probably
 > try to mandate the labels...Someone will try to write a law
 > that says "Anyone who posts what I consider offensive
 > without a label is guilty." This is what should be
 > fought...not labels.
A nice example of this in the private sector is TV Guide's
labeling of cable movies by content.  This goes beyond the MPAA
rating and includes such terms as "strong language", "nudity",
"violence", "adult themes", and "sexual situations." Were TV
Guide available in computer readable form, one could easily grep
the guide based on such keyphrases and plot summaries to find
everything from "DuckTales" to "Marilyn Chambers' Bikini Bistro."
Certainly easier than reading more than a dozen pages of tiny
Again, I find this sort of thing useful, although I would be
among the first to protest if the government mandated it in law,
or required extra circuitry in all television sets to take
advantage of it.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-26 13:57:52
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: V-chip? 
> Yes, it is censorship.  At least, it is if you aren't
 > watching every program on every channel available to you
 > right now, because your channel selection allows you to
 > censor public/cable TV at will right now, without the
 > V-Chip.  What the V-Chip does is allow you to censor what is
 > shown on your television, even in your absence.
Right.  Freedom of TV viewing belongs to those who own one, even
if they are not always there to supervise the use of the set.
Exactly like freedom of the press.
I personally plan to instruct my TV to display only material
which does not offend my neo-Pagan, Bohemian, and Hedonistic
 > I'll concede that there are positive aspects to this for
 > parents, but I resent the 'you must install it in all TVs'
 > part. If enough people want it, they can get TVs with it.
The last great adventure in forcing manufacturers to put
something in a television set was the "UHF must tune as easily as
VHF" boondoggle.  The number of UHF stations in most areas was
0-1. Note that when cable provided a plethora of channels in a
previously untunable part of the spectrum, market forces
instantly resulted in the creation of "cable-ready" sets in
advance of government prodding.
 > The content information is transmitted as part of the
 > program, in the between-frame band which is normally not in
 > the displayed area of the picture, not on a separate signal.
There is currently no official standard for encoding content
information for television programs.  Manufacturers of various
flavors of "parental control devices" have at times demonstrated
their technology as the "V-Chip" on Network Nightly News
programs. This includes devices which can do selective
pixelation, as well as those which merely render the set
inoperative during programs having a specific rating.
The bandwidth required to transmit content information second by
second is very small. It is not a foregone conclusion that such
information will be carried exclusively via the video blanking
intervals, or that it will be available from only a single
source. Indeed, with the movement towards digital encoding of
television, it is doubtful that blanking intervals themselves
will be around much longer.
 > The other reason for not having a select-your-rater method
 > is, first, the sheer volume of TV broadcasting.  No service
 > could possibly rate all TV content.  Second, no service
 > could rate _live_ TV, such as the nightly news, or post-game
 > NFL locker room films.
No one is suggesting that all raters will rate all programming.
Movies will probably be the first things raters will provide
content tracks for.  Next will be widely carried programs in
syndicated reruns, and top rated first run shows.
Eventually, use of the technology will proliferate, much as the
use of closed-captioning has.
Much money will be saved in not having to physically edit media,
and in having the intelligence at the displaying end. One will no
longer have to have a theatrical release of a movie, a television
version, a version for European airlines, a version for American
airlines, a version for Islamic airlines, etc ad nauseum.  Porn
will no longer have to be edited into Hard-X, Soft-X, and R
versions before being distributed.
 > Incorrect.  The 'V-Chip' exists (at least according to a
 > demonstration on NBC News ("Home of the Exploding Chevy")
 > the other night), there just isn't sufficient consumer
 > demand for it to have hit the market yet.  And, from
 > appearances, it doesn't pixelate the picture, it blocks the
 > signal entirely.
Please see prior comments about Nightly News demonstrations of
alleged V-Chip technology.
Once a standard for encoding content information is established,
it is unlikely that there will be some universal specific
"V-Chip" that will be used by all manufacturers.  Instead, the
functionality will likely be implemented in whatever software
controls the display appliance.  It's not a complicated
application, and hardly worth a processor of its own.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-27 04:05:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Doctor Denning 
I just read the new and improved Dorothy Denning essay at
    and I must say that I am impressed to see that our august little
group has managed to define most of the issues Dr. Denning
addresses.  She even uses the Gospel According to Tim as her
first bibliography entry.
One should realize, of course, that whether Crypto Anarchy
prevails depends not upon the varied philosophical leanings of
citizen-units May and Denning, but rather upon whether our
mathematics is more powerful than their jackbooted thugs.
Success also depends upon the implementation of widely
distributed comunications systems which are not vulnerable to
attacks launched against any particular set of nodes, and which
obfuscate which processing elements are responsible for providing
any specified instance of a service.
Crypto Anarchy running on the World Wide Crypto-Mesh.  Your
guarantee of a government-free future, Denning and friends
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-27 08:02:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Doctor Denning's URL 
I screwed up and mistyped the URL in my prior message
referencing Dorothy Denning's updated article on "The Future
of Cyptography."
The correct URL, pasted directly from my browser which is
now displaying the article, is...
Sorry about that.

@_date: 1996-01-28 15:02:14
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Hash trees and bank solvency. 
> One solution to this problem is government auditors.
 > Government inspectors, unlike private auditors, can force
 > their way in, in the early hours of the morning, and as each
 > bank employee turns up, take him to a separate cubicle and
 > interogate him with a gun in one hand and an account book in
 > the other.  This makes it difficult for the financial
 > institution to fabricate a misleading picture of its
 > financial situation.
This would be killing a mosquito with a flyswatter. Besides, the
employees of a financial institution may be in no position to
accurately state its financial situation, even if they are in
little cubicles with guns to their heads.
A somewhat more civilized method is used by my broker, who gets
audited on a regular schedule by one of the major accounting
firms.  The accounting firm puts an insert into every statement
periodically, with an envelope addressed to the accounting firm,
asking the customer to carefully examine the enclosed statement
and to contact them if it is not entirely accurate.
 > A hash tree can provide proof to a banks customers that the
 > bank only has the amount outstanding that it claims to
 > have, without the need for gunmen to check the totals.
 > At the close of month, the customer accounts are orgnized
 > into a hash tree with the totals forming part of the hash
 > Each node is a hash of the two nodes below it, and the
 > amounts of money in the two nodes, and the sum of those two
 > amounts.
 > Each customer can then see that the money the bank owes him
 > is a part of the total the bank claims to owe.  If a
 > customer discovers he is not part of the hash tree, he knows
 > the bank, or financial institution, understates its
 > indebtedness;
I would trust the typical customer to mail back a form to an
outside auditor far more than I would trust him to examine a hash
tree, check his own entry, check the neighborhood of his own
entry for cryptographic integrity, and sound an alarm.
To be perfectly candid, I would not even want the task of
explaining to the typical banking customer what a hash tree was.
The outside auditor can of course be spoofed by giving him access
only to some subset of customer accounts.  The hash tree can be
spoofed by not telling a subset of customers of its existance.
All things considered, I think I would prefer the auditor.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-29 04:14:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Unintended Consequences of Suppression 
WARNING: This message contains Bad Thoughts.  The Surgeon General
         has determined that Bad Thoughts cause Critical Thinking,
         which may be illegal in Canada, Germany, and other
         countries too numerous to mention.
I just visited the Ernst Zundel Webcom page, which given the
number of server overload errors I experienced trying to browse
it, is now the Numero Uno Web Site on the entire Internet, thanks
to some anonymous and largely clueless official running
telecommunications services for the former Third Reich.
Like most sites run by "Infamous Holocaust Deniers", this one was
largely unimpressive, and would have garnered little attention
from anyone were it not for the noisy public villification
lavished upon it by its detractors.
After the furor this site is alleged to have percipitated, I
fully expected to see pictures of skinheads with explosives and
automatic weapons holding up pictures of Nazi atrocities and
libelous screeds blaming the Jews for all the misfortunes of
You can imagine my surprise when I found only a few rather
simplistic historical questions, and that Mr. Zundel had even
included links to rebuttals of his points contained within the
Simon Wiesenthal Center's own Web Pages.
All of this might have gone completely unnoticed by the majority
of humankind, or have been the subject of dry boring debates at
occasional universities, were the topic not constantly dragged
into the public eye by stories about anti-free speech laws,
shrill cries by organizations like the SWC for censoring the
entire Internet, and officials who summarily unplug major chunks
of the Net and disrupt legitimate business while trying to stuff
a sock into the mouth of some individual whose views they find
In doing this, the Speech Nazis, the Wiesenthalistas, and the
Clueless Bureaucrats have drawn more attention to the views of
people like Mr. Zundel than he ever could have on his own, and
have alienated many of the people who would cheerfully have
argued against Mr. Zundel on their behalf.  This goes beyond
simple stupidity, and clearly approaches the lobotomy level of
impaired mental functioning.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-29 06:25:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Big Lie 
> But if it really happened, why are so many countries trying
 > to suppress the evidence that it was all just a CIA-Mossad
 > plot? It seems more likely that the pictures were faked, or
 > were pictures taken of dying Germans in Russian POW camps on
 > the Eastern Front.
Since "Holocaust" is an Operational Definition referencing Jewish
experience during the Second World War, there is a clearly
tautological aspect to the oft-posed question "Did the Holocaust
happen?", to which the answer is obviously, a priori, and
identically, "Yes", in the sense that Jews did, indeed, live
during the Second World War, and some of them did indeed, like
numerous other minority religous, ethnic, and political groups,
have experiences which would not be described as recreational in
Armed with a question whose answer is true by construction, it is
not very hard to correctly characterize those arguing that the
answer is "false" as crackpots, and only a tiny leap from there
to characterizing those who ask different and reasonable
questions as having asked the Canonical Question instead and
having also given the wrong answer to it.
It is of course then necessary to censor the ability of the
public to view the original questions, since this would not only
cast aspersions upon ones credibility, but would also require
that they be answered, the avoidance of which was the reason for
the original exercise in misdirection.
While such political tactics work well in a world with a
traditional hierarchical flow of information from the Big Press
to the Little Citizen-Unit, they collapse completely under the
Cooperative Anarchy of the Net, and blow up in the faces of those
who attempt them.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center desparately needs to regroup and try
to understand how the Net works, before applying its traditional
methods of debate and advocacy to an environment where completely
different rules apply.  This is not to deny the Holocaust, or to
say that the SWC doesn't have its heart in the right place.  This
is simply an attempt to spare them any more self-inflicted
 > If the Germans are suppressing attempts to get at the
 > truth, I suspect the stories are true that the Holocaust
 > was part of Truman's "Big Lie."
Many people are likely to think this based on the Germans
behavior, and the Germans need to learn that the remedy for Hate
Speech is more speech, especially in an environment as
uncontrollable as the Net.
 > [Note: I present this as a line of thinking that is
 > actually often the result of suppression of views. "If They
 > are suppressing it, maybe there's some truth to it." Note
 > also that the views of Zundel and other Holocaust Deniers
 > are not causally related to the deaths of millions of Jews,
 > gypsies, and others in WW II. The damage, if any, is in the
 > "hurt feelings" and "insults" felt by survivors and their
 > relatives.
It is interesting to note that there is no specific law
prohibiting free speech for Holocaust Agnostics in Germany. The
actual laws under which such cases are prosecuted are libel laws,
which have been liberally interpreted to mean that one may not
"libel" deceased Jews as a class or their memory in the minds of
their surviving relatives.
The notion of libeling a class of deceased persons strikes me as
a dangerous and particularly convoluted legal fiction. (Although
I certainly don't mean any disrespect for the deceased or their
survivors when I say this.)
 > The other danger often cited, that Zundel will recruit a
 > Fourth Reich or somesuch, is no more likely than that Jerry
 > Falwell will recruit a New Crusade, or that J. Random Ranter
 > will do the same. In a free and open society, we let people
 > believe in "wrong ideas" (witness Christianity, Islam,
 > Scientology, Judaism, and a thousand other cults).]
The solution to Mr. Zundel is the same as the solution to
Archemedes (Ne Ludvig) Plutonium.  Allow him complete freedom of
speech to express his theories, debunk him as time permits, and
if all else fails, put him in your killfile.
The chances that Mr. Zundel will organize a Fourth Reich are
about the same as those that Archmedes Plutonium will force us
all to do our mathematics with his N-Adics.  It's not something
I'm going to spend a lot of time worrying about.

@_date: 1996-01-29 07:28:52
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Big Lie 
> That's an interesting point, but it does not apply to the
 > majority of humanity.  "The Holocaust" is not an O.D. of
 > something, it is a shorthand term for things like Final
 > Solution and the camps.
Regardless of what one wishes to call such a term, there are
obvious dangers to using shorthand, abbreviations, OD's,
acronyms, and other such things as if they possessed predictive
power, or some magical ability to explain the things they
reference by virtue of their construction.  It is of course even
sillier to question their existence.
If I define "Salz Syndrome" as a tendency by people named "Rich"
to post messages suggesting that discussions of Holocaust
semantics are off-topic for the Cypherpunks list, then I have to
a certain extent stacked the deck when rhetorically asking
questions like...
     Why does Rich post such messages?
Or when I answer a question about the legitimacy of Saltz
Syndrome as a real disease by feigning surprise and saying
indignantly - "Surely you are not suggesting Saltz Syndrome
doesn't exist!?"
By the same token, I don't feel "Did the Holocaust happen?" is a
particularly well-formed or useful question. The answer, by
almost any criteria, is most certainly "Yes", and answering the
question tells me nothing I didn't know before I asked it.
All of this is of course orthogonal to the point I was trying to
make, which is that while such flaws of logic and debate go
largely unnoticed in the unconnected world, and often result in
the winning of debates, they generally get flamed royally on the
Net, where a different set of rules apply.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-29 16:04:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
> Free speech ends where other people can reasonable claim
 > that their feelings are badly hurt.
Excuse me?  That line is definitely .sig file fodder.
 > Is it constitutionally protected in US to knowingly hurt
 > other people's feelings and to trample on graves?????
Of course it is.  What a silly question.  My feelings get hurt on
Usenet almost every day and you don't see me whining about it.
 > Mike's information is old.  Meanwhile it's explicitely
 > forbidden to deny the holocaust.
I'm so pleased to hear you have updated your laws with this new
progressive "hurt feelings" doctrine.  Obviously "PC" translates
quite well into the German language.
 > Due to our history publishing NAZI-propaganda is forbidden
 > in Germany. The big majority in Germany agrees with this
 > view, that NAZI-propaganda doesn't fall under 'free speech'.
Much as the Third Reich took the view that anti-Nazi speech
wasn't protected.  Your country hasn't changed its authoritarian
perspective on freedom of personal expression.  All it has done
is put a different set of publicly supported items on the
official censorship list.
Didn't the Germans learn anything from World War II?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-30 10:06:49
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: The Big Lie 
> Can you name any other country that was a non-participant in
 > a war, was attacked by one side, and was told by the other
 > side that they could neither join that side nor retaliate
 > for the attacks (I'm talking about Operation Desert Storm
 > and the Scuds aimed at Isreal). Any other country would have
 > been allowed to participate or allowed to declare war on the
 > attacker (and send a few missiles over as an incentive to
 > stop attacking a neutral party to the war).
Other Arab states had mutual defense treaties with Iraq which
would have obligated them to enter the war on the side of Iraq
were there a conflict between Iraq and Israel.  This would have
greatly complicated the Persian Gulf War, and put the United
States in a very difficult position.
The sad part is that Israel required any persuasion or guarantees
at all by the United States to refrain from upsetting the
applecart, especially since the US was doing its best to defend
Israel at the time.
 > The US (and the others Participants) were scared shitless of
 > allowing Isreal into the fight since, if let it, the war
 > would have been over real fast and Sadam H. would have been
 > pushing up daisies
And while the Israelis celebrated and danced in the streets, all
prospects for a lasting negotiated Middle East peace would have
been screwed for the next several centuries.
 > (The Isrealis have a habit of being able to take care of
 > themselves with minimal "collateral damage" when their hands
 > are not tied by the actions of other Governments telling
 > them that they are not allowed to do what any other
 > Government is allowed to do as a matter of normal policy
 > when faced with aggression).
The Israelis take very good care of themselves with the weapons,
military intelligence, and billions in US aid they receive each
year.  Occasional requests by the United States that they
exercise appropriate discretion are hardly out of line.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-01-31 07:42:07
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Alleged RC2 
It sounds plausable.
The "bits" parameter guarantees that there are exactly 2^bits
distinct possibilities for the key schedule.  It does this by
re-calculating the key schedule as a function only of its
rightmost "bits" bits, after expansion of the user key to 128 bytes.
One would not wish to directly limit the length of the user
key, since it would most likely be a passphrase of some sort. The "bits" parameter allows the effective key length to be
set in a manner which is translucent to the application and
its user interface.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:47:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: rsync and md4 
Has MD5 been broken again?  Or are you referring to that little
collision problem which is unlikely to affect the security of the
typical real life application?

@_date: 1996-07-07 11:27:14
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> The doublethink and hypocrisy of modern society is
 > astounding.
 > When the mother (a single mother, as this is California)
 > drops her son off with my friend (also single, of course),
 > she includes several "Ritalin" capsules with instructions on
 > how to dose her son with this depressant/behavior
 > modification drug.
 > My friend ignores these Ritalins, which upsets the Mom
 > greatly the next day when she realizes her son has not been
 > given the tranks that are also known as "Mother's little
 > helpers."
This, of course, is justified by the psychiatric profession's
invention of dozens of bogus diseases, syndromes, and disorders
for children.  These are not caused by any organic pathology, of
course, but are instead defined solely by the child belonging to
the upper five percent of those exhibiting perfectly normal
behaviors which annoy people who have money to hire
psychiatrists.  For kids, that's parents and teachers, and the
afflicted population jumps to ten percent if you happen to be a
kid unlucky enough to be under the care of Mormons.
Refuse to go to a crappy public school and you are suffering from
"School Phobia." Don't jump to follow the orders of the nearest
adult, or disagree with an adult, and its "Oppositional-Defiant"
Disorder.  Not to mention the plethora of ADD/ADDH nonsense that
is used to label any kid who is bored to tears by eight hours a
day of political indoctrination from the NEA and AFT.
Drugs for the poor, and therapy for the rich who can afford it,
are of course the way the psychiatric profession offers to "cure"
these invented maladies.  And since every population of children
will have an upper five percent (ten percent, for Mormons), a
neverending supply of patients is assured.
 > This discipline sets him straight, but it's not something
 > his New Age "supermom" would ever think of doing. Hence the
 > kid throws temper tantrums, acts out, calls her "You fucking
 > asshole" (remember, he's only 8 or so), and so on. So she
 > cranks up his dose of Ritalin and he's zoned out for a
 > while.
Actually, I think calling someone who force-feeds you a
mind-numbing drug "A Fucking Asshole" is, to borrow one of Tim's
favorite words, "Unremarkable." :)
This Soviet-style "Medicalization of Dissent", while applied
primarily to children today, historically has been done by the
psychiatric profession on behalf of anyone who could write their
name on a large check. It wasn't too long ago that they even had
an official mental disorder whose symptoms were "an abnormal
desire for freedom" on the part of a Black man.  Slave owners
must have been just as happy with that as Ritalin-dispensing
parents and teachers are today.
 > The connection with the themes of our list is that this
 > linguistic doublethink is what allows Big Brother's control
 > of our communications and private files to be called by the
 > relatively benign name of "escrow."
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-07 18:40:37
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> While the psychiatric profession has invented many bogus
 > diseases, that does not mean that the profession has no
 > credibility. Remember that psychology is little more than
 > philosophy.  Abnormal behavior patterns don't necessarily
 > mean that a child has a disorder or disease.  However, if
 > the child experiences physical symptoms, then a chemical
 > imbalance in the brain is not that farfetched.
There are, of course, real mental illnesses with underlying
pathology, like schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and clinical
I'm not sure the existence of genuine mental illness makes the
psychiatric profession credible, however, when they are all too
willing to climb in bed with the latest political fad.
Recall those "experts" during World War I who explained with
prefect seriousness to the American public that the reason the
Germans' heads fit so well into those pointy helmets was that
their brains were missing the part that distinguished right from
Adolescent Psychiatric Imprisonment and Insurance Fraud are a
multi-million dollar well-organized business in the United
States, and talk shows are filled with women who split into 1,000
different personalities, some of them alien visitors, after being
traumatized by some sexual oddity.
 > First of all, a child is considered to have "school phobia"
 > when the child refuses to go to school and also has severe
 > anxiety attacks, vomiting, and nausea.
Goodness gracious, you make these people sound almost reasonable.
I remember last year one local TV station did a piece on "school
phobia", and the wonderful drugs that could be used to treat it.
The kid profiled simply didn't like school, and refused to attend
it, and the list of symptoms given to help parents recognize the
disorder were entirely attendance related.
Of course, with enough Mellaril in your system, you can probably
put up with just about anything.
 > Attention Deficit Disorder is hardly nonsense; it's a
 > disorder found to be partly hereditary and strongly linked
 > with clinical depression.
ADD people are simply the upper 5-10% of the population with
regard to behavioral traits which make learning more difficult.
Of course such things can be hereditary and of course people who
can't live up to expectations placed upon them sometimes get
clinically depressed.
The thing to remember here is that we are looking at things which
show continuous normal variation in any population, like height
and hatsize, and the people who are being labeled and treated
here are hardly some huge number of standard deviations away from
the norm.
 > There are real illnesses, and there are fake ones.  Just
 > because the psychiatic profession does attribute certain
 > behavior to some non-existent illness doesn't mean there is
 > any reason to not believe in any psychological maladies.
Which of course is not the issue here.  No one has stated that
legitimate mental illness does not exist, merely that the
profession has a tendency to use creative imagination where a
market or political pressure exists.
 > It's surprising to me that people consider the Unabomber
 > "insane" but yet do not believe that many very real mental
 > illnesses and disorders exist.
Insanity is a legal term which by its very construction, is an
almost impossible set of criteria to meet.  It has nothing to do
with any scientific definition of mental illness.  You can be
completely bonkers and carrying on meaningful conversations with
wall ornaments, and the government will be more than happy to fry
you in the electric chair.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-08 02:10:28
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
So the medical profession tells us.  It's a curious message.  College
students who take methamphetamine during exam week to increase their
alertness and performance are criminals, and bomber pilots and kids
who take this or a similar drug for the same reasons are not.
"Just Say No to Drugs Big Brother Doesn't Give You"
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-09 12:31:43
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Perry Writes:
Since diabetes has an organic cause, this analogy with syndromes and
disorders defined solely by behavioral percentages fails.
A better model might be height, which follows a basically continuous
distribution once outliers due to functional endocrine problems are
eliminated. We could, of course, define a "vertical deficit disorder" (VDD) which
10% of the population have by definition, and for which the treatment
would be synthetic human growth hormone given regularly during the
growing years. People with VDD would probably want to be taller, and be as successful
as their peers at important things like basketball.  The specified treatment would certainly demonstrate effectiveness in accomplishing
this goal.  People with VDD would argue that their disease was real, since it was hereditary, and could be measured with complex scientific
instrumentation, like PET^H^H^HYardsticks.
Nonetheless, reputable scientists usually only perscribe HGH for persons
many standard deviations away from the norm, or who have medical disorders
which interfere with normal production of the substance.  Any doctor who
started handing out perscriptions to everyone in the shortest 10%
of the population would probably be up on malpractice charges posthaste. Amphetamines have demonstrated themselves to be a tricky medication even
for psychological disorders for which they were once considered appropriate.  ADD and its treatment plays very well into a society that
seems to feel that each and every one of life's misfortunes must be
given a name and called a disease. Of course, no amount of reason will disuade the True Believers from
embracing yet another disease model, and we shouldn't expect that it would.  But I think it is clear to many people that the forced medication
of children for the convenience of those who take care of them is
getting a bit out of control.

@_date: 1996-07-09 16:37:41
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> Why eliminate the people with endocrine problems? You need
 > not invent a new syndrome. The folks with severe deficits of
 > growth hormone are an actual group, and are a perfectly fine
 > group to give growth hormones to.
The point was that the group with endocrine problems was an
appropriate group to give growth hormone to, whereas the shortest
10% of the population was not.
Similarly while there might very well be some disorder of
cognition for which amphetamines would be appropriate medication,
prescribing them on the basis of which 10% of the population
performs least well in the traditional "cells and bells" school
environment is not it.
The fact that some claim to be able to demonstrate ADD by
"repeatable biological tests" carries no more weight than the
ability to repeatably demonstrate that a person is short of
stature by "repeatable tape measure tests."
 > However, that doesn't mean that growth hormone isn't needed
 > for the people whom you choose to dismiss in your first
 > paragraph as though they were not a valid place to draw the
 > analogy.
There is a difference between giving medication for a verifiable
organic problem, like insulin for diabetes, or growth hormone for
a pituitary defect, and giving it to the 10% shortest, or the 10%
most likely to call their teachers bleep words.
 > Has it occurred to you that many of the children in
 > question are happy being medicated, as are many adults? In
 > any case, who are you to tell other people what's good for
 > them?
Again, to return to the height analogy, doctors have to throw
short parents seeking human growth hormone for their perfectly
healthy short children off their doorsteps every day.
Same goes for patients seeking antibiotics inappropriate for
their illnesses, and countless other things.
The price of giving the patient (or the patient's parents)
everything they want is disease-resistant microorganisms, a
country where everyone is over six feet tall, and classrooms full
of obedient citizen-units in Soma-induced trances.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-09 17:34:38
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
In the message after his "Last Message on the Topic",
 >> Since diabetes has an organic cause, this analogy with
 >> syndromes and disorders defined solely by behavioral
 >> percentages fails.
 > Incorrect.  I am not certain if ADD has been definitely
 > linked to a lack of a certain neurotransmitter, but since it
 > shows up on a PET scan, it probably is.
Even thinking about math shows up on a PET scan.  Nothing
disordered about that.  I do it all the time.
You seem to feel that if something can be detected
scientifically, then it has some tangible existance beyond
behavior and percentiles.  Silly, because these things are tools
of measurement too.
Being able to reliably tell people apart based on some fallacious
criteria does nothing to make the criteria less fallacious.
 > You say that a disorder defined only by behavioral percentage in
 > not a real disorder.  If the number was far less than 10%, would
 > you then consider it a disease.
No.  I would look at the population distribution.  If it was
smooth and continuous and similar to other distributions
associated with continuous normal variation of physical
characteristics, I certainly wouldn't call it a disease.
If some poor soul was sitting five standard deviations away from
the norm, with a verifiable organic problem, then the hypothesis
of disease would certainly be one worthy of investigation.
 > In an earlier message, you claimed that depression is an
 > actual disease.  One-third of all Americans have some form
 > of clinical depression. Your logic escapes me.
Depression is a normal human emotion as long as it is related to
something sad in ones environment.  Depression becomes a disease
only when serious and inappropriate self-destructive behavior is
likely, or when the mental state becomes endogenous, and
unrelated to ones circumstances.
Again, if I tried to define depression as "The least happy 33% of
the population", that would be silly, regardless of whether true
clinical depression existed.
 > It seems that the only people who think that drug treatment
 > is bad for people with disorders that can cause that person
 > to not reach his or her potential are those who have never
 > even been afflicted with a mental disorder.  Nor do they
 > know much about the subject.
Medicating a disease is fine.  Recreational uses of relatively
harmless intoxicants and are also fine.  It is the inappropriate
use of strong medicines with serious side effects by clueless
people for vague criteria like "reaching his or her potential"
that I have a problem with.
People have lost jobs because they weren't physically strong,
smelled bad, didn't have hair, or spoke English with an accent no
one could understand.
Do these people get "deficit disorders" too?  Do we allow them to
ingest potentially life-threatening and toxic chemicals in a vain
attempt to pass everyone else in the Big Race Of Life(TM)?
Face it.  People are not all alike.  Shit happens.  Learn to
adjust.  Someday you'll find something you are good at, even if
it's not public school.
 > I guess I am a True Believer.  I believe that ADD exists.
I believe that large feet exist.  But I don't walk around with an
axe trying to correct the problem and save the large-footed
people the shame that comes from not being able to excel in the
world of ballet dancing.
 > I also believe in the theory of Relativity.
But can you derive it from a Lagrangian density without having to
peek in the book? :)
 > Both of these are backed by hard evidence and nearly
 > unanimous agreement among specialists in these fields.
There is absolutely no similarity between a hard science, like
physics, and a collection of people who make money selling
flim-flam to their disciples.
 > Of course, it's rather easy to dismiss something as a
 > misfortune which doesn't effect you personally.
So the short, smelly, bald, big-footed people who can't do tensor calculus tell me. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-09 18:50:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> Fine, lets say that you are right, and that some number of
 > children could use Ritalin. Is it your opinion that Tim May
 > is qualified to diagnose children who do and don't need it?
 > He appears to be claiming that he can.
I believe he is claiming that children are being overmedicated
for the purposes of controlling their behavior, and that the hard
scientific justification for this practice is lacking.
 > I will note, of course, that your contention about
 > percentages and the likelyhood that something is a disease
 > doesn't really wash very well. By your lights, then, heart
 > disease couldn't be a "real" illness given that a lot more
 > than 10% of the population suffers from it to one extent or
 > another. Of course, we could simply redefine dying of a
 > heart attack as "normal" and then we could be done.
Again, I said that one should NEVER define a disease solely by
percentages and subjective behavioral observations.  Not that 10%
was some sort of dividing point in doing so.
Again, no one would try and define heart disease by the
subjective observations of suddenly dropping dead, or of claiming
chest pain.  You would be lumping lots of diseases into one and
learning nothing about their etiology.
 > How about giving people with hypertension blood pressure
 > medication? I mean, they are just "out of the norm", right?
 > I mean, there is a continuum of blood presures, yes? Why
 > should we give the people at the top of the spectrum
 > medications, just because high blood pressures are
 > associated with vascular accidents?
Sorry, Perry.  It is perfectly normal for blood pressure to vary
all over the range for which medication is given.  Some people
need medication, others are just hyper because they hate going to
the doctor, or because the elevator was broken and they just ran
up several flights of stairs.
Some of these people have vascular damage.  Others do not.
Again, we don't simply measure blood pressure and give pills to
the people who fall in the top X%.  Pressure anomalies have many
many causes, and doctors do complete workups and a differential
diagnosis, based on the best models of disease processes they
have available, before prescribing medication.
 > I suppose you don't understand what it might be like for
 > someone to be unable to do their work no matter how heavy
 > the threat against them if they don't, and no matter how
 > easy it is.
Such people may need to find more interesting work.  There is
such a thing as being bored out of ones skull, you know.
 > There are people out there who can't get themselves to pay a
 > phone bill or throw out the newspapers for months on end --
 > they just can't get themselves to dance around into the task
 > no matter how hard they try, no matter how great the threat
 > (job loss, etc) to them is.
 > Many such people, given a small dose of Ritalin,
 > miraculously recover from their "crazyness", or their
 > "faking" or whatever it is. They start paying their bills,
 > writing the overdue reports at the office, listening in
 > school, etc.
Some people would make the same claim for small doses of opiates.
Or small doses of benzodiazepines, or phenothiazines, or ethanol.
Ritalin was developed because there were political problems with
medicating people for performance-related problems with
methamphetamines while trying to conduct a loud and noisy War on
 > They cease to play incessantly with fidget toys and they get
 > on with their lives. Maybe you would prefer to "help" them
 > by not letting them get medication. Maybe its "unnatural".
 > Could you explain to me, however, how you are making their
 > lives better by not giving them their meds? I mean, what
 > concretely is better about their lives?
If someone has some sort of cognitive disability which can be
diagnosed and for which treatment with medication is appropriate,
I have no problem with that.  But vague claims that "Johnny won't
sit still" hardly constitute such a workup.
 > You miss the point. You spoke of involuntarily medicated
 > kids. Most of the kids aren't involuntarily medicated.
Let's see.  At the beginning of this message, you were
questioning Tim's qualifications to suggest kids were
overmedicated.  Now you are telling us that the kids are
qualified to give informed consent to the very same thing.
Hardly consistant, even for you Perry.
 > Ritalin does not induce a zombie-like trance, as the
 > numerous people on this mailing list who take it can tell
 > you.
I think you need to cut your dose in half. :)
Seriously, though, the really dumb thing in all of this is the
constant pretending that drugs both do and don't have the ability
to enhance performance.  We vascilate between "Drugs are never
the solution" and "Take this pill twice a day with a glass of
water."  This is a very mixed message indeed.
One of the brightest guys I ever knew was a PhD Computer
Scientist who was flying on cocaine 24 hours a day.  His output
was phenomenal, but I doubt he will be reading this message. He
looked like a concentration camp inmate 10 years ago, and I doubt
that he is alive today.
TANSSAAFL, IMHO.

@_date: 1996-07-10 06:23:59
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> I have a problem with people like Mike Duvos who think that
 > folks like myself and others on this list with ADD use
 > having ADD as a crutch for being fidgety, not getting their
 > work done on time, or worst yet, Fired.
Welcome to ADD-Punks folks.
 > I wish people like Mr. Duvos could walk a mile in my shoes
 > before making off the cuff remarks, I wish I could get jobs
 > done on time, I wish that I could finish one project before
 > starting three more! My office looks like someone tossed a
 > hand grenade in it, Proposals to the left, Job quotes to the
 > right, jobs is various states of completion, Lost jobs to my
 > inattentivness to my clients, Lost good clients because of
 > having ADD and not knowing it!
Sounds like my office.  Of course, I usually force myself to get
things done on time, and to be polite to the clients, but the
hand grenade description is perfectly accurate.
 > One of my wishes did come true, and that was finding out
 > that I do have ADD.
This is really a telling statement, isn't it?  After all, we
rarely hear people saying their greatest wish is to find out that
they have liver disease, or cancer, or heart trouble.
The problem here is that we live in a society that won't cut any
slack for normal human diversity unless you have some sort of
official disease defined by the medical profession.  So there is
constant pressure to "medicalize" all sorts of odd things, so
that the people who exhibit certain characteristics don't get
lumped in with the rest of the supposedly unproductive
When you get to the point where, all other things being equal, a
diagnosis makes your life bearable again, it is time to make some
serious changes in your environment.
 > Below is a list of famous people with Attention Deficit
 > Disorders and/or Learning Disorders, and I'd be willing to
 > bet that Perry Metzger either has, or knows someone with
 > ADD.
 > One can only wonder how much more great some of the people
 > on this list would be today if they knew ADD back then.
"Albert, you're doing very well on your Ritalin.  Your attendance
has been perfect since you started taking it, and you've finished
every task we've given you on time.  I think you're ready to be
promoted to SENIOR clerk-typist, with a $1 an hour raise in pay.
"Keep taking the medication your doctor prescribes, and you won't
have any more problems dreaming all day about non positive
definite 4-manifolds and null geodesics."
Right. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-10 07:33:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> Of course, drugs can also be damaging. One tablet of
 > Tylenol is not so bad. 100 destroy your liver. An
 > occassional drink rarely hurts. Being falling down drunk at
 > all times is unlikely to improve your life.
I will never take Tylenol.
Acetaminophen is an interesting compound.  It is a potent
hepatotoxin, but is broken down "just in time" by liver enzymes
when it is taken in small quantities.  Hence it usually doesn't
kill you.
The Catch-22 here is that people whose livers are impaired for
various reasons may not be able to metabolize it before it does
its damage, and their livers may be destroyed.  These people may
not have any other symptoms which indicate to them that they have
liver disease.
There have been a number of cases of liver damage requiring
transplantation, one which involved taking only a couple of
tablets more than the recommended daily dose.
Coincidentally, one of the morning shows had a piece today on a
baby that required a liver transplant for a Tylenol overdose,
just before I read your message.  Seems the package of Tylenol
said to consult a physician for the correct dosage if a child was
under two years of age.  The mom called the doctor and he gave
her the dosage for "Children's Tylenol." The mother,
unfortunately, was using "Infant Tylenol", which is slightly more
concentrated, and the baby lost her liver as a result of this
unfortunate miscomunication.
Despite the marketing hype, the risks of acetaminophen just
aren't worth it for a medication whose only purpose is to serve
as a mild analgesic.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-10 08:58:02
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
> I keep looking around wondering if the list is being
 > trolled.  (Anyone else notice Mr. Duvos' username is "mpd"?)
Pretty obvious it's my initials, as opposed to one of the other
thousand or so acronyms it collides with.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-10 09:27:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
"Perry E. Metzger"  > A total distortion of the man's point. Imagine someone
 > suffering from an unknown ailment for years. One day, he is
 > finally diagnosed, a treatment is given, and he feels
 > better.
 > All you can do is try to argue that he shouldn't be treated.
I think the problem here is in making the "diagnosis" the
all-singing all-dancing point around which everything else
If we have safe and effective medications which increase
alertness in the school and in the workplace, why shouldn't
everyone be able to take them in small doses as the need arises?
We only need to invent a "syndrome" or a "disorder" around such
things because we make such an enormous distinction between
"medicines", which are good, and "drugs", which are bad.
Inventing mythological ailments and "politicizing dissent" has
other disadvantages as well.  Little Johnny's perfectly valid
criticisms of the local NEA stormtrooper can be easily dismissed
by an explanation that Johnny has "Authority Defiance Disorder",
or some other convenient thing that permits Johnny to be tranked
senseless whenever he might say something awkward in public.
This has close ties to the way those in authority, and their
minions, regularly diagnose people like us with labels like
"anti-government" as in "The anti-Government Freemen", "The
anti-Government Militias", or "The anti-Government
 > Did you listen to that guy at all? He was in pain and
 > anguish over the fact that his life was totally screwed up
 > in spite of his best efforts to make a go at work he loved.
 > Now he can function. You want him to be "diverse" and go on
 > not functioning. He doesn't want that. Who are you to tell
 > him how live his own life?
The human body is a homeostatic system.  Let's see what this
guy's mood looks like in 30 years and see how he feels about
Ritalin taking then.  By that time, he may be taking the same
dose he is today just to feel as rotten as he did before he
started taking it at all.
Not uncommon at all in the "drugs help me function" crowd.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-11 12:19:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: rsync and md4 
> From cypherpunks-errors at toad.com  Wed Jul 10 14:43:28 1996
 > Subject: Re: rsync and md4
 > Date: Mon, 01 Jul 1996 10:19:27 -0400
I think I've seen this message before.  Perry must be in reruns
for the summer.
Stay tuned for more of "The Best of Perry." :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-19 19:29:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
> Filtering is not "wrong," Cerridwyn, it is a rational
 > response to garbage being spewed constantly. I filter lots
 > of items. I read "Scientific American" and "The Economist"
 > because they filter (or "censor," in the sense some are
 > objecting to here) nonsense about "queer rights" and
 > "peircing fashions," to name but a few things I have no
 > interest in hearing about.
Filtering is wonderful.  Long live filtering.
I used to read "Scientific American" too, back in the days when
the table of contents wasn't illustrated with cute little icons.
Back then, reputable scientists, as opposed to staff writers and
less reputable scientists, actually wrote all the articles, which
were about science, and not political screeds mascarading as
And to conserve bandwidth, please reread the above paragraph
substituting "Nova" for "Scientific American" and "watch" for
Having offended "Scientific American" and PBS, let us now proceed
to the main agenda item, offending homosexuals.
 > If I had kids, I'd make sure that lots of negative memes
 > were kept away from them until they reached an age where it
 > no longer mattered, where there views are already basically
 > set.
If I had kids, I would be overjoyed that the new technology of
the information age permitted them to investigate any topic of
their choice in the safety of their own home.  Of course, there
would be some reasonable limits during their very early years, if
only to prevent them from waking up screaming in the middle of
the night, but I expect most of these could be eliminated by the
time they reached their early teens.
If I had kids, I am sure Tim would support my right to give them
access to the entire universe of human knowlege and thought as
early as possible, and to let them form their own opinions on
every conceivable subject, even if those opinions differed from
my own.  Where I suspect we differ, is that I would not only
advocate such an advantage for my kids, but for his as well.
The problem with giving parents the absolute right to control
their childrens' input of memes until the children are too old
and stupid to learn anything new, is that it creates generational
propagation of obsolete ideologies.  All the Dole children think
exactly like Bob.  All the Hitler children think exactly like
Adolf.  Same for the Mengele children, the Nixon children, the
Stalin children, the Netanyahu children, etc...
 > I see nothing wrong in this. Anyone who disagrees is, of
 > course, free to set his filters differently, but not to
 > insist that my filters be changed. And the government is not
 > free to pass any laws about what filter sites can and can't
 > do.
Before the days of home computers and filters, we had things
called public libraries.  They provided all citizens with
unfiltered access to information of their choice, even children.
Members of the American Library Association are pretty good at
torching paper trails of what people choose to read, and allowing
children who have reached the age of reason access to almost
everything in the library, as long as they don't talk too loudly
or stick gum to the seats.  Parents may not like this, but up
until now, the librarians have stood their ground.
The movement towards accessing information from home PCs, coupled
with the new "parents rights" movement and filtering software,
creates a situation where no one under the age of 18 can have
access to any information their parents don't want them to see.
As the Web replaces the library, young people won't even be able
to preserve the same anonymous access to controversial
information they have always had in the past.  This is a step
backwards for youth rights.
 > Unfortunately, I think many on this list are so taken by
 > "liberalistic" notions that they think the State needs to
 > intervene to stop me from filtering my son's access to "The
 > Joys of Queer Sex."
 > (As a libertarian, I really don't care what sexual
 > practices others practice, so long as I am not forced to
 > either fund or witness their practices. And so long as I am
 > free to filter out their practices as I see fit, including
 > for my minor children and/or members of my household.)
The age of filtering has arrived.  You can filter your childrens'
access to sex manuals, grandma's access to the elder abuse web
page, and your underpaid Ethiopian leaf blower operator's access
to anything having to do with laws against sub-minimum wages or
 > Some parents simply get tired of spending time each night
 > trying to undo the propaganda taught in many public school,
 > such as books like "I Have Two Mommies." Many of these
 > parents eventually give up and put their kids in religious
 > or private schools (even though they continue to pay taxes
 > for schools their own children are no longer using).
I certainly believe that the education dollar should be in the
hands of the education consumer, that the NEA and the AFT should
be splintered into a million pieces and scattered to the winds,
and that providing educational services should become a
competitive business run with the efficiency of Federal Express.
Nonetheless, I am not going to panic when the kids come home
after having read "Uncle Bruce's Asshole Has Two Uses" or
"Grandma Visits the Euthanasia Clinic" in class.  The solution to
bad speech is more speech.  Older kids can make up their own
minds about such things after hearing all sides, including their
parents', and younger kids generally take what is said at home at
face value anyway.
 > Queers are, as far as I'm concerned, perfectly free to
 > practice their AIDS-spreading practices to any and all
 > receptive anuses they can find, but I eschew this lifestyle
 > and will fight to the death for this right to avoid their
 > practices from being forced on me or my children (if I had
 > any, which I don't).
As an individual who has no desire to engage in gay sex, or watch
it being performed while I am eating, I must admit my attitudes
towards the "gay community" have undergone a certain evolution in
recent years.  Back in the '70s, gays supported a wide-ranging
platform of human rights issues, and a lot of activists whose
work I admired on many issues I supported "happened to be gay."
Now that the gay community has narrowed its focus solely to the
issue of consensual adult sodomy rights, and shown alarming signs
of sucking up to the Radical Religious Right, I really don't have
warm feelings towards it anymore.  They have marginalized many of
their former supporters and seem more interested in pleasing
Jesse Helms than in showing anything resembling ideological
integrity.  I really believe the gay movement of today would sell
out almost anyone if they thought it would guarantee the right of
homosexual men to join the Republican Party and plug each others
assholes in private in the community of their choice.
A right I support, of course, as long as I don't have to watch it
or pay for it.
 > I think of AIDS as "evolution in action." Retroviruses
 > which have existed for millenia now find new vectors for
 > spreading in our population. I cry no tears for those dying
 > of AIDS, and work to reduce to tax dollars spent on such
 > things as "AIDS research." Let those who introduced the new
 > vector pay for the research.
I'm not sure this is "evolution in action", as much as the "law
of unintended consequences." Kind of like feeding ground up sheep
to cows and discovering that the brains of hamburger eaters are
turning to swiss cheese.  Not a morality issue at all.
Homosexual transmission of HIV is not the significant vector in
most of the world anyway, with the exception of the US and a few
other countries where the virus happened by pure accident to find
its way into a high risk population.
 > What do you call ten million AIDS deaths?  You figure it
 > out.
If this is like the lawyer joke, it isn't very nice.
In any case, to summarize...
   1.  Let a thousand filters bloom today.
   2.  Filtering what you read is good.
   3.  Filtering what other people read is bad.
   4.  Choosing your own perversions is good.
   5.  Making other people watch is bad.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-20 15:40:17
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
> This is simply incorrect. It is a supportable advocacy for
 > most adults, but children's minds tend to be like
 > sponges--everything they take in (up until a certain age) is
 > thought to be true, interesting, worth experimenting with,
 > based on authority, etc. Read Piaget.
Piaget was very good at "proving" how fundamentally different the
minds of children were from those of adults, and at constructing
elaborate webs of complex terminology and doctrine to support his
Unfortunately, his experiments suffered from obvious flaws.  I
recall one in which he trained a child to relate the terms "more"
and "less" to whether the same amount of fluid was poured into a
taller or shorter container.  Piaget concluded that this
demonstrated that children have no quantitative skills.  Others
had a less flattering description of the research, and realized
that all Piaget had accomplished was to teach his subjects
incorrect meanings for a few common words.  Similar defects can
be found is most of his other constructs, and better designed
experiments do not demonstrate the effects he claimed.
 > What is more, a parent can't watch them every second while
 > they're on the net, nor will they ask all the questions they
 > should about certain material they see. I'd no more permit
 > young kids to view gay or bestial or porno sites on the net
 > than I'd let them view propaganda for how good pigs taste
 > (unsupervised), if I were an orthodox Jew.
Again, we are applying a standard to the Net which has never been
applied to libraries.  Any orthodox Jewish child can read all he
or she wants in a library about the wonders of pig-eating,
without any possibility of parental supervision or disclosure of
their un-Jewish interests.
But it is now being advocated that on the Net, no child has a
right to view even a syllable of any information their parents do
not want them to see.  While gay or bestial sex is frequently the
excuse for such antics, it is clear that parents will be using
this new technology to impose a level of control over their
childrens' minds which has heretofore never been possible.  This
should worry us all.
 > When they've passed the developmental stage (I rely on the
 > experts in this field for that determination) where they
 > have independent critical judgement and the security to
 > exercise it, THEN I would open up their horizons.
Generally, very young children do not have the neural wiring in
place to suspend emotional reactions to imagery based on
intellectual considerations. Seeing an picture of someone being
hurt in a movie causes them the same emotional pain as seeing
someone hurt in real life, even though they may know perfectly
well that the former image is fictional in nature.
Almost all children develop this important critical faculty by
the age of 12, by which point, they manage to only be sickened by
the evening news, and not by the latest "Nightmare on Elm Street"
While limiting the "horizons" of persons in their middle to late
teens is often justified by arguments about developmental stages,
the truth is that it is simply an attempt by their keepers to
control how they think and to what views, mostly political and
social in nature, they are exposed to.
 > I speak as a father who has raised four children who turned
 > out to be independent beings to successful adulthood and
 > families of their own, not as a theoretician.
Do they troll on Usenet too? :)

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:11:55
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
> The same can be said of the children of the more politically
 > correct.  My opinion is that religion is a waste of time and
 > resources, and therefore, those who force their children to
 > be religious is doing precisely the same harm you allude to.
Of course they are.
 > That is strictly MY opinion.  If there are enough of me
 > around, should we be allowed to force the government to take
 > children away from their religious parents?  More mildly,
 > can the government "protect" a child from religious ideas?
 > What gives the society more rights to regulate how the child
 > shall be brought up, except the narrow interest of
 > protecting the physical safety of the child?  It is not even
 > clear that the government may force a child to accept
 > secular ideas that may violate the child's religious
 > background, even if the government has a compelling secular
 > interest in doing so.
This is the usual smokescreen the "parents rights" lobby brings
to the bargaining table.  Rather than make the debate over the
rights of the child, and what resources the state should make
available to the child to protect those rights, they make it a
contest between the parent and the state to see who gets to
violate the child's rights the most.  Since most people regard
parents as more benevolent than the state towards children, the
parents automatically win without the reasonableness of their
behavior ever coming under discussion.
So instead of arguing whether children should have access to
education, libraries, computers, and other resources in their own
right, we get the usual endless debate over whether the state or
the parent should exercise the absolute iron-fisted control
parents all seem to think is such a wonderful thing, with
anything other than state collaboration with the parents wishes
being represented as the state usurping the parental role.
Been there.  Done that.  And as the Scottish would say, "It's
 > Yes, we would like fewer Hitler's in the future.  But should
 > we NOT let the people decide how the raise their children
 > because there is some risk of a few of them turning into
 > future Hitlers?
Again, children have a right to go to libraries, get educated,
and use telecommunications resources without interference by
EITHER the state or their parents.  As is usual, the people who
are against children having these rights try to sell everyone the
notion that the only choice is between their two handpicked and
equally unacceptable alternatives - iron-fisted state control or
iron-fisted parental control of everything children do.
We see the same rhetoric at work with things like curfew laws as
well.  The question is always phrased as "should the state or the
parents set curfews." Whereas, the real question is "Should
police or parents have the right to harrass a 17 year old who is
out in public, behaving himself, simply because it is 9 PM at
The best way to raise "Fewer Hitlers" is to have a generation of
children who lack the internalized rage produced by being walked
on like doormats by numerous authority figures while they are
growing up.  This includes both parents and representatives of
the government.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-21 17:12:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
> There are many others who have come to similar conclusions
 > about the formation of independent judgement in children,
 > and lots of non-Piaget experiments. Your comments are
 > diversionary and in fact by the end of your post you come to
 > agree with my basic point.
Every doctrine has its followers, and I will admit "Piaget-Speak"
is still quite popular in certain circles, and its buzzwords are
often heard in arguments promoting child inferiority and
dismissing childrens' concerns.
That hardly means I agree with your basic point, which is that
parents should be able to do whatever they want in controlling
their childrens' information sources without their children
having any recourse against them.
 > That is also false in its implications. Librarians are in
 > loco parentis,
This, of course, varies with local statutes, as does the legal
definition of "In Loco Parentis." Generally it applies to
teachers, people hired to care for children, and some relatives,
such as grandparents.  I am not familar with any locale where
librarians are specifically mentioned, and most librarians will
be more than happy to explain to you that a library is not a free
babysitting service, and that they are not caregivers.
 > and most libraries are VERY careful about what materials
 > young children are exposed to and what is more, are
 > responsive to community pressure in the matter since most
 > libraries are community-based.
Most libraries let "young adults" (read anyone who has hit their
teenage years) read pretty much anything they want.  "Parents on
the warpath" have managed to apply pressure in recent years, and
libraries are a bit less free than they used to be, but I think
the American Library Association has done a pretty good job in
standing its ground against agitators and pressure groups.
 > So after trying to refute my point, you come to agree with
 > it and want to shift the issue to the question of at what
 > age....
No - I stated in my original message that young children do need
some reasonable constraints to guard them from exposure to
material which might cause them emotional pain.
This is far different from your assertion that minors (everyone
under 18) should have no access to any information that their
parents do not pre-approve.
 > I'm not competent to assess that nor, I assert, are you; I
 > suggest it varies with the child and it's up to the
 > individual parent to make those subtle distinctions, issue
 > by issue, child by child.
Nothing subtle about it David.  Once young people have passed
through early childhood, the burden of proof is on anyone who
suggests that they should be insulated from social and political
reality to provide a convincing reason why. Parental
capriciousness doesn't qualify.
 > As I parse the above sentence it says limiting is often
 > justified but it might not be.
Parse the sentence again.  What it says is that although
"protecting children" is often the excuse used to limit older
childrens' access to controversial material, the reality is that
it is usually an effort to control their thinking on certain
issues by making sure they have only one viewpoint, that of their
 > If so, it's up to the parents to figure ou where THEIR kid
 > is on the scale--nobody else has as much time, motivation,
 > or opportunity to observe.
As is usual with Statists, the argument is seen as a debate over
who should be doing the controlling, the notion that everyone
needs to be controlled being a foregone conclusion.
Perhaps it's time to take Perry's pledge. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-22 06:10:38
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
David Sternlight  spews forth:
 > The above suggests your mind is closed. I'm going to
 > respond once for the benefit of other readers before
 > plonking you. Feel free to e-mail me if you really want a
 > discussion and not just to hear yourself talk.
How many gigs is the legendary SternBot Killfile by now?  Do you
use a RAID array?
 > This is a massive evasion. I referred to librarians'
 > traditional role in managing children's reading.
Librarians have no role to "manage" anyones reading.  They are
there to assist patrons in locating the materials of their
choice. The Library "Bill of Rights" does not specify ANY age
limits for services provided to library patrons.
 > Further, librarians often observe what children are reading
 > and try to gently guide them--mostly informed by the child's
 > tastes but also with a certain "keep them out of hot water"
 > flavor.
Again, librarians have better things to do than to peep over the
shoulders of library patrons.  Even tiny library patrons.
 > We're not talking about "young adults" here. It's been
 > clear from my comments from the beginning that I was
 > talking about young children. Piaget didn't do all that much
 > with teen-agers.
You are the one who mentioned Piaget.  Had you read my original
message accurately, you would have seen that unlimited access to
information was recommended once persons had entered their
teenage years.  There was no suggestion that very young children
should be given access to material they might find disturbing.
 > This has to do with attempted censorship of what adults may
 > read, and is totally off-topic.
No, actually it has to do with attempts by parents and religious
agitators to control what young people may see in a library, like
taking "Playboy" off the periodical rack, for instance, and
requiring it to be signed out from behind the counter by those
over 18.  Such attempts have increased in number in recent years,
and some have actually been successful.
 > More than that, you conceded that the constraints should be
 > tailored to the age of the child (or at least what could be
 > observed about the child's maturity). That was my only point
 > and one with which you at first disagreed. Reread your
 > post--you are really blind to your own prejudices about my
 > posts.
Stating that very young children may require some guidance in
their choice of reading and viewing material is not a statement
that older minors should also be interfered with in this regard.
Your suggestion that this is implied because it is an example of
tailoring material to age, of which the first is also an example,
is a clear case of incorrect abstraction from the general to the
 >> Parse the sentence again.  What it says is that although
 >> "protecting children" is often the excuse used to limit
 >> older childrens' access to controversial material, the
 >> reality is that it is usually an effort to control their
 >> thinking on certain issues by making sure they have only one
 >> viewpoint, that of their parents.
 > Reread your own sentence (which I note you don't quote). It
 > says what I claim, not your revisionist rewriting above.
The original sentence was...
  "While limiting the "horizons" of persons in their middle to
   late teens is often justified by arguments about
   developmental stages, the truth is that it is simply an
   attempt by their keepers to control how they think and to
   what views, mostly political and social in nature, they are
   exposed."
Seems quite clear to me.
 > As usual with the intellectually bankrupt, calling names
 > such as "Statist" is "the last resort of the scoundrel".
 > Plonk!
Fortunately, there is no need to "Plonk" you David, because the
time required to hit "delete" on your messages is an
infinitesimal fraction of the time you waste writing them, and
like most trained animals, you do occasionally manage to do
something that amuses, even if it is only relieving yourself on
stage. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-23 15:39:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Slavery: An Idea Whose Time Has Come 
> Yes, he owned slaves. Makes me rethink my position on
 > slave-owning....
Many perfectly good social models have been trashed by the
excesses of history.  Eugenics will most certainly always be
associated in the public mind with anti-Semitism, and slavery
with racism against Blacks.
Modern slavery, if there were such a thing, would probably be
pretty benevolent.  Anyone would be able to sell themselves into
slavery, and anyone would be able to buy their way out of it.
Slave owners would be responsible for a slave's health care,
education, recreation, pocket money, retirement income, and would
not be able to hit, verbally abuse, or work their slaves more
than a certain number of hours a day.  They would also not be
able to break up families.
Slaves would undoubtedly be able to vote, have their own powerful
union, and a track record for suing owners who didn't toe the
Slavery would be a popular with homeless people, and with young
people forced to live in toxic home environments.  No parent
would want the public shame of having their child choose slavery
over living at home.
Many people might even prefer the lifestyle, with a guaranteed
standard of living absent any worries about job security, money,
or competition.  Just get up and put in an honest day's work, and
all your needs are taken care of.  The expense of downtime is the
owner's problem.
There would be certain vocations, like Cobol programming, which
would be especially suited to being performed by slaves.
Microsoft would probably own thousands of contented slaves, who
would sing happily as they wrote code.
"Manufactured 100% by slave labor" would be a cherished label,
and the people who bought such products would know that their
money was going to help eliminate many social ills, like
homelessness, unemployment, foster care, and revenues for the
public school system.  Kathie Lee Gifford would have to defend
herself for not owning enough slaves to make her proper
contribution to the community. But I digress... :)

@_date: 1996-07-23 17:33:55
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Brute-forcing DES 
> Sadly, after further calculation, I'm not so sure if it's
 > doable just yet.
 > The fastest general purpose, freely available des
 > implementation I'm aware of is libdes. by Eric Young. With
 > this, I can do a set_key in 15.8 us, and an ecb_encrypt in
 > 95 us/block. That adds up to about 9,000 keytests/sec (this
 > is on a 90 MHz P5, running NT).
What you really want to do to sweep the DES keyspace is to
"schedule" the input and output block you are testing, performing
any static operations, and do only enough computation to see that
a given key fails.  Special purpose assembler to do this
particular function would probably run faster than any algorithm
which could also be employed to encrypt data.
 > What will make this brute doable, if not now, then in the
 > near future?
 > 1. Faster Processors
 > 2. More processors.
 > 3. More interest
4. Better code.
This is actually a problem I plan to analyze someday. Looking at
single DES as a function of the key bits with the input and
output fixed.  This can be viewed as a boolean function, whose
result depends upon whether the given key works to map the input
onto the output.  Viewing this function as a composition of
single bit operations and optimizing it would perhaps lead to
insights on how best to compute it on a typical 32 bit CPU with
the usual collection of operations.
A messy little project, but probably one worth doing if I get
some free time.
Single DES is certainly ripe for a spectacular public failure.  A
little analytic work could bring breaking it within range of
available computing power.  If you are going to use regular
encryption code to brute force the keyspace, then it probably is
just a tad beyond reach at this point.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-23 18:53:35
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Filtering out Queers is OK 
> Secondly, I expect to have full control over the education
 > and the upbringing of my child.  I DO NOT have to let him go
 > the library. I DO NOT have to let him read any literature. I
 > DO NOT have to let him have an open mind.  It is NOT in the
 > Constitution.
Since the courts have said that humans under 18 are not "persons"
under the law, you have every right to not let your child read
anything, to not let him think for himself, and to not let him
out of the house until he reaches his 18th birthday.
Your child would presently have no recourse against you should
you choose to treat him in such a fashion, and believe it or not,
there are some of us who would like to change that.
 > I will do so because I believe it is good for him.
Good for you, at least.
 > Anyone who wants to change what I decide is good for him
 > will have to do so over my dead body.
Works for me.  I needn't point out that if I were ever on a jury
charged with determining whether your child, treated in the
aforementioned fashion, was guilty of a crime for splattering
your brains all over the living room wall like tapioca pudding, I
would find it almost impossible to vote for conviction.
 > I really could care less what you feel about how I should
 > raise my child.
You know, when children whine "I don't care what anyone else
thinks - No one has a right to tell me what to do", alarm bells
go off all over the place.  When parents say the exact same
thing, they think they deserve some sort of medal.
 > In fact, most parents are loving, caring, and try very hard
 > to do what is "good" (in their mind) for their child.  You,
 > sir, do not have some God-given monopoly on knowing what is
 > good for any child, let alone, mine.
The obvious fact is, neither do you.  Anyone with an IQ over 10
and genitals that are in working order can produce offspring. You
seem to think that the act of reproduction instantly transforms
the scum of the earth into child-rearing experts who must never
be contradicted by any outside agency as they lord their wishes
over their chattel.
 > Therefore, nobody (not you, not the PTA, not the school,
 > not the Congress) has any right to tell me what is good for
 > my child.
I think you have your child confused with your car.
The sad fact is that you are probably at the top of any list one
would prepare of groups and persons who think they know what is
good for children and don't.
 > Call it what you want; you ain't brainwashing my child with
 > your bull.
I think you've already done an excellent job of that yourself.
ObCrypto: Kids who have parents like this should know how to use
          strong encryption on their PCs.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-23 20:02:28
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Boobytraps and the American Legal System 
> Agree, very foolish to ever plant boobytraps in one's own
 > home.
The problem that I would have with boobytrapping my home is that
there are numerous people (police, firepersons, maintainance
workers, etc...) who might have a legitimate reason to try and
gain entry.  An automatic device cannot anticipate some
complicated scenario which might play itself out while I was
away, such as someone with a medical emergency trying to get to a
phone, or public service personnel needing to gain entrance to
fight a fire or to search for people to evacuate in case of a
biological or chemical accident.
The other reason I wouldn't do such a thing is that I do not own
anything that I consider worth death or serious injury to another
human being.  I recognize that this is a personal view, and
others opinions on the value of their possessions may differ from
Regarding the topic of children with guns, I recall a classmate
of mine whose father gave him a loaded rifle to keep in his room
for "protection" when he reached the advanced age of 12.  That
very night, he got scared when he thought he heard an intruder
sneaking up the stairs, and emptied the gun into his dog.  He
really loved the dog, and the whole experience was very
traumatizing for him.
Statistically, guns in the home are far more likely to be used to
shoot someone in a domestic dispute, or to be taken away by a
criminal and used against the homeowner, than they are to be used
to defend the homeowner against injury.  I can see very little
purpose for guns in densely populated urban settings, where
people tend to be paranoid, and stray bullets can hit almost
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-23 20:39:01
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Boobytraps and the American Legal System 
> Some people say that the lesson to be learned form such harsh  > legal realities is to kill burglars on sight. After all, dead  > people don't sue...
I remember some bus drivers in Mexico getting in trouble a number of years ago for their unwritten policy of running the bus back
over anyone they accidently hit.  Similar legal reasoning was, I believe, involved in this case
as well.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-24 15:47:41
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: DES-Busting Screen Savers? 
> -- Thus, the calculation will have to go 2-4 times longer
 > to give a high (>95%) chance that the answer is found. For
 > example, at 3 times the "efficient" search time, there is
 > only a 1/e^3 = 5% chance that nobody has found the answer
 > The probabalistic assignment is less efficient, obviously,
 > but has the advantage of not requiring a registry of
 > keyspace allocations. Further, "denial of service" attacks
 > (lying about having searched a chunk, or incorrectly
 > searching or reporting) are not a problem.
This is definitely the way to go when trying to break a block
cipher on the Net.  Partitioning out sieving works well for
distributed factoring only because verfying the submitted
relations requires a trivial amount of computer time compared
that expended in locating them.  There is no way for a central
server to verify a claim that a chunk of DES keyspace has been
thoroughly searched without a key being found, and it only takes
one bozo or saboteur to spoil the effort.
At triple the non-overlapping search time, we get about a 5%
chance of failure.  At quadruple, this falls to slightly less
than 2%.
Close enough for government work.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-25 10:21:07
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Data Sources for DES Breaking 
Given that we might embark upon this public demonstration of the
fragility of single DES, what should we use for test data?
If a lone Cypherpunk simply encrypts a file with DES-ECB, hides
the key in a drawer, and publishes the cyphertext and plaintext
for use in a distributed cracking effort, there will of course
be the suggestion that the exercise was rigged, and any public
policy implications will be lost in the endless "Was So/Was Not"
quibbling which will undoubtedly take place after the crack is
Given that most of the people currently singing the praises of
single DES live in the banking industry, which has so far
resisted all reasonable suggestions that it is time for them to
move to something stronger, it would seem almost obvious that
this crack should be done on some form of live financial data,
such as might be obtained if one were to capture bits passing
over publicly accessible phone lines between various financial
institutions, ATM machines, and centralized computer facilities.
The ideal data would be replete with prepended fixed headers
which could be used as a wedge for a known plaintext attack, and
should be sufficiently sensitive that breaking it will result in
scandalous tabloid headlines and numerous opportunities for
Cypherpunks to promote their policy agenda in the media.
DES is, after all, a prime example of the type of encryption one
gets when the government, rather than the brightest minds in the
private sector, are in charge of determining National Crypto
Policy and mandating the use of "approved" techniques.
I would suggest we obtain the test data for this exercise as soon
as possible, and widely disseminate it on the Net.  There is no
need to wait until we have distributed cracking software ready to
go before doing this, and having the actual data to play with
while munging the code together may lead to some new insights as
to efficient ways to attack the problem.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-25 13:19:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Data Sources for DES Breaking 
> This did not happen when cypherpunk Hal Finney posted a
 > message and challenge; everyone saw that resources were
 > assembled, and the key was cracked.
I think an effort to crack DES differs somewhat from factoring
RSA moduli or breaking 40 bit SSL in that tempting test data is
not everywhere for the taking. It may therefore be somewhat more
difficult for the typical reader to abstract a "what this means
for my data" scenario from the results of such an effort, and we
should expect at least a small amount of FUD from the American
Banking Association, which will recoil in horror at any
suggestion that what they are currently doing is not secure.
If we were preparing to attack something with a very visible
common application, like Unix Crypt(3), I would agree with you
that everyone would understand and see what was happening, just
as people were easily able to understand the notion of capturing
data during an SSL handshake, and pounding on it with large
numbers of CPU cycles.
 > What I see as more likely than 'did/did not' is the
 > Netscape-style assertion that the computer time used cost N
 > million dollars (Ok, NS claimed the compute cycles were
 > worth $10,000.)
Netscape's attempts at damage control were sorely limited by the
fact that the data used for the crack was captured during the
normal operation of their software.  Had Hal done some sort of
known plaintext attack on 40 bit RC4 outside the context of a
specific widely-used application, it is possible that a lot of
time would have been wasted countering the inevitable "this
doesn't apply to us" arguments from various software vendors,
with the general public understanding none of the terminology
used in the debate.  This would definitely have softened the
media impact of the accomplishment.
 > As such, the analysis needs to be presented in light of the
 > fact that 3des would take 3 times as long to encrypt, and
 > take 2**56 times as many dollars worth of compute power to
 > decrypt.  To put that to scale, if the computer power to
 > break des is one cent, the federal debt (5 trillion)
 > wouldn't get you close to breaking 3des.
Correct.  But breaking a real-life example of single DES would be
a nice rejoinder to those who continue to insist, in the face of
strong grumbling by the cryptographic community, that single DES
is a cipher with many more years of useful life left in it.
If this speeds the adoption of second generation ciphers by major
players in the national infrastructure, then it will have been a
useful exercise.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-25 14:42:07
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks for copy protection in recent Billbo 
> The Nyquist Theorem states you need exactly twice the
 > samples, not over twice. The magic number isn't something
 > like 2.2, its exactly 2.
The Sampling Theorem states that equally spaced instantaneous
samples must be taken at a rate GREATER THAN twice the highest
frequency present in the analog signal being sampled.  If this is
done, the samples contain all the information in the signal, and
faithful reconstruction is possible.
Exactly twice the highest frequency won't do, and it should be
obvious that sampling a sine wave at twice its frequency yields
samples of constant magnitude and alternating sign which convey
nothing about its phase and little useful about its amplitude
either.  (Drawing a little picture might be helpful here.)
Although anything over twice the highest frequency will work in a
theoretical sense, a small fudge factor does wonders for digital
signal processing, if only to reduce to a reasonable value the
width of the window into the sample stream needed for various
signal manipulations.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-26 03:06:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Digital Watermarks for copy protection in recent Billbo (fwd) 
>> The Sampling Theorem states that equally spaced
 >> instantaneous samples must be taken at a rate GREATER THAN
 >> twice the highest frequency present in the analog signal
 >> being sampled.  If this is done, the samples contain all the
 >> information in the signal, and faithful reconstruction is
 >> possible.
 > Actualy the sampling theorem states that if you want to
 > reproduce a signal reliably it must be sampled at a
 > frequency AT LEAST TWICE that of the highest frequency of
 > interest in the FFT of the signal. This means the signal
 > must be deformable into sine waves, not all signals qualify
 > for this particular limitation and in general are not good
 > signals for sampling.
You want a continuous Fourier transform, not a discrete one, to
determine the frequency spectrum of the waveform being sampled.
The FFT is simply an algorithm for computing the DFT without
redundant computation.  In general, any Lebesgue integrable
complex function will have a Fourier transform, even one with a
finite number of discontinuities. The reverse transform will
faithfully reproduce the function, modulo the usual caveats about
function spaces and sets of measure zero.
There is no meaningful difference between speaking of the highest
frequency in a signal, and the highest frequency present in its
Fourier transform.
 > An example is a step change from v1 to v2. since there is
 > no change in voltage except for a brief moment the output
 > of the FFT is pretty much flat.
The Fourier transforms of step functions, square wave functions,
delta functions, and other oddities are perfectly well defined.
Again, the FFT is not relevant here.  A step function does not
have a upper cutoff in the frequency domain, so you can never
reproduce it perfectly from its samples, although the faster you
sample, the sharper the edges of the reconstruction will become.
 > What comes out the other end looks like a spike (similar to
 > what happens when you feed a square wave to a transformer
 > and look at the output). If you reconstruct this via the
 > sampling theorem you get a sign wave of extremely low
 > amplitude and frequency.
I don't think so.
[Incomprehensible Deletia]
 > Back to the comb. Where a given signal has a componant leave
 > the teeth. Where there is no componant break them off. You
 > are left with a ratty looking comb. Now to each of the
 > remaining teeth assign an amplitude for that specific
 > frequency that is consistent with the FFT you calculated.
 > The way this FFT is implimented in practice is called a
 > 'Comb Filter' where it samples the signal (wide bandwidth)
 > over a set of very small bandwidth filters in parallel.
I must have been absent on "tooth day" in Functional Analysis
 > One of the basic ideas of Algebra is that any given curve
 > can be explained by a arbitrary set of equations. The
 > Sampling Theorem just gives you a rationale for picking from
 > that set.
AIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  (I feel much better now :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-26 14:26:13
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: www.anonymizer.com 
I had occasion to try  recently, and noticed
that it does not make SSL connections to other Web servers, nor
does it seem to accept them from the user.
Is there some technical reason for this?  If I wish to grep the
Web without my browsing habits becoming known to someone
monitoring my Net connection,  with 128
bit encryption would probably be a good thing to connect to.
I realize that the anonymizer does perform its stated function
quite nicely, namely that of preventing Web sites from collecting
information on people who visit them.  It just seems that this
additional functionality would be useful and not particularly
difficult to implement.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-26 15:18:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Produce 7 Hertz Frequency 
I'm not sure what this gentleman's application is.  If I wanted
a 7 hz signal, I would take my handy dandy programmable digital
signal generator, press the "sin" button, and punch in "7" on the numeric keypad.
Am I missing something here?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-26 19:34:35
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: IP: NSA RESPONSE TO KEY LENGTH REPORT 
> Finally, the NSA report offers estimates of the time
 > required to perform exhaustive search using a Cray model T3D
 > supercomputer.  This is a curious choice, for as our report
 > notes, general-purpose supercomputers of this type make poor
 > (and uneconomical) key search engines.
A tiny nit to pick here.  The Cray T3D and T3E computers are
massively parallel machines consisting of DEC Alpha chips hooked
up in a 3D Torus configuration.  They would probably make pretty
decent key search engines, as opposed to the general purpose
vector supercomputers Cray is better known for.
 > Table 3 are out estimates based on our experience with a
 > Cray T3D supercomputer with 1024 nodes.  This machine costs
 > $30 million.
 > [Tables 1, 2, and 3 not transcribed here.]
You left out the most interesting part!
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-27 05:24:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Anonymous Web Services Inc. 
Isn't that Arjen Lenstra's humor page?       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-27 06:40:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: IP: NSA RESPONSE TO KEY LENGTH REPORT 
Perry comments:
My point was that the T3D is not a "general-purpose supercomputer."
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-28 02:26:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Overwelmed with Stupidity... 
> Ok, ok... Let me say something, but I don't want anyone to
 > take this wrong. I'm not trying to be stupid, but I don't
 > have half the knowledge you all seem to posses.
That's ok.  Welcome to the list.
 > For instance what the heck is a TRS-80, DES, or even GAK? I
 > probabl;y know or have heard but, I'm not picking up on the
 > three letter words. So, if you could help meout maybe I just
 > might be able to start contributing activly to this mailer!
TRS stands for "Technical Report Series." These are put out
periodically by the computer science departments of major
universities.  TRS-80 is a monograph titled - "The Sternlight
Effect: The Application of Nonlinear Matched Filters to the
Reduction of Additive Gaussian Noise in Usenet Articles."
DES stands for "Diethylstilbestrol", a synthetic estrogen given
to women at high risk for miscarriage in the 1950's.  Its use was
discontinued when the daughters of those who took it were
discovered to have a high incidence of vaginal and cervical
adenocarcinomas.  Male offspring suffered no life-threatening
health problems from prenatal DES exposure, but were often
afflicted with TWS. (Teeny Weeny Syndrome)
And finally, GAK is the name for the green slime frequently seen
to cover people on Nickelodeon, the childrens' cable channel.  It
is prepared from a variety of non-toxic ingredients in the
Nickelodeon kitchens, and supposedly is safe to ingest, should
one feel motivated to do so.
Now that you know the secret Three Letter Abbreviations, you are
an official Cypherpunk.  Congratulations.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-28 04:06:30
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Overwelmed with Stupidity... 
> then proceeds to pull Mike's leg by telling him TRS-80 is a
 > technical paper by David Sternlight, DES is a synthetic
 > estrogen that shrinks your dick, and GAK is green slime on a
 > kiddie show.
Well, I will admit the first one was satire, but the last two
were perfectly accurate.  For the humor impaired, this is an
example of AOL.  (That's Acronym OverLoad, not to be confused
with the popular online service.)
You see, Gregory, there are far more things in the universe than
there are three letter abbreviations for them.  Hence, as the
number of acronyms increases, collisions are inevitable. Asking
"What is GAK?" or "What is ATM?" is really not well-defined
outside of a narrow discipline.
 > Really mature, really nurturing of the serious values and
 > issues this list exists to disseminate.
 > I, too, am a relative newcomer to this list, ...
As is evident.
 > Shaun, TRS-80 is an early line of microcomputers produced
 > by Radio Shack,
"TRS" is also an excellent line of precision torque sensors,
should you be in the market for one.
 > I believe in the values this list was founded to
 > promulgate, and I value it for the open political, technical
 > and philosopical discussions of issues crucial to our time.
 > And, yes, it's great to have fun, too, but does it always
 > have to be mean-spirited fun at someone else's expense?
Har!  If you want "mean-spirited fun", drop into rec.pets.cats
sometimes.  Methinks you live a sheltered life.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-28 10:28:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Overwhelmed With Stupid Questions 
Mark M. Writes:
 > It's quite obvious from the context of the post what the original  > poster was asking.  You're just being a smart-ass.  Your nonsense  > post is the kind of thing that most 5th graders would find immature.
 > Grow up.
Every once in a while, this list receives a burst of inquiries
  A.  Are clearly explained in a number of widely available FAQs
      which one would hope people interested in cryptography would
      have bothered to read.
  B.  Request information which reasonable persons might better       obtain by using, or learning to use, various commonly
      available Net grepping tools.
If the Nth such inquiry in a given week is not always responded to
with complete and utter seriousness, that is something you and
others of your ilk will just have to deal with. This is Cypherpunks.  It is not "Unix hacking hints", "Introduction to
Cryptography", nor "Fun With Batteries and Wire."
Everyone with an interest in the topics covered by this list is welcome here, but let's keep the "What is DES?" questions out of
the feed from the list server. This is, of course, merely the opinion of one person, and may be
agreed with or ignored as others see fit.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-28 13:48:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Twenty Beautiful Women 
> Also, I would appreciate if someone specified what exactly
 > the goal function is.
Me too.
This is an interesting problem, vaguely reminescent of the pie
judging contests commonly used as examples of non-parametric
statistics.  Given two pies, (or two women), a judge can
subjectively order them by tastiness, (or beauty), but there is
no concept of an continuous metric in which the ratings of
particular items are embedded.
This makes it somewhat difficult (at least for me) to determine
the function being maximized in this problem.  Do we mean a
strategy which gives the highest probability of choosing the most
beautiful woman over all possible orderings? If not, then we need
some way of saying whether we value N dates with the woman having
rank I over M dates with the woman having rank J, which requires
information the problem does not give us.  The first case is
ambiguous, since there are numerous strategies which differ only
in the probability of selecting items having other than the
highest rank, and the second implies the existence of some sort
of metric.
Indeed, what a person would regard as an strategy maximizing the
chances of choosing the "best" item overall depends very much
upon the choice of such a metric.  If we have 20 women whose
attractiveness is evenly spaced, one might proceed quite
differently than if the top 18 were attractive and almost
indistinguishable, and the other two had a contagious and fatal
If we make the leap of assigning the integers 1 to 20 to the
individuals, and seek a strategy which maximizes the mean
attractiveness over all possible orderings, then the problem can
be solved by backtracking from the last choice made.  This
results in a variable threshold at each stage in which we select
the current candidate if its rank in the items seen so far
exceeds the threshold, and proceed if this is not the case.
If we want a single partition point at which we choose the first
item better than any item before the partition point, then 1/e
seems believable, although I haven't personally worked out the
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-28 19:52:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Twenty Beautiful Women 
> You're both reading far too much into this problem. David
 > S. specified "beauty," the personal judgment of the chooser.
 > No deep philosophical meaning.
Which means that given two candidates, we can order them with
regard to beauty.  No other information is implied.
 > Perhaps an equivalent formulation will make this clearer:
 > One is passing through a town with 20 gas stations, with
 > gas at various prices. The stipulation is that one cannot
 > turn around. Once a gas station has been passed, there's no
 > turning back. So, what is the best strategy for finding the
 > lowest gas price (or shortest lines, or cleanest
 > appearance, or brightest sign, or whatever one wants to
 > analyze). Or even by the most beautiful girl standing in
 > front, to return us to the original statement.
 > So, you see, the problem is well-defined, with an elegant
 > solution.
Ahem.  I think the sticking point here lies in the translation of
the phase "lowest gas price" into the appropriate function to be
Suppose we have 20 gas stations with prices p[1] through p[20]
which we have an equal chance of encountering in any of the 20!
possible orders while driving through town.  We have a
deterministic strategy for picking a station to buy gas at which
tells us whether or not to buy at the current station as a
function only of the rankings of the prices of gas at stations so
far encountered, including the current one.
This strategy maps every one of the 20! permutations of the gas
stations into one of the 20 prices, namely the price at which we
purchase gas by applying the specified strategy when stations are
encountered in the given order.
Finding the "best" strategy implies that we have some function
whose domain is the set of such strategies, and whose output is a
real number, such that the "best strategy" is one for which this
number is minimized.  Calling this function the "lowest gas
price" is somewhat misleading, since there are a variety of
different notions of "average" we may use to condense the 20! gas
prices a given strategy generates into a single number.
If we were concerned about our wallets, we would probably want
the strategy such that the arithmetic mean of gas prices was
minimized over all orderings of stations, but this is a
parametric notion, and requires that we know specific numeric
values of prices, and not simply whether one price is bigger than
Non-parametrically speaking, the only obvious way of ordering
strategies is lexographically, where a strategy which yields more
occurrences of the lowest ranked price is better than one which
yields less, and if two strategies are equal in their yields of
the N lowest ranked prices, we then compare them on the price
ranked N+1.
This is a function only of the relative rankings, but may not
necessarily choose the strategy which on average results in the
expenditure of the least amount of money.
So while the solution may be elegant, I would argue that the
problem, as given, is far from "well-defined", unless some
explicit metric which admits arithmetic means is introduced.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-28 20:07:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Twenty Beautiful Women 
Stated this way, I suppose strategy A is better than strategy B if after
an arbitrarily large number of trials, N(A>B) > N(B>A).
It is still unclear that such a notion translates smoothly into notions
like "lowest gas price", where buying once at a station that is half
the price beats buying a dozen times at a station that is only one cent less.  It does translate perfectly well into the original problem of picking
subjectively beautiful women, however, which is also non-parametric in
a similar way.  It would be nice to see a short proof that for the
optimal solution, the threshold is the max of the first 1/e elements, and is not a function of how many steps have been taken.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-31 06:56:01
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: VISA Travel Money 
Happened to browse the VISA Web site last evening to read about
the new microprocessor-based VISA Cash Cards that are being
accepted in lieu of small change at the Olympics in Atlanta.
While there, I noticed a new product that VISA is about to
introduce.  Called "VISA Travel Money", it is a pre-paid card
with a user-selected PIN which one can simply purchase at a
participating financial institution, just like Travelers Checks.
One can then use it at any of the 250,000 ATMs in 89 countries
until the amount one paid for it has been extracted, after which,
one presumedly tosses it.
Since the card is pre-paid, and does not involve the extension of
credit, I would think that a "nym" would have no difficulty in
purchasing one.  Seems like a convenient way to keep moderate
amounts of cash in a form which cannot be easily stolen, nor
perused by the Feds.
I wonder if an SSN is required at the time of purchase?
In any case,  and a few clicks will get you
all the available information.
VISA Travel Money: No Horseman should leave home without it! :)

@_date: 1996-07-31 09:28:25
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: VISA Travel Money 
I think it will be a popular product.  Sort of the credit card
equivalent of the disposable phone card.  Since the transactions all involve the extraction of money, there
is really no record of your purchases.  The linking together of a number of cash wishdrawals is not that big a deal, although they
could be used to track your movements if you did them in more than
one specific location.
There is also the problem of being photographed every time you use
an ATM, if you do not wish your identity known. Still, for people who are not on the FBI's most wanted list, who
plan to completely exhaust the card in a single location, and who
dislike signing a huge bunch of Traveler's Checks at one time to buy something, it sounds like something that might be handy to have.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-31 10:07:11
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
> ... I've unsubscribed ...
Door.  Ass.  Bump.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-31 10:40:53
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
Perhaps, but I can think of a lot of examples.  Laws that make it illegal
to ask for money.  Laws that say you can't sit on the sidewalk.  Laws
that make it illegal to feed soup to people without a stack of permits
six feet high.  Laws that make it illegal to perform an excretory function
outdoors in a city with almost zero public toilets.  (You should have
gone before you became homeless. :)
Certainly, it would be naive to think that such laws are passed without
being targeted at particular populations of individuals, especially during a period when "compassion fatigue" is on the rise.  Here in Seattle, we have an city attorney who specializes in creating
ordinances to annoy and harrass the underclass, often paving new roads
over former civil liberties in the process.
I'm not sure starving Cubans have anything to do with it.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-31 15:10:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: VISA Travel Money 
No.  Unlike the VISA Cash Card, which has a chip in it and holds
value, this card is simply associated with an account containing the money, which is accessed in the normal manner using ATMs and
VISA's PLUS network.  You can even have multiple cards issued on same account, if you choose to do so, and you get the standard set
of cardmember services, such as lost card replacement, that you
get with a regular credit card. Which is precisely what this card is.  A disposable debit card sold through participating financial institutions. That isn't to say hackers might not have some fun with the system, but the card by itself is not vulnerable to such an
attack.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-07-31 15:53:54
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: You know it's getting late when... (fwd) 
> And historically the lack of canine eradication programs has been  > a major way to control the "homeless problem," so the State is  > making the homeless problem worse by removing natural pest control  > mechanisms.
Reminds me of the person who characterized the rise of the Radical Religious Right to power as due to "a shortage of lions."       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-08-01 14:49:33
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Jewell is the Militia Bomber!!!! 
This is almost as amusing as the evidence cited by the Feds in the roundup
of militia members a couple of days ago. They told us in perfect seriousness that one of them had fired tennis balls out of a metal tube filled with hair
spray, and that another had filed for bankruptcy. Obvious warning signs. :)
Of course bail was denied to protect the community.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-06-03 06:43:27
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Insider Trading and Inside Information 
> And, how can someone who acts on overheard information--as
 > in the elevator example Sandy cited--be charged with any
 > crime? Unless they are "insiders," covered by SEC rules
 > about trading, they are free to act on essentially anything
 > they hear. "He who hesitates to act on inside information is
 > lost."
 > (To elaborate on this: I was never classified as an
 > "insider" during my time at Intel, and I certainly bought
 > and sold the stock based on what products and news I knew
 > was coming out or what rumors I'd heard. Only a select group
 > of executives and staff in the specific departments
 > generating earnings announcements, auditing, etc., were
 > covered. And senior executives are covered by various rules
 > about trading stocks. And family members and friends may be
 > covered, if they learn of "inside" (in the SEC sense)
 > information.
The SEC, in cooperation with the courts, has been gradually
shifting the definitions of "insider" and "inside information" to
more all-encompassing ones.
It used to be that an insider was an officer of the company, or
someone with a fiduciary relationship to the firm, such as a
auditor or investment banker with which the firm did business.
Inside information was also similarly limited to a narrow
collection of material subject to regulatory restrictions on its
Nowdays "inside information" has been expanded to include
anything that the general public is not privy to, and "insiders"
can be almost anyone as well.
Indeed, the current definitions can subject to criminal sanctions
low level employees trading their company's stock on the basis of
rumors, or newspaper columnists trading in anticipation of
reaction to their published speculations.  It's not even safe to
trade on what formerly would have been known as "hot tips" any
more, unless the average person in the street had a mechanism to
access the information.
The legal theory behind all this is that anyone, no matter who
they are, trading on any publicly unavailable information, no
matter what it is, might be perceived as profiting at the expense
of the zillions of ordinary investors, whose continued playing of
the Stock Lottery^H^H^H^H^H^H^H Market the govermment and big
business definitely want to encourage.  Not to mention the huge
public support for the prosecution of anyone who the public
thinks has "gotten away with something" that Joe Six-Pack didn't
have the opportunity to do, and made a few bucks in the process.
If this trend continues, I won't even be able to take an Intel
janitor to lunch, and trade the stock based on his impression
that Andy Grove looked particularly happy while having his office
cleaned, without risking an "insider trading violation" should
the stock go up.
A new and interesting manifestation of the "Surveilance State."
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-06-06 12:21:21
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: On the Hill: Child Porn "Morphing" 
> I'd like to see exactly how they word the proposed
 > prohibitons.  What constitutes "child" when the face painted
 > on is pure artistry?  Will we see a simple and strict
 > prohibition over modifiying sexually explicit pictures to
 > make them appear to be of younger models (whatever their
 > apparent age may be)?  Will we see a subjective test as to
 > what is "child looking" enough?
 > Silliness.  All silliness.
Indeed.  One should note that some states already have
legislation which contains the magic phrase "appears to be" in
the specification of legal ages.  The testimony of a willing
pediatrician is all that is necessary to convert some random
fuzzy GIF into a lengthy prison term.
Morphing technology is a new approach to creating what appear to
be sexual depictions of children, but there have also been
prosecutions based on more traditional technology, like sissors
and paste.
Personally, I don't think it should be possible to commit a
crime in the privacy of ones home using only sissors, Scotch
Tape, an old Playboy, and a JC Penny Catalog.
Those familiar with "The Varieties of Religious Experience" will
recall something called "The Pious Imagination", which results in
every vaguely anthropomorphic smudge being seen as the face of
Christ.  I suspect the Child Sex Hysterics are afflicted with a
similar trait, which similarly transforms image ambiguity into
pre-teen orgies.
 > Prediction: Some manner of law will be on the books (Or
 > perhaps passed, but unsigned) before the election
 > attempting to prohibit some form of this activity. Certainly
 > Clinton is not going to veto such a bill before the
 > election, which is doubtlessly when the right is going to
 > try to push it through.  (Can they streamline it enough to
 > get a vote in time?)
Wasn't Orin Hatch the big proponent of "synthetic child porn"
legislation?  I remember him harping on the subject a while back.
Is he behind this new push?

@_date: 1996-06-09 11:06:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Clam Wars 
LD editorializes:
 > I haven't been paying a lot of attention to the Church of
 > $cientology wars until recently. Here's an executive
 > summary for those who don't give a damn.
Uh huh.
 > 1. There's a gang of flamers (David Gerard, Jon Noring, Ron
 > Newman, Rob J. Nauta, and the like) who try to stop
 > $cientologists from discussing their religion on the Usenet
 > newsgroup alt.religion.scientology. Most of them are
 > disgruntled former cult members and/or members of other
 > similar cults.
Actually, from my infrequent and cursory reading of a.r.s, it is
my impression that the antis are discussing their own views of
Scientology, not trying to prevent anyone else from discussing
theirs.  I would think all opinions related to Scientology would
be on-topic for a.r.s., both positive and negative.
 > 2. The anti-scientologists have caused many cypherpunks
 > anonymous remailers to shut down via their egotistical
 > misuse of them, viz. criminally posting copyrighted Co$
 > writings to Usenet. They did it knowing that the Co$ is
 > likely to harrass the remailer operators, causing them to
 > shut down and depriving everyone of their services.
Well, perhaps.  It certainly isn't very nice to post copyrighted
works via anon remailers.  At least not more than constitutes
"fair use" for the purpose of critical review (or hilarious
laughter, as the case may be).
 > 3. These harrassers are Usenet Cabal supporters, and they
 > are sometimes joined by initerant cabal enforcers such as
 > Peter Vorobieff, who visit a.r.s to lend a helping hand and
 > to flame Co$.
Nothing wrong here.  Flames are the thread from which the fabric
of Usenet is woven.
 > 4. Recently the anti-scientologists have asked me for a
 > copy of my cancelbot, and have been using it to forge
 > cancels for scientologist posts on a.r.s.
It should be noted that said Scientologist posts consist of
thousands of distinct little snippets from the Scientologist
Handbook and other similar tracts, posted as separate articles
from multiple accounts simultaneously.  This is clearly an
attempt to flood everything else off servers while staying clear
of the current definitions of Spam and Velveeta.
While Usenet tends to frown on content-based cancels, I find it
difficult to understand why the cancellation of thousands of
gratuitous posts duplicated amongst a large number of accounts
should be considered "content-based." Does participation in
a.r.s. ever legitimately require this level of posting?  It
shouldn't be too difficult to find non-content-based criteria for
cancelling this crap.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-06-12 08:25:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Slander of Catholic Church 
If people want to believe in a religion which combines the best features of anthropomorphic sky-God worship with a UFO contactee cult, that is their
Constitutional right, giggling from the audience notwithstanding. I believe it was Thomas Jefferson who said that the voluminous amount of
theological writings by Christian scholars existed only because "nonsense
can never be explained."  I tend to concur.
Most religious doctrine is just a lot of energized enthusiasm.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-06-15 10:26:54
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: RSAREF down? 
How inconvenient.  I guess people will have to get the software from
one of the many overseas mirror sites. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:36:53
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Level30 Newsletter (fwd) 
[Right wing pressure group censorship crap deleted]
Does this document strike anyone else as remarkably similar to the propaganda put out by another pressure group, the National Coalition
Against Pornography, which was heavily funded by the millions
Charles Keating stole from his investors?
Have the bozos regrouped, changed their name, and gone online?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-06-30 14:51:33
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Cookies anyone? 
A Nym Writes:
HTTP servers are permitted to store up to 4k bytes of information of their
choice on your machine, which is returned to them upon request the next
time you access their system.
This allows the servers to maintain a client state which persists across separate accesses.  Nothing will happen if you delete the file, other than that servers
will not remember information they stored on the client side during
your previous visits.  If you edit the file, which is binary, you may
possibly mess it up and choke the software that uses it. There are some minor privacy implications for "Cookies", but they have been discussed on the list before.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-23 06:08:08
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: executable e-$ code for DOS 
> I would like to toy around with a e-cash program.  I got
 > Magic Money but it is only sources and I have no compiler.
 > Is there a location I where I can get the executables for
 > DOS?
 > I want to do nothing serious with it, so the security
 > aspect of pre-compiled code does not bother me too much.
I compiled Magic Money and ran a bank through my Netcom account
when the software first came out.  The coins were called "Tacky
Tokens" and had no monetary value.
The compiled DOS binaries for the client and server are still
sitting in my FTP dir if anyone wants to grab them.  Please don't
expect me to process any new transactions for "Tacky Tokens", but
feel free to grab the software and play with it all you want.
       ftp:/ftp.netcom.com/pub/mp/mpd/mgmnyexe.zip
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-28 18:39:28
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: What backs up digital money? 
>> Question. If e-cash were backed by gold would that make it
 >> more reliable than say the dollar?
Not necessarily.  Historically, gold emerged as the primary
currency metal because it could be processed using simple
technology, didn't wear out, and the world supply from mining it
increased at approximately 2% per year, which was a good match to
the growth rate of most economies.
The current price of gold could hardly be supported by legitimate
industrial uses of the metal, and banks in Europe have tons of
the stuff in their vaults freed up from the mass departure of the
world's currencies from the gold standard a number of years ago.
Basically, one can create monetary value for any commodity whose
supply can be controlled, usually by the folks wishing to lend it
value, by simply making a stable market in it, and having the
reputation and power to control that market in perpetuity.
The best example of this is probably the diamond market.  Here we
have a rare but intrinsically worthless material, the gem quality
diamond, which has no useful industrial applications at all,
since non-gem quality diamonds and substitutes, both synthetic
and natural, are in abundance.
Gem quality diamonds are extremely valuable, because their supply
is carefully controlled, and because of clever marketing designed
to convince every male human in North America and most of Europe
that shelling out two months salary for one is the unique and
true symbol of everlasting love.
The diamond industry has even made plans for the holographic
fingerprinting of every diamond they release, should synthetic
gem-quality diamonds ever hit the market, so that they may
continue their control of the supply of their "currency", even in
the face of a flood of absolutely identical "unsanctioned" gems.
I recall a very clever Science Fiction story I read a number of
years ago in which aliens completely destroyed human civilization
by manufacturing all the world's goods and services, and
accepting payment only in cowpies, which were subject to an
arbitrary and complicated grading system similar to that used by
modern gemologists.  One day, the aliens simply left, and human
civilization, consisting mostly by then of PhD Cowflopologists
with expertise only in interpreting swirls on lumps of shit,
promptly folded.
Before I digress to far from your original question, let me state
the point I am trying to make here.  If a entity, or group of
entities, with reputation and power to make a market, decide to
demoninate a currency using a rare commodity, it makes little
difference whether the rare commodity is near-perfect crystals of
carbon found only on land that they own, a vault filled with gold
bars, exponentiated random numbers modulo the product of two
large but closely guarded primes, or statistically unlikely
swirls in wads of digested plant material dropping from the butt
of a cow.
In all these cases, the important thing is not the commodity, but
the entities guaranteeing the market, and the perception of their
reputation and ability to support said currency in perpetuity.
Absolute control over the supply of the commodity in question
doesn't hurt either.
Indeed, US government backed e-cash would be a far more trusted
and reliable currency than gold backed currency printed by
DigiCash BV.
One good inflation-resistant indicator of whether gold is a good
value is the ratio between gold and silver prices.  Both of these
metals are mined with similar difficulty, and have similar uses
for backing currency and as coinage metals.  Historically, there
have been times when gold and silver prices were approximately
I have no doubt that if the unwashed masses were sold the notion
that gold was the single reliable inflation-proof form of wealth
they could own, and the holdings of international bankers were
sold into the hands of millions of individual citizens, a
controlled devaluation would follow, together with much chortling
and uncorking of champagne, as gold and silver prices became
nearly equal again.
As long as people who count have vaults full of the stuff, and
wish to carry it on their books as an expensive asset, it will of
course continue to have its current inflated value, and nothing
will be done to depress the market.  In that sense gold is a
reliable asset, as long as most of the little people refrain from
jumping on the bandwagon.
 > No form of digital money extant is an actual currency in
 > the conventional sense. Nor does this seem likely. Nor
 > necessary. Nor useful. Nor important.
Actual currency can circulate forever in the economy without
eventual conversion into some other kind of money.  The
requirements of current digital cash systems for centralized
clearing to eliminate double spending and to mint new coins tends
to preclude the kinds of perpetual peer-to-peer transactions we
think of when we conceptualize "currency."
Real electronic currency could be invented, but would have to
live its life within a population of tamper-proof smart cards
communicating with each other through secure protocols.  Whether
anyone will bother to implement such a system remains to be seen.
Until then, the "check" model of digital money is, as Tim points
out, the correct one.
 > The point being that talking about "what backs up digital
 > cash?" is misleading. (What really backs it up is the
 > reputation of the entities, but I digress.)
"The reputation of the entities" is the only important
consideration regardless of what the cash is denominated in. In
most cases, the valued commodities, if they exist, are simply
pretty window-dressing for some unseen but powerful syndicate.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-28 19:26:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: WSJ on Big Java Flaw 
> The generalized halting problem comes to mind...
While it can be demonstrated that no algorithm exists to
determine whether an arbitrary Turing machine will halt, good
programs generally belong to a class somewhat less expansive than
the totality of possible Turing machines.  By imposing perfectly
reasonable constraints on program structure, it is trivial to
guarantee program termination with almost no loss in the
functionality of the typical programming language.
Indeed, any computer program which executes only forward
branches, and in which the iteration counts of all loops are
known at the time they are entered, is guaranteed to terminate.
Many people would even consider such things to be good
programming practice.
In general, the types of computer program characteristics which
make determination of halting impossible are precisely the
characteristics one does not want in trusted code, because they
make understanding the code and debugging the code intractable.
 > Since it can be proved that there's no complete set of
 > heuristics to tell if a given program has a characteristic
 > (such as "secureness") then sooner or later someone will
 > discover another security flaw.
Again, a statement which applies to Turing machines, but not to
Java.  Java has been carefully restricted to ensure that a
complete analysis of proper program behavior is possible with a
combination of runtime checks and pre-execution scanning of
imported bytecode files.  This was designed into Java from the
While the abstract Java machine is provably secure, real world
implementations may suffer from the usual plethora of ills, such
as creeping damage from overflowed buffers on the stack.  This in
no way implies any faults with Java itself, and such bugs in Java
implementations will be corrected in the usual way with the
passage of time.
 > A question is whether a simple patch is made or if the set
 > of heuristics is widened (ie, learn from mistakes) so that
 > similar flaws can be found based on knowledge of that one
 > flaw.
Again, there are no known security flaws in the abstract Java
machine.  Once all bugs and oversights in existing Java
interpreters are corrected, all Java programs will be rendered
incapable of causing damage to the platforms they are run on,
unless explicitly permitted to do so by an authorized person.
Some patience while the Java support in packages like Netscape
Navigator undergoes the normal process of evolution is to be
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-29 23:20:11
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
>> I've been looking for a file on how to make PPV
 >> descramblers and havn't found any. Commercial descramblers
 >> cost around $200 base price. If anyone has a file on how to
 >> make them please e-mail me one.  Thanks.
 > This is cypherpunks. Not Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks.
ObCrypto: Scrambling TV signals sometimes makes use of
encryption, so perhaps a brief discussion of how this is done
could be tolerated.
If you are talking about recovering signals from completely
encrypted digital MPEG-2 streams, such as those used by the DBS
folks, you are probably out of luck.  The relevant processing in
the decoder exists on a small card which has so far resisted
attempts at reverse engineering.
As far as analog signals are concerned, the "scrambling" of the
video only involves the clipping of the horizontal sync pulses.
This causes the picture to tear and the color burst to be missed.
So you get a funny torn picture with odd colors in place of the
original.  Sometimes, the set will momentarily lock on to
something in the picture in place of the missing sync and you
will get a reasonable picture for a few moments.  Kids often
watch porn channels for hours waiting for such an effect to
The usual way of transmitting the missing sync information is to
place an appropriately tuned 15,750 hz subcarrier on the sound
channel.  If you pick this up, and use it to add pulses back onto
the video, you will again get a signal your set will correctly
There are a variety of techniques for scrambling audio.  The most
expensive is to DES encrypt the sound and place it in the
horizontal blanking interval.  The regular sound channel can then
be used for advertising.  This requires a bit of processing at
both ends, and is generally used for satellite to ground
transmission of cable signals.  The other common method is to
modulate the sound on a subcarrier, usually the one transmitted
in phase with the missing sync.
In most cable systems using addressable decoders, nothing is done
to the sound at all, and the box simply mutes the set if its
address is not in the list of authorized users for that channel.
Persons viewing a PPV without a cable box will get a scrambled
picture, but perfectly normal sound.  This is commonly referred
to by people who listen to PPV events without paying as watching
in "scramblevision."
A hostile attack on such a system can be mounted in a number of
ways.  One can simply mung the set top box to restore sync on all
channels unconditionally, either by replacing a single chip with
a black market substitute, or by doing some surgery on the
electronics.  Once can also construct a number of simple circuits
which will yank the subcarrier off the sound channel, and use it
to trigger a pulse generator which gets added to the video.  You
can even stick one of these in your TV set to render it truly
"cable ready."
Of course, once television transmission goes completely digital,
and strong encryption is used on both audio and video, the
opportunity for such simple attacks will vanish.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-30 16:06:58
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
> The DSS smart card has been reverse-engineered for at least
 > six months now and pirate devices are in the market. The
 > encryption used on those systems is good but it does not
 > stand up to a well financed attack.
This is indeed good news.  I haven't followed the satellite wars
for a while, and although I was aware that the earlier European
system had been broken, I didn't know that the one used by the
DSS folks had by now also met a similar fate.
This is interesting, since the technology to do unbreakable
encryption and authorization certainly exists.  Perhaps the DSS
folks should have brought in a few Cypherpunks as quality control
consultants. :)
 > Using DES to encrypt the audio on the fly is an old
 > technique and was used in the VideoCipher II system. Most of
 > the more recent systems use a PRNBSG EXORed with the digital
 > audio data stream.
Again, it's been a while since I looked at the industry, but I
was under the impression that the VideoCipher II was still used
by Satellite dish owners to receive CNN, HBO, SHO, TMC, and the
rest of the ordinary analog pay cable channels.
Has everyone now been forced to upgrade to something "new and
 > The problem of piracy will still exist on digital systems.
 > The DSS system is a completely digital system and it too is
 > hacked.
Digital systems eliminate the main drawback of analog ones for
using cryptography, namely that there is no way to strongly
encrypt the video and ship it out using the same modulation
technique which originally encoded it.
Once you have both audio and video streams in digital form,
having ones encryption "hacked" is more a function of
cluelessness on the part of those engineering the encryption and
authentication mechanism than some latent vulnerability on the
part of the technology.
I'm really surprised that DSS got hacked, given that the hacking
of the European digital system was well known while DSS was being
constructed.  Sounds like a very slow learning curve somewhere in
the engineering process.
 > Admittedly some of the elements of security in the DSS are
 > good, most can be rendered void by hackers. The problem for
 > DSS is that the smart card they used is not secure enough.
 > It was a Motorola 6805 type. What appears to be the pattern
 > with the hacks on more recent smart card systems is an
 > inversion of the original pattern on the simple analogue
 > systems. The original pattern was that some hobbyists would
 > figure out how to hack the system and then the hack would be
 > commercialised. With the smart card hacks - the pattern is
 > inverted so that it becomes a trickle down pattern. The
 > professional hackers reverse and emulate the smart card and
 > then the code is sometimes hacked from the emulator card and
 > then distributed among hobbyists.
In a well engineered smart card system for authorizing individual
viewers of a digital audio/video stream, each card contains a
unique serial number and a random cryptographic key stored during
the manufacturing process in a manner which cannot be obtained
even by destructive reverse engineering of a particular card.
The originating system then uses this information to embed
messages in the transmitted data stream permitting individual
cards to decrypt and recover the random and frequently changing
session key with which the channel bitstream has been strongly
If such a system has been properly implemented, all the
specifications for it should be able to be published without
compromising it.  Emulators for the software used in the cards
shouldn't be a problem as long as serial pairs for specific
cards are not disclosed.
 > The most dangerous thing in all this is that the smart
 > cards that have been hacked in Pay TV systems throughout
 > the world are also used in other applications. The expertise
 > and the knowledge of reversing smart cards is now more
 > common in the Pay TV piracy business. There is always the
 > possibility that these skills could be applied elsewhere.
Perhaps in the private sector, where snake oil abounds.  I
suspect military types do things a bit more cleverly than the
prior scenario implies.
BTW - what is the legal status of hacking DSS?  It's not like
cable, where you are tapping into a municipal service illegally.
You own the dish, the decoder, and the photons with which the
satellite is irradiating your back yard.  Can the government
really regulate how you choose to process photons found on your
own private property with equipment you own?
Have there been any test cases?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-30 18:31:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: PGP Crack??? 
> This just appeared in alt.security.pgp.  Is there anything
 > to it?  I'm dubious. Gee - Is it April 1st again?  Time to troll the newbies in all
my favorite newsgroups. On a more serious note, does anyone know what is happening with Arjen Lenstra and RSA-130?  Last I heard back in late December, FAFNER, the magic WWW sieving dragon, had collected more than enough relations from participants to yield a factorization.  Surely they have not spent an additional four months crunching the big boolean matrix at CWI.
This is an important experiment, since it will yield a robust
estimate of the time required to break 512 bit PGP keys using
the best available factoring software.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-31 13:56:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
> Not true at all, Mike. Consider the threat model.
 > You have a single satelite sending out a single encrypted
 > stream to millions of people.
That is correct.
 > Your goal is to let some people view the signal
 > and others not view the signal...
That is also correct.
 > ...in spite of the fact that some of the people viewing the
 > signal might be willing to leak information (such as the
 > keys!) to the people who aren't supposed to view it.
Certainly anyone authorized to view the program can "leak" that
program to other users.  Indeed, with the European system, people
have set up transmitters which simply run off a decoder that
subscribes to every program.  Not exactly subtle, but in
jurisdictions where such activity carries no significant legal
sanctions, an efficient approach to the problem.
Much like the case of sending an encrypted PGP message to
multiple recipients.  One or more of the legitimate recipients
can tell others what the message says.  Not a negative reflection
on the strength of PGP, and certainly not something I spend a lot
of time worrying about.
In the system I described, a person might make a lower bandwidth
attempt to defeat the system by leaking either the periodically
changing random session key used to encrypt the video stream, or
the unique cryptographic key belonging to a particular smart card
authorized to view the program.  We have postulated that the
latter is not recoverable even by destructive reverse engineering
of a specific card, and were such information to be compromised
upstream where the programming originates, it would only be
necessary to reissue new cards to the affected subscribers and
cancel the old ones.
Leakage of the periodically changing random session key directly
would require significant surgery to a working smart card,
although it might be recovered by tapping appropriate points in
the circuitry.  However, anyone using such information for
unauthorized reception would require a constant connection to a
provider to continually update the key, which would be awkward,
and not likely to be done by a large population of people in a
way which was inconspicuous to LEAs.
I can't imagine that a significant market for pirate equipment
could be built around any of the attacks described above. Indeed,
a significant market exists only for ersatz smartcards which a
person can purchase for a fixed price, stick in their decoder,
and then forget about.  The system I described would certainly
preclude such a device from being built.
I spent a bit of time on the Web last night reading up on the
various attacks which were mounted against DSS and the earlier
European VideoCrypt system.  The implementors put what they
though were a lot of cute features into the cards, including the
ability to reprogram them from upstream when software updates
were needed.  Unfortunately, rather than relying totally upon
strong cryptography within a tamperproof module, they also
employed easily forged checksums to validate commands sent to
the cards, and "security through obscurity" as to what those
commands were.
The ultimate result was that the cards were being updated with
new software almost constantly, and the hackers were issuing
updates to the pirate versions within hours each time this was
done.  Given the way the system had been implemented, there was
really no way prevent this from happening.
 > In other words, you are trying to do something that no
 > amount of technology can really do. At best, by using enough
 > tamperproof equipment you can stave off the inevitable for a
 > while.
If what you are trying to do is make sure no subscriber will
ever disclose, by any means, the contents of a program to a
non-subscriber, then of course you are right.  There is no
technology which can prevent this.
If, on the other hand, you wish to prevent clever engineers
from looking system with instrumentation, and then
trotting off and stamping out millions of their own smart
cards, which interoperate with the legitimate ones and
decode all programming transmitted, this is something that
can certainly be done by using strong cryptography correctly.
It is this latter goal which the VideoCrypt system, and now
apparently the DSS one as well, failed to accomplish.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:55:02
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
A few more hopefully short comments...
 > Why not? If the card knows its own key, then someone else
 > can probably get the key out by some nasty mechanism.
There is no physical difference between cards.  The key
information is stored in EEPROM, and the links which permit the
EEPROM to be written are burned after programming is complete.
The EEPROM data is then only accessible to intimately associated
circuitry in its vicinity.
Presumedly the state of the EEPROM cannot be deduced by any
external examination of the card, and any attempt to
incrementally abrade the card down to the relevent circuit
elements should completely obliterate the minute charge
differences which represent the data.
At least, that's the theory.  The Europeans trust this technology
well enough to let it represent real money, so presumedly they do
not consider hacking a possibility.
Perhaps our resident VLSI and Alpha Particle expert, Timothy C.
May, could give us a guess as to whether Perry's "Nasty
Mechanism" is more or less likely than Maxwell's "Daemon."
 > The big latent assumption here being that you have only
 > one-way communication with the subscribers. DSS has a modem.
 > It could get a new key from a distribution center frequently
 > - i.e. every day. Then the pirates would somehow have to
 > update their keys daily, in real time. Once we have live
 > packet communication (cable modems or ISDN D-channel, for
 > example) the keys can be changed minute by minute, if
 > necessary.
Assuming Perry is right and a smart card could have its innards
transplanted into a hostile environment, the scheme you describe
would offer no real protection.  The compromised card would
simply do the communication with the Key Distribution Center and
give all the information to the pirates.  A low-bandwidth link,
such as a web page, would be more than sufficient to communicate
the required bits to everyone else on the planet.
The security of a smart card based system has to lie in the "data
cannot be recovered even by destructive reverse engineering"
aspect of it.  If this is not a given, then cards can be exactly
cloned, and one clone can tell others what they need to know to
prevent the duplication from becoming known to the other side of
any transaction.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-01 09:08:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
> Or to people with access to scanning microscopy techniques
 > like STMs or AFMs. I suspect that there are lots of
 > techniques that can be successfully used. It used to be that
 > using them required the sort of facilities only available at
 > a large semiconductor manufacturer, but now I suspect that
 > it would be easy for a student at a major university, and
 > probably less easy, but still perfectly feasible, for a
 > person working at home with lots of sophisticated but fairly
 > available equipment like STMs.
We aren't talking about IC masks here.  We are talking about
electrostatic charges which would instantly leak away if the
insulation around them were in the least bit compromised.
Such data wouldn't even survive the preparation for scanning
microscopy, much less the actual inspection process.
 > They aren't immune to the laws of physics. If it can be put
 > together, it can be taken apart. I can even surmise HOW it
 > can be taken apart.
If you put something fragile inside a container which cannot be
breached without exposing the fragile thing to a destructive
environment, then the fragile thing is very unlikely to be
retrieved intact.  The specific parameters here will of course
vary with what technology is available, but I think live EEPROM
cells deep inside a multi-layer VLSI device are probably safe
from scrutiny for the lifetime of your average smart card.  Live
registers too, for that matter.
 > The Americans trust their money to the notion that no
 > counterfeiter can afford to pay a million or so for an
 > intaglio press. Do you think this is likely?
It is neither likely nor relevant.
 > In any case, I notice that the claim has changed. Before,
 > it was claimed, speciously, that modern cryptography could
 > solve this problem. Now it is claimed that the security of
 > the system depends entirely on keeping the user from
 > breaking in to a piece of equipment that they have physical
 > possession of. Pretty different story, eh?
The original scenario outlined how strong cryptography could be
used to authorize pay per view in a manner which was not
vulnerable to obvious hacking.  The successful use of strong
cryptography depends upon keeping certain key information secret,
and it was postulated as part of the scenario that this could be
done within a smart card.
An endless metaphysical quibble over whether God can create a
smart card he can't peek into does not serve to further
illuminate the cryptographic issues under discussion.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-01 09:35:26
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks (fwd) 
> You wouldn't even have to take it apart. Just subject it to
 > analysis using SQUID's. Using this technology you would not
 > even have to physicaly touch the card, let alone remove any
 > parts of it.
Excuse me, but April Fool's Day isn't until tomorrow. Besides, all
you have to do is run the card through a transporter, and then
dump the pattern buffer to a floppy. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-01 14:48:31
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: SQUID's 
> Apparently you are grossly unfamiliar with the
 > characteristics and capabilities of SQUID's. To help you
 > catch up...
Actually, I am quite familiar with Superconducting Quantum
Interference Devices and the one existing commercial application
of the technology, a magnetometer probe containing a liquid
nitrogen cooled SQUID chip at its tip.
[Biography of Mr. Squid deleted]
I will still laugh at suggestions that Mr. Squid can remotely
read the EEPROM in my smart card, however.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-04-01 15:28:15
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [NOISE] Nasty-Quibble-Punks 
> I was under the impression charges had associated fields
 > which could be detected without physically touching the
 > charged object. Silly me.
Uh huh.
 > Incidently, EEPROMs don't work by simply charging a
 > capacitor or something silly like that. No insulator is
 > perfect, no dielectric is perfect, and charge would
 > eventually leak away were that the case. However, if it
 > were, it would be fairly easy to determine the state of a
 > cell without having to get particularly close to it. Beyond
 > that, there is this insane notion you seem to have that a
 > charged object will lose its charge if the "insulator" is
 > "stripped off" -- I wasn't under the impression a vacuum,
 > for instance, was a particularly good charge carrier.
Uh huh.
 > I believe you are operating on some sort of weird faith
 > here rather than in reality. Reality is that even the
 > extraordinarily well built circuits on the Capstone and
 > similar chips that the NSA is trusting the Skipjack
 > algorithm to aren't believed to be uncompromisable -- I
 > believe the words were something to the effect of "it would
 > take the resources of a national laboratory to reverse
 > engineer" or some such.
Uh huh.
 > In any case, I don't care to debate this further. I am
 > coming to believe very strongly that you just don't know
 > what you are talking about.
High praise, considering the source.
Now I am certainly not going to waste any more time trying to
explain solid state physics, how EEPROMs are put together, that
the tamper-resistant packaging of Capstone is designed to thwart
the reverse engineering of an algorithm contained on the masks
used to make the chips, or impuning the supposed powers of
"national laboratories."
However, I will observe that whenever technology is put forth for
criticism on this list, there are always a few people who insist
upon maintaining that anything can be easily defeated.
"All you have to do is " they exclaim, where  may
be replaced by "Quantum Factoring", "SQUIDs", "Scanning Tunneling
Microscopy", "NP=P", "The EPR Effect", "Nanomachines", or some
other exotic notion which would be lucky if it had even achieved
a laboratory demonstration under carefully controlled conditions
much less a practical application to the problem in question.
Common to all such claims is a gross underappreciation of the
engineering difficulties involved, in this case those related to
reading logic states buried in a densely integrated digital
device without destroying them.  Something that isn't easy to do
even if the device has been designed specifically for the purpose
of permitting such observation in a laboratory environment.
Such distractions, unfortunately, are why good physics rarely
gets discussed in sci.physics, and why discussions on this list
about nuclear bomb design, tampering, and hacking frequently take
off in the crackpot direction.
The bad eventually drives out the good, and few of the competent
posters are going to continue to comment on a thread which has
degenerated into the "You don't know anything.  Mr. Squid can
read your smart card and your brain waves too" level of
Somewhere amongst all the noise here was the interesting
disclosure that DSS had been compromised, and the beginnings of a
good discussion about current "scrambling" protocols and their
vulnerabilities.  Let's see if we can recapture that discussion,
and let the rants about obscure technologies magickally defeating
all conceivable forms of tamper-resistant packaging drop.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-01 16:19:32
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [RANT] Mr. Scruffy versus Mr. Neat 
> One interesting phenomenon is the in-migration of neats
 > into formerly scruffy-only domains. For instance, take a
 > look at the third, fourth, and fifth international
 > conference proceedings on genetic algorithms. You've got
 > scruffies who are just doing what feels right and seeing if
 > it works (my viewpoint) and mathematicians/neats who are
 > trying to derive what _should_ work the best.
The scruffy/neat competition has been around for a long time in
the hard sciences as well.  Good examples are the competing
notions used by mathematicians and physicists for doing
differential geometry, calculus of variations, and field theory,
and the physicists who think physicists can do chemistry better
than chemists can.
Ultimately, there tends to be a merger of notations and
approaches. The big Misner, Wheeler, Thorne book on Gravitation,
for instance, presented everything both from the view of the
physicists, who like to write everything as algebraic equations
in terms of components of geometric objects with respect to a
basis, and the view of mathematicians, who like abstract maps
between abstract geometric objects, and terms like tangent
spaces, exterior products, and germs.
Usually the scruffies get great results using formal manipulation
that horifies the neats, and then the neats come in and do the
rigorous proofs that demonstrate that everything the scruffies
did was valid.
This was certainly the case in quantum mechanics as well, where
questionable formal manipulation got the right answers for many
years before a rigorous theory of unbounded linear
transformations on Hilbert spaces was developed.  Indeed,
physicists happily computed commutators and anti-commutators of
such operators blithely unaware of their domains and ranges long
before the equivalent definitions in terms of one parameter Lie
groups or projection valued measures were known.
While Java is currently a scruffy invention and has yet to
recieve the official blessing of the neats, there are a number of
things that speak in its favor.
First, object-oriented runtime structures such as those used by
Java have pretty much been researched to death in various other
venues, such as APL, APL2, Smalltalk, and the MIT Lisp Machine
project.  It is not likely that we will discover some previously
unknown mode of corruption in such systems, and defensively
coding interpreters for these kinds of languages and verifying
them to prove that they contain no errors which could result in
the violation of container boundaries is a well-developed art.
This doesn't mean that such systems are free of bugs, of course,
but it does mean that they are free of the type of really cute
bugs that allow users to trick the machine into executing
arbitrary machine instructions, or into making disingenuous
requests to the kernel.
Second, there is quite a bit of experience on the part of OS
designers in meeting various levels of MIL Specs for security,
and with the standard techniques, such as audit trails,
authentication, and ACLs, which are commonly employed to
implement the features required.
So although the neats have not yet given Java their blessing, it
is extremely unlikely we won't manage to create an environment
which can safely run untrusted Java code, and filter the
program's requests for system services in a way which will block
and log any attempts to do nasty things, both for the Applet
model, and for more general applications.
A prior poster suggested that in the absence of formal proofs of
correctness, flaws permitting the exploitation of covert channels
and other such things in a language such as Java were "a
certainty." I think the situation is more complicated than this
suggests, and while I probably wouldn't want an artificial heart
with Java software today, I think a lot of the worries will
resolve themselves as time passes, and the things we are
all discussing are implemented.

@_date: 1996-05-01 17:29:01
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Lolitas and Cyber Angels 
> Child pornographers encrypt their hard drives so that law
 > enforcement cannot gather crime evidence - that is certainly
 > a state of greater security for the pornographer, but it
 > does not improve our Community, and as child pornography
 > increases, the law is by definition broken more and more,
 > and so the Community becomes less free than before.
This is silly on several levels.  First, given that a finite
amount of resources are available to combat the sexual
exploitation of children, law enforcement should concentrate
their resources on the production of such material, and not on
the incidental evidence of its production long after the fact,
and in a context completely unrelated to any economic link back
to the original producers.
Someone who has an encrypted file on their hard drive from some
motheaten child porn magazine published 20 years ago is no more
guilty of the exploitation of the models portrayed than someone
who downloads the Simpson crime scene photos from
alt.binaries.pictures.tasteless is guilty of killing Nicole and
Ron.  If anything, such a picture is little more than historical
documentation of a bygone era and an expensive distraction for
police officers who might better spend their time. Indeed, if encryption inhibits the ability of the government to
create exceptions, based solely on irrational public hysteria, to
the First Ammendment right of citizens to communicate amongst
themselves on any subject, including via the use of visual
material, then encryption is serving a valuable purpose.
Now before anyone accuses me of advocating a thriving market in
child porn, let me say that I have no objection at all to laws
which set a minimum age for working as a performer in the sex
industry, and to enthusiastic prosecution of individuals who
violate those laws.
I just think the police should concentrate their resources on
real children experiencing real abuse, and leave their prurient
interest in the contents of libraries and other peoples computers
behind when they go to work.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-02 13:32:32
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Fwd: Cylink can export 128-bit DH?] 
> Most cryptographic experts recommend Triple DES, encrypting
 > the data 3 times with 3 different keys.
It's actually encrypted three times with two keys comprising
112 bits of keyspace, using a decrypt on one key sandwiched
between two encrypts using the other.  This prevents a "man
in the middle" attack, which would be possible if only two
DES encryptions were used, one for each key.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-02 18:13:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Joy of Java 
When the first IBM PC came out, I ran QNX on it, a Unix clone from a
company called "Quantum."  It did full pre-emptive multitasking, had a nice C compiler, and shared code between tasks, all on a little 8088
with two floppies and no hard drive and 768k of ram. We even had "talk", and I could chat with people who dialed the modem
I had hooked to my serial port, and they could log in and do work on my system at the same time I did.  When MS-DOS first appeared, the quantum people kindly provided DOS emulation for QNX and I could simply type "DOS", and read DOS disks and
run DOS programs.  Ultimately, however, as new and "improved" versions of DOS appeared, with
obtuse features, and almost every app using them, I finally bowed to the march of progress and installed DOS 3.1 on my system.
A giant leap backwards into the dark ages. QNX is still around, by the way, and I believe its primary market
is now embedded real-time systems, where its highly responsive and
optimized kernel can be exploited. Whenever I think of how nice QNX was, I recall Bill Gates' comment
about the true power in the software industry being not technical
excellence, but being big and strong enough to set industry-wide
standards and enforce them by fiat.
It's now over 10 years later, and DOS still can't multitask.  Obviously
there's no accounting for taste.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-02 20:08:25
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Fwd: Cylink can export 128-bit DH?] 
Yes, a silly mistake on my part, which shows I should proofread even
the little messages before posting them. :)
Gleeful readers are filling my mailbox hoping to be the first to point
out this unfortunate error. S/MIME aside, I was under the impression that the term "Triple-DES"
referred to the encrypt-decrypt-encrypt operation using two distinct keys, proposed by some for adoption as the successor to single DES. Has this usage now changed in favor of the three key version?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-20 12:45:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Why the Poor are Mostly Deserving of their Fate 
While "basic skills" come in useful, is the much touted high
school diploma really a competent measure of these?
The diplomas are handed out to pretty much anyone who sits
through 13 years of public schooling without complaining too
loudly, shooting a teacher, or blowing up the school.  Reading
and the ability to do simple math are not much of a requirement
The NEA would love to have a system where ones public school
experience follows one everywhere like an unofficial government
dossier, and employers are free to examine grades and the
opinions of teachers on ones good citizen-unit-ness, denying
employment to everyone who doesn't toe the line.
I think the privacy implications of a vicious education-based
class system, rather than a web of providers of educational
services, held accountable by demanding clients, are fairly
apparent to everyone.
Well, of course one gets a certain amount of economic power by
breeding and then sending the wife and the kiddies out to work in
the mines.  Not my cup of tea, however.
Oh come now.  There are plenty of toothless rural people who can
read and write, and even have families and jobs.  They don't have
much of anything else.
You have heard of the "working poor", haven't you?
Permit me to make a giant leap here and suggest that whether one
is poor pretty much depends upon the market which competes for
ones services.
The major problem (or feature, if you are an employer) of the
jobs market is that one is essentially competing with a large
number of other people to see who will take the least amount of
money to work themselves into an early grave.  No matter what the
value added by ones work to the product being produced, such a
market is essentially a bottomless pit, especially if others
doing the competing are hungry and desperate.
It's kind of like Harlan Ellison's description of the ultimate
television game show.  You bring out a small boy and a dog, and
the contestants vie amongst each other to see who will take the
least amount of money to shoot the dog in front of the boy.
The key to escaping poverty would therefore seem to be to compete
in a market based on the value of what one produces (i.e.
entrepreneurship, small business, consulting), or to compete in
a market where the others competing with one are all fat, happy,
and fairly affluent (i.e. very specialized technical skills).
The success of the Asian community in stressing small business
and higher education would seem to be an excellent example of
this model in action.
I'm not convinced one can escape poverty by simply being a high
school educated hard-working person who is eager to please.
Perhaps this was once the case, but I think the economy is a bit
too tightly stretched these days for such truisms to have any
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-22 16:49:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Twilight of the Remailers? 
> Between Hacktic going down, Hal's comments that he may shut
 > down his two sites, and this, plus others who are more
 > quietly making plans to shut down, I think the thread title
 > "The Remailer Crisis" is more apt than ever.
 > As to potential liability, it is very likely to be vastly
 > more than the examples Alex cites, of $1K or "even a $5k
 > personal loss." Lawyers don't get out of bed in the morning
 > for such insignificant sums.
Yet fully anonymous mailing has always been supported by the Post
Office.  You may put anything, or nothing, as the return address
on an item to be mailed, and drop it in the dead of night into
one of millions of conveniently provided bins located almost
All for the quite reasonable price of thirty-two cents.
It is interesting that the above model doesn't seem to survive
parallel translation across the manifold to the TCP/IP arena.
One reason for this is that there is no Postal Equivalent of
Usenet.  If anonymously mailed items magically appeared as
articles in tomorrow's paper, for instance, one might expect
significant heat to be generated, as well as calls for the
elimination of anonymous mailboxes, and the association of a
valid ID with each item mailed.
The other reason is that the network of anonymous Postal
mailboxes is so vast, and specific individuals are not associated
with particular mailboxes.  There is no way for someone like Hal
to have rhetorical responsibility, for instance, if the Unabomber
plops his latest exploding package into a particular box.
 > It's one reason I won't run a remailer that can ever be
 > traced back to me. (I also don't have a box on the Net and
 > don't really trust running remailers on machines someone
 > else has root to. And I'm not a Unix person. And....)
Of course, Unix people can send anonymous mail without the use of
remailers.  Spoof an Ident or an IP, stuff it in some kind
person's sendmail port, and "Voila!", the mail is on its way.
Perhaps we need a remailer that automates this process.  Current
remailers all identify the sender quite clearly with a message
such as the following...
"This message was mailed by an automatic posting service.  The
sender takes no responsibility for its contents, but if you want
to sue someone for an unspeakable amount of money, my name is
It is clear that this model for remailers fails miserably if any
significant amount of legal heat is applied.
Contrast this with a DC-Net of boxes which can covertly inject
packets into the Net, in some untracable manner.  Now we have no
identifiable "Hal" to be harrassed, and no one for the Clams to
aim their lawyers at.  Perhaps we could also do something with
Mobile Agents, which could carry an encrypted message and stuff
it into the Net from some random location.
We are certainly at the point where the notion of a "remailer" as
an identifiable source of traffic run by a specific individual is
about to bite the dust.
 > Ironically, "copyright violation" and "clam secrets" were
 > not even on the list of "the Four Horsemen of the
 > Infocalypse" that we thought would really put remailers
 > under some extreme pressure. If the Scienotologists can shut
 > down many of the remailers, imagine what the Horsemen will
 > do!
I think it's time for a slight leap forward in the technology
that is employed to provide the functionality formerly known as
A little increase in reliablity might not hurt either.  My
current success rate for getting something through a remailer
chain is about 50%, and that's using Ralph's reliable remailer
list as a guide.
Time for a brainstorming session.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-23 06:09:27
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Floating Point and Financial Software 
There seem to be a few mini-flames on the list over whether
floating point data representations are appropriate for financial
In a nutshell, the answer is "YES", and the use of floating point
arithmetic is common in such applications.
One argument heard against the use of floating point is that it
is inherently "imprecise." In reality, floating point
representations and the results of floating point operations are
perfectly well defined, and the points on the real number line
which are exactly representable by double-precision floating
point values are usually a superset of those representable by the
default integer on most machines.
Storing monetary values as double-precision floats having integer
values in cents is even common in COBOL programs, where the
"COMP-3" data type allows the use of fast floating point in lieu
of the default and slow manipulation of packed decimal and
decimal data.
It is even common in certain CPUs, like CDC Mainframes and
SPARCS, which are primarily floating point engines, to omit
integer divide and sometimes even multiply, and to provide a
subroutine which employs floating point calculations to emulate
these operations. This is completely transparent to the user of
the machine, and there is no problem in using floating point to
do integer operations.
In fact, when running financial applications on large engineering
mainframes, which generally lack a business instruction set,
floating point is not only commonly employed, it is the obvious
way to get the maximum performance out of the machine.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-23 10:34:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Twilight of the Remailers? 
>>  Contrast this with a DC-Net of boxes which can covertly inject
 >>  packets into the Net, in some untracable manner.  Now we have
 >>  no identifiable "Hal" to be harrassed, and no one for the
 >>  Clams to aim their lawyers at.
 > While this is a nice thought, it is incorrect.  You can't
 > "covertly inject packets into the Net, in some untraceable
 > manner."
You can temporarily modify router tables, spoof IPs and idents,
and leave few traces behind once the data has been transferred,
particularly if the origin is some obscure foreign location.
 > The output of the DC net is simply a block of
 > random-looking bits for each member of the net.  Someone
 > must XOR each of the blocks together before the message is
 > readable.
Correct.  But I was mentioning DC-Nets only in the context of a
mechanism for permitting the dispersed parts of such a system to
communicate with each other, without identification of a
particular node as being responsible for a particular action.
 > If the addressee is not personally watching the DC-net and
 > assembling all the blocks looking for a message, someone
 > else must do that and put it out on the Internet (via
 > e-mail, usenet, IRC, etc...).  That someone is the person
 > who is going to take the heat for the massage.  It is
 > exactly the same situation as with current remailers:
 > someone gets mail they don't like, they trace it back as far
 > as possible (i.e., to the remailer operator).  The last
 > person holding the 'hot-potato' gets burned.
The idea here was to have a large number of nodes, each capable
of injecting data into the Net in a manner which cannot be easily
traced back to an individual.  These nodes would talk to each
other using a mechanism which obscured both eavesdropping and
traffic analysis of their communications, a DC-Net being one
possible way of doing this.
 > Since it looks like the "everyone's a remailer" dream is
 > not becoming a reality, the key to successful remailers is
 > to make the *operators* untraceable as well.  If you can't
 > trace the operator, you can't hold them liable.  We have
 > discussed techniques for doing this before: cash paid
 > accounts, using dialups (possibly from a public phone).
 > The remailer must be a 'sacrificial cow' that can be
 > snatched up by 'authorities' at any time.
You could get the same effect with an instant anonymous account
that could be purchased with Ecash.  You would buy it on the
spot, send your mail, and forget about it.  For all practical
purposes, it would serve the same function as a remailer, and
steps could be taken to obscure the identity of whoever had
telnetted to it.
Another possible approach is the "remailing packets" one.  You
could set up a packet remailer which could be used as a universal
proxy server in some untouchable foreign location.  If we had a
"packet remailer in a box", these things could pop up all over
the place, live a short time, and be nuked.  Since the
communication would be real-time, concerns over reliability and
delivery would not exist in the same way they do for the current
system of remailers.
 > Because it takes considerable time, effort, and money to
 > setup and run a remailer that is untraceable to the
 > operator, there must be compensation. The solution is a
 > typical cypherpunk one: Digital cash postage that is
 > collected by the remailer, encrypted with a public key, and
 > posted to alt.anonymous.messages.  Our untraceable remailer
 > operator sits back and collects the cash until the remailer
 > is forcibly shut-down.  Then he starts up a new one
 > (assuming this is profitable).
I don't think most people are going to pay to remail.  Or, to put
it another way, the types of traffic people will pay to remail
are those no remailer operator will want to touch with a barge
 > The age of remailers with publically known operators is
 > drawing to a close. Basically the only missing link is the
 > digital postage.  If we get that, then being an anonymous
 > remailer operator could be the first cryptoanarchist job
 > that basically anyone can get and where you can collect
 > money completely untraceably and tax-free.  To me that seems
 > like a big step towards the future that many of us have been
 > discussing for the past few years.  A very exciting
 > prospect.
Perhaps.  Time will tell.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-23 11:01:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Perry Writes:
Calling floating point math "approximate" is a bit of a misnomer.  Floating point numbers all correspond to exact points on the real number line.  The floating point number taken as the result of an operation, if that result is not another floating point number, is always chosen consistantly in a way which has minimum error and zero
bias. Floating point numbers can be used to do exact integer arithmetic
quite easily.  A 48 bit mantissa can represent 14 decimal digit signed
integers with no loss of precision, and $999,999,999,999.99 is more
than enough magnitude for most bean counters.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-05-24 11:16:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
Don't suppose Matt could do a little executive summary of "The Briefing" and post it to the list, could he?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:13:37
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Small "Hard" Problems Wanted 
Fellow C'Punks,
In my quest to reduce NP-Completeness to NP-Not-So-Hard-Ness, I
have just finished coding and debugging a very complicated
algorithm which manages to solve circuit satisfiability problems
of up to 1000 nodes in a few minutes and about half a meg of
memory. It works directly from the connectivity information and
the time required is not a function of the number of input bits.
Circuit satisfiability problems, and other well known problems
like Max P-Sat, are amongst the more useful canonically
NP-Complete problems, since other problems map very nicely into
The algorithm is currently in APL, and I am in the process of
recoding it in C, after which I plan to test it on reduced round
DES, full 16 round DES, and some RSA problems of various sizes.
I already have C code to map RSA and n-round DES problems into an
appropriate circuit satisfiability problem and generate
appropriate input for the algorithm, so finishing up the C
version is the only remaining step before these tests can begin.
The current APL reference inplementation can still handle
problems up to about 1000 nodes, which should include a lot of
stuff for which exhaustive search would be intractable, even on
Nothing I have so far fed the reference implementation has bombed
it, and I would like to make sure it is perfect before the finely
tuned C version is complete.
So if anyone has a "hard" problem they are dying to solve, which
maps into a circuit satisfiability problem that isn't over 1000
nodes, Email it to me and I will see if I can divine the answer.
I will post any interesting results to the list, of course.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-14 14:11:30
@_author: mpd@netcom.com 
@_subject: FCPUNX:Small 'Hard' Problems Wanted 
> (I'm getting this this through fcpunks, so my reply is
 > going to you. If you reply, you can cc cypherpunks if you
 > want.)
 >> ... I plan to test it on reduced round DES, full 16 round
 >> DES, and some RSA problems of various sizes.
 > These are all in NP (though not necessarily NP-C), so you
 > can certainly solve them with SAT, but I'd be *very*
 > surprised if SAT were an efficient way to do it.  If
 > SAT-reduction beats the number field sieve at factoring, for
 > example, you've got a major research result.
Actually, I would expect any AI algorithm which has some notion
of convergence to beat all of the "combination of congruences"
factoring methods, which are essentially exhaustive searches,
albeit it under the image of some useful transformations and
SAT (boolean satisfiability) does not seem to illuminate
factoring or other cyptographic problems in any obvious way. Even
a prime implicant covering of a typical strong cryptographic
function would be mondo huge in terms of memory.  Crypto problems
map pretty nicely into circuit problems, however, and circuit
satisfiability seems to be a nice wedge with which to attack a
number of the most popular ones.  Of course, you can go back and
forth between circuit and SAT problems, but thinking in terms of
circuits allows you to add the correct additional variables to a
problem which would be gigantic if you did the output directly in
terms of the input bits.
I will wait to see if this thing munches through DES of various
rounds before claiming any "research results."
 >> I already have C code to map RSA and n-round DES problems
 >> into an appropriate circuit satisfiability problem
 > How big a SAT problem does an n-bit RSA or n-round DES
 > problem turn into?
Well - the typical DES S-Box requires between 130-155 2-input
logical operations to express its 4 bit output in terms of its 6
bit input if you basically construct it in the obvious no-brainer
way without attempting any clever optimization.
Throw in a few XORs, and you can wire 2 round DES in about 2,500
one and two input logical operations, and the full 16 round DES
takes about 25,000.  I'm sure this can be improved upon greatly,
if someone wanted to tweek the wiring diagram.
What I've done to convert DES to a circuit satisfiability problem
is to make a logical network with (56+64+64) input bits and 1
output bit. The input consists of (key,plaintext,ciphertext).  I
pass both the plaintext and ciphertext through the IP, and do
half the rounds on each with the appropriate subkeys.  Then I XOR
opposite 32 bit sections between them, OR it all together, and
complement the output.
This yields something which lights up if the key maps the
provided plaintext into the provided ciphertext and outputs zero
otherwise.  When it is instantated with a particular
plaintext/ciphertext pair, this diagram can be munched by the
previously mentioned algorithm to yield a possibly non-empty set
of keys.
RSA is a little bit more messy.  Given a modulus between 2^k < N
< 2^(k-1), you can construct a circuit which when instantated
with the modulus bits will light up if and only if the larger
of the two distinct primes is input.  The way I do this requires
only two multiplicative operations, one being a modular
reciprocal of an odd number modulo 2^k, and the other being a
multiplication.  Both of these are wired as N^2 algorithms,
using successive approximation, although near-linear algorithms
probably exist.
As a data point, a circuit which lights up when RSA-140 is input
can be done in about a million NANDs.  Someone has offered me
some time on a 64 meg ultraSparc to try some RSA problems, but I
am going to debug the C version on DES first.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-14 14:21:05
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: FCPUNX:Small "Hard" Problems Wanted 
> (I'm getting this this through fcpunks, so my reply is
 > going to you. If you reply, you can cc cypherpunks if you
 > want.)
 >> ... I plan to test it on reduced round DES, full 16 round
 >> DES, and some RSA problems of various sizes.
 > These are all in NP (though not necessarily NP-C), so you
 > can certainly solve them with SAT, but I'd be *very*
 > surprised if SAT were an efficient way to do it.  If
 > SAT-reduction beats the number field sieve at factoring, for
 > example, you've got a major research result.
Actually, I would expect any AI algorithm which has some notion
of convergence to beat all of the "combination of congruences"
factoring methods, which are essentially exhaustive searches,
albeit it under the image of some useful transformations and
SAT (boolean satisfiability) does not seem to illuminate
factoring or other cyptographic problems in any obvious way. Even
a prime implicant covering of a typical strong cryptographic
function would be mondo huge in terms of memory.  Crypto problems
map pretty nicely into circuit problems, however, and circuit
satisfiability seems to be a nice wedge with which to attack a
number of the most popular ones.  Of course, you can go back and
forth between circuit and SAT problems, but thinking in terms of
circuits allows you to add the correct additional variables to a
problem which would be gigantic if you did the output directly in
terms of the input bits.
I will wait to see if this thing munches through DES of various
rounds before claiming any "research results."
 >> I already have C code to map RSA and n-round DES problems
 >> into an appropriate circuit satisfiability problem
 > How big a SAT problem does an n-bit RSA or n-round DES
 > problem turn into?
Well - the typical DES S-Box requires between 130-155 2-input
logical operations to express its 4 bit output in terms of its 6
bit input if you basically construct it in the obvious no-brainer
way without attempting any clever optimization.
Throw in a few XORs, and you can wire 2 round DES in about 2,500
one and two input logical operations, and the full 16 round DES
takes about 25,000.  I'm sure this can be improved upon greatly,
if someone wanted to tweek the wiring diagram.
What I've done to convert DES to a circuit satisfiability problem
is to make a logical network with (56+64+64) input bits and 1
output bit. The input consists of (key,plaintext,ciphertext).  I
pass both the plaintext and ciphertext through the IP, and do
half the rounds on each with the appropriate subkeys.  Then I XOR
opposite 32 bit sections between them, OR it all together, and
complement the output.
This yields something which lights up if the key maps the
provided plaintext into the provided ciphertext and outputs zero
otherwise.  When it is instantated with a particular
plaintext/ciphertext pair, this diagram can be munched by the
previously mentioned algorithm to yield a possibly non-empty set
of keys.
RSA is a little bit more messy.  Given a modulus between 2^k < N
< 2^(k-1), you can construct a circuit which when instantated
with the modulus bits will light up if and only if the larger
of the two distinct primes is input.  The way I do this requires
only two multiplicative operations, one being a modular
reciprocal of an odd number modulo 2^k, and the other being a
multiplication.  Both of these are wired as N^2 algorithms,
using successive approximation, although near-linear algorithms
probably exist.
As a data point, a circuit which lights up when RSA-140 is input
can be done in about a million NANDs.  Someone has offered me
some time on a 64 meg ultraSparc to try some RSA problems, but I
am going to debug the C version on DES first.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-16 10:53:13
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Does John Gilmore... 
> I think that John is doing a lot of great things for crypto
 > (his participation in the Bernstein case, S/WAN, etc.) and I
 > agree with at least 90% of the things I see him doing.  I
 > think he made the wrong call with Dimitri, though.
Banning Dimitri was a really dumb thing to do.  The list is
archived practically in real time on the Web and anyone can post
whether or not they are subscribed, not to mention the
availability of anonymous remailers, with which Cypherpunks is
closely associated.
So we had a unilaterial act, which was completely unenforcable,
that made us all look like a bunch of clueless hypocrites in the
process and filled the list with yet another pointless flame war.
Indeed, we have here another classic example of not quite
grasping the issues involved, much like what we see on a regular
basis from the EFF as they merrily capitulate right and left with
Congressrodents on bills most Cypherpunks find unacceptable.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-17 09:55:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Unsubscriving Briefly 
I'm unsubscriving from the list for a few days (weeks?) until the noise level drops down a bit.  I'll check it periodically on the Web
and I'm pretty sure that if something happens that shakes the world
of cryptography to its very foundations, someone will probably send me some email about it. Please continue to party while I am away.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-27 10:10:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
> Dorthy Denning is a boot-licking fasicist!!!
 > William Reinsch is a lying bastard. Fucking politions!!
 > Fucking goverment!! They all deserve a long rope!!
It is perhaps a point in Dr. Denning's favor that her most
vitriolic detractors can spell neither "Dorothy" nor "fascist".
I must admit that I am at a loss to understand the heat which
Dorothy Denning generates on the Cypherpunks list, which seems to
be second only to the heat generated by posting recipes for roast
feline in rec.pets.cats.
All of the people I know who have met her find her to be a
pleasant person, and the occasional Email messages we have
exchanged have certainly been positive and friendly.  While she
tends to view the Four Horsemen of the Infocolypse as a bit more
threatening than the typical Cypherpunk, I don't think her views
are so extreme as to justify the continuous screams of "crypto
toady", "government suckup", and "wicked witch" which seem to pop
up in response to her every utterance.
I would even go so far as to say that this list would be a lot
more entertaining if she were contributing to it, and sci.crypt
is certainly a less interesting place now than it was in bygone
days when she was posting there.
Perhaps Tim can add his own thoughts to this thread.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-11-27 15:30:37
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Turning Peas Into Stars 
> Fanciful but true statement: it is possible to cut a pea in a
 > finite number of pieces, and rearrange them so as to make a ball
 > the size of the sun (leaving no holes, of course).
Nothing to do with crypto, of course, but at least it has something
to do with math. Does anyone remember Martin Gardner's April Fool's Day "Mathematical
Games" column in Sci Am in which he proposed the Banach-Tarski Paradox
as a practical method of turning a solid gold sphere into two solid
gold spheres each identical to the original?
A nice illustration of why all sets can't be measurable.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-10-02 15:01:11
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Can we kill single DES? 
Yes.  It's an obsolete cipher with a woefully small key.  Only
a catastrophic failure will cause the ABA to undergo religious
I'm a firm believer in "work smart, not hard."  It might be interesting
to run a wiring diagram of DES through a superoptimizer and see how many
algebraic identities fall out.
An analytical crack that could be published on the Net would be far
more impressive than harnassing gigacycles on every available machine,
which might very well awe the gullible into thinking DES was difficult
to break.
I can see the headlines now.  "Cypherpunks show DES can withstand up to 9,000 Pentium-years of torture and keep on ticking."
Remember the Law of Unintended Consequences.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-01 17:29:10
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^WARNING^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ vIRuS! 
I don't want to restart the jpg-virus flame war again, and this particular story is likely completely bogus, but I should point out that most complicated software, including jpeg viewers, has
undiscovered bugs lurking about.  It is also not particularly
difficult to find a garbage input file for most sloppily written
programs which bombs the program into branching into one of its
data buffers.  Indeed, it wasn't so long ago that you could get
httpd to put crap on its own stack by feeding it an excessively
long URL. So I would certainly not be surprised if someone managed to construct a .jpg file which would do nasty things to ones machine
if loaded with a specific viewer, and give an error message when loaded by other software.  If the viewer was a widely used one, and the .jpg was posted on Usenet with an alluring title, one could probably do quite a bit
of damage before people got wise.  Not a virus in the traditional sense, but a fairly common way
to attack complicated operating systems and applications.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-04 13:53:21
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Esther Dyson Flap 
> Indeed, I support the elimination of concepts such as
 > "slander" and "libel" precisely because they cause more harm
 > than good.  Currently, there is an illusion among ordinary
 > citizens that "if that was untrue, you could sue him for
 > libel!" despite the fact that this is rarely practical.  In
 > that way, the law actually adds credibility to what should
 > be an incredible claim. Eliminate libel suits, and you've
 > eliminated any presumption that because it's been spoken or
 > is in print, it's likely to be correct.
Reputation performs this function very well, and without
expensive litigation. That is why there is really no clear and
present danger posed by inacurate information on the Net.
Governments shield themselves far better by promoting conspiracy
theory as a recreational activity than they ever could by
prosecuting people who expose their activities.  Drowning signal
in noise effectively obscures it without lending credence to
material one cannot easily debunk.
As they say on X-Files, "The Truth is Out There..." (Somewhere)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-12 08:37:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Child porn as thoughtcrime 
> The answer to the all the questions in the first set is
 > yes, in this country anyway, if they are interpreted by the
 > legal system as intending to incite illicit sexual acts,
 > fantasies or obsessions about children.  The fantasies or
 > obsessions are assumed to lead to the illegal acts.
The problem here is that they are "assumed" to do this as a
matter of inerrant scripture, in spite of quite a bit of evidence
indicating that this is not the case.
It doesn't exactly send those under 18 a positive message about
their bodies when it is suggested that capturing the slightest
overt representation of their sexuality is a crime worthy of
flaying and burning at the stake.
I agree that persons should probably be protected from working as
models or service providers in the commercial sex industry until
they reach the age of majority.  But the things that are being
proposed these days look much more like an ideological purge of
material relating to youthful sexuality than a serious attempt to
protect children.  The reasons given as justification are almost
always overly vague.
 > Well, I'd say that anyone who benefits materially from the
 > distribution of child porn is exploiting either the
 > children, the pervert or both.
The definition of "child porn" today is so excessively broad that
it tramples on the notion of protected free speech and need not
involve a "pervert."
Since the alleged sexual exploitation of children is the one
political issue no CongressRodent can afford to be seen as soft
on, it is hardly surprising that this single issue will likely be
the wedge used to successfully attack protected free speech.
 > Hold on here..  you are making an invalid comparison.  To
 > my knowledge, there is no law against speaking in favor of
 > child porn, any more than there is against speaking in favor
 > of drug usage.  It against the law to *use* either of them.
But of course we aren't really talking about "speaking in favor
of child porn." That's just the buzzword phrase used by the
opposing side to characterize any argument against their
We are talking about the right of citizens to privately converse
with each other on any topic of their choosing, including through
the use of visual material, without government interference. This
is independent of the issue of child porn, and who is exploited
when money is made through its distribution.
 > The argument is not dependent upon whether or not actual
 > children are used, any more than whether or not an actual
 > gun is used in a robbery - the net effect is the same.
 > Children are harmed by the promotion of child porn because
 > it leads to the abuse/exploitation of kids.
This is a very vague and spurious connection, much like the
suggestion that sympathetic views towards Communism in the '50s
would lead to the overthrow of our government.  Purging all
depictions of adolescent sexuality from our society under threat
of imprisonment is hardly a prudent public safety measure.
 > Let those who believe that they have a constitutional right
 > to "keep and bear child pornography" violate the various
 > laws and see if they can prove that their constitutional
 > rights are violated by the law which proscribes such things.
Our constitution would be far better if it had a strong privacy
provision, rather than the current First Ammendment. There will
always be reasonable exceptions to the notion of absolute freedom
of speech, and in every era, people will believe that their own
pet issues, (Communism, Child Sex, Abortion Information), should
be amongst the special exceptions made.
In a country like Sweden, for instance, a constitutional
ammendment would be required to ban private possession of any
printed material in a citizen's own home.  Here, all it takes is
some grumbling by the child sex hysterics, and you can go to
prison for sitting at your kitchen table with sissors and a jar
of paste, and making a collage from selected pieces of the JC
Penney Catalog and the latest issue of Playboy.
Many so-called child porn laws are easily the silliest examples
of the "Tyranny of the Majority" and "thoughtcrime" ever to rear
their heads in modern times.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-12 10:43:47
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Child porn as thoughtcrime 
> It seems to me that the logic of these answers would make
 > the movie, "Carried Away" illegal.  According to a Boston
 > Globe review (reprinted in the local rag), "... his
 > character cheats on his longtime girlfriend with a new
 > student who's only 17, ..." Depending on how this is
 > depicted in the movie (Rated R), it seems to me that this
 > could go over Hatch's line. (BTW, the review rates the movie
 > 3 stars out of a possible 4.)
This is an interesting point.  There are a plethora of foreign
films, and some domestic ones, which contain frontal nudity by
persons under 18, as well as suggestions and sometimes even
fairly explicit depictions of acts such as masturbation or sex
between adolescents or (horrors) between an adolescent and an
None of these films has a rating worse than an (R) from the
censors at the MPAA, and a lot of them have glowing reviews
singing their praises by the likes of Siskel and Ebert, Judith
Crist, and John Hartl.
Paradoxically, the US Government has never prosecuted a
mainstream film under child pornography laws, evidently feeling
that this was a can of worms they didn't dare open, or at the
very least, not wanting to risk losing the case and establishing
a precedent
So while people are getting prosecuted for a grainy computer
picture they downloaded from the Internet, which some pediatric
"expert" testifies "appears to depict a minor", such glowing
cinematic moments such as the hardon comparison scene in Bernardo
Bertolucci's "1900", or Jill Clayburgh masturbating her teenage
son to orgasm in "Luna", are freely available to anyone who wants
them, and even get shown on Premium Cable to boot.  Not to
mention the child nudity in films ranging from the ancient
"Macbeth" to the adolescent boy loves boy epic "You Are Not
Showtime must have run David Hamilton's "Tendres Cousines" at
least a zillion times when it was first released, as well as
prominently featuring it in their weekly softcore erotica slot,
even though it featured the rather explicit seduction of a 14
year old boy by an older girl, complete with nudity, flushed
cheeks, and panting orgasms.
If the Hatch bill in one form or another passes, will the
government still continue to ignore the art film market in its
quest to stamp out depictions of child sex?  How will the
artistic community react when the feds start throwing people in
jail, and burning the master prints of critically aclaimed films,
under the excuse that the mere existence of such material
"sexualizes" children and "encourages child abuse?"
Should make for some interesting court tests.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-14 07:54:09
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
At this point, I would love the ability to filter news and mail according to some criteria related to the sender's probable
reputation.  Back in the early days of C&S, spam was an intellectual issue.  Now it is a good chunk of the entire
bandwidth of major components of the Net.
I am now getting more junk email than email from people I care to correspond with.  It seems one can't even read the
scholarly newsgroups anymore without "Come Watch Us Lick
Ourselves on the Web" messages popping up regularly.
It's really getting to the point where the time-honored
suggestion of "just hit your delete key" cannot deal with the
obverwhelming amount of Drek posted, much of it with subject
lines deliberately designed to blend in with the newsgroup
Just being able to filter out posts from Net addresses that
don't correspond to real identifiable humans posting under
their legal names would be a good first step.  Purely voluntary, of course, since any filtering would be
done at the reading end, and people could still post anything
they liked.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-14 12:23:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
> I'm crushed.
 > Seriously, what is the import of the "real identifiable
 > human" or the "posting under their legal names" point?
It's been a bad spam day.  If someone offered me a switch that
would separate academicians from AOLers, I would throw it.
That doesn't necessarily mean I would leave it in the "ON"
position forever, or that I would consider such a thing to be the
correct Cypherpunks approach to the problem.
 > If an AI program posts quality stuff, what's the difference?
 > Why the import of true "legal" names?  Why not simply
 > develop reputation signatures?
 > The concept that "legal names" are some how a credential is
 > silly.  I have a friend who has four, with matching SSN
 > cards.
These are all good points, but today (as opposed to days when I
am in a good mood, and think correct political thoughts), I would
opt for the quick and dirty solution.
 > What your suggestion basically says is "instead of
 > developing our own decentralized reputations system for
 > filtering lets use one already in place, i.e. the state
 > Department of Motor Vehicles.
Let's develop our own decentralized reputations system for
filtering.  Could we have it installed in the "sci" and "comp"
hierarchies by tomorrow morning please?
 > Mr. Duvos' idea is, in my view, a step backwards.
Mr. Duvos, like other humans with Net fatigue, is occasionally
not in good humour.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-14 16:21:07
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Internet Drivers' Licenses 
> Well, it would seem some are helping to make my point;
 > M.Duvos is calling for government intervention, in the form
 > of an "Internet Driver's License."
Nothing to do with the government.  If people choose to
voluntarily obtain a key with which to voluntarily sign their
posts, and I set my newsreader to present only articles which
correspond to keys having certain criteria, all is well and good.
Anyone can still post anything they like, including unsigned
articles, and the filter is at the reading end, which is where it
should be.
A given key could mean "I am Mike Duvos", "I am Tim May", or "I
am Dorothy Denning." Or it could mean something more obscure,
like "I showed my driver's license to get this key", or "10
leading Cypherpunks think I'm a Nym worth listening to", or even
"I donate regularly to the 700 Club."
 > There goes anonimity, which has, in general, been a "good
 > thing" on the 'net. Here comes "big brother", to protect us
 > from the evil anonymous spammer.
Bullfeathers.  Encouraging people to sign posts, and permitting
newsreaders to select based on signature characteristics is about
as big a threat to anonymity as a procmail file which filters out
everything having an anon remailer disclaimer attached to it.
 > Here comes more government infrastructure to enforce the
 > LAWS that "we", as a society, have subjected ourselves to,
 > so that "the few, the rude, the clueless" can no longer send
 > out their anonymously sourced spam.
They can spam all they want.  They can be as rude and clueless as
they wish.  It hardly requires additional government
infrastructure if *I* want to only read posts signed by keys
endorsed by persons or organizations I trust.
 > Less freedom, more taxes.
How one moves from a system of voluntarily signing Usenet posts
to more taxes is beyond my ability to comprehend.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-17 13:13:14
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
> Personally, by saying that no transmission on a standard
 > phoneline can have more than 3100 baud, is a statement
 > saying that technology and science, shall never advance, to
 > a point where things are possible. If you remember right,
 > just 10 or so years ago, we stated that 2400 baud was the
 > highest possible baud, and we would never go over.
Baud denotes the number of state changes made by the modem on the
line per second.  The possible states generally form some sort of
regular pattern in frequency/phase space, with each state being
maintained long enough to reliably determine it on the other end.
Before the advent of V32 and V32.bis modems, the underlying
symbol rate was substantially lower than it is now.  Then it was
determined that it was possible to overdrive the line cards on
digital switches to equalize them over a wider range of
frequencies, without smoking them down.  The newer modems take
advantage of this kludge.
Since the underlying digital data stream is eight thousand 8-bit
u-law samples per second, there are genuine theoretical limits in
terms of symbols per second which cannot be crossed.
 > My modem, running on a standard phone line, is a 28.8
 > USRobotics modem, with the software, and hardware upgrades
 > to a 3400 baud, I get on an average day anywhere from 3500
 > to 3600 baud for send/receive.  On a bad day, I only get
 > 3100 to 3200.  SO I would say, that my phone lines, are
 > cleaner than most eh?  And Yes, I am in the US.
Don't confuse "baud" in terms of characters per second through
your modem with the low level symbol rate of the modem's analog
output into the phone line.  The "baud" you see is a function not
only of the low level symbol rate, but of framing, the V.42
compression/error correction process, and other factors.
 > Speaking of ISDN, how many people, can afford to have a
 > personal ISDN line in there house?  And then afford to
 > connect to something/someone else on a next to permanent
 > basis monthly?
The price of ISDN is a function of phone company marketing, not
the cost of providing the service.  Domestic US service is almost
entirely digital now, and moving the subscriber line interface to
the consumer end, so the digital aspects of the network may be
fully exploited, is not a conceptually expensive process.
(Yes I know the software upgrade to ESS for ISDN costs a
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1996-09-18 09:30:44
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Child pornography -- Expert witness for Federal jury trial 
Is this the Leachman/UPitt thing?       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-02 22:47:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Gilmore's Moderated Cypherpunks List 
Our Former Titular Leader Bails and Expounds Thusly Over the
Smoking Remains of the Once Mighty Cypherpunks List:
 > First, I don't argue that John Gilmore is unfree to do as
 > he wishes with his machine, toad, which has been the major
 > machine host for the Cypherpunks list. John can tell us we
 > have to write in Pig Latin if he wishes.
Freedom of the Press belongs to those who own one. Since there
are no legal restrictions on the name "Cypherpunks", anyone with
a working box can host a "Cypherpunks List", and individuals may
choose to spend their reputation capital improving the S/N ratio
of whatever Cypherpunks Lists they favor.  In this sense, a
"Cypherpunks List" is like a "Webster's Dictionary." Anyone can
use the name, and the deluxe leather bound edition put out by a
University is better than the tacky newsprint one offered as a
premium by your local book club.
Gilmore's Moderated Cypherpunks List is one of many forums where
Cypherpunks may choose to congregate, some of which carry the
name "Cypherpunks," and some of which do not.
 > I think we should all be very grateful to John for agreeing
 > to let it run on his hardware, but not let our gratitude
 > turn into some sort of subservience and blather about how
 > John "owns" the Cypherpunks group.
I think we should have nipped Gilmore in the bud when he censored
Vulis, and immediately looked for a new site to host a
Cypherpunks list which was not subject to sudden and arbitrary
censorship by the site owner.  John, of course, would have been
perfectly free to continue to host "Gilmore's Moderated
Cypherpunks List", and we would have perfectly free not to post
there any more.
Instead, being comfortable and lazy, we tolerated Gilmore's
pathetic attempts to exterminate the pesky Vulis, and given that
Vulis was more than a match for Gilmore mentally, the pissing
contest soon escalated as the frantic Gilmore took more and more
extreme measures to find "the final solution" to the good
Doctor's posts.
Again, predictable behavior by everyone involved.
 > Again, is the "Cyherpunks community" the same as the mailing
 > list? And is the mailing list, hosted at toad, the "property" of
 > John Gilmore?
Of course not.  What a silly notion.
All mailing lists that survive more than a few months are
organized around some strong personality who nudges the list back
on-topic when it begins to stray, and who posts articles
interesting enough that people will make regular visits to read
If no one performs this function on a list, the list will die.
I think most people will agree with me that Timothy C. May has
been the person who performed this function here on Cypherpunks,
from its creation until fairly recently.  If he chooses not to
perform this function on "Gilmore's Moderated Cypherpunks List",
that is Mr. Gilmore's tough luck.  Perhaps if Mr. Gilmore asks
nicely, Dr. Vulis will volunteer.
Then again, perhaps not. :)
 > I'll have more to say about my problems with how things
 > were handled. Frankly, it smacked of the same kind of fait
 > accompli decision John made with the unsubscribing of Vulis.
 > While John had (and has) every legal right to do with his
 > property as he wished, the effect was very negative. First,
 > Vulis found other ways to post (duh). Second, the list was
 > consumed with flames about this, many from Vulis, and many
 > from others. Third, journalists (who love sizzle over
 > substance any day of the week) lept into the fray with
 > articles which gave Vulis the publicity he craved. Fourth,
 > it sent a message to enemies of liberty that "Even the
 > Cypherpunks have found it necessary to abandon their
 > anarchic ways."
I agree completely.  Do real Cypherpunks want to post to a list
run by someone who has undermined their agenda and made them look
like hypocritical idiots to the world?  Gilmore has done more
damage to the good name of Crypto Anarchy in the last few weeks
than the government spooks could ever have hoped for in their
wildest dreams.
 > But by making the _main list_ the censored one, this skewed
 > things considerably.
Yes, this was a sleezy and perfidious trick by Gilmore, who
apparently wanted to transform "Cypherpunks" into "Gilmore's
Moderated Cypherpunks List" by fiat.  Even the unedited list was
an afterthought to pacify critics, and you can be sure that it
will evaporate as soon as he thinks no ones complaints will be
 > Had there been a debate about the policy, I can think of
 > several approaches I'd like better. But inasmuch as John
 > made it clear that there would be no debate (and, perhaps as
 > part of the "problem," John has not really been a active
 > member of the mailing list, in terms of participating in the
 > debates), this is all moot.
 > In any case, my several years with the list have taken a
 > huge amount of my time. Given the way this whole thing was
 > handled, and the way the list is degenerating even further,
 > it looks like it's good that I'm moving on to other things.
Hey - if John Gilmore can attract readers to "Gilmore's Moderated
Cypherpunks List" by virtue of his charming personality, more
power to him.
Really. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-03 06:41:01
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Gilmore's Moderated Cypherpunks List 
Our Former Titular Leader Bails and Expounds Thusly Over the
Smoking Remains of the Once Mighty Cypherpunks List:
 > First, I don't argue that John Gilmore is unfree to do as
 > he wishes with his machine, toad, which has been the major
 > machine host for the Cypherpunks list. John can tell us we
 > have to write in Pig Latin if he wishes.
Freedom of the Press belongs to those who own one. Since there
are no legal restrictions on the name "Cypherpunks", anyone with
a working box can host a "Cypherpunks List", and individuals may
choose to spend their reputation capital improving the S/N ratio
of whatever Cypherpunks Lists they favor.  In this sense, a
"Cypherpunks List" is like a "Webster's Dictionary." Anyone can
use the name, and the deluxe leather bound edition put out by a
University is better than the tacky newsprint one offered as a
premium by your local book club.
Gilmore's Moderated Cypherpunks List is one of many forums where
Cypherpunks may choose to congregate, some of which carry the
name "Cypherpunks," and some of which do not.
 > I think we should all be very grateful to John for agreeing
 > to let it run on his hardware, but not let our gratitude
 > turn into some sort of subservience and blather about how
 > John "owns" the Cypherpunks group.
I think we should have nipped Gilmore in the bud when he censored
Vulis, and immediately looked for a new site to host a
Cypherpunks list which was not subject to sudden and arbitrary
censorship by the site owner.  John, of course, would have been
perfectly free to continue to host "Gilmore's Moderated
Cypherpunks List", and we would have perfectly free not to post
there any more.
Instead, being comfortable and lazy, we tolerated Gilmore's
pathetic attempts to exterminate the pesky Vulis, and given that
Vulis was more than a match for Gilmore mentally, the pissing
contest soon escalated as the frantic Gilmore took more and more
extreme measures to find "the final solution" to the good
Doctor's posts.
Again, predictable behavior by everyone involved.
 > Again, is the "Cyherpunks community" the same as the mailing
 > list? And is the mailing list, hosted at toad, the "property" of
 > John Gilmore?
Of course not.  What a silly notion.
All mailing lists that survive more than a few months are
organized around some strong personality who nudges the list back
on-topic when it begins to stray, and who posts articles
interesting enough that people will make regular visits to read
If no one performs this function on a list, the list will die.
I think most people will agree with me that Timothy C. May has
been the person who performed this function here on Cypherpunks,
from its creation until fairly recently.  If he chooses not to
perform this function on "Gilmore's Moderated Cypherpunks List",
that is Mr. Gilmore's tough luck.  Perhaps if Mr. Gilmore asks
nicely, Dr. Vulis will volunteer.
Then again, perhaps not. :)
 > I'll have more to say about my problems with how things
 > were handled. Frankly, it smacked of the same kind of fait
 > accompli decision John made with the unsubscribing of Vulis.
 > While John had (and has) every legal right to do with his
 > property as he wished, the effect was very negative. First,
 > Vulis found other ways to post (duh). Second, the list was
 > consumed with flames about this, many from Vulis, and many
 > from others. Third, journalists (who love sizzle over
 > substance any day of the week) lept into the fray with
 > articles which gave Vulis the publicity he craved. Fourth,
 > it sent a message to enemies of liberty that "Even the
 > Cypherpunks have found it necessary to abandon their
 > anarchic ways."
I agree completely.  Do real Cypherpunks want to post to a list
run by someone who has undermined their agenda and made them look
like hypocritical idiots to the world?  Gilmore has done more
damage to the good name of Crypto Anarchy in the last few weeks
than the government spooks could ever have hoped for in their
wildest dreams.
 > But by making the _main list_ the censored one, this skewed
 > things considerably.
Yes, this was a sleezy and perfidious trick by Gilmore, who
apparently wanted to transform "Cypherpunks" into "Gilmore's
Moderated Cypherpunks List" by fiat.  Even the unedited list was
an afterthought to pacify critics, and you can be sure that it
will evaporate as soon as he thinks no ones complaints will be
 > Had there been a debate about the policy, I can think of
 > several approaches I'd like better. But inasmuch as John
 > made it clear that there would be no debate (and, perhaps as
 > part of the "problem," John has not really been a active
 > member of the mailing list, in terms of participating in the
 > debates), this is all moot.
 > In any case, my several years with the list have taken a
 > huge amount of my time. Given the way this whole thing was
 > handled, and the way the list is degenerating even further,
 > it looks like it's good that I'm moving on to other things.
Hey - if John Gilmore can attract readers to "Gilmore's Moderated
Cypherpunks List" by virtue of his charming personality, more
power to him.
Really. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-07 08:36:27
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
Now that a few weeks have passed, I have decided that moderation delays
are the most annoying feature of the new experiment.  I am subscribed to the unedited list under another account, and its almost instantaneous
traffic is in great contrast to the time required for posts to trickle
through the Sandfort-Bot. Messages apparently do not get moderated in the order in which they are received.  Some messages take a very long time, as other later
messages pass them by and are posted to the list.  Again, I have no
explanation for this unusual behavior.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:28:48
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
Now that a few weeks have passed, I have decided that moderation delays
are the most annoying feature of the new experiment.  I am subscribed to the unedited list under another account, and its almost instantaneous
traffic is in great contrast to the time required for posts to trickle
through the Sandfort-Bot. Messages apparently do not get moderated in the order in which they are received.  Some messages take a very long time, as other later
messages pass them by and are posted to the list.  Again, I have no
explanation for this unusual behavior.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-07 12:55:30
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
SANDY SANDFORT sez:
That's all very nice, but I should point out that I have not yet
seen my message to which you are responding on the filtered list. Others mileage may vary.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-07 12:58:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
It just trickled into my mailbox.  I take that back.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:19:13
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
It just trickled into my mailbox.  I take that back.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:20:59
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
SANDY SANDFORT sez:
That's all very nice, but I should point out that I have not yet
seen my message to which you are responding on the filtered list. Others mileage may vary.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-11 10:56:51
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Cocksucker Gilmore's Big Adventure 
> Sandy hit a pothole in the moderation experiment when Mr.
 > Nemesis submitted a posting containing nothing but libelous
 > statements about Sandy's employer.  He never anticipated
 > that he wouldn't be able to follow his announced "post it to
 > one list or the other" policy because to do so would make
 > him legally liable (in his opinion; he's a lawyer, I'm not).
 > His gears jammed, and the whole machine came to a halt for a
 > few days.
A person who has a fiduciary responsiblity to act in the best
interests of some corporate entity should not be moderating a
mailing list where said entity and its various products might be
This is called "conflict of interest." Your eagerness to leap
into moderated mode by fiat would better have been preceeded by
one or two clues.  But then, if you were a particularly clueful
person, you would not have made a fool of yourself by forcibly
unsuscriving Dr. Vulis in the first place, and precipitating the
chain of events that resulted in the current meltdown.
 > Sandy has agreed to continue moderation through the end of the
 > original 1-month experiment (through Feb 19).  And it's a good
 > thing, too, because the "cypherpunks community" had better get
 > off its whining butt in the next ten days, or it will no longer
 > exist.
Ten days notice to relocate a high volume mailing list is
insufficient.  This is yet another ultimatum by a whining coward
who does not yet realize he is in a battle he is not going to win
by escalation of reciprocal pissing.
 > I've come to the conclusion that I'm not willing to host the
 > cypherpunks list any more.
And we've all come to the conclusion that you are a flaming prat
prone to irate temper tantrums.  Big surprise.
You know, I've always been a big non-fan of John Gilmore.  I know
you're the co-founder of the EFF and the alt Usenet hierarchy,
and a well-known and respected mouthpiece on the topics of
communications policy, censorship, privacy, and free speech in
certain circles.
But almost every single piece of private communication I've seen
from you has given me the impression that you are an arrogant
self-centered nasty little excuse for a man, unwilling to listen
to any opinion that doesn't agree with your own, and quite
willing to heap any amount of ridicule and derision on
dissenters, while trying at the same time to blame them for your
In short, a person I would avoid like the plague in real life,
and tolerate only rarely through the insulation of an IP
 > A large fraction of the list seems to think that "freedom
 > of speech" means that everyone is required to listen to
 > everyone else at all times.  That there can't be focused,
 > topical conversations in a society that has freedom of
 > speech.
Speak for yourself, John.  You obviously have no idea what or who
"Cypherpunks" are, and you are the last person on the face of the
earth who should be making proclamations about what "a large
fraction of the list" thinks.
 > There also seems to be a misunderstanding that freedom of
 > speech requires that people who want to speak already have a
 > place, set up and maintained by someone else, for them to
 > speak in.  If someone who's set up a speech-place decides it
 > isn't being used for its intended purpose, then they are a
 > censor, stopping all possibility of conversations.
There is a fundamental difference between choosing not to provide
a forum for someone to speak in, and in providing a forum for a
long period of time and then deciding one day to kick the podium
out from under the speaker in mid-sentence, or to edit the
speakers comments before distributing them.
 > Either you list denizens will, among yourselves, put in the
 > energy to build a new home for the list (and run it in
 > whatever way your volunteers want) by Feb 20, or the list
 > will cease to exist on Feb 20.
Gilmore the little dictator speaks again.
 > Sandy reports that he's changing his criteria for
 > moderation for the remainder of the experiment.  It was his
 > idea, and I approve.  The criteria now are:
Another sudden change in the topic of the list by fiat with no
discussion possible.  You should be ashamed of yourself for even
attaching the name "Cypherpunks" to this travesty of yours.  Why
not change the name to GilmorePunks, CocksuckerPunks, ToadyPunks,
or something more descriptive?
 > For me it's a sad thing that the community's willingness to
 > pull together has degenerated to the point where I feel
 > better off separating from the list.  I hope that others in
 > the community will create one or several alternatives that
 > work better.
 > John ["Cocksucker"] Gilmore
Your reputation capital is into the negative numbers now.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-14 09:04:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
[Fluffy Gilmore apologia by Declan expunged]
Two small points.
1.  The rift between Gilmore/EFF and Cypherpunks is hardly
    of recent origin, and dates back to when the EFF first
    demonstrated to horrified Cypherpunks that its policy
    would be one of appeasement and capitulation towards
    clearly unacceptable legislation.  This is all in the
    archives, including Tim May's essay on why he chose not
    to renew his EFF membership.
2.  The article fails to mention Gilmore's new nickname. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-14 10:26:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Good Bye Cypherpunks! 
Helpful hint:  Mung your email address in a way which will confuse
bots, but not humans.  "From: froomkin should work nicely.  This will
also eliminate mail from very clueless people.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-14 14:11:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
[Fluffy Gilmore apologia by Declan expunged]
Two small points.
1.  The rift between Gilmore/EFF and Cypherpunks is hardly
    of recent origin, and dates back to when the EFF first
    demonstrated to horrified Cypherpunks that its policy
    would be one of appeasement and capitulation towards
    clearly unacceptable legislation.  This is all in the
    archives, including Tim May's essay on why he chose not
    to renew his EFF membership.
2.  The article fails to mention Gilmore's new nickname. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:27:06
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Good Bye Cypherpunks! 
Helpful hint:  Mung your email address in a way which will confuse
bots, but not humans.  "From: froomkin should work nicely.  This will
also eliminate mail from very clueless people.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-15 18:22:56
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: (fwd) DES challenge organisation 
> How can this be enforced?  The RSADSI DES challenge is open
 > to all comers, and how do you prove that someone who finds
 > the key found it through this group effort?
 > I have a suspicion many people would be tempted to fill in
 > the RSA challenge form and email it in themselves.  $10,000
 > is a fair amount of money.
Of course they will.  If the unsearched portions of the keyspace
are published, you can just sit back until the odds go up and
then throw some CPU power at it.  There is no obligation on the
part of the individual who finds the key to not claim the prize
The issues of random keyspace assignment to protect against
sabotage and centralized monolithic server vs autonomous client
have been debated on the "muffin" list, where I have been
lurking, but the people in charge seem to like explicit keyspace
partitioning and servers a lot.
Should be an interesting effort.
By the way, does anyone know if des-challenge at muffin.org is
alive?  I haven't seen any messages from it in over a day and
majordomo is not responding to inquiries.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-15 20:33:39
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Where is the reorg FAQ? 
To spam propagation islands, it might be a good idea to crosspost to
alt.privacy when posting to alt.cypherpunks.  It will probably take a week
or two before everyone who is going to create the group on their news
server gets around to it.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-15 22:41:16
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: (fwd) DES challenge organisation 
> How can this be enforced?  The RSADSI DES challenge is open
 > to all comers, and how do you prove that someone who finds
 > the key found it through this group effort?
 > I have a suspicion many people would be tempted to fill in
 > the RSA challenge form and email it in themselves.  $10,000
 > is a fair amount of money.
Of course they will.  If the unsearched portions of the keyspace
are published, you can just sit back until the odds go up and
then throw some CPU power at it.  There is no obligation on the
part of the individual who finds the key to not claim the prize
The issues of random keyspace assignment to protect against
sabotage and centralized monolithic server vs autonomous client
have been debated on the "muffin" list, where I have been
lurking, but the people in charge seem to like explicit keyspace
partitioning and servers a lot.
Should be an interesting effort.
By the way, does anyone know if des-challenge at muffin.org is
alive?  I haven't seen any messages from it in over a day and
majordomo is not responding to inquiries.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-15 22:56:26
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: (fwd) DES challenge organisation 
> How can this be enforced?  The RSADSI DES challenge is open
 > to all comers, and how do you prove that someone who finds
 > the key found it through this group effort?
 > I have a suspicion many people would be tempted to fill in
 > the RSA challenge form and email it in themselves.  $10,000
 > is a fair amount of money.
Of course they will.  If the unsearched portions of the keyspace
are published, you can just sit back until the odds go up and
then throw some CPU power at it.  There is no obligation on the
part of the individual who finds the key to not claim the prize
The issues of random keyspace assignment to protect against
sabotage and centralized monolithic server vs autonomous client
have been debated on the "muffin" list, where I have been
lurking, but the people in charge seem to like explicit keyspace
partitioning and servers a lot.
Should be an interesting effort.
By the way, does anyone know if des-challenge at muffin.org is
alive?  I haven't seen any messages from it in over a day and
majordomo is not responding to inquiries.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-15 23:03:03
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Where is the reorg FAQ? 
To spam propagation islands, it might be a good idea to crosspost to
alt.privacy when posting to alt.cypherpunks.  It will probably take a week
or two before everyone who is going to create the group on their news
server gets around to it.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-22 09:36:14
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Security hole in Solaris 2.5 (sdtcm_convert) + exploit 
Horrors no!  Where would Unix be without symbolic links and race conditions?  This is cute, in that rather than having to mung a symbolic link on
the fly, the program conveniently asks for user input with suid set,
and then pauses while you set the trap.  Good work.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-02-22 23:38:28
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Dark Times Ahead 
The Supremes can bypass the First Ammendment anytime they choose by simply
mumbling something about "society's overwhelming interest in protecting
itself." Indeed, the plethora of regulation against various forms of "bad" speech
concerning children and their sexuality is the clearest example of this,
with the Knox "clothed child porn" decision, and the recent Hatch nonsense
making any suggestion of underage sexual activity illegal, regardless of
whether underaged models were involved in its production. I expect textual material will be outlawed in a few years as well, as a
"loophole" in the current laws, since real children no longer have to be
associated with such material in order for it to be deemed harmful. Once that happens, a whole bunch of other things will probably be outlawed
shortly thereafter, the criteria being that they are certainly as
dangerous as an illicit copy of "Aunt Sue and the Horny Paperboy." Expect bombmaking instructions, anti-government tracts, cryptography, and
most Loompanics books to be included here. The frog is nearly boiled.  If the Mother of all Constitutional Challenges
hasn't happened by now, it isn't going to.  This is a country that throws
grad students in prison for possessing films of young girls doing
gymnastics.  What makes you think unescrowed cryptography has some special
hallowed status? The First Ammendment is useless, as there are clear counterexamples to
unlimited free speech.  That makes it a matter of interpretation, and the
courts will interpret it according to the existing level of public
hysteria.  The Fourth Ammendment only guarantees us "due process."  We do
not, as some countries do, have a strong privacy provision written into
our Constitution.  I have always held that a well-written privacy
provision keeping the government out of peoples homes and personal possessions is worth ten First Ammendments.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-04 22:43:31
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
LOL.  Just another normal day here on Dimitripunks. :)
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-06 18:56:59
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: The Upcoming DES Challenge 
> 1. I'm astonished at the low level of reaction RSA's
 > announcement that they will be sponsoring a DES Challenge,
 > with a $10,000 cash prize.
I'm certainly jumping up and down and cheering.  I said a while
back that the life expectancy of DES would be about two weeks if
anyone forked over serious cash.
I'm also pleased to see they will be offering prizes for trying
to break Ron Rivest's new RC5 cipher, which scrambles using data
dependent rotates as its only non-linear operation.  This is very
speedy, and if it turns out to be robust, will be a nice fast
efficient drop-in replacement for most other popular block
 > I've been working with people at RSA to get this set up. It looks
 > like there'll be an ascii-plaintext challenge (we won't know the
 > full plaintext - just that it's ascii, and long enough to be
 > unambigious), and the full prize will go the first person who
 > emails them the key.
Ick.  Why overly complexify things?  A known plaintext attack
would be far more straightforward.  After all, the goal is to
recover the key, not the message.  Having to find a key which
decrypts to something having all high bits clear will discourage
people who might want to take a crack at this independent of the
canned program you are going to distribute.
 > It will NOT run as a screen saver.
Too bad.  The screensaver paradigm is something the unwashed
masses can easily understand.
 > The very first time it is started up on a given machine, if
 > it is not given a specific chunk at which to start, it will
 > pick one at random. The checkpointing scheme means that on
 > later runs, it will pick up where it left off, advancing to
 > the next chunk as it completes each one.
This is VERY IMPORTANT.  Unlike factoring problems, where the
data supplied by people can be checked in a small fraction of the
CPU time used to generate it, searching a keyspace is very
vulnerable to sabotage or stupidity on the part of the people
doing the searching.  It is well worth the extra factor of 2-3 to
guarantee that the exercise will eventually terminate.
Sounds good, but I would prefer matching plaintext and ciphertext
with the goal of recovering the key.  This is really the
situation that would exist for someone tapping financial data on
a line, and knowing the plaintext of a transaction he
deliberately generated for testing purposes.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 14:40:24
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [STEGO] Sphere packings 
Uh, is this the filtered or the unfiltered list?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 14:55:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: I beg you, PLEASE prove that 0.123456789101112131415 is IRRATIONAL (fwd) 
This seems a tad circular, as the real number line, from which line segments are constructed, is a copy of the set of real numbers. One can construct the reals from the rationals quite easily using any
of several well-known methods, such as equivalence classes of Cauchy sequences, or Dedikind cuts.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 18:23:19
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] 
> In reference to numbers which you can't describe, if you
 > examine the work they are ALL in the Complex domain, none of
 > them are Real's.
Only countably many real numbers, or members of any uncountable
set, are denumerable. It is the property of being uncountable,
rather than of being real or complex, which is important here.
In general, only countably many members of any uncountable set
can be precisely specified within any formal system, given names
comprised of strings of symbols, or other similar things.
 > Complex numbers deal with areas, not with lengths.
It is often convenient, such as when drawing contour maps, to
consider the complex numbers to be in 1-1 correspondence with the
points of the plane.  However, I wouldn't necessarily consider
regions of the complex plane to have "area" in the Euclidian
 > If there existed a Real for which we could not describe
 > this would imply that we could not draw a line of that
 > length.
We can't physically draw a line segment to arbitrary high
precision. We can conceive of the notion of line segments being
in 1-1 correspondence with the reals, but we can specify at most
countably many "finitely denumerable" line segments if we wish to
discuss their lengths individually.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 19:30:38
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] 
>> One can construct the reals from the rationals quite easily
 >> using any of several well-known methods, such as
 >> equivalence classes of Cauchy sequences, or Dedikind cuts.
 > So you are saying that the Reals are a subset (ie can be
 > constructed from) of the Rationals?
Yes, the Reals can be constructed from the Rationals.  No, the
Reals are not a subset of the Rationals.
Fortunately, construction in mathematics is not simply limited to
the taking of subsets.  The Rationals can be constructed from the
Integers, for instance, by multiplication and the taking of
appropriate equivalence classes.
In fact, everything can be built out of two sets and the axioms
of Set Theory.
 > I can create a number which is not representable by the
 > ratio of two integers from two numbers which are
 > representable by ratios of two integers?
Er, no.  But you can create a number which is not representable
as a fraction as a limit point of very many fractions.
 > That's a nifty trick indeed, I am really impressed.
Thank-you. :)
 > Cauchy produced a test for testing convergence. I fail to
 > see the relevance here, but please expound...
Cauchy sequences are useful for adding limit points to a set of
things because their convergence criteria is very simple, and it
is conceptually easy to take all Cauchy sequences whose elements
come from a given set.
If we then consider equivalence classes of those Cauchy sequences
which converge to the same limit, and consider an element of the
original set to correspond to the class containing the sequence
all of whose members are that element, we can consider the
classes to form a "completion" of the original set by addition of
all its limit points.
Similarly, the Reals are the completion of the Rationals.
 > Dedekind Cut:
 > "Thus a nested sequence of rational intervals give rise to
 > a seperation of all rational numbers into three classes."
 > Just exactly where does this allow us to create Reals?
Finite ordered sets have maximum elements.  Bounded infinite
ordered sets have Least Upper Bounds, which may be a limit point
as opposed to being an actual member of the set.
Dedekind Cuts are a simple abstraction, often used to construct
the Reals from the Rationals in undergraduate calculus courses.
Conceptually, one makes a single "cut" in the set of Rationals,
dividing it into two parts, all of the members of one part being
greater than all of the members of the other.  The number of ways
of doing this correspond to the Reals.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 19:55:29
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] 
>> One can construct the reals from the rationals quite easily
 >> using any of several well-known methods, such as
 >> equivalence classes of Cauchy sequences, or Dedikind cuts.
 > So you are saying that the Reals are a subset (ie can be
 > constructed from) of the Rationals?
Yes, the Reals can be constructed from the Rationals.  No, the
Reals are not a subset of the Rationals.
Fortunately, construction in mathematics is not simply limited to
the taking of subsets.  The Rationals can be constructed from the
Integers, for instance, by multiplication and the taking of
appropriate equivalence classes.
In fact, everything can be built out of two sets and the axioms
of Set Theory.
 > I can create a number which is not representable by the
 > ratio of two integers from two numbers which are
 > representable by ratios of two integers?
Er, no.  But you can create a number which is not representable
as a fraction as a limit point of very many fractions.
 > That's a nifty trick indeed, I am really impressed.
Thank-you. :)
 > Cauchy produced a test for testing convergence. I fail to
 > see the relevance here, but please expound...
Cauchy sequences are useful for adding limit points to a set of
things because their convergence criteria is very simple, and it
is conceptually easy to take all Cauchy sequences whose elements
come from a given set.
If we then consider equivalence classes of those Cauchy sequences
which converge to the same limit, and consider an element of the
original set to correspond to the class containing the sequence
all of whose members are that element, we can consider the
classes to form a "completion" of the original set by addition of
all its limit points.
Similarly, the Reals are the completion of the Rationals.
 > Dedekind Cut:
 > "Thus a nested sequence of rational intervals give rise to
 > a seperation of all rational numbers into three classes."
 > Just exactly where does this allow us to create Reals?
Finite ordered sets have maximum elements.  Bounded infinite
ordered sets have Least Upper Bounds, which may be a limit point
as opposed to being an actual member of the set.
Dedekind Cuts are a simple abstraction, often used to construct
the Reals from the Rationals in undergraduate calculus courses.
Conceptually, one makes a single "cut" in the set of Rationals,
dividing it into two parts, all of the members of one part being
greater than all of the members of the other.  The number of ways
of doing this correspond to the Reals.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 23:35:25
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
> An arbitrary Real can be constructed from the Rationals. If
 > we accept the proposition, as posed apparently by you and
 > others, of uncountable Reals then your 'assumption' fails,
 > otherwise the 'uncountable' members would be countable.
We can construct the Reals from the Rationals without having to
speak of each specific Real while doing so.  A formal system,
having only a countable number of strings of symbols from its
alphabet, can speak of "The Real Numbers" even though it cannot
speak of "The Real Number X" for every single X in the Reals.
 > A 'limit point' is not the same as 'equal to'. Arbitrarily
 > close is not equivalent, inherent in the definition of a
 > limit point is the concept of 'little o' and 'big o', or
 > worded differently our axiomatic definition of infinity.
In standard analysis, the limit of a sequence A[n] is a value x
such that given any positive epsilon, no matter how small, we can
find a point in the sequence such that all its members after that
point are within epsilon of x.
Such a limit, if it exists, is unique and exactly defined.
"Little o" and "big o" are concepts from complexity theory and I
am not precisely sure why you feel they need to be mentioned.
 > I can, but there is no fundamental rule in mathematics
 > that requires me to ignore the small but distinct
 > difference between the element in the original set and the
 > sequences used to approximate it.
In the general case, the limit point will not be a member of the
sequence which approximates it.  Although every member of the
sequence is a finite distance away from the limit, the limit
itself is, as I previously mentioned, exactly known without any
 > It is something that must be agreed upon by accepting a
 > particular axiomatic definition of infinity.
An "infinity" is simply the property of being able to be put in
1-1 correspondence with a proper subset of oneself.
 > The number of cuts are 1-to-1 with the Reals, they are not
 > the Reals. There is no way I can make a cut which is
 > 3.1527, only 1-to-1 with the number(s). Important
 > distinction.
Mathematical objects are sets with structure.  We generally
consider two mathematical objects equivalent if there exists a
1-1 correspondence between the respective sets which is structure
preserving. What the actual members of the set are, and how they
were constructed, is usually unimportant.  For all practical
purposes we may refer to any mathematical object isomorphic to
the Reals as "The Reals", without any confusion.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-19 23:36:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
> In short you are saying there are Reals which can not be
 > expressed in the format:
 >  AmEm + Am-1Em-1 + ... + A0E0 . B0E-1 + B1E-2 + ... + BnE-n+1
 > where m and n -> infinity. Another way of saying this is
 > that there are Reals for which membership in a set of Reals,
 > because they are uncountable and therefore unrepresentable,
 > is not possible. From a set perspective this means,
Again, we may speak of a representation for the Reals within a
formal system, although we may not speak of "The Representation
of X" for every single Real X.
We cannot assign to every Real a finite representation, but we
can talk about the infinite representation all Reals have within
a formal system without running out of space.
The inability of a formal system to talk about each Real
individually, or equivalently, that there are Real numbers which
are not finitely denumerable, does not mean that there are Reals
which do not have an representation as a non-ending sequence of
 > R = [[-infinity, ..., m] [n, ..., 0] [0, ..., p] [q, ..., +infinity]]
 > such that there are uncountable numbers between m,n or p,q; etc.
Infinity does not have a predecessor, so it makes no sense to
count back from it a finite number of steps.
 > Clearly in contradiction with the base axioms of
 > mathematics as described by Euclid in defining a line.
This point completely escapes me.
 > And I contend that ANY number which is Real can be
 > expressed by the decimal expansion above. Which clearly
 > qualifies as a formal system.
Useful formal systems employ finite strings from some alphabet.
The set of all possible such strings is countable.  The set of
all sequences from the same alphabet is uncountable, but not
particularly useful for theorem-proving, at least in a finite
amount of time.
 > To say there are Reals for which there is no linear
 > representation is the same as saying there are lengths which
 > can't be measured. Now since a line is nothing but a set of
 > points, which don't have size, but only position this
 > obviously holds no water, unless you are saying it is not
 > possible to place two points arbitrarily close together,
 > which would imply that points have some sort of width,
 > clearly against the definition of a point.
No.  Points do not have width.
 > This all goes back to what I said in a earlier post, the
 > problem comes from our axiomatic (ie taken on faith,
 > unprovable) use of infinity. Without a clear and precise
 > dilineation of those axioms prior to the proof such
 > conclusions are worthless.
In Axiomatic Set Theory, it is necessary to postulate (either
implicitly or explicitly) the existance of one infinite set. This
is an act of faith.  Whether any infinities really exist is a
matter for philosophy.
 > Several of you have said "infinity is not a number", this
 > is an axiom. Change the axioms and the whole structure
 > changes. I am simply saying that perhaps we should look at
 > the "infinity is not a number" axiom, much as geometers look
 > at Euclids Fifth Postulate. There is nothing inherent in
 > nature that prefers one axiomatic expression of infinity
 > over the other.
If one constructs the Ordinals, which are isomorphism classes of
well-ordered sets, and the Cardinals, which are equivalence
classes of equipotent sets, one will automatically end up with
all sorts of transfinite numbers.  We normally don't include
infinities when we build the rationals, the reals, or the complex
numbers, unless we need them for a particular application, such
as in using the extended real number line in defining measures.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:12:20
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
> In short you are saying there are Reals which can not be
 > expressed in the format:
 >  AmEm + Am-1Em-1 + ... + A0E0 . B0E-1 + B1E-2 + ... + BnE-n+1
 > where m and n -> infinity. Another way of saying this is
 > that there are Reals for which membership in a set of Reals,
 > because they are uncountable and therefore unrepresentable,
 > is not possible. From a set perspective this means,
Again, we may speak of a representation for the Reals within a
formal system, although we may not speak of "The Representation
of X" for every single Real X.
We cannot assign to every Real a finite representation, but we
can talk about the infinite representation all Reals have within
a formal system without running out of space.
The inability of a formal system to talk about each Real
individually, or equivalently, that there are Real numbers which
are not finitely denumerable, does not mean that there are Reals
which do not have an representation as a non-ending sequence of
 > R = [[-infinity, ..., m] [n, ..., 0] [0, ..., p] [q, ..., +infinity]]
 > such that there are uncountable numbers between m,n or p,q; etc.
Infinity does not have a predecessor, so it makes no sense to
count back from it a finite number of steps.
 > Clearly in contradiction with the base axioms of
 > mathematics as described by Euclid in defining a line.
This point completely escapes me.
 > And I contend that ANY number which is Real can be
 > expressed by the decimal expansion above. Which clearly
 > qualifies as a formal system.
Useful formal systems employ finite strings from some alphabet.
The set of all possible such strings is countable.  The set of
all sequences from the same alphabet is uncountable, but not
particularly useful for theorem-proving, at least in a finite
amount of time.
 > To say there are Reals for which there is no linear
 > representation is the same as saying there are lengths which
 > can't be measured. Now since a line is nothing but a set of
 > points, which don't have size, but only position this
 > obviously holds no water, unless you are saying it is not
 > possible to place two points arbitrarily close together,
 > which would imply that points have some sort of width,
 > clearly against the definition of a point.
No.  Points do not have width.
 > This all goes back to what I said in a earlier post, the
 > problem comes from our axiomatic (ie taken on faith,
 > unprovable) use of infinity. Without a clear and precise
 > dilineation of those axioms prior to the proof such
 > conclusions are worthless.
In Axiomatic Set Theory, it is necessary to postulate (either
implicitly or explicitly) the existance of one infinite set. This
is an act of faith.  Whether any infinities really exist is a
matter for philosophy.
 > Several of you have said "infinity is not a number", this
 > is an axiom. Change the axioms and the whole structure
 > changes. I am simply saying that perhaps we should look at
 > the "infinity is not a number" axiom, much as geometers look
 > at Euclids Fifth Postulate. There is nothing inherent in
 > nature that prefers one axiomatic expression of infinity
 > over the other.
If one constructs the Ordinals, which are isomorphism classes of
well-ordered sets, and the Cardinals, which are equivalence
classes of equipotent sets, one will automatically end up with
all sorts of transfinite numbers.  We normally don't include
infinities when we build the rationals, the reals, or the complex
numbers, unless we need them for a particular application, such
as in using the extended real number line in defining measures.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:15:40
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
> An arbitrary Real can be constructed from the Rationals. If
 > we accept the proposition, as posed apparently by you and
 > others, of uncountable Reals then your 'assumption' fails,
 > otherwise the 'uncountable' members would be countable.
We can construct the Reals from the Rationals without having to
speak of each specific Real while doing so.  A formal system,
having only a countable number of strings of symbols from its
alphabet, can speak of "The Real Numbers" even though it cannot
speak of "The Real Number X" for every single X in the Reals.
 > A 'limit point' is not the same as 'equal to'. Arbitrarily
 > close is not equivalent, inherent in the definition of a
 > limit point is the concept of 'little o' and 'big o', or
 > worded differently our axiomatic definition of infinity.
In standard analysis, the limit of a sequence A[n] is a value x
such that given any positive epsilon, no matter how small, we can
find a point in the sequence such that all its members after that
point are within epsilon of x.
Such a limit, if it exists, is unique and exactly defined.
"Little o" and "big o" are concepts from complexity theory and I
am not precisely sure why you feel they need to be mentioned.
 > I can, but there is no fundamental rule in mathematics
 > that requires me to ignore the small but distinct
 > difference between the element in the original set and the
 > sequences used to approximate it.
In the general case, the limit point will not be a member of the
sequence which approximates it.  Although every member of the
sequence is a finite distance away from the limit, the limit
itself is, as I previously mentioned, exactly known without any
 > It is something that must be agreed upon by accepting a
 > particular axiomatic definition of infinity.
An "infinity" is simply the property of being able to be put in
1-1 correspondence with a proper subset of oneself.
 > The number of cuts are 1-to-1 with the Reals, they are not
 > the Reals. There is no way I can make a cut which is
 > 3.1527, only 1-to-1 with the number(s). Important
 > distinction.
Mathematical objects are sets with structure.  We generally
consider two mathematical objects equivalent if there exists a
1-1 correspondence between the respective sets which is structure
preserving. What the actual members of the set are, and how they
were constructed, is usually unimportant.  For all practical
purposes we may refer to any mathematical object isomorphic to
the Reals as "The Reals", without any confusion.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-20 09:04:25
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Slow Cypherpunk Day 
Is cypherpunks-outgoing-ksiuw at toad.com where articles should be sent
to bypass the censors?
   Testing 1 2 3...
   Cocksucker Armenian Mayonaise Gilmore Faggot Crypto
   Testing 1 2 3...
We now return you to your regular programming...
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-20 10:28:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
> If infinity does not have predecessors (ie is immune to
 > normal arithmetic operations) then it is not possible for a
 > sequence to approach it by adding a finite amount to
 > succesive terms in order to approach it. This means that a
 > sequence can not meaningfuly be asymptotic with infinity
 > (meaning I have to be able to draw a asymptote, at least in
 > theory, in order to demonstrate the limit).
 > If infinity is not a number, how is it possible to have a
 > definite number (ie transfinite) which is larger than it?
 > My contention is that number theory as you present it is
 > playing fast and loose with the concept of infinity not
 > being a number or visa versa.
The problem here is that the terms "infinity" and "number" are
used to refer to many different things in mathematics.  We use
"infinity" as a term for transfinite Cardinals and Ordinals, but
also use it when describing convergence on the reals, to indicate
that a sequence increases without bound.  We use it in calculus
to describe the limits of integration over all real numbers, a
set which does not include any infinite numbers at all.
Similar we use the term "number" to refer to Cardinals, Ordinals,
Reals, Integers, Complex, Quaternians, or whatever, hoping that
what we mean by it will be clear from the context.
With respect to the Real numbers, infinity is not a number, but
simply a way of saying something increases without bound or that
we wish to include all the positive or negative reals when
performing some mathematical operation.
With regard to Ordinals and Cardinals, not only is infinity a
number, but there are an uncountable number of different
infinities, which cannot be placed in 1-1 correspondence with
each other.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-01-20 11:13:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
> If infinity does not have predecessors (ie is immune to
 > normal arithmetic operations) then it is not possible for a
 > sequence to approach it by adding a finite amount to
 > succesive terms in order to approach it. This means that a
 > sequence can not meaningfuly be asymptotic with infinity
 > (meaning I have to be able to draw a asymptote, at least in
 > theory, in order to demonstrate the limit).
 > If infinity is not a number, how is it possible to have a
 > definite number (ie transfinite) which is larger than it?
 > My contention is that number theory as you present it is
 > playing fast and loose with the concept of infinity not
 > being a number or visa versa.
The problem here is that the terms "infinity" and "number" are
used to refer to many different things in mathematics.  We use
"infinity" as a term for transfinite Cardinals and Ordinals, but
also use it when describing convergence on the reals, to indicate
that a sequence increases without bound.  We use it in calculus
to describe the limits of integration over all real numbers, a
set which does not include any infinite numbers at all.
Similar we use the term "number" to refer to Cardinals, Ordinals,
Reals, Integers, Complex, Quaternians, or whatever, hoping that
what we mean by it will be clear from the context.
With respect to the Real numbers, infinity is not a number, but
simply a way of saying something increases without bound or that
we wish to include all the positive or negative reals when
performing some mathematical operation.
With regard to Ordinals and Cardinals, not only is infinity a
number, but there are an uncountable number of different
infinities, which cannot be placed in 1-1 correspondence with
each other.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-02 13:10:32
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Creating a unique ID number for a dollar 
Our Fearless Leader Writes:
Hmmmmm.  How about taking a dollar, appropriating its serial number for
your personal number, and then burning the dollar to prevent reuse. Cost, one dollar.  Is burning a dollar a felony?
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-03 04:31:31
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Guilty Verdict in Denver Show Trial 
Guilty on all 11 counts, of course. Of course, once you eliminate the testimony coerced by holding witnesses
for days and threatening them with the death penalty, the "bomb residue"
invented by the FBI Crime Lab, and numerous other things, nothing even
places the defendent at the site of the explosion, much less proves he was
responsible for it. Of course, to have the correct psychological effect on the Sheeple, it is
not necessary that the government convict and execute the prepetrator. Killing any government-hating militia-friendly scapegoat will do. For extra credit, let's have a pool to predict the number of federal
buildings which will blow up on the day of the execution.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-03 08:14:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: May's Banal Rant 
That's "Crypto Anarchy."
I'll put reading the latest EPIC (spit) publication on my list of very
important things to do, right after donating copiously to the National
Brotherhood of Jackbooted Thugs, and having my private parts steam-cleaned
by Cocksucker John Gilmore. Armchair activists indeed.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-03 11:02:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: McVeigh 
One of the major flaws of the Criminal Justice System in this country is
that one can only appeal based on procedural issues.  No one, after a
trial has concluded, may ever challenge the trial verdict. They may only
argue that the proper ritual was not followed, and higher courts are very
reluctant to disagree with the actions of lower courts, preferring instead
to state that the errors committed would likely not have affected the
outcome. It gets even worse than that.  Many states, Texas amongst them, have a
time limit for the introduction of new evidence after a trial, even if it
completely exonerates the defendent, and are prefectly willing to execute
someone as long as they have been given "due process," even if it has been
clearly demonstrated that they are not guilty. Thus the Sheeple are led by their politicians to ridicule the numerous
often-frivilous appeals defendents engage in, irrespective of the fact
that frivilous appeals are the only ones allowed under law, the defendant
having no right at all to suggest that twelve Sheeple being performed for
by the local prosecutor produced something other than a Biblically inerant
verdict. McVeigh therefore has no chance at all at getting another hearing on the
facts of the case.  He might claim that the confidential attorney/client
work product stolen from the defense team computer on the eve of the trial
and touted in papers nationwide as a "confession"  poisoned the jury pool. But even that has little luck at succeeding. The only difference between Tim McVeigh and Richard Jewell is that the
government stopped the hatchet job on Jewell in midstream.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-04 07:39:22
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: McVeigh 
No government can afford to behave in a way that outrages large numbers of
citizen-units, and provokes action on the part of the less mentally stable
ones.  Janet Reno sealed the fate of the federal building on the day that
she took action which resulted in numerous children being incinerated,
just so she could win a dicksizing contest with a religious extremist. I worry a lot more about the behavior of the United States, the nation
that never apologizes, the arms merchant to the world, five percent of the
population of the world that thinks it has the Manifest Destiny to dictate
to the other ninety five percent, than I worry about whether such behavior
inspired little Timmy McVeigh and others of his ilk to set off a truck
bomb. I think the odds are about 50/50 between McVeigh being the bomber, and
McVeigh being the first anti-government extremist sap the Feds tripped
over after their precious building blew up.  It's not as if we have the
ability to make that distinction given coerced testimony from friends,
planned leaks, and invented testimony from the FBI crime lab, all of which
could have been easily manufactured for an arbitrary suspect. Maybe McVeigh blew up the building, and maybe he didn't.  Like the Kennedy
assassination, the official version of the facts is now all that exists. Along with many Vietnamese children, Granadian children, Panamanian
children, and Quadaffi's baby.  At least in Oklahoma city, we didn't have
marines bulldozing the bodies of dead civilians into trenches to make
everything neat and tidy before the press arrived. Yes, Oklahoma city was unfortunate.  It was not remarkable or unexpected. If the government deliberately kills Tim Mcveigh, it will not bring back a
single dead person.  It will just demonstrate that we have a government
that deliberately kills people.  But then, we knew that already, didn't
we?      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-04 09:05:17
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Who "invented" remailers? 
I think the current level of remailer difficulty is just fine, thank-you. There is nothing inherently wrong in requiring a partial clue in order to
use a remailer successfully.  Services that the inbred can use too easily
generally get nuked due to excessive public attention.  Mailmasher strikes
me as one recent obvious example. For technology to have a reasonable lifetime, it must have functionality
somewhere in between impossible to use, and "click here to threaten the
life of the president."      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-07 05:02:00
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Thomases lose appeal in second case 
> Remember the Amateur Action BBS case from 1994, when Robert
 > Thomas got convicted by a Federal court in Tennessee for
 > distributing pornography on his BBS in California?
Yes, indeed.  Some outraged citizen in Tennessee bitched that he
carried nudist pictures of minors on the BBS.  Those weren't
illegal, but an enterprising federal agent then joined the BBS in
an attempt to screw the Thomases.  He sent them unsolicited child
porn, used it as an excuse to raid their residence and seize all
their equipment, and finally got a conviction over some
bestiality pictures which were technically illegal in Tennessee,
although such material could be found in local porn shops only a
few blocks from the prosecutor's offices.
 > Well, he was also prosecuted in Utah for distributing
 > pornography from the BBS (the Merc doesn't say if it was a
 > state or federal prosecution, but it looks like state), and
 > he just lost his appeal in Federal court.
After the feds finished giving the Thomases an anal reaming in
Tennessee, they recalled that Utah was one of the few states
conservative enough (along with Ohio, I believe) to include all
nude depictions of minors in its child pornography statutes. They
then arranged to have the Thomases dragged from Tennessee to Utah
to be reamed again, this time by the Mormons.
 > One of his defense arguments was double jeopardy, and the
 > court rejected that because the Utah court busted him for
 > different pictures than the Tennessee court.
Right.  Tennessee busted him for bestiality pics.  Utah busted
him for pictures of happy children playing outdoors au natural.
Of course naked children were really the hidden agenda behind the
Tennessee prosecution too, if the truth be known.
 > While distributing child pornography is reprehensible, it's
 > still none of Utah's business;
The hardcore child porn business is reprehensible.  The nude
children playing tennis business less so, depending upon ones
religious and political affiliation, of course.
 > the ACLU lawyer defending Thomas says there's no evidence
 > that any Utah citizens actually downloaded any (except the
 > police).
The appeals courts are going to play hardball with the Thomases
until they repent and shut down their BBS, which no longer does
business with the states of Utah, North Carolina, and Tennessee.
"Continuing to engage in the enterprise" has been cited in a
former appeals court ruling as a reason why the long prison
sentences given the Thomases were supposedly justified.
I believe it was George Wallace who commented that the United
States was in reality run by "Thugs and Federal Judges."
I tend to agree.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-07 08:28:12
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Trash your Enemy's Server 
[C program which allegedly does a DoS attack on a server]
I thought the correct way to do this was to spew packets with random
return addresses and fill up the host's listen table with half open TCP
connections waiting to time out. Opening 1,000 genuine TCP connections to a host wastes both the host's
resources as well as yours, and is a tad obvious should your target
log packets with your IP address in them.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-07 13:27:15
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption 
An interesting twist on rubber hose decryption in the case of the
murder of Jonathan Levin, son of the top executive of media
giant Time Warner.
Police believe his ATM card was stolen, and he was then jabbed
with a steak knife until he revealed the PIN.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-07 14:56:29
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption 
>> An interesting twist on rubber hose decryption in the case
 >> of the murder of Jonathan Levin, son of the top executive of
 >> media giant Time Warner.
 >> Police believe his ATM card was stolen, and he was then
 >> jabbed with a steak knife until he revealed the PIN.
 > This brings up a question. Did these robbers kill him right
 > after they found out the answer, or they first tried to
 > withdraw money to check if his number was right?
 > This brings up a question on the strategy in this game.
 > Suppose I am captured by ruthless robbers. They ask me for a
 > number and torture me. They will torture me as long as
 > necessary until I give out the correct number, and then
 > they kill me.
 > Assuming that I am rational and prefer torture to death, I
 > should not tell them the right number and delay the
 > process, with the hope that possibly the police will come
 > and rescue me.
 > Assuming that robbers are rational and know that I am
 > rational, they certainly should not put me in such
 > position: if they do, they are going to waste a lot of
 > precious time and have no chance of getting the money.
 > So, they should promise me that they would not kill me.
 > But how would I believe them? A rational robber should kill
 > the victim after she gets the money.
 > I am not quite clear if rational people can get something
 > out of torturing other rational people. Maybe, I am
 > confused and wrong somewhere.
 > Maybe, if the robber can convince the victim that she
 > (robber) is irrational and would hold on to her promise not
 > to kill him, she could get the money. But how to do that?
This is a kind of a Prisoner's Dilemma type game-theoretic
problem. Each side desires to maximize their mathematical
expectation, which is the sum of their expected return for each
possible behavior of their opponent times the probability that
behavior will occur.  One may assume that one has an intelligent
opponent who can also analyze the game.
The robbers can either promise to let their victim live after the
PIN has been extracted, or not.  Once torture has produced a PIN,
and it has been tested in the ATM, they can either kill their
victim or not kill him.
The victim can either give the PIN before major damage is done,
or he can hold out until he either dies or rescue arrives.
For the robbers, the money is a small return, and getting charged
with murder should the police arrive right after the victim has
been terminated is a big loss.  Letting the victim live to
identify the robbers is a medium sized loss, but killing the
victim and getting away with it is no loss at all. For the
victim, the loss of some money is a small loss, and the loss of
ones life is a big loss.
Now the only return for the robbers is the money, so anything
that doesn't result in the money is worse than not committing the
crime in the first place.  There is no incentive for the robbers
to say that they will kill you and not do it, so we can assume
the robbers will not lie about this.  A rational victim will
postphone death as long as possible, so it is always in the best
interests of the robbers to say that they will not kill the
This crime takes a very short amount of time to commit, so rescue
is unlikely.  Torture which results in either the PIN or mortal
injury can be carried out in under a minute.  If the PIN is not
disclosed, death will therefore result.  If the pin is disclosed,
you have a chance of living equal to the chance the robbers will
not kill you.
So the optimum strategy if both players have analyzed the game is
for the robbers to promise not to kill you, the victim to always
immediately give up the PIN, and then for the robbers to either
kill or not kill the victim, based on the relative penalty times
the chance of getting caught for each alternative.
There is nothing the victim can do to improve his chances, except
to hope he lives in a community where the penalty for robbery is
small compared to the penalty for murder, and that a
disproportionate amount of law enforcement resources are devoted
to solving murders, versus solving robberies.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-09 23:13:26
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Julf ordered to reveal anon IDs 
Wasn't the Penet anon database expunged when the service was discontinued? I'd hate to think anyone was dense enough to keep copies lying around, in
order to comply with frivilous Clam lawsuits in perpetuity. BTW, are the Clams still looking for crypographic consultants to decrypt
the Grady Ward files?  It has been a while since I have perused
alt.religion.elron.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-10 05:25:14
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: My War 
As with all hysterical people, the first words out of his mouth are a
pathetic attempt to suggest that anyone who doesn't agree with his
position is a consumer of whatever it is he disapproves of. While I certainly think that society has every right to enforce reasonable
workplace health and safety standards within the commercial porn industry,
including setting reasonable age limits for employment therein, the
current ban on any and all depictions of the sexuality of minors, even
synthetic ones, is clearly an ideological purge of speech certain people
are uncomfortable with, and not some glowing crusade to protect children
from harm. You're right.  Arrest Janet Reno immediately, and confiscate all motion
picture footage of the Waco child torchings. Sounds like someones socioerotic rehearsal play was severely limited
during their formative years.  Guaranteed every time to produce a cranky
neurotic who displaces sexual arousal into anger when confronted with
erotic imagery involving the young and emotionally healthy. Please post again when you have something to say about cryptography, and
try to stay away from the kiddie pool.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-06-10 14:10:45
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Response to "My War" 
Se7en recapitulates:
Straw man.  There is no evidence that such activities are being engaged
in, photographed, and uploaded to the Internet by the perpetrator. There is a huge difference between crimes being illegal, and crime scene
pictures being illegal in the possession of someone having no link
whatsoever to the original perpetrator. There is an even larger difference in scenes of very old non-crimes being
illegal in the possession of anyone whatsoever. All of these things get lumped under the general catch-all phrase "child
porn." Take the officer's name and badge number.  He needs to be fired.

@_date: 1997-03-05 09:49:15
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Master of disinformation 
> The rather large mass of Russian dung a.k.a. Dr.Dimitri
 > Vulis KOTM wrote
 >> John Gilmore lied.
 > Consider the irony of the Russian slime ball master of
 > disinformation (probably trained by the KGB), calling
 > someone *else* a liar.
Even a liar has to tell the truth sometimes, else he would not
be a very successful liar.  I'd trust our KOTM anyday over the
traitorous ex-cypherpunk and world-famous cocksucker John
"Hooverlips" Gilmore.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-02 08:57:40
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: New Israel 
Gordon  said:
: The predicate of NEW ISRAEL calls for the creation of a coexistent, with
: Israel, New Israel in the southern two thirds of the Baja Peninsula, south
: of California, in North America. Actually, I think a better plan would be to relocate Israel to New Jersey
and give the current Middle Eastern version back to the Arabs.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-05 01:20:09
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Rape, death and XS4ALL 
Blair has learned his Clinton lessons well.  When I see the evolution
of so-called multi-party systems where all candidates will fuck with
your rights equally well, it makes me wax fondly back to the old Soviet
Union.  Although there was only one party, the citizens were at least
able to vote "None of the Above."
I wonder how many seats would be filled in our government if the last
step in the electoral process was a ratification of a single candidate
by the voters.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-16 03:29:37
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Public Key Break Paper 
Just did.  It's crap. This alleged algorithm actually got pretty thoroughly trashed in sci.crypt
when it first came to light a few years back. It's a lot worse for large moduli than almost anything else out there, and
the author clearly has little understanding of the problem he is
attacking.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-19 03:05:15
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 beta is out at PGP.com 
Quite frankly, if PGP is now 5 meg of Lord-knows-what that won't even
execute from a command line under DOS, I think I will stay with version
2.6, whose contents I am familiar with. Just another shrink-wrapped box of GAK, until otherwise demonstrated.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-19 11:56:13
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Jim Bell goes to Jail! 
> IRS agents arrest Vancouver man who called for killing
 > federal workers
As I recall, Bell never called for anyone to be killed. He merely
suggested that the construction of anonymous wagering pools would
faciliate a market in the disposal of tyrants.
 > Federal agents since have focused on a Bell theory that
 > carbon fibers could be used to sabotage computer hard
 > drives, thus disabling them.  East confirmed Bell's interest
 > in using carbon fibers as a "computer killer" but dismissed
 > it as a "goofball idea."
I thought microscopic amounts of airborne silicone were the
preferred method of causing large numbers of drives to
mysteriously fail.
I can't imagine how one would get the carbon fiber into the
interior of the drive.
 > The search warrant for East's home shows that the
 > government also is interested in determining whether Bell
 > and others have experimented with volatile chemicals in
 > preparation for attacks on IRS offices and agents.
The government is only lending credibility to Bell's paranoia by
behaving like jackbooted thugs.
Is this federal agent Bell is supposed to have interfered with
one of the agents who arrested him?  Sounds like fabrication from
whole cloth to me.
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-19 12:30:04
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Jim Bell goes to Jail! 
No.  There is an absolute filter between the interior and the outside
environment through which some airborne agents can pass. Silicones are particularly nasty in this respect.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-19 23:27:18
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Jim Bell goes to Jail! 
: Right. I read a book on that. I think it was called "The Millgram
: Experiment". Normal people would administer (fake, but they didn't know
: it) electroshocks to a subject even after the subject had stopped moving
: and could have been assumed to be unconscious or even dead. An excellent
: demonstration of the power of authority. And the gullibility of the
: average person. Stanley Millgram did quite a few experiments along such lines.  His
conclusion after persuading quite ordinary people to administer what
seemed to be fatal electric shocks to a subject, pressured only by the
orders of an authority figure saying "The experiment must continue"  and
other such phrases, was that should the United States wish to set up a
system of Nazi style death camps, personnel to staff them could be taken
from the population of any average midwestern town. He also did another interesting experiment called "prisoners and guards"
in which he selected people at random and dressed them up in the
appropriate uniforms.  The guards happily abused the prisoners, falling
into the appropriate roles almost automatically. Of course, such psychological experiments are banned today, because they
don't make it through the ethics committees.  Nonetheless they demonstrate
that there are few differences between "us" and "them," and that most
ordinary people will rise to the occasion when given a new pair of
jackboots.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-20 00:42:17
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Legality of Millgram-type psychological experiments 
: I'm curious about the "such psychological experiments are banned today"
: assertiokn. : Are you saying that if I were to announce such an exeriments at the next
: physical Cypherpunks meeting and ask for volunteers that I would be
: breaking some law? Such experiments require major deception on the part of the experimenter
towards the subject, and the experiments are likely to cause post
traumatic stress afterwards. This violates current ethical standards concerning informed consent and
freedom from risk to the subject which govern such experiments today. If you performed such an experiment on someone outside of current ethical
guidelines, there would be a queue of lawyers a mile long offering to help
the subject sue you after the fact.  It is not inconceivable that the
subject might convince the police to trump up some charges as well,
related to fraud or psychological torture. : Or are you saying instead that most university researchers are now unable
: to get grant money from the NSF and CIA to do such experiments? That too. : Or that any professor who publishes on such things may face disciplinary
: action from his university? You would probably be looking your next tenured position in Brazil. : Big differences.
: Insofar as I understand the law, so long as extreme physical torture is
: avoided, no laws cover such experiments. (Many religions are in fact
: organized along these lines, a la the Moonies, the Krishnas, etc.)
: (And extreme physical torture may also be legal, a la S & M and consenting
: sex practices, depending on one's jurisdiction. In San Francisco, even the
: mayor attends S & M parties.)
I think the deception aspect of the experiments would be the major cause
of hassles rather than the unpleasantness aspect.  On the other hand, I
believe there have been prosecutions for consensual S&M in a few
supposedly civilized places, like the UK.  I expect a screaming fag with
nipple pinching clothespins and a portable electro-ejaculator could
probably still get himself arrested domestically for plying his trade in
places like Cincinnati or the states of North Carolina, Tennessee, and
Utah.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-21 03:50:32
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: For Whom the Bell Tolls 
The current troubles for Jim Bell, and the representation in
government affidavits that casual speculation with friends over
infrastructure vulnerabilities constituted some sort of
conspiracy to do harm, should make all Cypherpunks nervous.
Indeed, such discussions about vulnerabilities and risks have
been a central theme of this mailing list over the years.  I hope
I don't wake up tomorrow morning to headlines in the Seattle
Times reading "Atomic Force Microscope Central in Duvos Smartcard
Plot" or some equally silly thing, based on an out-of-context
grep of the Web archives.
It is unfortunate that in a country which advertises itself as
some sort of bastion of free speech, one must constantly guard
ones speech to make sure that it contains no snippets suitable
for an inflammatory sound byte on the evening news.
Just another of the many manifestations of "The Policeman
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-21 03:59:53
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Metal Virus 
With all this talk of germ warfare and carbon fiber attacks, I
started thinking of another useful technology which made its
appearance a number of years ago, and promptly vanished from
Not so long ago, some university scientists invented a catalyst
which, even in microscopic amounts, would prevent formation of
the contiguous oxide film which protects metals from rapidly
reacting with the oxygen in the air.
They called a press conference to demonstrate their new
invention, which was carried on CNN, and after placing one drop
of their magic solution on a metal plate, held it in front of the
cameras as white power erupted from various points on its surface
and it promptly crumbled to pieces.
Now I found this quite an interesting demonstration, and much to
my non-surprise, this invention was never mentioned in the media
A few years later, in an article for Omni Magazine on
scientifically advanced technologies for knocking out critical
infrastructure, G. Gordon Liddy made mention of a "Classified
Liquid Metal Embrittlement Technology," in which a liquid
catalyst could be concealed in a object like a magic marker, and
applied in small amounts to structurally significant components
of aircraft, which would later undergo catastrophic structural
failure in fight.
This sounded to me a whole lot like the stuff the scientists had
shown on CNN in the press conference.
Anyone remember this?  Would any chemists in the audience care to
hazard a guess as to the chemical composition of said catalyst
and the mechanism of its interaction with the target to be
     Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-23 02:09:59
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Jim Bell accused of "spamming" 
: The IRS is accusing Vancouver resident James Dalton Bell, 38, of
: conspiring to overthrow the U.S. government. He appeared Monday afternoon
: in U.S. Distict Court in Tacoma and was accused in an 18-page affidavit. Since when was the IRS charged with enforcing the sedition laws?
Will the CIA now be collecting our taxes?
I still haven't heard any behavior on Bell's part described which would
constitute a crime under any applicable statue.       Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $

@_date: 1997-05-24 09:34:57
@_author: Mike Duvos 
@_subject: Jim Bell Complaint 
: After reading the complainant I have to say that with friends like that
: who needs enemies? Let's see.  The only specific acts that are alleged are that Bell obtained
names and addresses of IRS employees, that he twice conducted a high
school type prank involving mercaptan, and that he used invented SS
numbers to avoid paying taxes.  SS numbers being those things the
government swore up and down would never be used to identify citizens, and
which are now required on all banking documents. Aside from these alleged events, everything else in the document is either
hysterical hyperbole, or innuendo concerning Bell's feelings about the
government, his interest in guerrilla warfare technology, or what
chemistry experiments he may or may not have performed. I hardly think the government is in any danger of being "overthrown" by
Mr. Bell.  It is patently absurd to suggest that a military and political
superpower which can project force to any part of the planet almost
instantly with virtually no fear of consequences is going to crumble at
the hands of one individual armed with a stinky chemical and an attitude. Any prosecution of Bell is just an attempt to frighten other sheeple
holding similar sentiments into silence.      Mike Duvos         $    PGP 2.6 Public Key available     $
     mpd at netcom.com     $    via Finger.                      $
