
@_date: 1996-08-22 08:43:28
@_author: Michelle KC5KYO 
@_subject: [Noise] RE: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Acti... 
The right to discuss revolt or secession or the overthrow of the federal
government, it seems to me, is given below:
"We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created
equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness - That to secure these Rights, Governments are instituted
among Men, deriving their just Powers from the Consent of the
Governed, that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of
these Ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it,
and to institute new Government, laying its Foundation on such
Principles, and organizing its Powers in such Form, as to them shall
seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.  ... "
Now this is the Declaration of Independence, and not the Constitution, but
it seems to me that the right to discuss "agitating for secession or the
overthrow of the federal government" is protected.

@_date: 1996-10-07 10:55:39
@_author: mthompso@qualcomm.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
Conon sequiter. Crack cocaine doesn't put holes in people either. Michelle Thompson, World Tour 1996!

@_date: 1996-09-18 03:28:50
@_author: Michelle Thompson 
@_subject: Assassination Politics, was Kiddie porn on the Internet 
Interesting information from a friend of mine-
for >China in 1941 because there were no chinese planes/pilots.  Guys from
soldier >of fortune (tho they do volunteer work) could be hired as 'experts'
at >whatever, removing mines, etc...  It's very touchy.  But, the worst
thing about >it all, is that the geneva convention doesn't protect
mercenaries....so awful >things could be done to them, and the world
wouldn't see that as war crimes.
I believe that with the breakdown of the traditional sense of sovereignty,
mercenary activity, whether military or commercial in nature, will increase.
Engineering seems to be quite mercenary already, and very international.
Marketing and advertising, to a novice (me), seem to be going the same way. Hence my interest in cryptography. Data security is essential in
international engineering projects.
Michelle Thompson

@_date: 1996-09-19 10:54:55
@_author: Michelle Thompson 
@_subject: Assassination Politics, is now Mercenarial Stuff 
Michelle (me) Wrote:
Reason: A mercenary is generally held to be someone that serves merely for
wages or the adventure. (or taking the narrow definition, a soldier hired
into foreign service.) Working on a North Sea oil platform seems to be
something done primarily for the wages and/or the adventure. However, the
qualification is to what degree does that American depend on the
organization operating the rig? Just a little bit? Mercenary. A lot? Employee. The distinction between mercenary and employee, to me anyways, is directly
related to the level of dependence the individual has on the group that's
paying him/her.
Reason: This is much closer to pure mercenary than the former example. This
is truly free-lance. There is no oil company paycheck nor is there
day-to-day direction in what should or could be done that day at the data
haven. However, you are under the influence of the legalities of the island, no?
You stand a chance of being assimilated into the legal culture. Your data
haven could become an institution, and therefore become used as an extension
of that island's political presense. All very intriguing.
No, not really.
In taking the "position" of engineer, you fall into the role of foreign
consultant rather than mercenary. You are assimilated to a degree that would
preclude the independence enjoyed by the mercenary. Contract for a "project" for the Sultan of Brunei, and yes, mercenary you
could then be.
