
@_date: 1993-07-07 21:59:56
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: We are becoming politically correct sheep 
Summarizing the important bits from Timothy's Post ...
.... and ....
.... plus more ...
Okay. I agree with most of the post above. I also thought that Tim's "child-
porn" exercise was both useful and amusing. These two stories below are
some more examples of political correctness gone wrong.
The first concerns David Irving, well-known right-wing revisionist "historian". Mr. Irving wanted to do a lecture tour in my country of residence, Australia. The
government banned his entry, on grounds of racial hatred and the like. This
decision has immediately criticized my a sizeable majority of the newspapers,
with the prevalent view being "He's got appaling viewpoint, but he should be
permitted to be heard." I am not certain whether the decision has been reversed
or not. I'll have to get back on the subject. Personally, I agreed with the
newspapers on that subject (but of course not on others....)
The second story is more amusing. I don't know how many people on the list have
seen the movie "Romper Stomper", or even if it has been released in America (from
which most of the list resides). For those who don't know, Romper Stomper
concerns a gang of Nazi skinheads who live in Melbourne. Most of them are unedu-
cated scum, although their leader, Hando, although twisted, is quite intellegent
and charismatic. The film concerns the decline of the group, both through the
action of some Vietnamese immigrants (who fight back for a change), and the
police. The film, like the skinheads, are quite violent.
The film (from what I could gather) portrayed the skinheads in an unflattering light.
None of the cast or crew advocated Nazi ideology, and especially not Russell
Crowe, who played Hando. This didn't stop the British Anti-Nazi League from
picketing the film when it was shown in England. They seemed to have gathered
that it was a very naughty film indeed, although how they got their selective
myopia I don't understand. Fortunately, the picket was a failure. Most of
the Australian expatriates told their friends to see it, and they told their friends, und so weiter.
Okay, political correctness is a dangerous thing. Note that I didn't say bad,
just dangerous. I do agree that racism, sexism and homophobia are bad things,
so I do sympathize with most p.c. objectives. But mostly I have not found any strong
evidence for legislative strategies to enforce these objectives (with one
exception ... see below). Fortunately their are ways to defuse this dilemma without legal wrangling. Firstly, a lot of terms (although not all) which started out as a symbol of
demonizing have turned out to be words of pride. Examples are Nigga (as Niggas
with Attitute) and Dyke (as in Dykes on Bikes, which are always prominent in the
Sydney Gay Pride Festival, among other places, and whoops, I forgot to mention
"Gay"). This is of course imperfect ... I don't think the word "Faggot" is used
very positively, and as for such words like "Slag" (slang for women), the less
said the better. Of course, as a white male heterosexual (or Breeder, whatever
you prefer), I don't encounter much discrimination, so I am not as knowledgeble (sic)
as some people. Still, when people can use _some_ of these words in a humerous
fashion (as opposed to offensive), things look brighter.
The second point is immediately related to the last point - humour. If you are
not going to ban the bastards from speaking you can at least make fun of them.
After all, it is part of YOUR right to speak. As an example, in Australia some
judges have been under fire for making stupid comments at rape trial. Some people
have called for their dismissal (which is a bit extreme). However, a lot of
comics have been satirizing their judgements, and the jokes have even occured
on two comedy shows: "The Late Show" and "Full Frontal". (After all, can you
say the phrase "No means Yes" with a straight face anymore ..?)
For the third point, I admit that it does fall into the category of legal wrangling. It is this - remove all legislation that limits the powers of a minority. Fortunately,
most of this work has already been done in most Western countries. Still,
examples do exist. Queensland (my state) decriminalized homosexual behavior
among consenting adults only three years ago, and legislation still exists
in Tasmania (although it is "not enforced"). Also, until recently, several cantons
in Switzerland didn't give women the right to vote in local elections. I leave
you to think of local example. (Note - maternity leave for women is NOT an example
of limiting the power of a minority.) (Aside, I think the talk of the change of focus
to "forbidding speech that hurts others" is exaggerated, or at least in
Australia. (Obviously most of you know more about America than I do). My impression
was that some of the local focus is on "giving more freedom to consenting
adult, as doing otherwise encourages police corruption. Our state is currently
going though a review of it's Marijuana legislation, and the stuff is already
decriminalized in South Australia. Also, we've got more liberal censorship
laws than America.) The final point. Obviously removing stupid discriminatary action (calling
people by rude names, etc.,) is a laudible aim. This can (of course) occur in
different ways. For example, some poor soul might fall foul of the p.c. brigade,
not though nastiness, but through naivete (like using the term "chairman"). I
was once called a hypocrite because I believed both in capitalism and small-l
liberalism (by a socialist, no less). What's the big weapon for change? Well, it's powerful, but sometimes quite undependable. It's called time. Believe me, you need a lot of it to affect social change; revolutionary change leads almost always to
tyranny. Still, a lot has happened in the last 30 years. It was only in 1966
that Australian Aborigines were given full citizenship, and currently we are
in the middle of the aftereffects from the Mabo land claim decision. In a lot
of ways, the world has got worst as well as better. Still, when the conservative
elders die, you can only hope that their children have kept the good things,
and rejected the bad things, of their parents. I'll have to end it there. I want to have lunch. Whoops, this is going to a list primarily concerning encryption! What will I say? Got it ... "Stop the
Clipper chip!" I hope it will keep em' happy ... Cheers for now.

@_date: 1993-07-25 17:55:09
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
I admit, I was shocked when I read this post. For two reasons. One - that that
abominable phantasm, "The War on Drugs", still seems to take a significant
place in the American political debate. Two - that a politician would campaign
on the promise of REMOVING (not ADDING) public phones. I'm probably coming
across as very naive, but as someone who's lived in Australia for the last
13 years, I can only guess at what's going on over THERE. Most of my information
comes, not only through periodicals and TV, but also through this post. I have
to thank David in part for his contribution. Talk about a bucket of cold water
over the extremities...:-<
from those government types (FBI, NSA, etc.) who are looking for ways to
weasel themselves into the home, business, and even the Internet. One obvious
example of this weaselling in the Clipper chip. Many of these quotes contain
oblique references to "The War on Drugs" (oh, no! not that phrase again! :-) )
and "Fighting Drug Dealers". Again, from David's post, I've noticed that the
three reasons for limiting Public Phones all involve drug dealers. Now, these
arguments seemed to have some evidence to support their assertions. Still, it
was worrying all the same.
one hand, South Australia has decriminalized Marijuana. On the other hand, Queensland's Drug Misuse Act, which puts the onus of proof on the defendant (e.g., you have to prove that THAT spoon was not used for shooting up HEROIN). This, of course, is inimical to the Americal and Australian judicial system.
Of course, this act has been a failure (marijuana is still Queensland's 2nd
largest cash crop), and the National party government who introduced the bill
were kicked out in 1989 for widespread evidence of corruption, involving
prostitution, bookkeeping, and (surprise! surprise!) drugs. Now that there
has been a government enquiry into marijuana, hopefully the mood will change
in favour of legalization.  to infringe YOUR privacy is "The War on Drugs". It should be stopped, and
now! Not only is it unsuccessful, not only is it hypocritical (I wince when I
see those "Winners don't use drugs!" messages on video games), but it has
also blinded a lot of people into supporting attacks on YOUR privacy. If it is
stopped, then perhaps the government agencies won't be as likely to do
silly proposals like the Clipper chip. Perhaps..., but only if the public
keeps a watchful eye on what they are doing. Of course, the libertarians in
the list would want many of the drugs decriminalized, and from what I've
read about in other countries, not only does the drug use stay the same, the
criminals are not as likely to get involve in drug dealing.
Sorry, I had to get this off my chest.
P.S. Is there any truth in the rumour that Canada is going to lighten it's
encryption restrictions? I wouldn't mind getting my hands on RSAREF....

@_date: 1993-07-27 19:26:28
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: More stuff... 
It's interesting that you've listed these slogans. Someone (I think it was
Hunter S. Thompson) once pointed out that 1984 was a typing error, and that the
original title was "1994". Orwell was behind schedule when he wrote "1984", and
only realized his mistake around the time he submitted the manuscript. He tried
to get it changed, but (because of his timing) failed. Interestingly enough, if
I am correct in assuming H.S.T. was the origin of that bit of imformation, then
I think (again, unsurely) that it originated from his articles about his arrest
by some Colorado D.A.s on drug charges. Fortunately, because of the incompetence
of the police and D.A.s involved (especially in illegal searching), it was thrown
out of course. But that's another thread entirely...;->
1994: 1984 was a typo.
Below this captions would show George Orwell typing away at his typewriter, while
behind him, some shadowy figures (representing Government Agencies or the Dictator of your choice) would hover threatening around his shoulders, or lurk
in the background....
Now if the Cryptography T-Shirt idea gets realized, I wouldn't mind getting hold of one. One problem I have: how do I get hold of it? Does anyone know what the
costs (and timing) of mailing small objects from the U.S. to Australia? Or would
it be a better idea to email the GIF/bitmap/etc., of the design over here, and
I'll send some cash in return? Eagerly awaiting .....

@_date: 1993-06-10 16:42:53
@_author: Peter Murphy 
@_subject: My Poll.... 
Responding to J. Michael Diehl's post ...
{ The rest of the post (documenting results) deleted. }
I'm sorry that I didn't answer your poll. However, if I had a little bit more time I would have answered it. Unfortunately, this mailing list is so expansive (and my time
is so limited) that I only read my mail about once a week. So I became aware of the
poll's closing date (last Thursday, 3/6) the next day (i.e., 4/6). Please give a
little more time in future. It was a GREAT idea. Thanks for doing it.
P.S. In case you're still interested in accumulating results, I respond to email on
Sony News-OS V. 4.3 (analogous to Berkeley 4.1). I also use a lot of MS-DOS PCs
(mostly on the Elec. Eng. Novell network, although I might be acquiring a 486 pretty
soon). As for PGP, ... well I OFFICIALLY don't have a copy, being not a resident of
North America :-) ...
