
@_date: 2010-11-16 13:07:05
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: Bitcoin And The Electronic Frontier Foundation 
A few months ago I saw this as well using a dual core 2.666, but I found a little trick which increases the coin production. Just re-boot every 2-3 days, then you usually get a flush of coins.
At the time I considered getting an i7, just out, which has on chip  hardwired encryption circuits. Its lightning fast on generating the hashes and even half a dozen of these were generating bitcoins then anyone with lesser technology doesn't stand a chance.
It sounds to me like these are now being used. Time to upgrade. It would  be interesting if anyone had experience of using the i7.
On the question of cost. If you have a machine which already has to run  24/7 (say a Tor node) then the extra cost of max CPU usage is about  $5-15/mo. (My dual core costs about $15/mo without bitcoin)
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2011-06-16 13:14:04
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
This is very true and is something which differentiates BitCoin from a  ponzi scheme. The ponzi scheme is ALWAYS based on nothing right to its  bitter end.
But BC does have INTRINSIC value, because it...
1. has only a known/set limited availability
2. is provably unforgeable
these are the qualities desirable in ANY value based exchange token  (barter), whether it be gold bullion, chickens or sheep. This is why  England used the "tally stick", for a long time, when England had no Gold etc, it generated a barter system based it.
So BC is also a barter substitute (or currency), that is this all the  same, its just a token between.
At the end of the day, it matters not a single jot what its current  comparative value is, as long a people are trading it. For day to day  transactions, it is ALL that is needed. But for horders, banksters and  other similar blood sucking manipulators, they cannot predict its value in the long term, and this they hate, as there is no "promise to pay the  bearer" anything. So they will slander it. As more people trade in it,  then the more stable it becomes, as people get frightened a government  will collapse (not just outlaw) it, then its use will fall and so too will its price.
I have had my own reservations about BitCoin, that is, that its designers did not anonymize BitCoins rendezvous and had non-anonymously centralized itself so it could be attacked by a hostile government, like it is being attacked now by the US.
I think it is highly likely that the drug supplier "Silk Road" is a  protected CIA black op. to attack BC and to destroy it. This was an  obvious draw-back right from the start and was the reason I stopped  generating BC's a long while back. Governments and other evil people do  not play fairly, so never assume they will. The designers of BC did assume just that, and that was there error. To design adn test it was one thing but the implementation had to be completely anonymous.
What needs to be done is that a NewBitCoin (NBC) system needs to be  started up behind hidden services and for them to offer a swap with the  existing BC. Perhaps there should even be "official" completely anonymous NBC consortium with several NBC servers each doing multiple NBC i.e. NBC1, NBC2, NBC3 etc (all interchangeable currencies - at least at the start), so as to be locationally robust.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-10-19 11:25:34
@_author: Anon Mus 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Is this a practical vulnerability? 
My experience is that there s already an easy method of identifying Tor  hidden service nodes and this takes little time to do.
Let me explain why I come to that opinion.
Having  a static IP net connection, I set up a test web site as a Tor  service on a Tor middleman server. That server had been a middleman server for about a year, no problems, no attempts to hack it in all that time.
Within 24hrs of making that Tor hidden service live I could see, in my  firewall logs, hundreds of repeated attempts trying to hack my server,  directly from the internet, not via my hidden Tot service. All were  attempting to access various types of services/permissions which were  mainly focused on attempting to gain control of a "web page server". All  attacks were from US based places of higher education (colleges and  universities), most from establishments where Tor servers were situated  but not from Tor servers themselves.
Now bearing in mind that I had only EVER requested 1 web page (a blank  test page - requested about 4 times) from my own Torrified web browser  (out and back so to speak), and no OTHER (external) page requests were  EVER received via the Tor hidden service, as shown by its log. Then  someone must have been able to immediately see the service enter and track its source, who then attempted to hack the web server itself and it appeared to be a group of about 3 or 4 persons, each trying different  attack strategy over a 12 hour period. Hundreds of commands were sent,  many in quick succession as if they were in some sort of script file, but some were live, at one point I even watched them live as they were coming in as I countered their hack attempts.
As a result of this I did some serious thinking about Tor and came to the conclusion that someone out there and I believe it is THE global adversary (USA mil/sec) is able see with perfect transparency all Tor traffic.
Most Tor users see the Tor connections as merely a set of 3 or 4 connected nodes over which their traffic is routed, e.g. Tor1 - US, Tor 2 - Germany, Tor 3 France - EXIT. But in reality then internet is not like that, this is only the UPPER structure level. At the lower level the packets are routed over many dozens of sub-nodes, these nodes are invisible to the Tor map of your traffic. You can find out this info yourself if you wish to test out a single ROUTE to another IP address just by doing a traceroute url (tracert url for windows) command from a command line prompt window.  As you will see this is about a dozen hops to the average local url. But this is not the end of the problem, as some hops are hidden and they report only a virtual hop back to you.
e.g. lets say a node is in a server in an IBM/US telecoms company based in France, then that server will almost certainly be routing ALL its traffic through the USA and back to itself (or another node in the same company) before sending it on to the next external node. This diversion is NEVER reported as ONLY a single "virtual node ip" is quoted. The only way you can ever tell its been done is by looking at the time delay, however this is also often difficult/impossible to spot because these routes are often the fastest on the internet. OK - I know this goes on for certain because there are internal tools used within these companies to trace the TRUE route and I have seen such servers send their traffic in this manner 24/7 - 365. Having discussed this as "wasted effort" with a network engineer I was told there is a "payment" made somewhere to compensate. At the same time all of this is camouflaged in apparently nice and legitimate reasons for it being that way, but when you pull it apart you see the lie, but you can't PROVE As about 70% of Europe's internet traffic passes through an IBM/US telco's servers then it almost certain that in any one of these Tor node to Tor node connections there is at least one sub-nodes that passes the traffic through the USA, who is the global adversary using Total Traffic Timing You should be able to work the rest out for yourself.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
