
@_date: 2001-01-10 18:11:35
@_author: Mike Holmes 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
I'm not sure if anyone has made a canonical list of what features define
a crank, but one of them has just got to be a complete inability to
admit a simple mistake.
Go back through the archives and you'll see lots of examples where Choate
makes an error.  I'd give him the benefit of the doubt on many of them
and assume that he exaggerates to make a point.  When someone calls him
on it, rather than admitting that he overstated his case, he makes it
worse.  The quoted material at the bottom of this message is a good
example of the start of one of these.
If you read the archives, you'll find examples of pretty much every
frequent poster to this list over the years posting a retraction or
correction for some minor detail.  You won't find any from Choate.
In the past, I've plonked him, but I found that I missed the entertainment
value.  He's interesting, in the same way a car accident is: you have
no real desire for the victims to be involved, but if it's going to
happen right in front of you, you might as well observe it!

@_date: 2001-01-10 19:31:57
@_author: Mike Holmes 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement  
No problem.  A good example was thoughtfully provided by you quite readily:
This is somewhat like feeding the trolls, so I'll be content to quit
here.  I didn't think Choate was dumb enough to step on his dick so
quickly.  I can see I overestimated him.
He's not nearly the sport that David Sternlight was.

@_date: 2001-01-11 00:57:36
@_author: Mike Holmes 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement  
Allow me to summarize:
1) I claim you can't admit an error.
2) You disagree, and ask me for an example.
3) You provide an example yourself.
   3a) Your example dates back nearly three years.
   3b) In your example, you claim you were right all along, and Tim
       was wrong.
Let's take it from there.  Either a) You were right and Tim was wrong,
in which case your example isn't an example of admitting an error,
or b) You were wrong, and Tim was right, and right now, you're showing
yourself incapable of admitting that.
If you'd have left it at "Back in 1997, I admitted that Tim was
right about the G3", you'd have had me.  I claimed you never
admit a single error, and you'd have found a counter example to an
all-encompassing declaration.
But you COULDN'T leave it at that.
You were compelled to add "I turned out to be right"...
And that pretty much confirms what I was claiming to begin with.
If NOMAD here was any good at logic, we'd be beaming him out to
the minimum safe distance right now.
My old man was often heard to quip: "I made a mistake once....
I thought I was wrong, but I wasn't."  That second sentence is the punch line, Choate.  Just FYI.

@_date: 2001-01-11 10:20:33
@_author: Mike Holmes 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement  
I've explained it twice, now.  You're just not getting it.
You're not even understanding what I claimed in the first place.
