
@_date: 2010-12-08 00:21:11
@_author: James Hess 
@_subject: Over a decade of DDOS--any progress yet? 
Very little,  no, and no.
Not counting occasional application bugs that are quickly fixed.
Even TCP weaknesses that can facilitate attack are still present in
the protocol.
New vectors and variations of those old vectors emerged since the 1990s.
So there is an increase in the number of attack vectors to be
concerned about, not a reduction.
SYN and Smurf are Swords and spears after someone came up with atomic weaponry.
The atomic weaponry named "bot net". Which is why there is less
concern about the former
types of  single-real-origin-spoofed-source attacks.
Botnet-based DDoS is just "Smurf"  where amplification nodes are
obtained by system compromise,
instead of router misconfiguration,  and a minor variation on the
theme where the chain
reaction is not started by sending spoofed ICMP ECHOs.
Since 2005 there are new beasts such as "Slowloris" and "DNS Reflection".
DNS Reflection attacks are a more direct successor to smurf;  true
smurf broadcast
amplification points are rare today,  diminishing returns for the
attacker, trying to find
the 5 or 6 misconfigured gateways out there, but that doesn't   diminish
the vector of spoofed  small request large response attacks.
Open DNS servers are everywhere.
SYN attacks traditionally come from a small number of sources and rely
on spoofing
to attack limitations on available number of connection slots for success.
New vectors that became most well-known in the late 90s utilize
botnets, and an attacker
can make full connections therefore requiring zero spoofing, negating
the benefit of SYN cookies.
In other words, SYN floods got supplanted by TCP_Connect  floods.

@_date: 2012-12-18 01:32:56
@_author: Jimmy Hess 
@_subject: William was raided for running a Tor exit node. Please help if 
I'm not so sure about that.   It's a kind of physical threat;  the set
of all physical threats includes a subset of threats that are LEO
threats involving authorities and are related to (quasi-)legal
threats.  The law enforcement personnel may have been paid off by a
rogue party in the first place,  to seize and "misplace" the data
(E.g.  deny the legitimate principal access to it  for the purposes of
competitive advantage),  or to seize and "accidentally" leak the data
to overseas entity attempting to gain the data for economic advantage,
by taking advantage of insufficient security controls of the law
enforcement entity.
It obviously wouldn't work for all kinds of data, but;
even if it's not a 5th amendment issue;   E.g.  "required to reveal
your keys and allow the data to be decrypted";    the POSSIBILITY  has
to exist that that you can in fact know or recover the keys.
You can't testify against yourself, if you had your memory permanently
wiped in some manner,  so that you are incapable of ever recalling,
because "there's nothing there to present" ---   it doesn't matter if
there was no 5th amendment,  the fact your memory was wiped,  erased
the possibility of ever testifying.
If an automatic response to the security breach results in complete
reliable destruction of physical and logical devices absolutely
required to be fully intact to  recover the keys  and execute
decryption activity, then  "there is inherently nothing to provide",
once that occured;  the remaining option would be for the LEO to
dedicate massive computing resources over a sufficient hundred years,
to  discover the key through brute force key space search  of  10^77+
That's assuming no backups of the key  devices.

@_date: 2012-11-26 19:33:02
@_author: Jimmy Hess 
@_subject: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
Just about every new technology, IP itself included has privacy concerns,
related to it;  which is really just a fancy new name for security
concerns, regarding WHO is doing what things on the network.   That doesn't
mean you blacklist those technologies....   In fact, in some cases
_identification_ of network nodes is a very good thing.
I would like very much for spammers to be identifiable,  even at the
cost of some so-called "privacy"  (not that embedding IP location data
helps with that)....
Heck,  HTTPS has privacy concerns,  because it requires a certificate,
personal details of the server to operate.    I suppose it would be
rather interesting if the certificate contained GPS details as well,
if   end hosts' IP stacks were required to verify the GPS data is
either accurate or not present,   and SSL clients were expected to
validate that the details in the IP packets matched,  and if a list of
GPS positions was declared as a critical X509 extension.
Then a third-party hosting provider would not be able to be used to
spoof a HTTPS site (without the intruder gaining root access,  in
order to spoof IP packets).
The existence of  privacy concerns,  does not mean you hesitate to implement a
protocol in any way, shape or form.
Privacy concerns,mean you as a user of that technology, pull out your handy
dandy risk calculator, and weight the details carefully consider,
what the probability
and impact of the various risks actually are  -- what bad  things can actually
happen, if the detail X is exposed, and what (if any)  mitigations you
choose for
your  particular scenario.
Which will for end users typically involve setting a local policy such as:
  o  Don't turn on the "Populate Packet headers with Location data"
  o Don't stamp packets with location data, except  to trusted hosts,
    when stamped packets are sent with headers encrypted over VPN in tunnel mode
   o Introduce sufficient error, that the GPS data does not
significantly compromise location
