
@_date: 2007-05-22 22:00:43
@_author: Christian Weisgerber 
@_subject: [tt] UK's first police drone takes to the skies 
UK's first police drone takes to the skies
   Police in Merseyside are taking the fight against crime to new
   heights, with the launch of the UK's first police drone.
   The drone will take to Merseyside's skies in June and will support the
   Force's ongoing fight against crime and anti-social behaviour. The
   investment is part of Merseyside's Total Policing approach, with a
   focus on using technology to tackle criminals.
   The drone - which is being trialled by the Force - uses the same type
   of camera facilities as the Force's helicopter and high visibility
   CCTV vans on the roads. Assistant Chief Constable Simon Byrne explains
   how unmanned technology provides a new, cost effective way of
   capturing vital evidence on camera and putting more officers on the
   beat. The trial is being supported by the Home Office Crime and Drug
   Directorate.
   Support the Anti-Social Behaviour taskforce    "We're always looking at ways of putting more officers on the streets,
   and maximising technology is a powerful way of achieving this. Our
   drone will be used primarily to support our anti-social behaviour
   taskforce AXIS, in gathering all important evidence to put offenders
   before the courts.
   "Other uses may include monitoring public disorder, crowd control
   during large scale events, and use during traffic congestion. We're
   also looking at its potential during firearm operations. For us, this
   is a cost-effective way of helping to catch criminals and supports
   similar technology we're already using in our vans and helicopter."
   The Force introduced high visibility CCTV vans in 2001 as a deterrent
   to crime. The Force's helicopter is also equipped with evidence
   gathering equipment, including the new spotterscope system, which
   enables officers to gather evidence from the skies.
   'Reduce crime through the use of new technology'
   The Force's first drone is one metre in span and weighs less than a
   kilogram. It will be operational with the Force's AXIS team some time
   in June, and more drones could also be on the horizon in the future.
   ACC Byrne added: "We have spent the last six months working closely
   with the manufacturer MWPower to test its capability and safety. We're
   reassured that it meets all our expectations and are hoping to
   introduce more drones in the future."
   Deputy Director of the Police, Crime and Standards Directorate,
   Stephen Cahill, said: "We are pleased to support Merseyside Police in
   their efforts to reduce crime through the use of new technology. This
   trial is the first of its kind in the country and we're excited about
   its potential."
   date added: 21 May 2007 updated: n/a
