
@_date: 2011-12-13 13:13:05
@_author: Nathan of Guardian 
@_subject: [liberationtech] "Pirate" wifi on NYC subway: now open-source! 
Some of you may have heard about a temporary wifi network that was run
on New York Subway's L train last month. If not, you can catch up here:
What made this effort unique is that this "mesh" didn't try to allow
people to get online to the plain old Internet, but it instead conceived
of entire new apps and content distribution mechanisms that were
appropriate to the context of people crammed in a subway car on their
smartphones. They also considered issues of how to make people aware of
this network, and how to physically put it in place each morning they
deployed it, including how to not look suspicious to the very serious
NYC police anti-terrorist surveillance system.
One of the primary developers of the project is Sean McIntyre, a student
of mine at NYU ITP. While I cannot take credit for the idea, I did give
him permission to use this work as his semester project, and I can
definitely say he will easily be getting a passing grade! I have cc'd
him on this email if you are interested in getting touch about deploying
your own "notwork".
Open-source project:
Press release:
Video on the project here:
Tech doc describing the hardware and configuration:
and if you are in the New York area, here is this from Sean:
"We're having a meeting this Thursday, Dec 15 from 7-10 PM off the
Morgan L in Brooklyn to chat about the project. The goal of the
meeting will be to release this idea and help develop ideas in the
same realm. Email me off list if you are interested attending."
 Nathan
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-12-24 11:55:28
@_author: Nathan of Guardian 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why Skype (real-time) is losing out to WeChat 
I know in the LibTech and broader global activist/NGO community, there
is still quite a bit of focus on Skype. However, during my recent time
in India with the Tibetan community there, I have seen Skype, on mobiles
at least, almost thoroughly replaced by WeChat, a WhatsApp/Kakao clone
made by TenCent, the same Chinese company who created QQ. To my personal
horror, we have gone from a somewhat secure Skype with a questionable
backdoor policy, to a non-https, China-hosted service who is a known
collaborator with the Chinese government.
The only I thing I felt productive to do (other than scream and pull out
my hair) was to think about why this is happening from a user
perspective. Why is a text messaging/push-to-talk model winning out over
an instant messaging/VoIP model, in places like Africa and Asia,
regardless of known increased risk and decreased privacy and safety?
Other than the typical "users are dumb" answer, I think there are some
deeper useful factors to consider. Overall, I think we are seeing that
when smartphones are plentiful, but bandwidth is still a challenge, we
need to think about communications in a more asynchronous model than
real-time. I don't think this community should get too caught up in
building "Skype replacements". I think more we should think about what
features otherwise great, secure apps like Cryptocat, RedPhone,
TextSecure, Gibberbot, etc are missing to make it possible for them to
replace the functionality and experience users are expecting today.
Why Skype/real-time is losing
1) Noticeable impact on mobile battery life if left logged in all the
time (holding open sockets to multiple servers? less efficient use of push?)
2) Real-time, full duplex communications requires constant, decent
bandwidth; degradation is very noticeable, especially with video
3) App is very large (a good amount of native code), and a bit laggy
during login and contacts lookup
4) Old and tired (aka not shiny) perception of brand; too much push of
"pay" services
5) Requires "new" username and password (aka not based on existing phone
number), and lookup/adding of new contacts
6) US/EU based super-nodes may increase latency issues; vs China/Asia
based servers
Why WeChat (and WhatsApp, Kakao, etc) async are winning
1) Push-to-talk voice negates nearly all bandwidth, throughput and
latency issues of mobile.
2) Push-to-talk is better than instant messaging for low literacy,
mixed-written language communities; The "bootstrap" process for Skype is
very text heavy still
3) Apps feel more lightweight both from size, and from network stack
(mostly just using HTTPS with some push mechanism)
5) Shiny, new hotness, with fun themes, personalization, and focus on "free"
6) Picture, video, file sharing made very easy - aka a first order
operation, not a secondary feature; chats are a seamless mix of media
7) Persistent, group chat/messaging works very well (since its just
async/store and forward, its very easy to send many-to-many)
8) Identity often based on existing phone number, so signup is easy, and
messaging to existing contacts is seamless
9) More viral - you can message people not on the service, and they will
be spammed to sign up for the service
Anyone want to call b.s. on this theory? Is my thinking headed in the
right direction? Should we try to turn Gibberbot into a more-secure
WhatsApp/WeChat clone?
All the best from the Himalayas,
    Nathan
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-26 12:49:20
@_author: Nathan of Guardian 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why Skype (real-time) is losing out to WeChat 
It is a great article, and such a short, fascinating study into the
mindset of an activist under clear, demonstrable state surveillance. I
think the point about the greater efficiency these tools (aka moving to
IP based comms vs. GSM/Telco) have given the state security/PSB is the
most important one.
 "We don't care if they're monitoring our WeChat use--we're out
This is the mindset of Tibetans in exile, until they understand that
every message they send, whether to their friend in India or Europe, or
to their friend in Lhasa, is all going through China. Also, once it is
made clear how chatting with someone in Tibetan exile community about
anything political could be enough to incriminate a Tibetan in China on
trumped up charges, they also think twice. Still, the growth in use
... or "what's good enough for Hu Jia is good enough for
Actually, the inverse here - Hu Jia's post and others within the Tibetan
community on this topic (VOA Tibetan had good coverage about mobile
security), has actually increased awareness about the problem. At least
now, everyone knows the risk, and can perhaps act accordingly. In a
recent training to some monks, I said "before you open the app, do a
meditation and visualize yourself walking in the central square in Lhasa
being observed by surveillance cameras and having your every move and
word spoke observed by the PSB." I figured only then would they safely
use WeChat, if that is even possible.
 or "WeChat's convenience advantages outweigh its known security"
This is the reason that is mostly given. "It's free", or "It's easy".
Texting and calling between India and Tibet is much harder and more
expensive that it seems, and that is just one-to-one. The group voice
and picture message features of WeChat are really a game changer when it
comes to (perceived) free flow of information. Almost all videos of
protests (including the recent self-immolations) have come via WeChat.
they were using a telephone, so it doesn't feel *worse*. However, they
don't understand the subtle difference and again, the increased
efficiency, that IP-based surveillance gives to the Chinese authorities
vs. GSM/TElco based surveillance. Since WeChat has no encryption at all,
they don't even need to request anything of TenCent/QQ - no backdoors
are required. As long as they know IP addresses and/or usernames, it is
simple to monitor, capture and analyze packets.
 Nathan
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-12-26 12:52:25
@_author: Nathan of Guardian 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why Skype (real-time) is losing out to WeChat 
persistent connected design of these apps (aka you have these always-on,
long running group chat rooms), and the ability to quickly send voice
messages and video, makes it MORE personal. The users feel a constant
connection to a whole group of friends no matter where they are on the
planet, and can, with a press of a button, reach out and hear their voice.
I am not saying this is a global phenom, applicable to all societies. I
think within this occupied/exile dynamic, and also where standard
telecomms are difficult, the impact of apps like WeChat and WhatsApp is
perhaps greater than places where Skype, Facetime and Hangout work well.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-02-02 14:33:18
@_author: Nathan of Guardian 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Call for hardware researchers/hackers 
Hash: SHA256
One other project to review. Back in November, one of my students at NYU ITP led the technical effort of a project called the "L Train Notwork", a temporary pirate wifi network with custom LAN-based social apps and content, that ran for a time on the New York City subway. It was a big conceptual success, and people on the train during the hours it was deployed actually used their wifi enabled devices to access content that was not otherwise available on the public internet, out of reach of censors, loggers and filters.
The happening itself was widely covered, but what was not shared widely enough, was that the code and design specs for how to build your own were also released. You can find everything you need to know at  and get in touch with the very talented Sean there.

@_date: 2012-06-13 07:09:30
@_author: Nathan of Guardian 
@_subject: [liberationtech] AES-encyrpted telephony in Iran? 
One question Naiz - are you using Skype on mobile phones today to
communicate, or only from desktops? Is this from 3G or wifi?
I ask because I think that it is important to that while PrivateGSM
software is technically very sound, there are some additional risks and
perhaps limitations when it comes to running VoIP, and even more so
secure VoIP, on a 3G network such as is available in Iran.
Skype is tolerated in many places in the world where encryption and VoIP
are considered illegal. Skype is allowed both because it is very
difficult to block (it uses many different IPs/hosts to connect in a
peer to peer like manner), but also because it is understood that most
people are using it to talk with family and conduct business.
If you use a VoIP system like PrivateGSM, or any SIP/RTP VoIP software,
it will look very different on the network than Skype. It will most
likely connect to one server, with a single IP address, for the SIP
portion (registration, call setup), and then it will stream the RTP
media stream through that same server. With secure VoIP that SIP stream
will be secured using SSL or TLS, the RTP media stream using something
like ZRTP or SRTP (basically the "AES encrypted" part you referenced).
If two people are calling each other using this service, it will be very
clear who is talking to whom and when. In some cases even, the RTP media
stream will stream directly between the two people/devices
communicating, clearly tying the two IP addresses together. If those IPs
are connected to a registered SIM card, then you see how this can be
With Skype, this is hidden in the cloud a bit more because there are
millions of people, though obviously Skype has many, many security
issues, and can suffer from this same direct IP-to-IP problem. Still,
Skype is tolerated, while Secure VoIP may not be.
Finally, there is another, more practical problem, which is speed or
"latency". Skype is really good at low bandwidth connections, while
Secure VoIP, mostly designed for enterprise/business use in the west, is
not. PrivateGSM is very good as Jacob mentioned, so it may be able to
adjust its call quality to the bandwidth/latency of your network, but
your expectations should be set a bit lower, and amount of patience of
your users higher... meaning, don't expect Skype simplicity and quality
right away.
 Nathan
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
