
@_date: 2011-04-20 16:20:13
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [liberationtech] iPhones/iPads secretly track 'scary amount' 
... and return to megaphones, flags, smoke signals, carrier pigeons and
frantic arm waving instead? If our ordinary environments are truly
hostile, then either we give up ever using a mobile phone, or we find
some way to address the problem.
Don't get me wrong, this latest revelation on mobile privacy is indeed
scary, and Apple better fess up. I just think we can fix these issues,
instead of allowing them to be disempowering.
In this case at least, turning your phone into "airplane mode" would
have stopped the phone from broadcasting its availability to and
registering with mobile towers. This would stop the active triangulation
of your location from being logged into the local iOS database.
I have an "airplane mode" icon on my Android phone home screen. Anytime
I am not expecting an important call, or am reachable by another means
(email, IM, irc), I generally activate it. Not only does it reduce my
location footprint data trail, but it also saves quite a bit of battery
I also like Google's Latitude Dashboard which encourages user to really
"own it" when it comes to mobile location data tracking. They have a
really pretty UI, charts, etc, that can show you how many minutes a day
you spend at home, the gym, work or your local pub. Their point is that
if government and mobile phone operators already have this data, why
shouldn't you (the user and human being tracked) also benefit from it?
All in all, we shouldn't cede the advantage technology can bring to the
movements and causes we care about because developers at Apple and Skype
(see their recent issue with Android app data permissions) are clearly
make very bad decisions about how they implement their closed-source
 Nathan
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-12-03 11:05:49
@_author: nathan@freitas.net 
@_subject: [tor-talk] [liberationtech] Not another Haystack right? 
I wrote the block of text attributed to Eugene below, and total agree with you, Andrew. Much of the activist tech support I do is for Tibetans inside Occupied Tibet, and as we know Tor in China right now is quite a difficult proposition. Traditional VPNs can and do work, especially when the user simply needs circumvention, and has enough of a risk safety net that they won't be questioned or detained for simply using a vpn.
As the primary developer of Orbot as well, I also deal with mobile latency issues quite a bit as well, and this has led me to think quite a bit about how the real time browse and click model of the web is highly incompatible with the realities of Tor.
I think the solution for users who want both strong anonymity and circumvention via Tor, and are operating in a high latency environment, is to use applications like offline web cacheing tools (from pay per minute, dial up era), RSS readers, Twitter clients, Podcast apps and even Mail clients, which support synchronization and offline content access. These types of apps minimize the latency a user has to experience, while maximizing the amount of content that can then be shared via sneakernet or LANs.
In summary, I think we should try to expand the way people use Tor, as opposed to pushing them towards less safe solutions.
+n8fr8

@_date: 2011-07-28 09:52:14
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Orweb v2 - now supports Android 2.x and 3.x 
I mentioned this at the Tor Dev meeting, and now we have a build out.
The big news is that you can use this on any Android device without
root. Just install Orbot, connect to Tor, then install this, and you are
ready to browse like an onion.
The main issue we are concerned about tracking down is DNS leaks with
how we are proxying. We have to use HTTP/S proxy support for now, but it
does seem to be resolving names via Tor, since .onion addresses do work.
things we can do to further lockdown webkit, which is the basis for rweb.
You can grab the direct binary and sig from:
Orweb v2 (0.2.1) - now supports Android 2.x and 3.x
Use with Orbot on any Android device without any complex configuration.
It just works right out of the box.. err, market! Also blocks flash and
optionally javascript, and other malicious downloads. Integrates
directly with DuckDuckGo.com's search hidden service for private,
anonymous searching.
updated market page:
Directly binary download:
Source and project:
Orweb is a privacy enhanced web browser that support proxies.
When used with the Orbot (Tor on Android) app, this web browser provides
enhanced privacy features. Through Tor, it prevents somebody watching
your Internet connection from learning what sites you visit, it prevents
the sites you visit from learning your physical location, and it lets
you access sites which are blocked. It also blocks cookies, keeps no
local history, disables Flash, and requires only Internet permissions,
keeping you safe from malicious content. Finally, beyond Tor, it can
support any HTTP proxy server.
What's in this version:
- added Android 2.x and 3.x support
- new localization / languages
- integrated DuckDuckGo.com search engine
- new icon!
 *
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
 * modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
 * version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation.
 *
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU General Public License for more details.
 *
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
 * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA
 */
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2011-11-02 01:00:41
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Orbot 1.0.6-RC3 with Tor 0.2.3.7-alpha 
Hash: SHA1
We think this might be final, but would appreciate some more testing
and feedback. The major new features are:
- - Nodes: exit/exclude/entrance node specification with strict is working
- - Wizard update: a new user interface process for the first-time user
- - Tor Tethering: if wifi or usb tethering is on, Orbot can route
traffic through Tor (aka "make your phone a Tor hotspot!" feature)
- - Settings for proxying Tor through another proxy is also now exposed
in Settings
- - And of course, support for all the other updates in 0.2.3.7-alpha
Has been primarily tested on Android 1.6 to 2.3.x, with some limited
testing on 3.x tablets.
Android APK binary:
 +n8fr8
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2011-11-03 15:49:28
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor-fi: risks of mobile hotspot feature in Orbot 1.0.6 
Orbot 1.0.6 has a new feature that allows someone with a rooted Android
device that offers wifi or USB tethering, to route the traffic of the
tethered device(s) over Tor.
This means 1-5 devices connected over wifi, or just 1 device (a laptop
most likely) over USB.
While is definitely a feature that has a cool factor to it and will get
some attention, I want to make sure we have thought through the
risks/downsides of utilizing this feature, so that we can communicate
them in any blogs, websites or tutorials. I also wonder if similar
thoughts or documentation has been created within the TorRouter context.
For example, Bob's iPad connects to Alice's Android's Tor-fied Wifi
connection, and uses all sorts of non-https apps that leak enough
information about Bob (google map location data), that reveals Alice's
real-life location.
I keep saying this is no different than TorRouter in terms of risk
profile, but am I wrong?
Here's the important bits of code:
  Nathan / n8fr8
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-11-16 18:24:34
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: [guardian-dev] NPTor News - an OnionKit Sample 
Glad to know. I think the extension is here is that we are also doing it
on a 3G mobile connection, and in my case, from a fairly rural part of
the world.
Wow, Opus looks great, both for one-way and two-way audio.
Definitely thinking about that sort of thing, as well, but in this case,
my real focus is on broadcast/consume mode.
Thanks for the feedback!
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-11-16 21:07:31
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How close to really secure Android phone with Tor 
If you want seamless switching and secure calling based on existing
telephone numbers, try RedPhone for Android.
If you want a standalone, isolated secure calling system, please see
 and the CSipSimple app.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-10-12 02:01:39
@_author: Nathan 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Silent Circle to publish source code? 
Here's my prediction: Silent Circle will not fundamentally change anything. It will have no where near the impact that Phil's work on open cryptography standards has. It may be a great niche product for businesses, professional journalist groups and large NGOs looking for a turnkey solution. It will not be relevant for the majority people on the ground in high risk places with state based surveillance. It will not satisfy the most privacy concerned users in "free" countries either. Ultimately it is a *commercial product* aiming to package up complex capabilities into a promise of a tidy easy to use solutions. It is a worthy endeavor but there are many, many people out there trying to go the business route and I don't believe there is actually enough of a market for this to satisfy a venture capitalist or organic revenue to sustain itself. Cryptophone, WaveSecure, Cryptcell, IronKey, ZeroBank, Hushmail are just a few attempted similar efforts. All worthy efforts... but niche and ultimately not having the large impact we all might hope, and perhaps some even doing damage by promoting forked, out of date solutions.
I fundamentally believe you can't design a product both for CEOs and revolutionaries. The threat models are entirely different. You can't be all things to all people especially if you are charging 20 USD per user per month, on top of a users existing 3g data plan.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-09-27 00:44:38
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and P2P (Hidden SMS) 
Hash: SHA1
I can tell you that based on prototype code I have created, SMS and
VoIP type p2p applications between mobile devices works just fine. The
latency is not bad, especially since the apps are coded to be
asynchronous anyhow. Whether it takes 10 seconds or 1 minute for
someone to respond does not bother users.
Hidden Services as a globally anonymous NAT'd networked is an amazing
opportunity for this type of application. We just need to solve the
scalability problem so we do not, as Robert put it "thrash the hidden
services directory".
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2013-01-31 16:58:40
@_author: Nathan Freitas 
@_subject: [tor-talk] "MUMBLE AND THE BANDWIDTH" b Anonymous CB Radio with Mumble and Tor 
The first results of our work using Mumble VoIP over Tor:
We are working on the open-source Plumble for Android client to enable
Force TCP over SOCKS mode, with the Opus low-bandwidth codec:
Looks promising!
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
