
@_date: 1995-11-14 07:23:56
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: [NOISE] Credit Card security in the New York Times 
Today's New York Times has a nice article in the business section
about credit card security on the Internet. It's more of an editorial
than an article, but it's an editorial with the (IMNSHO) right spin:
shipping a credit card number over the Internet, even unencrypted, is
no less secure than giving it out over the phone.
The NYT has been doing a nice job covering computer issues in the past
few months, in the Monday's business section. Worth reading if you
want to keep an eye on intelligent media coverage of the net.

@_date: 1995-10-11 17:13:41
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: anonymous web pages? 
Does any facility current exist to allow people to create anonymous
web pages? After anonymous email and anonymous news postings, this is
an obvious next step.
It seems that it would be a fairly simple matter to write a program
that would accept email containing a web page and the destination URL,
do some checking, and then create (or update) the requested page.
Require signatures and allow receiving mail via a remailer chain, and
you've got secure anonymous web pages.
The hard part would be finding a site that would be willing to serve
anonymous pages. I don't understand the politics at various sites that
allow anonymous remailers: maybe this isn't much harder?

@_date: 1995-09-20 23:32:31
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Netscape is doing well -- give 'em a break. 
I'm impressed with the way Netscape has responded to recent
events. It's refreshing to see a company say "yes, we made a mistake
in our security software" rather than pretend there's no problem.
Word Perfect encryption, anyone?
Last time I looked, the MIT-MAGIC-COOKIE-1 scheme used in X11R4 had
the same problem: the random seed was based on the current time to the
microsecond, modulo the granularity of the system clock. I think I
figured that on my hardware, if I could figure out which minute the X
server started (easy with finger), I'd only have to try a few
thousand keys or so. Caveat: I never actually proved the idea.

@_date: 1995-09-26 10:33:53
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Security Update news release 
This is the second person who has expressed this sentiment. I don't
understand it. If you believe that the possibility of randseed.bin
getting out is dangerous, then why do you leave it online? Do you
really trust every piece of software you run, every piece of software
that can possibly access your machine over the net, to not look at
that file?

@_date: 1995-09-29 00:13:24
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: No Subject 
They're certainly calling out for some external evaluation.
Has anyone read the specs? Care to summarize? I'm curious if the "25
crays one year" comment is intended to mean anything, or if it's just
some foolish PR person who doesn't understand what he's talking about.

@_date: 1996-02-02 13:51:52
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Noise and the Nature of Mailing Lists 
Yes, definitely! I'm sending this note to remind people that they can
also read Cypherpunks via NNTP, at
  nntp://nntp.hks.net/hks.lists.cypherpunks/
There are several programs that can read newsgroups on other NNTP
servers. I use Emacs Gnus, which has an excellent set of filtering tools.
Cypherpunks would be a lot harder to read without it. It'd be easier
to read if everyone preserved the References: headers, btw.
(thanks, hks.net!)

@_date: 1996-02-02 17:45:07
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Anonymity -> Untraceability -> High Latency? 
I've been trying out various mechanisms for anonymity: remailer
chains, HTTP proxies. There's one problem that makes them inconvenient
to use regularly: latency.
A good Type I remailer chain takes at least an hour to deliver email,
instead of the 15 seconds I'm used to. Mixmaster-style takes even
longer; the delay is important to the security of the system.
Forwarding all my HTTP requests through a proxy adds an extra hop and
some processing to all web transactions, noticeably slowing down
browsing. I'm not much for waiting for computers.
The problem is that that these anonymity schemes rely on untraceability.
And to be untraceable, we have to have centralized servers take our
traffic and forward it along, stripping out identifying information,
burying it in the noise of lots of other traffic. But that forwarding
process seems guaranteed to add latency to the communication.
Back in the old days (ie: six months ago, before Web search engines
were big on the scene) I was reasonably happy with the
needle-in-a-haystack anonymity of the unorganized Internet. I posted
personal things to Usenet, fairly sure that only the members of that
Usenet group were going to see my messages. I ftped files from all
over without worrying that my transactions would be logged permanently.
But now, with the amazing success of Web searching, I no longer feel
that obscurity is sufficient security. Are there other approaches to
anonymity that don't impose the latency that forwarding messages
around does?

@_date: 1996-02-20 17:20:53
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: breakable session keys in Kerberos v4 
I'm a bit suprised this hasn't turned up yet on Cypherpunks.  A couple
of forwarded messages: first, an announcement made Fri Feb 16 by Gene
Spafford at COAST about an exploitable flaw they've found in Kerberos,
and then a comment on the www-security list that it is due to a bad
random number generator. Same old story!
The message (lifted from the COAST web site)
Organization: HKS, Inc.
Path: hks.net!news-mail-gateway!owner-www-security
Lines: 8
Sender: root at hks.net
NNTP-Posting-Host: bb.hks.net
There will be a fix distributed by MIT later this week. The problem is that
the random number generator in V4 is worse then we thought! The fix is to
retrofit the V5 generator (which is decent) into the V4 KDC. Note: Only the
KDC needs to be updated, clients and servers are unaffected.
                                -Jeff
------- End of forwarded message -------

@_date: 1996-01-21 17:19:18
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Spiderspace 
I'm not sure about alta-vista, but most spiders just follow the Web
doing some sort of graph search algorithm: pages are nodes and links
are directed edges. If a page is not linked anywhere, I don't see how
a spider could find it.
But you might be suprised at how quickly links to your pages can be
made, in unexpected ways. Before alta-vista went online, I set up an
archive of a private mailing list for a class, put it on the web, and
figured obscurity would keep it safe. Within six hours of putting this
page online and emailing about it to my class, the alta-vista spider
had found it. Now maybe that six hours was just random chance, but I
was pretty impressed. I still don't know how the spider found it - my
guess is someone had made a Netscape bookmark to my page and had put
their bookmark file online.
All the spiders and Usenet search engines imply is that the haystack
is becoming easier to search for needles. The Web and the Usenet are
fundamentally public media - a spider has as much right to index your
pages as JoeBob has a right to make a bookmark to it. The good thing
is these spiders are fundamentally useful critters. alta-vista is
about to replace Yahoo for my preferred way to find things. See
  for a little thought I had one evening.

@_date: 1996-01-22 18:00:11
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: IPSEC == end of firewalls (was Re: (fwd) e$: PBS NewsHour, Path Dependency, IPSEC, Cyberdog, and the Melting of Mr.) 
[interesting article about the future, which includes..]
I'm all for the end of ridiculous non-TCP/IP protocols, but does
anyone believe this point about encrypted IP traffic eliminating the
need for firewalls?
I guess I don't trust the ability for people to keep secrets secret.
Nothing like refusing to pass packets at all..

@_date: 1996-03-02 14:25:01
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Chaff in the Channel (Stealth PGP work) 
Is anyone here on the Steganography mailing list? Last I checked it
looked pretty dead, which is a shame. Stego seems to be a really
important topic, and a difficult one at that. The good news is there's
all sorts of entropy in the data we send back and forth, the bad news
is it's hard to actually exploit it.
The stealth PGP is, of course, a necessary element: you have to remove
the big "THIS IS AN ENCRYPTED MESSAGE FOR RESISTOR-CELL-23" before you
can slip it in somewhere.
As noble as "flood the detection channels" sounds, has it really ever
succeeded? Do people who don't care about privacy day to day ever go
through extra trouble to make other people's privacy easier? I can
think of two public efforts to increase noise that have failed:
putting Spook keywords in all Usenet posts, and using PGP email for
normal day to day traffic. The failure of the second channel-flooding
is especially notable: even people doing serious crypto hacking, with
well established public keys, don't seem to PGP encrypt normal day to
day traffic. It's just not convenient enough.
I think asking people to increase entropy in their day to day
communication is doomed to fail, it's just too much trouble. Better to
exploit the entropy we already have, and maybe encourage designers of
new systems to build in some extra entropy sources when they get the chance. I've got some specific ideas, but am a bit nervous about talking about
them because of intellectual property issues. Also, I'm not convinced
that unlike cryptography, some extra security can be maintained in a
steganographic system by not disclosing the way it works. I haven't
resolved these concerns, but would be happy to engage in some
metadiscussion about them.

@_date: 1996-03-06 16:59:38
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: Steganography idea: CU-SeeMe 
The thing that bothers me about existing steganography code I've seen
is that it all uses uncommon communication channels to hide data. For
instance, the "hide data in a picture" programs: useful, up to a
point, but how often do I send pictures to other people? I think to be
effective, methods need to be employed that exploit existing, well
used communication channels.
So here's one idea I've had as a place to hide a channel: network
video, in particular CU-SeeMe video streams. CU-SeeMe is a lowtech
network video application, people running Windows and Macs with a $99
camera and a PPP stack can send about 2fps (160x120) to each other
over the Internet. Times I've used it, bandwidth is about 8kbits/sec
(I'm on a modem).
So here we have a reasonably high bandwidth channel, person to person,
that is already being used a lot on the net. How easy would it be to
borrow a few bits to hide the secret message? Because the image
quality is low (4bpp or 6bpp grey), and definitely nonrandom, you'd
need to be more subtle than just borrowing the low bit.
I think the answer could be found in image processing algorithms.
Spreading a bit out across various pixels would nice, as would some
sort of adaptive algorithm that identifies part of the image that's
safe to hide data in. It's not good enough that the image with hidden
data looks the same to the eye: it has to be statistically identical
to undoctored streams.
The biggest barrier to this I see is that the CU-SeeMe protocol itself
is proprietary, and the only existing free code I know of that does it
doesn't work very well (version 3.0 of a Unix reflector: buggy, now
very old). Of course you have to emulate the normal software 100%
correctly, or the Men in Black will see you're using stego tools.
I should remark that the subliminal channel stuff in digital
signatures is a really beautiful example of steganography.

@_date: 1996-03-06 17:20:34
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: PGP 3.0/4.0 
The MIT PGP keyserver now has new non-PGP based code to manage it's
keyring of 20,000+ keys. Not sure if you can get the code, or how easy
it'd be to adapt to a deployed usage, but presumably it's much more

@_date: 1996-03-10 15:04:31
@_author: Nelson Minar 
@_subject: anonymous web pages (Was: SurfWatch) 
I proposed this a couple of months ago, there should be a bit of
discussion left over in the archives. My idea was to have an account
keyed to a password - if you emailed the server with the right
password, it would take the text of your email and put it in the
specified URL. Then you can use remailers to preserve anonymity with
the server. It's sort of like the alias.c2.org accounts.
It seems like a workable, not-too-difficult idea. Not much interest in
it, though. Sameer pointed out that a full c2.org account, if used
properly, allows anonymous web pages.
In trying to shape the policy at various places where I've installed
web servers, I urge them to think of allowing users to post web pages
to be the same as allowing them to send email or post to Usenet.
They're all (potentially) media with lots of exposure and instiutional
identification, so why treat them differently? The argument seems to
work, and users are allowed to have their own web pages.
The problem, of course, is that people do tend to associate the
opinions in web pages to the company that owns the web server more
than they do with Usenet posts or email. Furthermore, WWW is a
permanent medium, where as email and Usenet are commonly perceived to
be transitory (this is changing).
I decided that if I were to set up an anonymous web server, I as
administrator would have to retain absolute control of what is on the
server, just to protect whomever my ISP is. The aim would be to weed
out any and all potentially illegal text: draconian, but probably
necessary to keep the remailer safe. I'd also filter out all CGI and
images over some small (icon) size. These days, I'd prevent Java and
JavaScript, too.
I'm interested in discussing implementation issues in more detail with
someone if they think this would be a fun project. I might yet get to
it myself in the next few months.
