
@_date: 2010-12-08 18:14:22
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: <nettime> Julian Assange Captured by World's Dating Police 
Dating police indeed.  And as for this extra accusation, apparently admitted, that the sex was "unprotected"...
A condom wouldn't have been that much use anyway -- when you're f*ck*ng with Assange there's always the possibility of a leak.

@_date: 2010-12-09 17:39:13
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: [ExI] Wikileaks. 
Er, not quite.  Back in the McCarthy era they were purging homosexuals in government office as well as communists.  It was said that at one point people were so self-conscious that when someone bought a banana in the State Department cafeteria they'd eat it like corn on the cob.

@_date: 2011-04-21 17:07:29
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: Cryptography mailing list 
Anyone know what's going on with the Cryptography mailing list?  Last post I got from that list was "Re: Disk encryption advice..." back on 10/8/2010 .  There were half a dozen posts/day, and then... zip :-(  Pity that it has stopped (at least for me...).

@_date: 2011-08-07 15:28:49
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: New Crypto Website 
license that:
It's ok, Lewis.  I'll be releasing a crypto
library soon that explicitly allows crimes against humanity, if that's the bit
that's getting in your way.

@_date: 2011-08-19 16:45:37
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: [cryptography] Smart card with external pinpad 
Don't know if you saw this one.  Would apply to pinpads...
"Thermal cameras
can steal ATM PINs"

@_date: 2011-08-23 12:00:09
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: [cryptography] Smart card with external pinpad 
Yes, it had a familiar ring to it... I was wondering what the UCSD people
meant as their contribution.  Presumably getting it to work in the ATM
Same family of attacks as the thin powder or other film over the
keypad.  A friend of mine who worked for the govt, had an rsa "Pwnie-Token",
and he said that after a several years the buttons that he used for the PIN
developed indentations...
uniform temperature to get around this.
Hard to achieve sufficiently quick
response.  How about the keys have independent heating elements so that they
can be randomized.  And of course there is the distribution of heat across
each key surface...

@_date: 2011-12-21 15:06:03
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: PunkBuster overly zealous? 
Maybe this is old hat, but sorry, I'm not up on game stuff.  My son was
installing a game for me (after saving the world using crypto during the day,
I like to own b*tch*s for about 30 min a night just to wind down...) and the
game required us to install PunkBuster.  I demurred and did a quick search.
 It seems that punkbuster is rather aggressive and there are claims that it
will upload a txt file to their server, if it looks to be of interest.  I was
horrified, naturally.
My son's pc gets regularly infested and restored from a
partition image, and he does not keep any sensitive information on it, so pb
is fine for him.  But I have to be a little more circumspect.
Anyone know
about pb?  All I know is that it is pretty standard, but not actually owned by
any big game producer.  If there's a question mark over it, then I'll have to
put the game on an isolated machine.
Mike N

@_date: 2011-07-12 16:22:44
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: all your faces are belong to us 
In the
facebook faq on ...>photos>tagging:
it says:
"You can tag anyone in a photo, regardless of whether they have a
Facebook profile."
In the Glastonbury terms they require you to agree that:
"you will not attempt to tag people who are not your Facebook friends".
One feels like one could tag anyone, though perhaps they enforce facebook
the birds and whatnot).
People are wonderful.

@_date: 2011-06-24 12:24:29
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: Obviously not Bitcoin 
Heard Rajiv Shah, president of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), on NPR this morning say that as the financial infrastructure was lacking in Afghanistan, it was non-trivial to pay people.  So they had a couple of pilot programmes where people were "paid on their mobile phones".
What do you think this entails?  The lack of infrastructure that makes Western style payment possible, would also make a mobile phone solution difficult (you have to use something accessible via your phone, in order to get afghanis in your hand in some local place).

@_date: 2011-03-18 11:32:48
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: RSA hacked 
Anyone know what is going on?  RSA have been pretty cagey about it -- I know more about Three Mile Island, Chernobyl, and the Japanese nuclear disasters combined than about what has actually happened at RSA.
If I had to guess, I'd guess that securid uses a super-master secret, from which they generate a master secret for each enterprise.  Then when RSA provisions a token for an enterprise, they generate the individual secret from the enterprise master secret.  I have not read up on securid for years.  The kind of fuss over this break-in would be consistent with someone stealing enterprise master secrets.
Any better conjectures?  Or, better still, any actual information?

@_date: 2012-07-02 15:56:24
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: [cryptography] Key extraction from tokens (RSA SecurID, 
There seems to be a bit of uncertainty about this attack. B I'm hearing a lot of misunderstanding from customers. Here is my summary. B I'll first give a concrete example explaining key wrap and unwrap. B Skip this post if you know all this stuff. B Then I'll generalize a bit, and finally comment on RSA's response.
Suppose that you have a symmetric key (eg a KEK) in one HSM that you want to transport to another HSM. B The target HSM generates an RSA private key, and you send the cert off to the first HSM, where you wrap (encrypt) the symmetric key under that cert. B You take this wrapped key across to the target HSM. B There, you "unwrap" it, which means that you send the encrypted blob into the target HSM, which internally decrypts the symmetric key and stores it, but does not give you back the plain symmetric key.
If the target HSM notices that the encrypted blob is corrupted, then it will give you an error message. B This is a leak of information, but that's life. B Normally such a covert channel would at most help you to mount a brute force attack, which is impractical owing to the size of the key space and other things.
However, if the target HSM allows you to ask it to unwrap (decrypt) the key under the assumption that pkcs v1.5 padding has been used, then by careful manipulation of the encrypted blob, you can use the failed decryptions to deduce the plain key, after only a few thousand submissions.
It does not matter whether the symmetric key was encrypted using the pkcs1 v1.5 padding. (Matthew Green mentioned this in his post.) B The flaw in the HSM is that it will attempt to use the deprecated padding during the decryption. B Loosely, it looks for certain bytes and tells you whether it found them.
It also does not matter whether you are using pkcs11 APIs, and whether you are doing key wrap/unwrap, and whether the data is a key. B Any secret piece of data encrypted under an RSA cert can be potentially extracted, via any kind of crypto module, as long as the module will use the deprecated padding mechanism.
It also does not matter whether the device is actually a device. B  An SSL server that will decrypt things assuming pkcs1 v1.5 padding, and give failure messages, is potentially vulnerable (this has been known for a decade).
Various USB tokens have played the role of the HSM in the recent research. B How have RSA Corp. personned up? B The RSA blog said:
"The vulnerability outlined by the researchers makes it possible (however unlikely) that an attacker with access to the userbs smartcard device and the userbs smartcard PIN could gain access to a symmetric key or other encrypted data sent to the smartcard."B This is a fairish statement. B Though I think "unlikely" needs clarifying. B It's not that common for end users to do the importation onto such a device that leads to the attack, so in that sense it's unlikely. B However, if you do do such an import, the attack is likely. B I can certainly imagine provisioning scenarios that are vulnerable, though I can't say if people are actually doing them. B So I'd say that anyone using the tokens for this sort of thing should be warned immediately. B Also, the RSA blogger should have been a little more candid and conceded that they have been remiss, and said what they will do to fix it. B Later, they quote the token team:
"This is not a useful attack. The researchers engaged in an academic exercise to point out a specific vulnerability in the protocol, but an attack requires access to the RSA SecurID 800 smartcard (for example, inserted into a compromised machine) and the userbs smartcard PIN. If the attacker has the smart card and PIN, there is no need to perform any attack, so this research adds little additional value as a security finding."
This is quite false. B The legitimate owner of the token, or a security officer provisioning the token, can get information (marked unextractable) he is not supposed to get, PIN or no PIN. B There are definite real world scenarios in which this attack is a serious break.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-04-11 16:45:05
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: [cryptography] Key Checksums (BATON, et al) 
What's the received view on the worth of the parity bit in DES as a checksum?
 It can catch single bit errors in a byte, no double errors in a byte, and...
(it gets more complicated after that).  Most checksum mechanisms have a
somewhat rationally chosen set of things that they do and don't catch (e.g.
bursts).  But while you might make a case for the DES approach, it would seem
to be after the fact.  By utilizing those 8 bits to deal with some global key
errors you could presumably do better.  It just seems like they threw it in
without really caring.  But that seems unlikely.  Anyone know?

@_date: 2013-08-14 11:45:08
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: Google threat analysis selectively applied 
A friend of mine, not a security jock, recently needed to cleanse her system (computer system, that is). She was advised to download Malwarebytes.  So she went to Google, and selected the top hit.  It had the pale green background that indicates (to those who know) that it was a commercial hit.  Of course, she did not know that, but so what?  She merrily clicked on it.  It's Google's top hit, right?  Must be well-vetted, safe, etc.
The install led her through all sorts of other installs, and the end result was that she had a quite old version of Malwarebytes, and loads of adware on her computer.  She needed a very thorough cleaning then, to get rid of that stuff. Hope there's no malware left. Sheesh.
The point is that Google was boasting recently about its wonderful machine learning that, unprompted, detected bogus used car ads in China.  It's perfectly clear that they could check the nasty Malwarebytes repackager that paid them.  Pretty poor behavior on Google's part.

@_date: 2013-08-14 11:45:08
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: Google threat analysis selectively applied 
A friend of mine, not a security jock, recently needed to cleanse her system (computer system, that is). She was advised to download Malwarebytes.  So she went to Google, and selected the top hit.  It had the pale green background that indicates (to those who know) that it was a commercial hit.  Of course, she did not know that, but so what?  She merrily clicked on it.  It's Google's top hit, right?  Must be well-vetted, safe, etc.
The install led her through all sorts of other installs, and the end result was that she had a quite old version of Malwarebytes, and loads of adware on her computer.  She needed a very thorough cleaning then, to get rid of that stuff. Hope there's no malware left. Sheesh.
The point is that Google was boasting recently about its wonderful machine learning that, unprompted, detected bogus used car ads in China.  It's perfectly clear that they could check the nasty Malwarebytes repackager that paid them.  Pretty poor behavior on Google's part.

@_date: 2013-08-14 11:45:08
@_author: Michael Nelson 
@_subject: Google threat analysis selectively applied 
A friend of mine, not a security jock, recently needed to cleanse her system (computer system, that is). She was advised to download Malwarebytes.  So she went to Google, and selected the top hit.  It had the pale green background that indicates (to those who know) that it was a commercial hit.  Of course, she did not know that, but so what?  She merrily clicked on it.  It's Google's top hit, right?  Must be well-vetted, safe, etc.
The install led her through all sorts of other installs, and the end result was that she had a quite old version of Malwarebytes, and loads of adware on her computer.  She needed a very thorough cleaning then, to get rid of that stuff. Hope there's no malware left. Sheesh.
The point is that Google was boasting recently about its wonderful machine learning that, unprompted, detected bogus used car ads in China.  It's perfectly clear that they could check the nasty Malwarebytes repackager that paid them.  Pretty poor behavior on Google's part.
