
@_date: 2010-12-07 12:11:28
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> The lawless Wild West attacks WikiLeaks 
Choice Quote: "Remember:  this is all being done not only without any charges or convictions, but also any real prospect of charging them with a crime, because they did nothing illegal."
The lawless Wild West attacks WikiLeaks
Monday, Dec 6, 2010 12:07 ET
Just look at what the U.S. Government and its friends are willing to do and capable of doing to someone who challenges or defies them -- all without any charges being filed or a shred of legal authority.  They've blocked access to their assets, tried to remove them from the Internet, bullied most everyone out of doing any business with them, froze the funds marked for Assange's legal defense at exactly the time that they prepare a strange international arrest warrant to be executed, repeatedly threatened him with murder, had their Australian vassals openly threaten to revoke his passport, and declared them "Terrorists" even though -- unlike the authorities who are doing all of these things -- neither Assange nor WikiLeaks ever engaged in violence, advocated violence, or caused the slaughter of civilians.
This is all grounded in the toxic mindset expressed yesterday on Meet the Press (without challenge, naturally) by GOP Sen. Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who said of Assange:  "I think the man is a high-tech terrorist. Hebs done an enormous damage to our country, and I think he needs to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. And if that becomes a problem, we need to change the law."  As usual, when wielded by American authorities, the term "terrorist" means nothing more than: "those who impede or defy the will of the U.S. Government with any degree of efficacy."  Anyone who does that is, by definition, a Terrorist.  And note McConnell's typical, highly representative view that if someone he wants to punish isn't a criminal under the law, then you just "change the law" to make him one.  But that sort of legal scheming isn't even necessary.  The U.S. and its "friends" in the Western and business worlds are more than able and happy to severely punish anyone they want without the slightest basis in "law."  That's what the lawless, Wild Western World is:  political leaders punishing whomever they want without any limits, certainly without regard to bothersome concepts of "law."  Anyone who doubts that should just look at what has been done to Wikileaks and Assange over the last week.  In this series of events, there are indeed genuine and pernicious threats to basic freedom and security; they most assuredly aren't coming from WikiLeaks or Julian Assange. People often have a hard time believing that the terms "authoritarian" and "tyranny" apply to their own government, but that's because those who meekly stay in line and remain unthreatening are never targeted by such forces.  The face of authoritarianism and tyranny reveals itself with how it responds to those who meaningfully dissent from and effectively challenge its authority:  do they act within the law or solely through the use of unconstrained force?
* * * * *
Yahoo News!' Michael Calderone has a very good article documenting how major American media outlets -- as always -- snapped into line with the authorities they serve by ceasing to use the term "whistle-blower" to describe WikiLeaks. One encouraging development is the emergence of hundreds of "mirror-
WikiLeaks" sites around the world which make abolishing WikiLeaks pointless; that's a good model for how to subvert Internet censorship efforts.  Those interested in doing that can find instructions here.
And here is a well-done site which asks:  "Why is WikiLeaks a Good Thing?"
UPDATE:  Just to underscore the climate of lawless initmidation that has been created:  before WikiLeaks was on many people's radars (i.e., before the Apache video release), I wrote about the war being waged on them by the Pentagon, interviewed Assange, and urged people to donate money to them.  In response, numerous people asked -- both in comments and via email -- whether they would be in danger, could incur legal liability for providing material support to Terrorism or some other crime, if they donated to WikiLeaks.  Those were American citizens expressing that fear over an organization which had never been remotely charged with any wrongdoing.  Similarly, I met several weeks ago with an individual who once worked closely with WikiLeaks, but since stopped because he feared that his country -- which has a very broad extradition treaty with the U.S. -- would arrest him and turn him over to the Americans upon request.  He knew he had violated no laws, but given that he's a foreigner, he feared -- justifiably

@_date: 2010-12-10 21:01:20
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> "A new WikiLeaks" revolts against Assange 
Uppdaterat 2010-12-09 22:17. Publicerat 2010-12-09 22:16
The pressure on WikiLeaks is increasing. DN.se reveals that several key figures behind the website that publishes anonymous submissions and leaks of sensitive governmental, corporate, organizational or religious documents have resigned in protest against the controversial leader Julian Assange only to launch a new service for the so-called whistleblowers. The goal: to leak sensitive information to the public.
The new project, bOpenleaks,b has been under way for some time and will be launched Monday. DN.se has spoken to individuals behind the new site and the message is clear.
bOur long term goal is to build a strong, transparent platform to support whistleblowers--both in terms of technology and politics--while at the same time encouraging others to start similar projects,b says a colleague wishing to remain anonymous.
bAs a short-term goal, this is about completing the technical infrastructure and ensuring that the organization continues to be democratically governed by all its members, rather than limited to one group or individual.b
The news comes in turbulent times for WikiLeaks. Thousands of documents infuriating global leaders and policy-makers have been unveiled to the public via Cablegate. Meanwhile, Julian Assange has been arrested in Great Britain on suspected rape charges based in Sweden. News about WikiLeaks has been over-shadowed by Assange's personal problems.
Earlier this year, WikiLeaks experienced accessibility issues. According to information revealed to DN.se, the problem was not linked to outsiders trying to sabotage, but came from the inside as a signal to Julian Assange to step down. The colleagues were dissatisfied with the operation's association with Assange's personal problems and how he used the organization in his explanation of the criminal charges.
It is the top-down management style which is under critique.
On the other hand, the DN.se source emphasizes the fact that the new website is supportive of WikiLeaks purpose and goal.
bThe two organizations are similar in that aspect that both are focusing on providing means for whistleblowers to anonymously provide the public with information,b one insider says.
Unlike WikiLeaks, Openleaks will not receive and publish information directly for the public eye. Instead, other organizations will access the Openleaks system and in turn, present their audience with the material. Documents will be processed and published by various collaborating bWe intend to split the work in a way where we handle only the anonymity and receiving end of the information,b says another colleague.
According to the internal documents shared with DN.se, Openleaks intends to establish itself as a neutral intermediary bwithout a political agenda except from the dissemination of information to the media, the public, non-
profit organizations, trade- and union organizations and other participating groups.b
bAll editorial control and responsibility rests with the publishing organization. We will, as far as possible, take the role of the messenger between the whistleblower and the organization the whistleblower is trying to cooperate with,b says one anonymous informant.
Another intended consequence is to avoid the pressure from world leaders that WikiLeaks has experienced.
bAs a result of our intention not to publish any document directly and in our own name, we do not expect to experience the kind of political pressure which WikiLeaks is under at this time. In that aspect, it is quite interesting to see how little of politicians' anger seems directed at the newspapers using WikiLeaks sources.b
Translation: Majsan BostrC6m.
Ossi Carp, ossi.carp at dn.se
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2010-10-08 14:35:11
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> cryptome-hack3.htm 
October 3, 2010
Cryptome: Steps of the Cryptome hack on the morning of 2 October 2010.
1. The Cryptome email account at Earthlink was accessed by unknown means and its access password changed.
2. According to emailed notifications from Network Solutions (NSI) retreived after email access was restored, the hacker requested information about Cryptome's multiple accounts by using the email address.
3. With a password guessed or stolen by unknown means the Cryptome.org management account at NSI was accessed.
4. All 54,000 files (some 7GB) were deleted and the account password 5. NSI was sending emails of the account management modifications.
6. The hack was discovered by lack of access to email or to the Cryptome.org NSI account.
7. A call to NSI support restored all files from a back-up except for the previous two days.
8. An Earthlink online support chat restored email access and showed the NSI emails about management changes.
9. New passwords for Earthlink and NSI were set.
10. Email is not stored at Earthlink. What undelivered email might have been deleted by the hacker is unknown, the NSI and a couple of spam emails were awaiting delivery.
11. The other Cryptome accounts hosted by NSI do not seem to have been 12. This is the second shutdown hack in 14 years. Except the one by Microsoft abusing DMCA.
7 October 2010
Most recent news reports are based on Wired's unsubstantiated allegations of the Cryptome hack, luridly smeared "a breach of Cryptome's secret-
spilling files on sources." Wired is known for its hype and distortion of "evidence" and unsubstantiated allegations from publicity-seeking hackers

@_date: 2011-12-01 21:39:08
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> WikiLeaks: The Spy Files 
thousands of pages and other materials exposing the global mass  surveillance industry
Mass interception of entire populations is not only a reality, it is a
secret new industry spanning 25 countries
It sounds like something out of Hollywood, but as of today, mass
interception systems, built by Western intelligence contractors,
including for bpolitical opponentsb are a reality. Today WikiLeaks began
releasing a database of hundreds of documents from as many as 160
intelligence contractors in the mass surveillance industry. Working with
Bugged Planet and Privacy International, as well as media organizations
form six countries b ARD in Germany, The Bureau of Investigative
Journalism in the UK, The Hindu in India, LbEspresso in Italy, OWNI in
France and the Washington Post in the U.S. Wikileaks is shining a light
on this secret industry that has boomed since September 11, 2001 and is
worth billions of dollars per year. WikiLeaks has released 287 documents
today, but the Spy Files project is ongoing and further information will
be released this week and into next year.
International surveillance companies are based in the more
technologically sophisticated countries, and they sell their technology
on to every country of the world. This industry is, in practice,
unregulated. Intelligence agencies, military forces and police
authorities are able to silently, and on mass, and secretly intercept
calls and take over computers without the help or knowledge of the
telecommunication providers. Usersb physical location can be tracked if
they are carrying a mobile phone, even if it is only on stand by.
But the WikiLeaks Spy Files are more than just about bgood Western
countriesb exporting to bbad developing world countriesb. Western
companies are also selling a vast range of mass surveillance equipment
to Western intelligence agencies. In traditional spy stories,
intelligence agencies like MI5 bug the phone of one or two people of
interest. In the last ten years systems for indiscriminate, mass
surveillance have become the norm. Intelligence companies such as
VASTech secretly sell equipment to permanently record the phone calls of
entire nations. Others record the location of every mobile phone in a
city, down to 50 meters. Systems to infect every Facebook user, or
smart-phone owner of an entire population group are on the intelligence
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-02-11 17:26:42
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Glenn Greenwald: The leaked campaign to attack WikiLeaks 
Friday, Feb 11, 2011, Glenn Greenwald
There's been a very strange episode being written about the past couple of days involving numerous parties, including me, that I now want to comment on.  The story, first reported by The Tech Herald, has been been written about in numerous places (see Marcy Wheeler, Forbes, The Huffington Post, BoingBoing, Matt Yglesias, Reason, Tech Dirt, and others), so I'll provide just the summary. Last week, Aaron Barr, a top executive at computer security firm HB Gary, boasted to the Financial Times that his firm had infiltrated and begun to expose Anonymous, the group of pro-WikiLeaks hackers that had launched cyber attacks on companies terminating services to the whistleblowing site (such as Paypal, MasterCard, Visa, Amazon and others).  In retaliation, Anonymous hacked into the email accounts of HB Gary, published 50,000 of their emails online, and also hacked Barr's Twitter and other online accounts. Among the emails that were published was a report prepared by HB Gary -- in conjunction with several other top online security firms, including Palantir Technologies -- on how to destroy WikiLeaks.  The emails indicated the report was part of a proposal to be submitted to Bank of America through its outside law firm, Hunton & Williams.  News reports have indicated that WikiLeaks is planning to publish highly incriminating documents showing possible corruption and fraud at that bank, and The New York Times detailed last month how seriously top bank officials are taking that threat.  The NYT article described that the bank's "counterespionage work" against WikiLeaks entailed constant briefings for top executives on the whistle-blower site, along with the hiring of "several top law firms" and Booz Allen (the long-time firm of former Bush DNI Adm. Michael McConnell and numerous other top intelligence and defense officials).  The report prepared by these firms was designed to be part of the Bank of America's highly funded anti-WikiLeaks campaign.
The leaked report suggested numerous ways to destroy WikiLeaks, some of them likely illegal -- including planting fake documents with the group and then attacking them when published; "creat[ing] concern over the security" of the site; "cyber attacks against the infrastructure to get data on document submitters"; and a "media campaign to push the radical and reckless nature of wikileaks activities."  Many of those proposals were also featured prongs of a secret 2008 Pentagon plan to destroy WikiLeaks. One section of the leaked report focused on attacking WikiLeaks' supporters and it featured a discussion of me.  A graph purporting to be an "organizational chart" identified several other targets, including former New York Times reporter Jennifer 8 Lee, Guardian reporter James Ball, and Manning supporter David House.  The report claimed I was "critical" to WikiLeaks' public support after its website was removed by Amazon and that "it is this level of support that needs to be disrupted"; absurdly speculated that "without the support of people like Glenn, WikiLeaks would fold"; and darkly suggested that "these are established professionals that have a liberal bent, but ultimately most of them if pushed will choose professional preservation over cause."  As The Tech Herald noted, "earlier drafts of the proposal and an email from Aaron Barr used the word 'attacked' over 'disrupted' when discussing the level of support."
In the wake of the ensuing controversy caused by publication of these documents, the co-founder and CEO of Palantir Tech, Alex Karp, has now issued a statement stating that he "directed the company to sever any and all contacts with HB Gary."  The full statement -- which can be read here

@_date: 2011-02-19 12:06:02
@_author: nettime's very avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> FBI pushes for surveillance backdoors in Web 2.0 tools 
By Ryan Singel, wired.com | Last updated about 19 hours ago
The FBI pushed Thursday for more built-in backdoors for online communication, but beat a hasty retreat from its earlier proposal to require providers of encrypted communications services to include a backdoor for law enforcement wiretaps.
FBI general counsel Valerie Caproni told Congress that new ways of communicating online could cause problems for law enforcement officials, but categorically stated that the bureau is no longer pushing to force companies like RIM, which offers encrypted e-mail for business and government customers, to engineer holes in their systems so the FBI can see the plaintext of a communication upon court order.
"Addressing the Going Dark problem does not require fundamental changes in encryption technology," Caproni said in her written testimony (PDF). "We understand that there are situations in which encryption will require law enforcement to develop individualized solutions."
("Going Dark" is the FBI's codename for its multimillion-dollar project to extend its ability to wiretap communications as they happen.)
That's a far cry from what Caproni told The New York Times last fall:
    "No one should be promising their customers that they will thumb their nose at a US court order," Ms. Caproni said. "They can promise strong encryption. They just need to figure out how they can provide us plain Those remarks indicated the FBI seemed to want to revisit the encryption wars of the 1990s. That largely ended with the government scrapping its plans to mandate backdoors in encryption, after security researchers discovered flaws in the idea, and the National Research Council concluded that strong encryption made the country safer.
But that retreat didn't satisfy Susan Landau, a privacy and cryptography expert who testified alongside Caproni in front of a House Judiciary subcommittee Thursday.
That's because the FBI is still pushing for more online-communications companies to build real-time spying capabilities into their software, which Landau said will harm innovation and introduce security flaws that will be used against American companies, government agencies and citizens.
Innovation happens too fast on the Internet to require companies that provide chat and voice-calling capabilitiesbwhich these days includes online games, social networking sites and a myriad of online chat and photo-sharing servicesbto comply with detailed wiretapping specifications that cost hundreds of dollars just to read, according to Landau.
"Requiring that Internet applications with communications systemsb[which] means anything from speak-to-tweet to Second Life to software supporting music-jam sessionsbbe vetted first will put American innovation at a global disadvantage," Landau said. "For American competitiveness it is critical that we preserve the ease and speed with which innovative new communications technologies can be developed."
And she added the wiretapping holes are serious security risks.
"Building wiretapping into communications infrastructure creates serious risk that the communications system will be subverted either by trusted insiders or skilled outsiders, including foreign governments, hackers, identity thieves and perpetrators of economic espionage," Landau said in her written testimony (PDF), pointing to incidents in Greece, Italy and the United States where equipment built to comply with US wiretapping rules were subverted. Those rules, known as CALEA, were enacted in 1994 to require phone companies to engineer their networks to be wiretap-compliant. The rules were expanded by the FCC in the George W. Bush Administration to apply to ISPs as well.
The FBI's further push for expanded powers to wiretap online communications in real time comes against the backdrop of revolutions in the Middle East that relied heavily on social media communication tools and as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for worldwide internet freedom.
"I urge countries everywhere to join the United States in our bet that an open internet will lead to stronger, more prosperous countries,b Clinton said Tuesday, speaking at George Washington University.
But Caproni argued that law enforcement officials are occasionally running into cases where criminals are using online communication tools that aren't wiretappable in real-time, because the provider had not built-in that capability. Caproni did not mention that the FBI has not encountered a single case of encryption hampering its criminal investigations for the past four years, according to reports to Congress, nor that the FBI has never run into a single case over the last 10 years where it could not get the plaintext of a target's communications.
Landau told Congress the FBI was overlooking some very good news.
"While there is a genuine problem with intercepting some communications, the FBI now has access to more communications, and more metadata about communications, than ever before in history," Landau said.
But Caproni said that's not enough and the FBI needs to find new technical solutions b though she did add that the Obama administration has no "formal position at this time" about needed changes to the law.
But she warned Congress that the country was in danger from a surveillance "As the gap between authority and capability widens, the government is increasingly unable to collect valuable evidence in cases ranging from child exploitation and pornography to organized crime and drug trafficking to terrorism and espionage -evidence that a court has authorized the government to collect," Caproni said. "This gap poses a growing threat to public safety."
Also on Thursday, the Electronic Frontier Foundation released some government documents about the FBI's so-called Going Dark program, which it got under the Freedom of Information Act. Those documents show the project dates to 2006, and that the FBI had hired high-powered consultants from the Rand Corporation and Booz Allen Hamilton to help come up with solutions.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-06-11 21:38:56
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Internet Digital Black Friday: First Bitcoin "Depression" 
Jason Mick (Blog) - June 10, 2011 7:05 PM
The day was October 28, 1929 and the sky was falling. That Monday
the DOW Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) fell 12.82 percent. History
books show that the next day the DJIA bled another 11.73 percent. Vast
amounts of wealth were wiped out in an instant.
Today modern exchanges automatically close to prevent such
catastrophic sell offs. Or, they do in the real world, at least.
But on June 10, a new kind of market -- Bitcoins suffered a massive
decline, that may signal the start of the world's first digital
I. A 30 Percent Decline in One Day
This Friday the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) was hammered, losing
172.45 points (approximately a 1.4 percent dip) to close below 12,000
for the first time since March 18, 2011 -- nearly three months ago.
Traders greeted signs of slowdowns in global markets with serious
But as bad a day as Friday was for NYSE traders, it was far worse for
those who invested in an increasingly popular digital currency --
Bitcoins (BTC). At the opening bell at Mt. Gox, the world's largest
Bitcoin exchange, a single BTC cost $28.919 USD. By mid-day that total
had plunged to $20.01 USD -- a drop of 30.8 percent.
Granted, in recent weeks the market for Bitcoins has soared upwards,
nearly tripling, due to increased demand and built in technical
issues. So perhaps this inflation was merely reactionary. Nonetheless,
it took many by surprise, as inflation on this scale had never before
been seen in the fledgling Bitcoin market.
But, wait let's not get ahead of ourselves. Why should anyone care if
Bthe itcoin market crashed?
Well, today on Mt. Gox alone, approximately $2M USD in Bitcoins were
bought and sold in 5,871 trades. That's unusual in and of itself --
only a total of $19M USD in trading volume occurred over the past six
The bottom line is that several things are clear from today's trading.
1. The Bitcoin market endured its first digital equivalent of a "bank rush" with people rushing to exchange their BTC for U.S. Dollars.     2. People have a large amount of money -- millions of USD sunk into
Bitcoins lost big in the flash crash.
3. Unlike modern markets, which automatically close to prevent massive
inflation, the digital Bitcoin markets stayed open.
4. Something major is moving the Bitcoin market in a sharp
inflationary direction, in contrast to the predict deflationary trend.
So what are Bitcoins and why is this intriguing? Let's take a look.
II. What is a Bitcoin?
Bitcoins [wiki] are virtual currency similar to the Linden Dollars
(L$) used by Second Life users.
However, unlike L$, which are ultimately controlled by Linden Labs,
a company (or "governing body" in some people's eyes), BTC have no
central authority. The currency instead relies on a peer-to-peer
system where everyone logs transactions and monetary events, prevent
false transactions.
Also, unlike the L$, the focus of BTC is to exchange the virtual
currency for real world services, not virtual ones.
People can obtain Bitcoins in two ways -- buying them or generating
To generate them, you have to run a complex math hashing algorithm,
which tries to find a new bitcoin "block". Parallel computing devices

@_date: 2011-06-13 20:13:15
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Eli Pariser: The Filter Bubble 
How the net traps us all in our own little bubbles
An invisible revolution has taken place is the way we use the net, but the increasing personalisation of information by search engines such as Google threatens to limit our access to information and enclose us in a self-
reinforcing world view, writes Eli Pariser in an extract from The Filter Eli Pariser
The Observer, Sunday 12 June 2011
Few people noticed the post that appeared on Google's corporate blog on 4 December 2009. It didn't beg attention b no sweeping pronouncements, no Silicon Valley hype, just a few paragraphs sandwiched between a round-up of top search terms and an update on Google's finance software.
Not everyone missed it. Search-engine blogger Danny Sullivan pores over the items on Google's blog, looking for clues about where the monolith is headed next, and to him, the post was a big deal. In fact, he wrote later that day, it was "the biggest change that has ever happened in search engines". For Danny, the headline said it all: "Personalised search for Starting that morning, Google would use 57 signals b everything from where you were logging in from to what browser you were using to what you had searched for before b to make guesses about who you were and what kinds of sites you'd like. Even if you were logged out, it would customise its results, showing you the pages it predicted you were most likely to click Most of us assume that when we google a term, we all see the same results b the ones that the company's famous Page Rank algorithm suggests are the most authoritative based on other pages' links. But since December 2009, this is no longer true. Now you get the result that Google's algorithm suggests is best for you in particular b and someone else may see something entirely different. In other words, there is no standard Google any more.
It's not hard to see this difference in action. In the spring of 2010, while the remains of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig were spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico, I asked two friends to search for the term "BP". They're pretty similar b educated white left-leaning women who live in the north-east. But the results they saw were quite different. One saw investment information about BP. The other saw news. For one, the first page of results contained links about the oil spill; for the other, there was nothing about it except for a promotional ad from BP. Even the number of results returned differed b 180 million for one friend and 139 million for the other. If the results were that different for these two progressive east-coast women, imagine how different they would be for my friends and, say, an elderly Republican in Texas (or, for that matter, a businessman in With Google personalised for everyone, the query "stem cells" might produce diametrically opposed results for scientists who support stem-cell research and activists who oppose it. "Proof of climate change" might turn up different results for an environmental activist and an oil-company executive. A huge majority of us assume search engines are unbiased. But that may be just because they're increasingly biased to share our own views. More and more, your computer monitor is a kind of one-way mirror, reflecting your own interests while algorithmic observers watch what you click. Google's announcement marked the turning point of an important but nearly invisible revolution in how we consume information. You could say that on 4 December 2009 the era of personalisation began.
With little notice or fanfare, the digital world is fundamentally changing. What was once an anonymous medium where anyone could be anyone b where, in the words of the famous New Yorker cartoon, nobody knows you're a dog b is now a tool for soliciting and analysing our personal data. According to one Wall Street Journal study, the top 50 internet sites, from CNN to Yahoo to MSN, install an average of 64 data-laden cookies and personal tracking beacons each. Search for a word like "depression" on Dictionary.com, and the site installs up to 223 tracking cookies and beacons on your computer so that other websites can target you with antidepressants. Open a page listing signs that your spouse may be cheating, and prepare to be haunted with DNA paternity-test ads. The new internet doesn't just know you're a dog: it knows your breed and wants to sell you a bowl of premium dog food.
The race to know as much as possible about you has become the central battle of the era for internet giants like Google, Facebook, Apple and Microsoft. As Chris Palmer of the Electronic Frontier Foundation explained to me: "You're getting a free service, and the cost is information about you. And Google and Facebook translate that pretty directly into money." While Gmail and Facebook may be helpful, free tools, they are also extremely effective and voracious extraction engines into which we pour the most intimate details of our lives. Your smooth new iPhone knows exactly where you go, whom you call, what you read; with its built-in microphone, gyroscope and GPS, it can tell whether you're walking or in a car or at a While Google has (so far) promised to keep your personal data to itself, other popular websites and apps make no such guarantees. Behind the pages you visit, a massive new market for information about what you do online is growing, driven by low-profile but highly profitable personal data companies like BlueKai and Acxiom. Acxiom alone has accumulated an average of 1,500 pieces of data on each person on its database b which includes 96% of Americans b along with data about everything from their credit scores to whether they've bought medication for incontinence. And any website b not just the Googles and Facebooks of the world b can now participate in the fun. In the view of the "behaviour market" vendors, every "click signal" you create is a commodity, and every move of your mouse can be auctioned off within microseconds to the highest commercial bidder.
As a business strategy, the internet giants' formula is simple: the more personally relevant their information offerings are, the more ads they can sell, and the more likely you are to buy the products they're offering. And the formula works. Amazon sells billions of dollars in merchandise by predicting what each customer is interested in and putting it in the front of the virtual store. Up to 60% of US film download and DVD-by-mail site Netflix's rentals come from the guesses it can make about each customer's In the next three to five years, says Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg, the idea of a website that isn't customised to a particular user will seem quaint. Yahoo vice president Tapan Bhat agrees: "The future of the web is about personalisationb& now the web is about 'me'. It's about weaving the web together in a way that is smart and personalised for the user." Google CEO Eric Schmidt enthuses that the "product I've always wanted to build" is Google code that will "guess what I'm trying to type". Google Instant, which guesses what you're searching for as you type, and was rolled out in the autumn of 2010, is just the start b Schmidt believes that what customers want is for Google to "tell them what they should be doing next".
It would be one thing if all this customisation was just about targeted advertising. But personalisation isn't just shaping what we buy. For a quickly rising percentage of us, personalised news feeds like Facebook are becoming a primary news source b 36% of Americans aged under 30 get their news through social-networking sites. And Facebook's popularity is skyrocketing worldwide, with nearly a million more people joining each day. As founder Mark Zuckerberg likes to brag, Facebook may be the biggest source of news in the world (at least for some definitions of "news"). And personalisation is shaping how information flows far beyond Facebook, as websites from Yahoo News to the New York Times-funded startup News.me cater their headlines to our particular interests and desires. It's influencing what videos we watch on YouTube and what blog posts we see. It's affecting whose emails we get, which potential mates we run into on OkCupid, and which restaurants are recommended to us on Yelp b which means that personalisation could easily have a hand not only in who goes on a date with whom but in where they go and what they talk about. The algorithms that orchestrate our ads are starting to orchestrate our lives.
The basic code at the heart of the new internet is pretty simple. The new generation of internet filters looks at the things you seem to like b the actual things you've done, or the things people like you like b and tries to extrapolate. They are prediction engines, constantly creating and refining a theory of who you are and what you'll do and want next. Together, these engines create a unique universe of information for each of us b what I've come to call a filter bubble b which fundamentally alters the way we encounter ideas and information. Of course, to some extent we've always consumed media that appealed to our interests and avocations and ignored much of the rest. But the filter bubble introduces three dynamics we've never dealt with before.
First, you're alone in it. A cable channel that caters to a narrow interest (say, golf) has other viewers with whom you share a frame of reference. But you're the only person in your bubble. In an age when shared information is the bedrock of shared experience, the filter bubble is a centrifugal force, pulling us apart.
Second, the filter bubble is invisible. Most viewers of conservative or liberal news sources know that they're going to a station curated to serve a particular political viewpoint. But Google's agenda is opaque. Google doesn't tell you who it thinks you are or why it's showing you the results you're seeing. You don't know if its assumptions about you are right or wrong b and you might not even know it's making assumptions about you in the first place. My friend who got more investment-oriented information about BP still has no idea why that was the case b she's not a stockbroker. Because you haven't chosen the criteria by which sites filter information in and out, it's easy to imagine that the information that comes through a filter bubble is unbiased, objective, true. But it's not. In fact, from within the bubble, it's nearly impossible to see how biased it is.
Finally, you don't choose to enter the bubble. When you turn on Fox News or read The New Statesman, you're making a decision about what kind of filter to use to make sense of the world. It's an active process, and like putting on a pair of tinted glasses, you can guess how the editors' leaning shapes your perception. You don't make the same kind of choice with personalised filters. They come to you b and because they drive up profits for the websites that use them, they'll become harder and harder to avoid.
Personalisation is based on a bargain. In exchange for the service of filtering, you hand large companies an enormous amount of data about your daily life b much of which you might not trust friends with. These companies are getting better at drawing on this data to make decisions every day. But the trust we place in them to handle it with care is not always warranted, and when decisions are made on the basis of this data that affect you negatively, they're usually not revealed.
Ultimately, the filter bubble can affect your ability to choose how you want to live. To be the author of your life, professor Yochai Benkler argues, you have to be aware of a diverse array of options and lifestyles. When you enter a filter bubble, you're letting the companies that construct it choose which options you're aware of. You may think you're the captain of your own destiny, but personalisation can lead you down a road to a kind of informational determinism in which what you've clicked on in the past determines what you see next b a web history you're doomed to repeat. You can get stuck in a static, ever- narrowing version of yourself b an endless And there are broader consequences. In Bowling Alone, his book on the decline of civic life in America, Robert Putnam looked at the problem of the major decrease in "social capital" b the bonds of trust and allegiance that encourage people to do each other favours, work together to solve common problems, and collaborate. Putnam identified two kinds of social capital: there's the in-group-oriented "bonding" capital created when you attend a meeting of your college alumni, and then there's "bridging" capital, which is created at an event like a town meeting when people from lots of different backgrounds come together to meet each other. Bridging capital is potent: build more of it, and you're more likely to be able to find that next job or an investor for your small business, because it allows you to tap into lots of different networks for help.
Everybody expected the internet to be a huge source of bridging capital. Writing at the height of the dotcom bubble, Tom Friedman declared that the internet would "make us all next-door neighbours". In fact, this idea was the core of his thesis in The Lexus and the Olive Tree: "The internet is going to be like a huge vice that takes the globalisation system b& and keeps tightening and tightening that system around everyone, in ways that will only make the world smaller and smaller and faster and faster with each passing day."
Friedman seemed to have in mind a kind of global village in which kids in Africa and executives in New York would build a community together. But that's not what's happening: our virtual neighbours look more and more like our real-world neighbours, and our real-world neighbours look more and more like us. We're getting a lot of bonding but very little bridging. And this is important because it's bridging that creates our sense of the "public" b the space where we address the problems that transcend our narrow self-
We are predisposed to respond to a pretty narrow set of stimuli b if a piece of news is about sex, power, gossip, violence, celebrity or humour, we are likely to read it first. This is the content that most easily makes it into the filter bubble. It's easy to push "Like" and increase the visibility of a friend's post about finishing a marathon or an instructional article about how to make onion soup. It's harder to push the "Like" button on an article titled "Darfur sees bloodiest month in two years". In a personalised world, important but complex or unpleasant issues b the rising prison population, for example, or homelessness b are less likely to come to our attention at all.
As a consumer, it's hard to argue with blotting out the irrelevant and unlikable. But what is good for consumers is not necessarily good for citizens. What I seem to like may not be what I actually want, let alone what I need to know to be an informed member of my community or country. "It's a civic virtue to be exposed to things that appear to be outside your interest," technology journalist Clive Thompson told me. Cultural critic Lee Siegel puts it a different way: "Customers are always right, but people The era of personalisation is here, and it's upending many of our predictions about what the internet would do. The creators of the internet envisioned something bigger and more important than a global system for sharing pictures of pets. The manifesto that helped launch the Electronic Frontier Foundation in the early 1990s championed a "civilisation of Mind in cyberspace" b a kind of worldwide metabrain. But personalised filters sever the synapses in that brain. Without knowing it, we may be giving ourselves a kind of global lobotomy instead.
Early internet enthusiasts like web creator Tim Berners-Lee hoped it would be a new platform for tackling global problems. I believe it still can be, but first we need to pull back the curtain b to understand the forces that are taking the internet in its current direction. We need to lay bare the bugs in the code b and the coders b that brought personalisation to us.
If "code is law", as Creative Commons founder Larry Lessig declared, it's important to understand what the new lawmakers are trying to do. We need to understand what the programmers at Google and Facebook believe in. We need to understand the economic and social forces that are driving personalisation, some of which are inevitable and some of which are not. And we need to understand what all this means for our politics, our culture and our future.
Adapted from The Filter Bubble by Eli Pariser.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2011-05-06 11:12:41
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Homeland Security Request to Take Down MafiaaFire Add-on 
for information, usually market information and occasionally subpoenas. Recently the US Department of Homeland Security contacted Mozilla and requested that we remove the MafiaaFire add-on.  The ICE Homeland Security Investigations unit alleged that the add-on circumvented a seizure order DHS had obtained against a number of domain names.   Mafiaafire, like several other similar  add-ons already available through AMO, redirects the user from one domain name to another similar to a mail forwarding service.  In this case, Mafiaafire redirects traffic from seized domains to other domains. Here the seized domain names allegedly were used to stream content protected by copyrights of  professional sports franchises and other media Our approach is to comply with valid court orders, warrants, and legal mandates, but in this case there was no such court order.  Thus, to evaluate Homeland Securitybs request, we asked them several questions similar to those below to understand the legal justification:
- Have any courts determined that the Mafiaafire add-on is unlawful or illegal in any way? If so, on what basis? (Please provide any relevant - Is Mozilla legally obligated to disable the add-on or is this request based on other reasons? If other reasons, can you please specify.
- Can you please provide a copy of the relevant seizure order upon which your request to Mozilla to take down the Mafiaafire  add-on is based?
To date webve received no response from Homeland Security nor any court One of the fundamental issues here is under what conditions do intermediaries accede to government requests that have a censorship effect and which may threaten the open Internet. Others have commented on these practices already.  In this case, the underlying justification arises from content holders legitimate desire to combat piracy.  The problem stems from the use of these government powers in service of private content holders when it can have unintended and harmful consequences.  Longterm, the challenge is to find better mechanisms that provide both real due process and transparency without infringing upon developer and user freedoms traditionally associated with the Internet.  More to come.
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2012-04-21 17:38:36
@_author: nettime's_roving_reporter 
@_subject: <nettime> NYT > Krugman > The New Hungarian Secret Police 
April 19, 2012, 6:59 pm
The New Hungarian Secret Police
   Another Hungary post from my Princeton colleague Kim Lane Scheppele,
   after the jump.
   The New Hungarian Secret Police
   Kim Lane Scheppele
   Tuesday 17 April 2012
   Brad Pitt knows all about the TEK, Hungary's new counter-terrorism
   police.
   When Pitt was in Budapest last October shooting World War Z, an
   upcoming zombie-thriller, TEK agents [42]seized 100 machine guns,
   automatic pistols and sniper rifles that had been flown to Hungary for
   use as props in the movie. The weapons were disabled and came with no
   ammunition. But the Hungarian counter-terrorism police determined that
   they constituted a serious threat.
   The dead-pan seizure of movie props made TEK the laughing stock of the
   world. As David Itzkoff [43]joked in the pages of the New York Times,
   "If Hungary ever finds itself the target of an undead invasion, its
   police force should now be well supplied to defend the nation."
   Few have taken TEK seriously. But that is a big mistake. In fact, TEK
   seems to be turning into Prime Minister Viktor Orban's own secret
   police. In less than two years, TEK has amassed truly Orwellian powers,
   including virtually unlimited powers of secret surveillance and secret
   data collection.
   The speaker of the Parliament, Laszls Kvvir, now has his own armed
   guard too, since the Parliament yesterday passed a law that creates a
   separate armed police force accountable to the Parliament. It too has
   extraordinary powers not normally associated with a Parliamentary
   guard. The creation of this "Parlia-military" gives Hungary the dubious
   distinction of having the only Parliament in Europe with its own armed
   guard that has the power to search and "act in" private homes.
   About the Parlia-military, more later. First, to TEK.
   TEK was created in September 2010 by a governmental decree, shortly
   after the Fidesz government took office. TEK exists outside the normal
   command structure of both the police and the security agencies. The
   Prime Minister directly names (and can fire) its head and only the
   interior minister stands between him and the direct command of the
   force. It is well known that the head of this force is a very close
   confidante of the Prime Minister.
   TEK was set up as an anti-terror police unit within the interior
   ministry and given a budget of 10 billion forints (about $44 million)
   in a time of austerity. Since then, it has grown to nearly 900
   employees in a country of 10.5 million people that is only as big as
   Indiana.
   Why was TEK necessary? When it was created, the government said that it
   needed TEK because Hungary would hold the rotating presidency of the
   European Union starting in January 2011. During the six months it held
   this office, Hungary could be expected to host many important meetings
   for which top anti-terrorism security would be necessary. But even
   though Hungary's stint in the EU chair is over, TEK has continued to
   grow.
   Eyebrows were raised when Janos Hajdu, Orban's personal bodyguard, was
   appointed directly by the prime minister to be the first head of this
   new agency. Since TEK's job also included guarding the prime minister,
   some believed that Orban had set up the office to get his trusted
   bodyguard onto the public payroll. Patronage turns out to be the least
   of the worries about TEK, however.
   TEK is now the sort of secret police that any authoritarian ruler would
   love to have. Its powers have been added slowly but surely through a
   series of amendments to the police laws, pushed through the Parliament
   at times when it was passing hundreds of new laws and when most people,
   myself included, did not notice. The new powers of TEK have received
   virtually no public discussion in Hungary. But now, its powers are
   huge.
   What can the TEK do?
   TEK can engage in secret surveillance without having to give reasons or
   having to get permission from anyone outside the cabinet. In an
   amendment to the police law passed in December 2010, TEK was made an
   official police agency and was given this jurisdiction to spy on
   anyone. TEK now has the legal power to secretly enter and search homes,
   engage in secret wiretapping, make audio and video recordings of people
   without their knowledge, secretly search mail and packages, and
   surreptitiously confiscate electronic data (for example, the content of
   computers and email). The searches never have to be disclosed to the
   person who is the target of the search - or to anyone else for that
   matter. In fact, as national security information, it may not be
   disclosed to anyone. There are no legal limits on how long this data
   can be kept.
   Ordinary police in Hungary are allowed to enter homes or wiretap phones
   only after getting a warrant from a judge. But TEK agents don't have to
   go to a judge for permission to spy on someone - they only need the
   approval of the justice minister to carry out such activities. As a
   result, requests for secret surveillance are never reviewed by an
   independent branch of government. The justice minister approves the
   requests made by a secret police unit operated by the interior
   minister. Since both are in the same cabinet of the same government,
   they are both on the same political team.
   TEK's powers were enlarged again in another set of amendments to the
   police law passed on 30 December 2011, the day that many other laws
   were passed in a huge end-of-year flurry. With those amendments, TEK
   now has had the legal authority to collect personal data about anyone
   by making requests to financial companies (like banks and brokerage
   firms), insurance companies, communications companies (like cell phone
   and internet service providers) - as well as state agencies. Data held
   by state agencies include not only criminal and tax records but also
   educational and medical records - and much more. Once asked, no private
   company or state agency may refuse to provide data to TEK.
   Before December 2011, TEK had the power to ask for data like this, but
   they could only do so in conjunction with a criminal investigation and
   with the permission of the public prosecutor. After December 2011,
   their data requests no longer had to be tied to criminal investigations
   or be approved by the prosecutor. In fact, they have virtually no
   limits on what data they can collect and require no permission from
   anyone.
   If an organization (like an internet service provider, a bank or state
   agency) is asked to turn over personally identifiable information, the
   organization may not tell anyone about the request. People whose data
   have been turned over to TEK are deliberately kept in the dark.
   These powers are shocking, not just because of their scope, but also
   because most Hungarians knowledgeable about constitutional law would
   probably have thought they were illegal. After the changes of 1989, the
   new Hungarian Constitutional Court was quick to dismantle the old
   system in which the state could compile in one place huge amounts of
   personal information about individuals. In its "PIN number" decision of
   1991, the Constitutional Court ruled that the state had to get rid of
   the single "personal identifier number" (PIN) so that personally
   identifiable data could no longer be linked across state agencies. The
   Court found that "everyone has the right to decide about the disclosure
   and use of his/her personal data" and that approval by the person
   concerned is generally required before personal data can be collected.
   It was the essence of totalitarianism, the Court found, for personal
   information about someone to be collected and amassed into a personal
   profile without the person's knowledge.
   With that Constitutional Court decision still on the books and not
   formally overruled, the Fidesz government is reproducing the very
   system that the Court had banned by creating a single agency that can
   gather all private information about individuals in one place again.
   What, one might ask, is left of constitutional law in Hungary?
   One might also ask: Are there any limits to TEK's power?
   The law specifies that TEK operates both as a police and as a national
   security agency. When it is acting as a police unit, it has the
   jurisdiction to spy on any person or group who poses a threat of
   terrorism, along with anyone else associated with such persons.
   Hungary, like many countries after 9/11, has a broad definition of
   terrorism that includes, among other things, planning to commit a
   "crime against the public order" with the purpose of "coercing a state
   body . . . into action, non-action or toleration." Crimes against the
   public order include a long list of violent crimes, but also the vaguer
   "causing public danger." In addition, TEK also may arrest "dangerous
   individuals," a term not defined in the criminal law. It is difficult
   from the text of the law itself to see any clear limits on TEK's
   powers.
   And TEK is very active. On April 7, TEK agents were called in to
   [44]capture a young man in the small village of Kulcs who killed four
   members of his family with a machete. And then, in the early morning
   hours of Friday, April 13, TEK agents conducted a major drug bust in
   Budapest, arresting 23 people. According to news reports, fully 120 TEK
   agents were involved in the drug operation, [45]raising questions about
   whether the drug bust was thought to be part of the anti-terrorism
   mission of the agency or a rather broad extension of the concept of the
   "dangerous individual." Either way, the drug ring looked like
   garden-variety crime. If that is within TEK's jurisdiction, it is hard
   to imagine what is not.
   A You-Tube video of the April 13 drug bust, made available by TEK
   itself, shows what a middle-of-the-night raid by TEK officers looks
   like, complete with the use of heavy-duty tools to cut open an exterior
   door.
   IFRAME: [46]
   Given that this is the video that TEK wanted you to see, one can only
   imagine the activities of TEK that are not recorded for posterity. (It
   would be interesting to know, for example, why the audio cuts out at
   certain points in the clip, as well as what happens between the time
   that TEK breaks open the door and the time the various suspects are
   seen lying handcuffed on the floor.)
   While its videos are crystal clear, TEK's legal status is blurry, as
   some parts of its activities are authorized under the police law and
   others parts are authorized under the national security law. Different
   rules and standards apply to police agencies and to national security
   agencies. Moreover, TEK seems to have some powers that exceed those of
   both police and national security agencies, particularly in its ability
   to avoid judicial warrants. No other agency in the Hungarian government
   has both police and national security powers, and it is unclear
   precisely how the agency is accountable - for which functions, under
   what standards and to whom. What follows is my best guess from reading
   the law.
   With respect to its powers authorized under the police law, it appears
   that TEK must act like the police and get judicial warrants to search
   houses, to wiretap and to capture electronic data when these activities
   are part of a criminal investigation. When TEK was arresting the
   machete-wielder and making the drug bust, it was probably acting under
   its police powers.
   But TEK only need judicial warrants when it is engaged in criminal
   investigations. It doesn't need judicial warrants when it is using its
   secret surveillance powers in security investigations. When it is
   acting as a national security agency, TEK only needs the permission of
   the justice minister to engage in secret and intrusive surveillance. Of
   course, given that the permissions and constraints are different
   depending on whether TEK is acting as a police agency or a national
   security agency, it would matter who decides whether a particular
   activity is conducted for police or national security purposes and what
   the criteria are for determining that it is one or the other. The law
   does not provide the answer to either question.
   Suppose someone believes that she has been spied upon illegally by TEK.
   What can she do to object? First, if TEK is engaged in secret
   surveillance or data collection, it is unlikely that people will know
   that they are a target, given the extraordinary secrecy of the whole
   operation. But even if one finds out that one is being watched, the
   remedies are not encouraging.
   A person aggrieved by TEK's actions may complain to the interior
   minister, and the interior minister must answer the complaint within 30
   days. But given that the interior minister is the minister who controls
   TEK in the first place, this is not an independent review. If the
   complainant does not like the answer of the interior minister, s/he may
   appeal to the Parliament's national security committee, which must
   muster a one-third vote to hear the petition. At the moment, the
   12-member national security committee consists of two-thirds governing
   party members and one-third members of all other parties combined. If
   the governing party does not want to investigate a complaint, garnering
   a one-third vote would mean uniting the whole opposition - or, to put
   it in more blunt terms, getting the Socialists to work with the
   neo-Nazis. That is unlikely to happen. Even if the national security
   committee agrees to hear a petition, however, it would take a
   two-thirds vote of the committee to require the interior minister to
   reveal the surveillance methods used against the complainant so that
   the committee can determine whether they were legal. There is no
   judicial review at any stage of this process.
   TEK operates in secret with extraordinary powers and no one reliably
   independent of the current governing party can review what it is doing
   when it uses its most potentially abusive powers. This shocking
   accumulation of power may explain the Hungarian government's abolition
   of a separate data protection ombudsman who would have the power to
   investigate such shocking accumulation of data. Instead, the data
   protection officer - a post required by European Union law - has been
   made a political appointee of the government itself. This is why the EU
   has [47]launched an infringement action against Hungary for failing to
   guarantee the independence of the office. Now we can see why the EU may
   be onto something.
   As if the powers of TEK are not enough, though, Parliament yesterday
   authorized another security service with the power to use police
   measures against citizens and residents of Hungary. The cardinal law on
   the Parliament itself contains a provision that gives the Parliament
   its own military, a Parlia-military.
   The Parlia-military is an armed police unit outside the chain of
   command of the regular military or police structures. Its commander in
   chief is the speaker of the house, Laszls Kvvir, who served as minister
   without portfolio for the Civilian Intelligence Services during the
   first Orban government from 1998-2002. The Parlia-military has the
   power to guard the Parliament and the speaker of the house, as might be
   expected. But if the Parlia-military is only supposed to guard the
   Parliament and the speaker, why does it need the powers that the
   cardinal law gives it?
   The law gives the Parlia-military power "to enter and to act in private
   homes." That's literally what the law says. It is unlikely that the
   Parliament will want to conduct a plenary session in someone's living
   room, so one must then wonder just what the Parliament will do if its
   armed military enters someone's home to "act." In addition to this
   power, the Parlia-military may also make public audio and video
   recordings of people. It can also search cars, luggage and clothing. It
   can use handcuffs and chemical substances (which I assume means tear
   gas and nothing more, but the wording make it sound like the
   Parlia-military may use chemical weapons!). The draft law seems to
   imply that the Parlia-military would have to operate under the
   constraints of the police law, which would mean that it would need
   judicial warrants to conduct these intrusive measures. But that is not
   completely clear. What is clear is that Hungary now suffers from a
   proliferation of police that are under direct political control.
   Until this point, I have thought that the Fidesz government was just
   attempting to lock down power for itself for the foreseeable future,
   which was bad enough. But now, with the discovery of these new security
   services, it seems increasingly likely that the Hungarian government is
   heading toward the creation of a police state. Actually, it may already
   be there. But shhhh! It's secret.
B) 2012 The New York Times Company
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2012-03-22 08:39:35
@_author: nettime's avid reader 
@_subject: <nettime> Worldbs First Flying File-Sharing Drones in Action 
Worldbs First Flying File-Sharing Drones in Action
March 20, 2012
A few days ago The Pirate Bay announced that in future parts of its site  could be hosted on GPS controlled drones. To many this may have sounded  like a joke, but in fact these pirate drones already exist. Project  bElectronic Countermeasuresb has built a swarm of five fully operational  drones which prove that an baerial Napsterb or an bairborne Pirate Bayb is not as futuristic as it sounds.
In an ever-continuing effort to thwart censorship, The Pirate Bay
plans to turn flying drones into mobile hosting locations.
bEveryone knows WHAT TPB is. Now theybre going to have to think about  WHERE TPB is,b The Pirate Bay team told TorrentFreak last Sunday,  announcing their drone project.
Liam Young, co-founder of Tomorrowbs Thoughts Today, was amazed to read  the announcement, not so much because of the technology, because his group has already built a swarm of file-sharing drones.
bI thought hold on, we are already doing that,b Young told TorrentFreak.
Their starting point for project bElectronic Countermeasuresb was to  create something akin to an baerial Napsterb or bairborne Pirate Bayb, but it became much more than that.
bPart nomadic infrastructure and part robotic swarm, we have rebuilt and  programmed the drones to broadcast their own local Wi-Fi network as a form of aerial Napster. They swarm into formation, broadcasting their pirate network, and then disperse, escaping detection, only to reform elsewhere,b says the group describing their creation.
File-Sharing Drone in Action (photo by Claus Langer)
picture of a sharing drone
In short the system allows the public to share data with the help of  flying drones. Much like the Pirate Box, but one that flies autonomously  over the city.
bThe public can upload files, photos and share data with one another as  the drones float above the significant public spaces of the city. The  swarm becomes a pirate broadcast network, a mobile infrastructure that  passers-by can interact with,b the creators explain.
One major difference compared to more traditional file-sharing hubs is  that it requires a hefty investment. Each of the drones costs 1500 euros  to build. Not a big surprise, considering the hardware thatbs needed to  keep these pirate hubs in the air.
bEach one is powered by 2x 2200mAh LiPo batteries. The lift is provided by 4x Roxxy Brushless Motors that run off a GPS flight control board. Also on deck are altitude sensors and gyros that keep the flight stable. They all talk to a master control system through XBee wireless modules,b Young told bThese all sit on a 10mm x 10mm aluminum frame and are wrapped in a vacuum formed aerodynamic cowling. The network is broadcast using various different hardware setups ranging from Linux gumstick modules, wireless routers and USB sticks for file storage.b
For Young and his crew this is just the beginning. With proper financial  support they hope to build more drones and increase the range they can  bWe are planning on scaling up the system by increasing broadcast range  and building more drones for the flock. We are also building in other  systems like autonomous battery change bases. We are looking for funding  and backers to assist us in scaling up the system,b he told us.
Those who see the drones in action (video below) will notice that theybre not just practical. The creative and artistic background of the group shines through, with the choreography performed by the drones perhaps even more stunning than the sharing component.
bWhen the audience interacts with the drones they glow with vibrant  colors, they break formation, they are called over and their flight  pattern becomes more dramatic and expressive,b the group explains.
Besides the artistic value, the drones can also have other use cases than being a bpirate hub.b For example, they can serve as peer-to-peer  communications support for protesters and activists in regions where  Internet access is censored.
Either way, whether itbs Hollywood or a dictator, there will always be  groups that have a reason to shoot the machines down. But letbs be honest, who would dare to destroy such a beautiful piece of art?
Worlds First File-Sharing Drone
-> #  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org
