
@_date: 2001-08-25 16:24:36
@_author: David Keirsey & AdvisorTeam 
@_subject: AdvisorTeam PersonalityZone Newsletter - August 2001 
PersonalityZone N E W S L E T T E R by AdvisorTeam - August, 2001
Click here for the enhanced online version of our newsletter:
IN THIS ISSUE:
  TEMPERAMENT IN ACTION: What's Your Learning Style?
  DREAM DATE CONTEST : And The Winners Are...   NEW ROOMMATES: How to Get Along with Yours This Year
  @ ADVISORTEAM: Unlock The Gift of Personality!
  CAREER 911: Does Your Job Match Your Temperament?
  CARTOON: Temperament On The Beach
TEMPERAMENT IN ACTION: What's Your Learning Style? AdvisorTeam Explores the Four Temperament Learning Styles Most of us start (or started) back to school each year full of
enthusiasm and ambition. This year, we say, "I will buckle down,
stay on top of things, and get good grades." How often does that
promise become a reality? Understanding your personality, and how
it affects your learning style can lead to greater academic success,
less guilt, and more fun!
DREAM DATE CONTEST: And The Winners Are... Read the Winning Entries
In our June newsletter, AdvisorTeam announced our dream date
contest. A $250 dream date prize was offered to the individual or
couple who sent in the best story about how temperament improved
their relationship.
Congratulations to our dream date contest winner, Dianne Englot,
who shared her story about how type helped her understand and
better appreciate her new husband.
NEW ROOMMATES: How To Get Along With Yours A Big Part of Your Success This Year May Depend on It
Living together as roommates is one of the most challenging kinds
of relationships. When your college assigns you a roommate, or
when you and a friend move in together for the first time, it may
take some effort to understand your own needs and those of your
roommate. Learning about personality type and temperament can help
you improve how you communicate with each other. @ ADVISORTEAM Unlock The Gift Of Personality!
Empower a friend, relative, or coworker with the gift of
personality. For only $14.95, they can unlock the in-depth
insights provided in the Keirsey AdvisorTeam Report to celebrate
their differences. Click here to purchase the Keirsey Temperament
Sorter II and Keirsey-AdvisorTeam Report. DOES YOUR JOB MATCH YOUR TEMPERAMENT? You Deserve A Satisfying Career!
Career911 is a career counseling, coaching and testing service.
Its skilled staff brings its time-tested approach to the
electronic marketplace. This approach will help you combine
knowledge about yourself with the world of work. When you are more
knowledgeable, you can make the informed decisions that lead to a
satisfying career. CARTOON  Jeni Rae Duschak with "Temperament on the Beach"
Cartoonist Jeni Rae Duschak reveals an example of temperament on
the beach from her summer vacation. SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION: PersonalityZone(TM) by AdvisorTeam is a FREE newsletter for
AdvisorTeam members, and anyone else who wants to understand
themselves better. Sent monthly, PersonalityZone gives you new
insight into your yourself, and provides ways to meaningfully use
that knowledge in your daily life. Feel free to pass this
newsletter on to friends or family, and encourage them to take
the first step towards a better understanding of themselves by
taking the Keirsey Test! You received this message because you are a registered member
of AdvisorTeam. To alter your delivery settings, To forward this newsletter to a friend, please If you would like to be removed from future newsletter mailings,
please To sign up for other free special offers from AdvisorTeam, please Copyright 2001 AdvisorTeam.com, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 2001-06-08 17:05:54
@_author: David Keirsey & AdvisorTeam 
@_subject: AdvisorTeam PersonalityZone Newletter - June 2001 
AdvisorTeam PersonalityZone N E W S L E T T E R - June, 2001
Click here for the enhanced online version of our newsletter:
IN THIS ISSUE:
 TEMPERAMENT IN ACTION: What's Your Dad's Type?
 GIFT GUIDE : What Does Dad Want?  MOVIE REVIEW: Pearl Harbor
 NEW ADVISORTEAM SERVICES: Give The Gift of Personality!
 CARTOON: Prom Night: Meet Dad
TEMPERAMENT IN ACTION: What's Your Dad's Type? AdvisorTeam Explores the Four Temperaments of Dad Your Dad may have seemed a bit of a mystery to you growing up.
Find out what he may have been thinking all those years by learning
about the Guardian, Artisan, Idealist and Rational Dads.
GIFT GUIDE: What Does Dad Want? Ties?, Golf Balls?, or Leather Appointment Calendars?
Find out how well you know your Dad...
Then get him what he really wants this Father's Day.
MOVIE REVIEW: Pearl Harbor Special Effects, But No Special People
The creative process can be mysterious. Do great authors
intentionally craft temperament (or any other theory of human
psychology) into their characters? Or do fully dimensional
characters selectively make their visitations into the heads of
certain writers?
ADVISORTEAM SERVICES Give The Gift Of Personality To Dad!
Share the gift of personality with your father, or with a friend,
relative, or coworker. For only $14.95, you and your father can
use the in-depth insights provided in the Keirsey AdvisorTeam
Report to celebrate your differences. Click below to purchase the
Keirsey Temperament Sorter II and Keirsey AdvisorTeam Report for
Dad and send him a personalized Father's Day message. CARTOON Jeni Rae Duschak with "Prom Night: Meet Dad"
Cartoonist Jeni Rae Duschak gives her take on what it's like for
a date to meet Dad, accompanied by Barbara Saunders' descriptions
of father-child interaction.  SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION: AdvisorTeam PersonalityZone is a FREE newsletter for AdvisorTeam
members, and anyone else who wants to understand themselves
better. Sent monthly, AdvisorTeam PersonalityZone gives you new
insight into your yourself, and provides ways to meaningfully use
that knowledge in your daily life. Feel free to pass this
newsletter on to friends or family, and encourage them to take
the first step towards a better understanding of themself by
taking the Keirsey Test! You received this message because you are a registered member
of AdvisorTeam. To alter your delivery settings, To forward this newsletter to a friend, please If you would like to be removed from future newsletter mailings,
please To sign up for other free special offers from AdvisorTeam, please Copyright 2001 AdvisorTeam.com, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 2001-11-01 11:59:32
@_author: David Keirsey & AdvisorTeam 
@_subject: A New Look for PersonalityZone(tm) - October 2001   
PersonalityZone N E W S L E T T E R by AdvisorTeam - October, 2001
Click here for the enhanced online version of our newsletter:
IN THIS ISSUE:
  OUR NEW LOOK: Come See The New Look Of Your Personality
  TEMPERAMENT IN ACTION: A New Way To Discover Yourself
  @ ADVISORTEAM: Career Services - Counseling and Assessment
  CAREER 911: Does Your Job Match Your Temperament?
  CARTOON: Personalities At Work
OUR NEW LOOK: Come See AdvisorTeam's New Look We've Redesigned Our Site And Added New Services
We now feature easier navigation and improved products and
services. Be sure to check out the career (including the
 and relationship areas,
as well as our new IQ test. Tell us what you think:
 at advisorteam.com. Come and see the new look of  today!
TEMPERAMENT IN ACTION: Discover Your Intelligences AdvisorTeam Offers A New Way To Discover Yourself The American education system embraces I.Q. testing as a quick way
to rate student ability. As intelligence psychologist Arthur Jensen
wrote, "Achievement itself is the school's main concern. I see no
need to measure anything other than achievement itself."
AdvisorTeam supports intelligence testing for psychological
research and for personal awareness.
@ ADVISORTEAM Career Services - Counseling And Assessment Many people want to know what kind of job they are suited for,
based on the fact they are of a certain type. Is there a program using the precepts of Temperament Theory to
help in finding a career or a job? Read on, then be sure to
explore the links on the left. But remember, they are merely a
starting point. @ ADVISORTEAM Unlock The Gift Of Personality!
Empower a friend, relative, or coworker with the gift of
personality. For only $14.95, they can unlock the in-depth
insights provided in the Keirsey AdvisorTeam Report to celebrate
their differences. Click here to purchase the Keirsey Temperament
Sorter II and Keirsey-AdvisorTeam Report. DOES YOUR JOB MATCH YOUR TEMPERAMENT? You Deserve A Satisfying Career!
 is a career counseling, coaching and testing service.
Its skilled staff brings its time-tested approach to the
electronic marketplace. This approach will help you combine
knowledge about yourself with the world of work. When you are
more knowledgeable, you can make the informed decisions that lead
to a satisfying career. CARTOON  Jeni Rae Duschak Presents "Personalities At Work"
Visit the new PersonalityZone and view four illustrations of
temperament on the job. Read about what motivates each of the four
temperaments in their occupations.
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION: PersonalityZone(TM) by AdvisorTeam is a FREE newsletter for
AdvisorTeam members, and anyone else who wants to understand
themselves better. Sent monthly, PersonalityZone gives you new
insight into your yourself, and provides ways to meaningfully use
that knowledge in your daily life. Feel free to pass this
newsletter on to friends or family, and encourage them to take
the first step towards a better understanding of themselves by
taking the Keirsey Test! You received this message because you are a registered member
of AdvisorTeam. To alter your delivery settings, To forward this newsletter to a friend, please If you would like to be removed from future newsletter mailings,
please To sign up for other free special offers from AdvisorTeam, please Copyright 2001 AdvisorTeam.com, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 2001-09-18 13:02:24
@_author: AdvisorTeam 
@_subject: Aid and understanding... 
We at AdvisorTeam are horrified and saddened by the events of
September 11. All of our lives, and our sense of safety and
security, have been immeasurably changed. Our thoughts and prayers
are with the victims, their families and friends, and with all of
those people whose lives have been directly affected. We're grateful
to those who are at the site contributing to the ongoing relief and
rescue efforts.
In an effort to help, we are sending you this special newsletter.
In it, we provide information about ways you can show support, as
well as some suggestions for understanding and coping with symptoms
of stress and anxiety.
During the days and weeks to come, it is to be expected that many
of us may experience unpleasant symptoms, including those listed
below. These vary with each individual and tend to diminish
gradually as time passes. We believe that temperament theory is a useful source of
understanding about the human condition and contains some wisdom
that can help us deal with extreme situations.
As you try to understand your reactions, as well as those of your
loved ones, friends and others with whom you come in contact, keep
in mind that we all have certain core needs. We usually speak of
Artisans, Guardians, Idealists, and Rationals as if they were "four
kinds of people." In reality, the temperaments are clusters of
traits and needs that represent four patterns of the human
experience, each of which comes to play in every one of us. It's
important to remember that we're all affected by these patterns,
particularly when we are jolted out of our usual routines. Our feelings of well-being are affected when we experience
temporary restrictions on our freedoms; disruption of the order and
structure that we take for granted in our daily lives; a shock that
may have brought up questions of "meaning"; and a loss of our sense
of control.
You and the people around you may experience some of the following
symptoms, which may or may not be connected to your conscious
thoughts, opinions, or feelings about the events. At a very basic
level, they are how we respond to disequilibrium - manifestations
of the "flight or fight response."
 - Increased or decreased need for food, sex, and/or sleep  - Social withdrawal or increased need for social contact
 - Irritability or anger
 - Being easily startled
 - Restlessness
 - Mood swings
 - Difficulty concentrating, "spacey-ness"
 - Preoccupation with troubling thoughts, images, or nightmares
 - Feelings of fear or hopelessness, or of personal responsibility  - Shock or denial
 - Grieving Here are some things you can do to manage your anxiety:
 1. Be aware that you and people around you may be affected.
 2. If your symptoms are severe, speaking with a counselor or
    clergy member may help.
 3. Be patient with yourself and with other people.
 4. Acts of kindness can make a world of difference, not just to
    those to whom they are directed, but also to those who perform
    them.
If you would like to be removed from our e-mail list, please opt-out
