
@_date: 1995-02-13 00:59:18
@_author: News auto-reply daemon 
@_subject: Automatic reply to your test message   (lwall) 
This is an automatic reply, to let you know that a test message from you
(or listing your address in the Reply-To header) recently arrived here
at news system "ee.und.ac.za", which is in the Electronic Engineering
department at the University of Natal, Durban, South Africa.
A lot of people are confused by automatic reply messages, so this
message tries quite hard to explain what is going on.  If you have any
good suggestions for ways in which the wording of this message can be
improved, please send them to .
Some of the reasons people post test messages is to check whether their
news system is correctly configured to let their messages get out, and
to check whether their mail system is correctly configured to let mail
get back to them.  Because of these uses of test messages, some news
administrators -- trying to be helpful -- configure their news systems
to send automatic responses.
It is possible that somebody tricked you into posting a test message, or
that somebody else forged a test message that either appeared to be from
you or directed replies to you.  If that is what happened to you, then
you may be able to use the information below to help you to track down
the perpetrator.
Each message in almost all of the *.test newsgroups is a considered
as a candidate for an automatic reply like this one.  If the message
header or the first few lines of the body contains any of the phrases
"ignore", "no reply", "do not reply" or a few other variants, then
the message is ignored.  If the message does not contain any of those
trigger phrases, then the auto-replier sends back a reply like this
one.  (If you get more than one copy of this reply, that might mean
that there is a problem in the mail system; please ask your local mail
administrator for help.)
It's too late to have any effect on this message, because this reply
has already been sent, but in future, if you do not want to receive
automatic replies like this, then you should either refrain from posting
messages to the *.test newsgroups, or ensure that your postings to the
*.test newsgroups contain the trigger phrases that will cause your
messages to be ignored by auto-repliers.  Please also note that name
has not been added to any kind of subscription list, so there's no need
to try to unsubscribe or to send "ignore" messages back via electronic
By the way, this site receives messages in certain newsgroups, or with
certain distributions, that some people might consider to be unusual for
a site in South Africa.  We do that deliberately, so please don't be too
If you want to write to the human who administers the news system that
generated this auto-reply message, the address should work.
