
@_date: 2002-07-08 00:22:18
@_author: Ng Pheng Siong 
@_subject: Windows Internet security tools 
Hi,                                                                             I reckon this is a good crowd to ask this of. I'm helping a Win98-using friend acquire some Internet usage security.  I
think he needs at least the following: 1. An anti-virus package. (Google reports a free-for-personal-use one at
2. PGP,  My friend uses Eudora. What is a good Eudora PGP
shell? (I use GPG. I'm assuming GPG interoperates with, say, PGP 7.)
3. A disk/file encryption tool. Any to recommend? (Free for personal use
4. One of those personal firewall/anti-snoopware thingy?
5. Anything else?
TIA. Cheers.                                                                    (Please cc replies. I'm not subscribed to the list.)

@_date: 2003-04-15 00:42:52
@_author: Ng Pheng Siong 
@_subject: Swiss ISPs Required to Log and Store Email for Six Months 
Transparent outgoing HTTP proxying has been deployed for years now. Not
too difficult for the ISP to also "provide" transparent outgoing SMTP
proxying. So, even with your own colo mail relay, you'd still want SMTP-over-SSL
whenever possible, between your desktop(s) and your relay, and between your
relay and elsewhere.

@_date: 2003-06-04 10:34:52
@_author: Ng Pheng Siong 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Start by looking up the OpenSSL wrappers for your favourite high-level
"scripting" language. There exists wrappers for Perl, Python, tcl, Ruby,
etc. Some popular languages have several.
Many of these programming language environments come with HTTP server
implementations, and many of the OpenSSL wrappers hook into said HTTP
server code to add HTTPS, and a number demonstrate how to do client-side
My M2Crypto adds HTTPS to the popular web application server Zope
( and has some code to hook client-side certificates into
Zope's own user authentication machinery. (By faking HTTP basic
authentication, just like Apache's SSL do.) Once you have that, you can
choose to serve whatever content you want.
It seems HMAC'ing cookies are getting popular for this purpose.
OpenACS, another popular web application server uses this:
   My Python crypto kit has an implementation of the scheme described here:
    I'll be interested to hear this list's view on such schemes. From my
app-plumber's perspective, such a technique for is good enough provided it
is 'secure' enough.
People understand passwords. Private keys, certificates, smart cards, etc.,
are more difficult. (I recall a paper on PGP UI useability testing called
"Why Johnny cannot encrypt" or something like that.)
Actually, this is the crypto-wielding-open-source-hacker-wannabe's wet
dream: So what you need now to track (or generate strong) passwords is a
GUI "password safe"! (Like the one offered on (the old?) Counterpane site.)
Again, Perl, Python, Ruby, yada yada, you name it, people are going to
implement them for free. ;-)
Especially since there are usually 3-5 GUI toolkits and 2-4 database toolkits
for these language environments. Enough combinations to suit everyone.
