
@_date: 2011-08-21 19:12:16
@_author: Nick Daly 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] A Simple Server Setup Guide 
Hi Freedombox folks,
I find Eben Moglen's ideals and your project rather inspiring.  I found
them so inspiring that I decided to see if I could create a
Freedombox-similar-server to fit my
dehierarchicalization-through-plug-computer needs.
I think I succeeded.  Right now, my server is running in a VM on my
laptop (because I don't yet have a plug-computer) and it's not yet
reachable over the internet (because my router is physically incapable
of forwarding ports) but, right now, it runs just beautifully inside of
128MB RAM, and 2GB disk-space.
Importantly, I wrote up my experiment in a tutorial [0] for any
like-minded person to follow.  If you have the time and interest, I'd
appreciate if anyone on the list could give it a read-through and send
me some feedback on it - improvements, security holes, any comments at
all, really.  Let me know what you think!
Thanks for your time,
0: PS: I'd appreciate if anyone could offer ideas on how to make
Freedomboxes (or similar servers) reachable over the internet, through
ISPs that fight *really* hard (through their policies and standard
hardware) to prevent users from hosting or serving anything.  I'm
looking for hackier solutions than "change ISPs" because, thanks to the
monopoly American ISP market, that option's mostly irrelevant.  (Is
there some sort of DNS alternative out there?)

@_date: 2012-07-24 20:35:32
@_author: Nick M. Daly 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Would you sign a key with a pseudonymous 
Probably.  Given how researchers could uniquely re-identify a third of
nameless Twitter and Flickr users based on the social graph alone [0],
you might either want to avoid key signing or avoid any overlapping
(reference) social interaction.
Also, how'd we get back to "web-of-trust" vs. "web-of-verified-identity"
again?  Given all the different social understandings of the issues in
different contexts, the relevant interpretation seems User * Context
based (e.g., 5 users * 6 contexts = 30 interpretations).  As Jonas
mentioned, social standards can offer direction but the choice and
interpretation still seems based, ultimately, on the user and signing
0: Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2012-06-29 21:16:49
@_author: Nick M. Daly 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] FreedomBox Unstable Image 2012.0629 Available 
Hi folks, welcome to the fourth weekly FreedomBox test image and progress This image is designed to allow anyone to test the current state of the FreedomBox.  However, it's not yet a complete privacy solution, so you should rely on other, more established, solutions until we produce a stable release.  This is not a stable or complete release.
The image is available at:
      Tonight's image was produced with:
   $ make weekly-card
The image includes several FreedomBox-related projects.  The changes are changes made by project contributors in the last week that have made it into the test image.  The outstanding TODOs are the changes needed before the beta-release is complete.  If you'd like to contribute in any way, fork and send me a pull request.
Freedom Maker:    Changes:
   - The weekly card is now a make target.
   Outstanding TODOs:
   - Build the first run config/setup.
   - The setup process generates keys for user.
   - Setup generates keys for the box itself.
   - Turn DHCP on by default (on first boot).
   - Enable Wireless Access Point (WAP) by default.
Plinth:  Changes:
 - Santiago (FreedomBuddy) gained a UI and JSON output.
 Outstanding TODOs:
 - Turn DHCP on/off through Plinth
 - Select DHCP or Static IP in Plinth
 - Integrate basic OpenVPN settings into Plinth
 - Integrate Dnsmasq into Plinth
 - Point "fbx" and "freedombox" URLs to the Plinth UI
 - Integrate FreedomBuddy into Plinth.
 - Hook FreedomBuddy into OpenVPN.
 - Hook FreedomBuddy into SSH.
FreedomBox Privoxy:  Outstanding TODOs:
 - Privoxy should use the released HTTPS Everywhere regexp.
 - Add enabling and disabling Privoxy to the Plinth UI.
PlugServer Setup:  Outstanding TODOs:
 - Integrate into Freedom Maker.
With SQLite:  No known TODOs, this is complete.
Errata:  - The Freedom Maker version on the card doesn't have the  weekly-card changes, because I was testing it by building the card.  I didn't really feel like rebuilding the entire card after it worked the first time.  - Tom Galloway contributed a FreedomBuddy SSH VPN service that I didn't have time to integrate into this week's image. Thanks for your time,
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2013-04-18 20:31:48
@_author: Nick M. Daly 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Fw: Biometrically locked external hard drive! 
I received this email earlier today and thought the list might enjoy the
references.  Taken together, they make a good warning.  I'd appreciate
it if folks could provide other suggestions for keeping data safe.
Thank Pete fingerprints are so hard to acquire that not even law
enforcement can pull them from crime scenes, make copies, and scan them
into some kind of giant national database:
Thank Pete it's so difficult to copy a fingerprint that three amateurs
can't do it:
Thank Pete most materials, especially glass, plastic, or any smooth
surface, like those found on our electronics, or even paper, can't
record a fingerprint for later retrieval:
Keep in mind who you're protecting yourself from.  I'd rely on
passwords or, if I was really concerned, some sort of encryption key
kept on some sort of external drive with a password:
Sorry, but I had to.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at
