
@_date: 1998-08-25 13:01:17
@_author: mail 
@_subject: I called you at work but you weren't there? 
JUST RELEASED...
30,000,000 Email Addresses! Plus 12 Bonuses...
Including Free Stealth 3.0 Bulk EMail Software...($399.00 value)
These addresses are the freshest on the internet.
EARN INSANE PROFITS WITH THE RIGHT FORMULA
If you have a product, service, or message that you would like to get out to Thousands, Hundreds of Thousands, or even Millions of people, you have several options.Traditional methods include print advertising, direct mail, radio, and television advertising. They are all effective, but they all have two catches: They're EXPENSIVE and TIME CONSUMING. Not only that, you only get ONE SHOT at making your message heard, by the right people.
The INTERNET, the "Global Communications Frontier" has changed this dramatically, including making countless individuals wealthy. "Electronic Marketing," as it's commonly referred to, has effectively leveled the playing fields of all types businesses.
Internet Marketing Group has been in the online marketing business for over 5 years. We can help make your goals come true. We have helped many individuals succeed in marketing their product effectively. It's very simple to do. In fact soon you will have the problem of what to do with all the cash you will make from sending out bulk email. Here is just one of many true success stories we have seen...
We did a mailing of 1 1/2 million emails for one of our customers. He was selling a home workers manual for $29.95. His results are very typical and scary. He took in over 700 orders! 700 x $29.95 = $20,000. This gentleman was so amazed, that after being skeptical, it had really happened to him, he made it, he found a niche. That niche was email! He went on to buy our full list and will be set for life in less than six months time. All this from selling a simple manual via That was just one of the many success stories we hear everyday. It may all sound to good to be true. Well, we can tell you this. It really does work. Why else are so many individuals doing it? They are not just wasting their time. They are all making mega Don't even hesitate on this one or you will miss out on the most effective way to market anywhere..PERIOD!
HERE'S THE BOTTOM LINE AND WHAT WE CAN DO FOR YOU!
Here is what you get when you order today!
Multiple files of 250,000 or greater (no codes needed to open files). You will receive email addresses of the following domains... AOL, PRODIGY, COMPUSERVE, DELPHI, GENIE, JUNO, PIPELINE, INTERAMP, MSN, MCI, and 5 MILLION OTHER MIXED EMAIL ADDRESSES (.com, .net). All names listed above are seperated in files by domain name for your convenience.
PLUS THESE BONUS SPECIALS...
to load our names into these 2 Distribution List Software's (which will create Distribution Lists Saving you hours of work) for immediate, around the clock launching! You can whip out as many distribution lists as you like, and depending on the speed of your modem and the length of your message, you will be able to send out around
10,000 to 30,000 messages per hour for free.
in the world. You can drive it for free. This product sends over 250,000 emails per hour. It's yours to use forever. This is nota demo version.  It's the full working version!
files for you.
de-compressing a compressed file. It will come in handy when dealing with files of zip format.
on the internet and what offers work and which ones to stay clear of. Also we will show you where to find web designers for free and much, much more.
* A list of 6 (or more) servers that work in getting out your email
* The free website for your business or product
* A website that contains millions of email addresses
YOU GET EVERYTHING FOR ONLY $189.00 $50.00 from the listed price. Limited time only! We have previously sold the seven manuals alone for over $400. Now you can have the complete package for the low price of only $139.00
Don't even hesitate on this one.. Reserve yours today!
All lists are completely free of any Duplicates. We also on a continual basis, add New Names and Remove Undeliverables and Remove Requests. The result is the Cleanest Email Addresses Available Anywhere to use over and over again, for a FRACTION of the cost that other companies charge. Typical rates for acquiring email lists are from 1 cent to as high as 3 cents per email address - that's
"INFORMATION HIGHWAY" ROBBERY!.
                     How do I protect my e.mail address?
1st of all, send your e.mail with the Stealth Mass Mailer. This program will
protect your email address while sending your e.mail at speeds of up to
250,000 messages per hour (28.8 connection).
2nd, collect your inquiries and remove requests via AutoResponders . Using
AutoResponders, you don't even have to read the flames. Just move them to
your remove list and forget about them!
To be instantly removed from all mailing lists go to: Start earning mega money and get started now!
To order our email package, simply print out the EZ Order form below and call us anytime.
We accept Visa ,Mastercard,American Express, Personal Check or Money Order.
Best of Luck!!
We apologize if this e.mail was sent to you in error.
To be permanently removed from all mailing lists simply
go to: Thank You!
