
@_date: 1998-11-17 08:18:37
@_author: Nilsphone@aol.com 
@_subject: Attempt by UK govt to plug tax hole... 
NOTE the word "harmful" below, used three times, mainly meaning
"harmful competition by offering lower tax rates".
Now, this is very interesting, if unsurprising. Theoretically, there is no particular reason why competition in tax rates, i.e. essentially in the provision of government services at a lower price, should be "harmful" in any sense differing from competition in supplying any other service.
Naturally, the supplier of a particular service (or product) tends to think of competition in his own arena as "harmful", whereas competition in any
other is generally a "public good". This is obviously nothing but self-
the putative robber barons of the last century presumably thought of competiton in petroleum, rail transportation and whatnot as "harmful", as did
United and American when airline service opened to competition some
20 years ago.
What makes the assertions of the British and other G7 governments particularly irksome is that they simultanaeously advocate competition
in most areas, except their own, and at the same time make a - usually implicit - claim to represent some kind of public good, and a claim to holding the moral high ground.
Nils Andersson
In a message dated 1998-11-16 12:34 Pacific Standard Time, jf_avon at citenet.net

@_date: 1998-11-26 05:15:28
@_author: Nilsphone@aol.com 
@_subject: Interesting tidbit about media controlling and censoringopinions, Web Pol... 
I have noticed something else: Our networks (NBC, ABC, CBS etc) will interview a politician, on camera, and then immediately afterwards tell the viewers/listeners WHAT HE SAID!
I am not talking about commentary, extrapolations, consequences, comparison
with other opinions, commantaries about the truth or falsehood of what whas
no, the TVnetspeakcritter will  say "Well, we heard President Ougadougou
Cleptocrate say that....." even when the interviewee spoke English, or was dubbed. Bye the way, for reasons related to those in the original mail, I much prefer
subtitles to dubbing, as the speaker's voice gives away many clues, even if I
am unfamiliar with his language.
Nils Andersson
they can
