
@_date: 1995-01-06 20:48:25
@_author: nissim@acs.bu.edu 
@_subject: Peter D. Lewis 
I'm unfamiliar with what it is people have against Kevin Kelly.
Why "wanton scum"?  people might want to send mail not cc:ed to
cypherpunks to keep the list from experiencing too much of a burden

@_date: 1995-01-06 23:55:20
@_author: nissim@acs.bu.edu 
@_subject: what to do about live video - all the time? 
I've just invented a big hassle, and if I don't start the patent process someone else will.
Picture a near future in which your shirt or walkman is a 360 degree video camera sensing live video across visible and other spectra.  Your shirt
sends out a signal to your home computer, Your home computer archives your
daily environment and activities for you.
You have been sold this device on several premises.
For now I'll assume the device actually works as claimed.  It is affordably priced.  Any normal person who has a car alarm, walkman,
or laptop PC is apt to have one.  You even get a small discount on your
health insurance.  Maybe your local taxes go down as your district
votes to reduce the # of cops.
For now, we assume that all the output of your video shirt
is securely encrypted when it leaves the Vshirt.
Year 0:  The devices are so rare the police don't think to ask
Year 3:	 The police subpeona Vshirts they know to be in the
Year 3.1 While reviewing Vshirt tapes police note that non-case
At this point the scene bifurcates wildly:  Do the police say,
"look, this is happening anyway, we need 24 hour video surveillance
of everything - if nothing else to protect ourselves in court."
However slight the infraction, we are all lawbreakers.  Do we have a right to 'not testify against ourselves" by refusing to decrypt?  Can we buy (ugh.) an "attorney-client privlege" box that hold all of our data Keys
in a legal fiction that the courts currently respect?  Will the 5th fare any better than the 1st and second amendments?
Will the state issue a "statute of limitations" on data-recorded
crime, so that you can't be arrested for last year's public drunkenness?
Will Vshirt makers make, or be allowed to make, devices that create
-absolutely no residue- data keys?  that way, if you want to
protect yourself from what you happened last thursday you can set the
keystrip on fire and nobody, not even you, has a hope of ever decrypting?
What thoughtful Pro-freedom arguments can be constructed to deal with this device and its social fallout?  What thoughtful software and hardware
can be created?
The device does not yet exist, but component parts can be assembled for
less than $2000 and 17oz weight that do a fair job of mimicking it.
VoicePGP is a great jumping-off place...will there be a VideoPGP,
or rather an optimized-for-videoPGP coming soon?  If I've
christened its existence now.  I hereby declare the application of Public+private key cryptography as it especially applies to picture, live picture, and/or video transmission to be public domain.   (Surely I'm not the first, but this can't hurt.)
Write.  Talk.  Create.  Protect yourselves.
ObLameJoke:					   Well, as far as I know none of my relatives were killed by Stalin, or Mao, or interned in WWII, or blacklisted, or even jailed.  I suppose a few were drafted.  I guess it's about time for the forces of authority to reach into my little corner of the gene pool and crush me too.  I mean, I'm missing out!  Treon Verdery, posting under the auspices of Adam Almog

@_date: 1995-01-09 10:51:09
@_author: nissim@acs.bu.edu 
@_subject: positive publicity for anonymity 
I've just posted a proposal to alt.config for a new group
I'm hoping that temporary workers will use this as a forum to
compare and contrast temp agencies, wage differences, 'permanent
hire penalties' etc.
There are about 4.4 million business service temps in the US.  Wage
differentials are noticeable - one egency will pay $2.00 more than
another; this means $320/month to a temp worker.
I expect temps to use anonymous posting capabilities to compare
wage rates and company patterns *anonymously* because they may fear
discrimination from their agencies. (I know I would)
This seems like a very positive use of anonymity.  Not only will
millions of people on the bottom rung of office life be able to
gain advantage by information, there are clear parallels to
areas in the past of the left where unions and workers rights
were seen as causes of first importance.  In fact, the troubles involved in being temporary have been championed
several times on television.  This might make a good counterargument
to 'teenagers and pipe bombs'  If we say anonymity is a tool that
helps up to 3-4% of the work force make intelligent choices and get
paid more we may key into the left wing slant of the media.
Treon Verdery
(not posting from Adam's account this time!)
