
@_date: 1992-12-05 14:50:36
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: test 
This is a test of my new anon-remailer based on Hal's code.  It does not
yet feature pgp (pgp is having a hard time compiling on soda, but that
will change soon...)
To use it, just use the Anon-To: field in the header and mail
to hh at soda.berkeley.edu
There will soon be an even fancier remailer at soda (and not running out
of my account).  Details as they become available.

@_date: 1992-12-05 19:21:20
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: remailers 
Remailers are proliferating!  Several more will be coming on line soon!
Two thoughts:
Remailers should keep a directory of other remailers, along with their
keys.  They should, at random intervals, send messages to other remailers,
selected at random.  They should have a field like
Purpose:  traffic-analysis
If a remailer on this "ring" sees this field, it will have, say, a 90%
chance of remailing to another remailer in the ring, again, encrypted and
with the traffic-analsysis field.
This will cause a certain amount of random traffic between remailers.  A
traffic-analysis message could bounce around many times before finally
ending up in the great /dev/null.
We need two other things:  overseas remailers (for those of us who live
under US law).  Domestic (US) remailers could have their archives searched
with a searchwarant.  However, if your mail has gone accross the oceans a
few times, it would be pretty much impossible to get the neccessary warrants
and cooperation in all the countries its been through.
I'll set up a European remailer if someone else will.
The other thing we need to do is make a list of remailers and their keys and
put it up for ftp on soda.berkeley.edu in ~ftp/pub/cypherpunks.  In fact,
there could be an automatic service, whereby remailers automatically send
mail to a remailer at soda, listed their keys and protocols, and the soda
remailer automatically updates a remailer directory.

@_date: 1992-12-06 12:44:52
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
Like several people (I guess), I am working on an implementation of
digital cash.  Because of the possible legal repurcussions, I'd prefer
to remain anonymous at this time.  Thanks to the efforts of the people
on this list, this is now possible.
My implementation is pretty far along.  It uses PGP modules for the
arithmetic, so the speed is good.  It works on Unix and I should be
able to get it working on MSDOS in a day or two.  Sorry, I don't have
the ability to work on a Mac version.
Here are some of the features.  The basic cash algorithm is the Chaum
system which was posted here.  Multiple denominations are supported,
using different exponents for each denomination.  The program is
presented in the context of a package to be used for an email based
game like Monopoly where the program would be used to allow cash
transfers.  One player is the "banker", and he uses a different
execution module than the other players.  The banker program keeps a
database of used note numbers which is used to detect money reuse.
The database is maintained using a freeware version of the "dbm"
package, so it should be fast even for large note number databases.
The mapping between exponents and values is as follows:
    exponent	    value
and so on, up to a value of 2e9.  The exponents are ascending primes
starting with 17.  This was chosen because you want them to be
smallish for fast note checking, but it was too slow to find primes p
and q for the bank key such that (p-1)(q-1) was not divisible by any
small primes.  The program chooses random p and then tests p-1 to make
sure it passes the divisibility test, and rejects it if not.  Too many
were being rejected when I started with an exponent of 3.  Starting
with 17 rejects about 1/2 the exponents, compared to something like
80% when I started with 3.  The "value" fields are presumed to be
cents, but could be whatever you like.
The code I've written does not do anything other than the basic
electronic cash algorithms.  It does not do bank account maintenance.
It doesn't do PGP encryption.  It doesn't send mail.  (It does have
some functions to scan and check the files created by the program.)
Cash generation is a 3 step process.  First, the user creates what I
call a "withdrawal request" packet.  This is a set of triplets of the
form (e, s, refx), where e is the exponent from the table above, s is
a 16-byte "unique identifier" used solely to link these withdrawal
requests with the returned messages from the bank, and refx is r^e * f(x).
f(x) is MD5 of x, padded to the size of the bank's modulus n using the
PGP routine which pads MD5 signatures.  This padding helps make sure the
arithmetic is more "mixing".  x is the random input to MD5, which I've
chosen as 64 bytes since that is the block size MD5 works on.  (The
output of MD5 is 16 bytes.)  r is the blinding factor.  This is now
128 bits long; longer r's take too long to calculate r^-1 in the third
step, below.  (It takes longer for PGP to calculate r^-1 than to do an
RSA decryption, for r = n = 1024 bits!)
Second, the bank program converts the withdrawal request packet into
what I call a "withdrawal" packet, by just RSA-decrypting the third
entry using the inverse exponent "d" for the value exponent "e".
(These "d" values are calculated at keygen time and stored with the
bank's key information in a private file.)  I call the return triplet
(e, s, rfxd), where e is the value exponent again, s is the same
unique identifier, and rfxd is r * f(x)^d.
(As I said above, the code I've written does not try to maintain
account balances or do any other banking functions.  It just does the
cash algorithms.  There is a routine to scan a withdrawal request and
return the total value being requested for withdrawal.  The idea was
that this could be used as input to a banking program to decide
whether to allow the withdrawal.)
Third, the "player" (e.g. user) program transforms the withdrawal
packet into a "money" packet, by un-blinding it.  To do this, it has
to recover the x and r which correspond with each triplet.  This is
done by the use of a dbm database of "pending withdrawal requests"
which is written during step 1, above.  The database entries are keyed
by (e, s) and return the corresponding (x, r) which were generated
during step 1.  Using x and r, the user transforms (e, s, rfxd) into
(e, x, fxd), the digital cash.  e is the value exponent, x is the
random 64-byte number, and fxd is f(x)^d, the signed version of the
MD5'd and padded x.
There are also player functions to scan and check a money file
(comparing a calculated f(x) to fxd^e), merge money files, and extract
some items from a money file into another money file (this last is
what is to be used for payment).  There are banker functions to check
incoming money and compare against the used-note database, and to add
incoming money to that database.  (The database consists of the
16-byte f(x) values for each note.)
I am pretty happy with the basic routines, but the user interface
needs work.  There are three kinds of files floating around
(withdrawal requests, withdrawals, and money files) and I'm worried
that this will be confusing to the user.  If he accidentally deletes
one at the wrong time he could lose money permanently.  Or if he
accidentally reuses one he could be accused of fraud.  I'm not sure
what the best model is for the user.
The specific issues of creating withdrawal messages and extracting
"bills" from a money file are areas where the user interface should be
made nice.  We want to make it easy for the user to specify exactly
what denominations he wants to work with.  One possibility is to
simply have him input the amount (e.g. $10.55) and the program
calculates that that's a 1000, a 50, and a 5, but this isn't really
flexible enough.  A nice system would be to give him a list of options
and let him fill out a form on-screen, but that's hard to do portably.
Another idea I've had is that there should be a special money file
called the user's "wallet" which is the default place where incoming
money from the bank should go.  This might help organize things.  He
still needs to be able to create other money files for paying other
people, and remembering to delete them after he sends them.
Any suggestions or thoughts on these interface issues, or comments
about how this program could or should be integrated into a larger
system, would be appreciated.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-12-07 22:25:37
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: remailers, the prime user of bandwidth in the US (well, not yet) 
Could all remailer operators please mail me (hh at soda.berkeley.edu) the
following information so that I can set up a remailer directory?  There are
so many remailers right now that this needs to be done:
1) address to mail to. for instance, hh at soda.berkeley.edu
2) how it works. what lines to put in the header, how to give it a pgp
block, etc.
3) pgp key (if used)
4) how to contact the owner. this may be anonymous. you can easily set up
your mail delivery file to have a Purpose: field and check it for
"contact-owner" which would then forward the mail to the owner.
4) owner's name and email address (optional).
I will compile all of this information and put it up for ftp on soda.

@_date: 1992-12-12 14:25:21
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: no subject (file transmission) 
Like several people (I guess), I am working on an implementation of
digital cash.  Because of the possible legal repurcussions, I'd prefer
to remain anonymous at this time.  Thanks to the efforts of the people
on this list, this is now possible.
My implementation is pretty far along.  It uses PGP modules for the
arithmetic, so the speed is good.  It works on Unix and I should be
able to get it working on MSDOS in a day or two.  Sorry, I don't have
the ability to work on a Mac version.
Here are some of the features.  The basic cash algorithm is the Chaum
system which was posted here.  Multiple denominations are supported,
using different exponents for each denomination.  The program is
presented in the context of a package to be used for an email based
game like Monopoly where the program would be used to allow cash
transfers.  One player is the "banker", and he uses a different
execution module than the other players.  The banker program keeps a
database of used note numbers which is used to detect money reuse.
The database is maintained using a freeware version of the "dbm"
package, so it should be fast even for large note number databases.
The mapping between exponents and values is as follows:
    exponent	    value
and so on, up to a value of 2e9.  The exponents are ascending primes
starting with 17.  This was chosen because you want them to be
smallish for fast note checking, but it was too slow to find primes p
and q for the bank key such that (p-1)(q-1) was not divisible by any
small primes.  The program chooses random p and then tests p-1 to make
sure it passes the divisibility test, and rejects it if not.  Too many
were being rejected when I started with an exponent of 3.  Starting
with 17 rejects about 1/2 the exponents, compared to something like
80% when I started with 3.  The "value" fields are presumed to be
cents, but could be whatever you like.
The code I've written does not do anything other than the basic
electronic cash algorithms.  It does not do bank account maintenance.
It doesn't do PGP encryption.  It doesn't send mail.  (It does have
some functions to scan and check the files created by the program.)
Cash generation is a 3 step process.  First, the user creates what I
call a "withdrawal request" packet.  This is a set of triplets of the
form (e, s, refx), where e is the exponent from the table above, s is
a 16-byte "unique identifier" used solely to link these withdrawal
requests with the returned messages from the bank, and refx is r^e * f(x).
f(x) is MD5 of x, padded to the size of the bank's modulus n using the
PGP routine which pads MD5 signatures.  This padding helps make sure the
arithmetic is more "mixing".  x is the random input to MD5, which I've
chosen as 64 bytes since that is the block size MD5 works on.  (The
output of MD5 is 16 bytes.)  r is the blinding factor.  This is now
128 bits long; longer r's take too long to calculate r^-1 in the third
step, below.  (It takes longer for PGP to calculate r^-1 than to do an
RSA decryption, for r = n = 1024 bits!)
Second, the bank program converts the withdrawal request packet into
what I call a "withdrawal" packet, by just RSA-decrypting the third
entry using the inverse exponent "d" for the value exponent "e".
(These "d" values are calculated at keygen time and stored with the
bank's key information in a private file.)  I call the return triplet
(e, s, rfxd), where e is the value exponent again, s is the same
unique identifier, and rfxd is r * f(x)^d.
(As I said above, the code I've written does not try to maintain
account balances or do any other banking functions.  It just does the
cash algorithms.  There is a routine to scan a withdrawal request and
return the total value being requested for withdrawal.  The idea was
that this could be used as input to a banking program to decide
whether to allow the withdrawal.)
Third, the "player" (e.g. user) program transforms the withdrawal
packet into a "money" packet, by un-blinding it.  To do this, it has
to recover the x and r which correspond with each triplet.  This is
done by the use of a dbm database of "pending withdrawal requests"
which is written during step 1, above.  The database entries are keyed
by (e, s) and return the corresponding (x, r) which were generated
during step 1.  Using x and r, the user transforms (e, s, rfxd) into
(e, x, fxd), the digital cash.  e is the value exponent, x is the
random 64-byte number, and fxd is f(x)^d, the signed version of the
MD5'd and padded x.
There are also player functions to scan and check a money file
(comparing a calculated f(x) to fxd^e), merge money files, and extract
some items from a money file into another money file (this last is
what is to be used for payment).  There are banker functions to check
incoming money and compare against the used-note database, and to add
incoming money to that database.  (The database consists of the
16-byte f(x) values for each note.)
I am pretty happy with the basic routines, but the user interface
needs work.  There are three kinds of files floating around
(withdrawal requests, withdrawals, and money files) and I'm worried
that this will be confusing to the user.  If he accidentally deletes
one at the wrong time he could lose money permanently.  Or if he
accidentally reuses one he could be accused of fraud.  I'm not sure
what the best model is for the user.
The specific issues of creating withdrawal messages and extracting
"bills" from a money file are areas where the user interface should be
made nice.  We want to make it easy for the user to specify exactly
what denominations he wants to work with.  One possibility is to
simply have him input the amount (e.g. $10.55) and the program
calculates that that's a 1000, a 50, and a 5, but this isn't really
flexible enough.  A nice system would be to give him a list of options
and let him fill out a form on-screen, but that's hard to do portably.
Another idea I've had is that there should be a special money file
called the user's "wallet" which is the default place where incoming
money from the bank should go.  This might help organize things.  He
still needs to be able to create other money files for paying other
people, and remembering to delete them after he sends them.
Any suggestions or thoughts on these interface issues, or comments
about how this program could or should be integrated into a larger
system, would be appreciated.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-10-09 12:20:07
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: +-=*^ 
Since there has been complaints about the size of my public key
here is a more secure 512bit version, please discard the prevous key
PS: please redistribute this key asap. to others.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-10-19 23:22:30
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: More private PGP...? 
One of the things I've noticed about PGP is that it makes it pretty
obvious that you're sending an encrypted message.  The big
-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----
at the start pretty much gives that away.
In most cases, this is fine, but sometimes it may not be desirable
to make it this obvious.  Sending encrypted messages may call
unwelcome attention to yourself.  Also, some people are experimenting
with packet radio on the amateur bands, and it's not legal to send
encrypted messages there.
What I think would be nice would be an "innocent" mode for PGP
in which it created files which looked like something else.  For
example, what if your encrypted output file looked like:
begin 666 testpat.gif
MI\44: 5-4F.X<%MT
M2:V94,K;XE at B?]%IHF+_WGI%(]
M,NH0(!3B35CW 8DLB-(J R"3?EE9<.>QE4Y?T$66IA7B at W?
This will be recognizable, if you've seen many, as a uuencoded file,
a common encoding for non-ascii files.  The header line suggests
that it is a graphics file.  Tons of these types of files are sent
across email networks every day.  Sending your encrypted messages
in this form would give you a lower profile.
Still, if someone goes to the effort to uudecode your message,
and examines the resulting file, it will be obvious that it's not
a GIF file because it lacks the proper headers.  Instead, with
the current PGP implementation it will be obvious that it is in
fact a PGP file, because the header format matches the PGP spec.
Again, I think it would be better if PGP in this mode were able to
produce a file without headers which will give away what it is.  Even
better would be the ability to mimic headers of some other types
of files, such as the .ZIP, .ZOO, or Unix "compress" format which are
often used in binary files people mail around.
Another thing that I think is kind of bad about PGP in the context
of avoiding traffic analysis is that it puts the key ID of the
destination person in the header.  There was some discussion during
development of a mode in which no key ID information would be in the
header; the only way you'd have of knowing if the message was for
you was to try decrypting it.  (There is a checksum which is used
internally to tell if the decryption was done with the right key.)
This way you could broadcast messages to some group, and no one could
know which person in the group you were sending to.
These "anonymous destination" messages could be encoded with a key
ID of zeros, and the PGP software could easily be modified to let
the user try a decryption on such a message, reporting success or
How useful do these kinds of features seem to people?  Would they
really be helpful or is this just paranoia?
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-10-20 07:52:54
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Tempest. 
Re TEMPEST technology:
(Note that TEMPEST is the technology for _protection_ against electronic
eavesdropping on your computer emissions.  There is presumably a code
word for performing such snooping, but it must be secret.)
I've read that the worst emitter is your CRT screen.  In fact, they
say that you can sometimes put a TV-type monitor next to your computer
monitor and get a faint, ghosty image of your CRT screen on the second
monitor.  If you get this much without any amplification, it's under-
standable that high-quality equipment can pick up an image from a
greater distance.
The best way to avoid this, IMO, is to use a laptop.  The LCD display
of a laptop does not use the large electromagnetic fields that a CRT
display does.  Laptops also use lower power levels in general so they
should emit less.
I don't really know whether the "raw" CPU activity of your computer could
be picked up and interpreted at a distance.  With as many different
signals as there are on the address and data busses, along with all
the other wires you have, I can't really see how anything meaningful
could be picked up with remote monitoring.  It would seem that they'd
be totally jumbled.
So, for BBS use, where the system is operating automatically, I'd say
that it would be OK as long as you don't display any cleartext or
key/password information on the screen.  You could just turn the monitor
off when it's operating.  For home use, a laptop has the advantage that
it can have greater physical security (because it's smaller and more
portable), you can carry your decryption keys with you, you can download
to it at work or school and decrypt without trusting the multi-user
systems they have there, and it should be relatively immune to electro-
magnetic snooping.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-10-22 23:10:13
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Eavesdropping on a printer's signature 
While doing a summer (1980?) co-op with Raytheon Submarine Signal
division in Newport RI, a milk-truck-sized van pulled up out front
and opened a sliding side door.  Inside was a line printer
that was busy printing out the same text that an internal (in the
middle of the building, perhaps 150 feet away) line-printer was
printing.   There were mistakes, but it was readable.
My guess is that with all the electromechanical pulses the printer
was emanating this was pretty easy.  Probably harder to do with a
laser printer...

@_date: 1992-10-27 19:18:01
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: One-time pads and DC Nets 
Regarding the previous discussion about one-time pads, there is
another use for disks full of random numbers.  They can be used to
implement Chaum's DC-nets.  For the degenerate case of just two people
communicating, the DC-net is similar to using a one-time pad.
However, what you are hiding is not _what_ you are sending, but _who_
is sending it.
DC-nets ("DC" stands for "Dining Cryptographers", the example Chaum
used to introduce the idea) are designed to hide message sources among
some group of people.  The people have to be fairly well connected,
with near-real-time communications capability.  It won't really work
for people exchanging email.
For the simple two-person case, suppose as in the case of the one-time
pad that each person has an identical CD-ROM filled with random bits.
What they do is, at some predetermined rate, each person just
transmits the bits off his pad.  Both people are sending the same
When one wants to send a message, he starts toggling certain of his
bits.  To send a "1" he sends the opposite of the next bit from the
one-time pad; to send a zero he sends the correct version of the next
bit from the one-time pad.
Assuming they don't start transmitting at the same time, what an
outside observer will see is that, where before they were both
producing exactly the same bits, now they are producing a certain
number of opposite bits.  Interpreting each opposite bit as a 1, and
each case of same bits as a 0, produces a recognizable message.
But, the outside observer can't tell which person is sending that
message.  All he sees is two totally random streams of bits, which
disagree at certain spots.  Without access to the one-time pads, there
is no way for him to tell who is sending.  (Of course, the two people
involved know who is sending, since one of them is and one of them
Generalizing to larger numbers of people, you need to have a separate
one-time pad shared with each other person in the group.  In other
words, for a group of N people there has to be a total of N(N-1)/2
one-time pads; each person has N-1 of them.  That is, for each pair of
people in the group, there is a unique and secret one-time pad which
they share.  (This is for maximal security - you can get by with fewer
pads if you trust each other some.)
Now, they all send all the time.  What they send is the "XOR" of the
next bits of all their N-1 one-time pads.  It turns out that if you
then "XOR" everybody's output bits, you'll get nothing but zeros as a
result.  When someone wants to send, he sends the opposite of what he
normally would for a "1", and he sends just what he normally would for
a "0".  Collisions can be handled like ethernet - back off and
retransmit.  (Chaum had another way involving reserving future blocks
of transmit time.)
With N people sharing N-1 one-time pads per person, nobody can tell
who is transmitting.  All anyone knows is whether he himself is
transmitting or not; all an outside observer knows is that someone in
the group is transmitting.
DC-Nets eat up one-time pads even worse than using them for message
secrecy does.  But, with CD's, you can put a lot of data on a pad.
And the system is fairly robust against pads being stolen.  If one
person's one-time pads are all secretly copied by a spy, then he can
tell if that person is sending.  But he learns absolutely nothing
about which other people are sending.
I wonder if it would be possible to experiment with a DC-Net system in
the Internet environment.  I recently acquired an account on a system
with Internet connectivity (I know because I can telnet and ftp from
it).  I've done considerable programming with Unix socket
communication in systems connected by ethernet, and I think the
Internet provides a very similar programming interface.  It shouldn't
be that hard to create a very simple "chat" program in which message
sources are strictly anonymous (assuming the existance of the required
one-time pad random-number files - for testing, they could be created
by random number generators at each end, started with identical seeds).
I'll try some experiments along these lines over the next few days.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-09-23 17:28:41
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: New! Eric's Cheap Remailing Service.  Free! 
You don't know where you heard this.  There's a new service available,
and it's free.
If you send mail to with a header line of the form
then the software will strip off all the header lines (except the
But there's this rumor that he's saving all the message that pass
through.  Damn.
Mr. Crypto

@_date: 1992-09-24 19:32:44
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: through mr. crypto 
** I am also the technical consultant to the show, so your mail will not be
** falling on deft ears...
Aw it wasn't that badly engineered.

@_date: 1993-08-02 22:09:03
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: REMAIL: Anonymous posts 
Several people have asked about anonymous posting given that the utexas
gateway is blocking (some?) cypherpunks remailers.
Another possibility is to use Julf's anonymous remailer in Finland.  I'm not
sure what groups it posts to but I'm pretty sure it includes sci.crypt and
most of the alt groups.
For more security, you can mail to it from my remailer at
hfinney at shell.portal.com, and probably other cypherpunks remailers as well.
I'm pretty sure my other remailer, hal at alumni.caltech.edu, will work too.
Send mail of the form:
========================= cut ====================
Request-Remailing-To: alt.privacy at anon.penet.fi
This is a post to alt.privacy.
========================= cut ====================
This should work.
You can also use PGP encryption; encrypt that message above with the PGP
public key of my remailer, add the header:
Encrypted: PGP
and a blank line before the -----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE----- line, and send
it to the remailer.  You can chain through a bunch of cpunks remailers
using Karl's scripts for higher security.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-08-24 18:55:32
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Digital Gold 
I love this scheme, but I have two questions about it.
1) How will disputes be settled?
Some variant of the keyserver could be the public registry of gold. Can
this be done in a reasonable way, where a large part of the transaction
cost is not involved in verifying that the buyer really owns her cash? Is
there some way to make this more like a web of trust? Can it be blinded in
a way that maintains the trust but allows anonymous transactions?
2) Why should anyone value a digital gold coin in the first place? Money
has value because of people's expectation (based on experience) that if
they take it to a store they can buy stuff with it. Where will digital gold
obtain its bootstrap value? Somebody has to start using it.
My own feeling about how digicash will develop is that it will be added
into an initially non-anonymous digital based debt clearinghouse. With PGP
(etc.) we already have the means to create verifiable IOU's, contracts,
loans, etc. (Is anyone using them?) If such IOU's were used widely but
non-anonymously, it would require only a small innovation to move to
anonymity (either through blinding, or use of agents with reputations, or
?). The problem is getting any kind of online action to begin with.

@_date: 1993-08-30 10:46:22
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Apple vs. Free Software Foundation 
>When something as broad and necessary as "freedom" is at stake, it is
  >important to know who your friends are.
When my son asks me "What does 'fair' mean?", I had to answer: "It depends
on who says it."  When someone says "That's not fair!" or "I think that's
fair", most often they are not weighing abstract values; they are deciding
whether the situation is favorable to them, and describing it with charged
vocabulary to sway all other parties to their point of view.
Patents on machines are fair; but patents on really useful algorithms --
that I could actually use in my code (if it weren't for that damn patent)

@_date: 1993-02-01 22:35:41
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Remailer abuse 
What RFC 822 actually says is this:
    4.7.4.  EXTENSION-FIELD
    	A limited number of common fields have been defined in
    this document.  As network mail requirements dictate, additional
    fields may be standardized.  To provide user-defined fields with
    a measure of safety, in name selection, such extension-fields will
    never have names that begin with the string "X-".
    	Names of Extension-fields are registered with the Network
    Information Center, SRI International, Menlo Park, California.
    4.7.5.  USER-DEFINED-FIELD
    	Individual users of network mail are free to define and
    use additional header fields.  Such fields must have names which
    are not already used in the current specification or in any
    definitions of extension-fields, and the overall syntax of these
    user-defined-fields must conform to this specification's rules for
    delimiting and folding fields.  Due to the extension-field
    publishing process, the name of a user-defined-field may be pre-empted.
    Note: The prefatory string "X-" will never be used in the names of
    Extension-fields.  This provides user-defined fields with a protected
    set of names.
I must say, this is a refreshingly non-facist RFC.  There are few of
the prohibitions which we are accustomed to seeing in these "laws of
the net".  In particular, users can use any header fields they want,
as long as they aren't already used; they only risk being made obsolete
if their chosen field names become used.  That's why people use X-.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-07-06 21:07:14
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Encrypted list software 
I've had a couple of people ask to have their names added to the
encrypted list forwarder I put together.  I'm soliciting feedback on
how this service should work.
Right now, it only encrypts the "body" of the message.  The "headers",
which are the "From:" and "Subject:" lines, etc., are passed through
basically unchanged (except for "To:", which I change to be the person it
is going to.  Maybe that's unnecessary, as I notice that the cypherpunks
list puts its own address into "To:", for some reason.)  It also adds
"Encrypted: PGP" to the headers.
I wonder if it would be better for it to encrypt the whole message, headers
and body together, then to mail that with a fresh new header that would
show nothing about the original message.
The first approach hides the contents of the message, but not its subject
or who it is from; the second hides more.  Any suggestions as to which is
more useful?
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-07-31 17:13:51
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Perfect voice encryption 
Can you provide any better references to this company than a post office
box?  A phone number, perhaps, or an email address?  Are you affiliated
with them in any way?  I can't help feeling a bit paranoid about sending
my address to an unknown company when dealing with a sensitive topic like

@_date: 1993-06-01 23:30:32
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
I like Eric's idea of a terminal program which can support encryption
easily.  Here are some thoughts.
As Eric indicates, the issue is not so much building encryption into the
program but rather of having _hooks_ by which extra functionality can be
added.  Encryption should be just one capability.  Another might be to
automatically drop into a stand-alone zmodem package like dsz or gsz
so we don't have to re-implement zmodem ourselves.
We had some related discussion on this last year when we were talking
about the "crypto dongle".  This was going to be a black box which
would sit on the serial line between your PC and modem (or terminal and
host computer) and would do encryption/decryption as the characters
passed through it.
Doing it in the terminal program, I could envision a hook which watched
constantly for particular strings to be received from the host, like
"-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----".  Several such watchdogs could be active
at once.  When one of them matches, it fires off a program.  Or perhaps
it just starts logging the incoming data to a file, and when it matches
another string it fires a program.  A simple scripting language could
control these activities.
The result would be that when you receive an encrypted message, you
just list it out to your terminal and then, automatically, PGP fires up
and asks you for your pass phrase (unless you SET it ahead of time in
the PC's environment).  It then displays the message for you.
This simple model has several deficiencies.  When I log into a Unix system,
or Compuserve, or Portal's "Online" service, and read my mail, it is often
shown to me a page at a time.  This is so that I can read long messages
more easily.  Then after each message I can delete it, save it, reply to
it, etc.  If I do reply or if I want to create a new message it will drop
me into a text editor to compose the message.
The result is that the mail program you are running on the host computer
may do some munging on the PGP message, like inserting "Press RETURN for
next page" or perhaps some terminal control characters.  These would have
to be filtered out before PGP could run on the file, or you would have to
be able to suppress them when you read this message.
Also, assuming we could capture the message and run PGP on it automatically,
the resulting decrypted message will have to be saved and given a file
name.  Then if the user wants to reply to it he is going to have to leave
his terminal and run an editor.  (At least, that's what I have to do now.)
Plus, this only deals with the message-receiving problem, not the sending
I'm not sure what the solution is.  Maybe the PC program needs to be more
than a terminal program, and become more of a whole mail-processing
program.  Maybe you should just download your mail file en masse from the
host to your PC, pre-process it to replace (in place) the incoming encrypted
messages with plaintext versions (annotated to show validated signatures),
then run a PC program which will display one message at a time, let you
reply, save, etc.  This way the decryptions are done before you even look
at the mail file and incoming encrypted mail is treated on a first class
basis (the same as other mail).
Then for outgoing mail you'd like to be able to drop into a user-defined
editor which is run with a command line causing his file to be saved to
some temp file name.  Then we can automatically encrypt the outgoing mail
for him based on the destination, add a remailer chain if requested, etc.  Then he gives a command and all his replies and new mail are uploaded and
This would be pretty tough to do since there are so many different ways
of sending and receiving mail on host computers.  This would again have
to be a customizable part of the program, where we could provide modules
to deal with the common cases of Unix running "mail", elm, mh, etc., and
perhaps some of the commercial services.  BBS's would ideally be handled
as well.  Hackers could contribute scripts for supporting their favorite
mail system.
I don't know anything about SLIP, or POP, or any other fancy ways of
hooking a PC up to a workstation.  I just use it as a terminal.  Would
these other protocols help solve the problems above, problems of how
we marry an encryption program which must run on the PC with mail-handling
programs which run on another computer?
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-02 00:10:53
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Another chaining utility 
I am working on a utility I call "chain" which is inspired by
Karl Barrus's hopmail and related scripts.  I am sending this message
with the command:
chain -m -s "Another chaining utility" cypherpunks at toad.com caltech jarthur extropia soda
The "-m" means for chain to pipe its output into sendmail so that it
is actually sent (otherwise it just writes to standard out and you
have to arrange to mail it on your own).  The "-s" sets the subject
for the last leg of the message to the following arg.  Then comes the
destination address, then a list of remailer nicknames, which are just
substrings of the remailers, read from an initialization file.  This
message is passing through four remailers.
The "-m" feature is implemented only on Unix systems.  On DOS you
always get the output in a file and then send that however you
normally would.
I also have a "-e" switch which encrypts the message using a public
key looked up by the destination address.  Cypherpunks doesn't have a
public key so that's not appropriate here.  But if I wanted to send
an encrypted note to, say, Phil Zimmermann, I could just do:
chain -em prz at sage.cgd.ucar.edu portal mead
Hi, Phil, give me a call when you have a chance -- Hal
and it would go via the Portal and Mead remailers, encrypted at each
step, and finally to Phil, encrypted with his public key.  Pretty
I couldn't get Karl's hopmail.bat to run on my PC (not enough environment
space?) so I wrote this in C and it works OK.
I'll be sending the code to Eric to be archived in a few days.  If
anyone has any wish lists for features I will be glad to try adding
(I am composing this on a Unix system in order to demonstrate the -m
switch, so I can't cleartext sign as I normally would.  I am in the vi
editor and I am sending the message with "1G!G", which tells vi to
pipe the whole file into a command, followed by the "chain" command
line above, verbatim.  That's all there is to it.)
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-03 23:04:13
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
Mike Diehl's system sounds pretty good to me.  You can create messages, encrypt them, upload and send them, as well as downloading, decrypting, and reading messages, all with a nice menu-based interface.  That's what we want, right?
It sounds like the system would be easily adaptable to other types of hosts, too.  BBS operators could customize the scripts for their particular systems and offer the package.  We could create versions for users of other mail packages than elm on Unix systems, as well as for some of the commercial systems.  You could cover a lot of people this way.
The only real problem I see is the use of Telix.  How much does this program cost?  We can't give away a disk with Telix on it.
What about Kermit?  It's free and it has a scripting language, but it doesn't sound nearly as advanced as Telix's.  Would it be good enough?  Or are their other free programs which we could use?
If we could adapt Kermit or some other free program to do what Mike is describing, we could give away floppies with secure and easy-to-use encrypted email handling capabilities, as well as making them available on the net.  People could just get the version they need for their particular mail access.method.  The package would include the communication program, the scripts, and the encryption software.  The user interface would be as Mike described, all menu driven and easy to use.
I think this would be a good way to go if we could get past the hurdle of finding a free comm program that would be adequate.
Note added in proof :)
Eric mentioned concerns about reliability.  Scripts can in principle be made
flexible enough to handle many sorts of errors.  You just need a lot of
states and a lot of result checking.  This technique of automatically
attaching to a host system and downloading data is widely used by computer
novices.  I just saw an ad today for a product which lets you create your
own "newspaper front page" graphically, then will log on to Compuserve and
fill in the news, sports, and business figures you have specified, and do
so at regular intervals, automatically, running in the background.  I often
use a package called Tapcis which automatically logs onto compuserve, getting
my mail and sending new mail, reading various topics of interest that I
have selected.  I used to use a Mac program called Navigator which did the
Granted, none of these are scripts, they are all custom programs, but the
kinds of checking they do should be doable in scripts as well.  (I wasn't
sure whether Eric's point was that high level scripting languages are
excessively clumsy, or the more general point that automated mail access was
the wrong way to go.  I am addressing the latter here.)

@_date: 1993-06-04 21:26:45
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: chain.zip uploaded 
I just put chain.zip into the /pub/cypherpunks/incoming.  This is source
and an MSDOS executable for the "chain" utility I mentioned last week,
which works similarly to Karl Barrus's scripts for sending messages through
several remailers.  This program includes options for encrypting the
message for the recipient, and if run on a Unix system it can automatically
send the message to the first remailer in the chain.
I'm going to be off the list for a few days for personal reasons,
but if anyone has any comments or problems with the program, let
me know and I'll look into it when I get back.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-09 15:35:01
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Maclean's Article on privacy issues in Canada 
Without permission from Maclean's magazine (April 26, 1993)
[Any errors are from my poor typing.  Some emphasis added to replace
italics in the original article.]
Business (page 20)
Preserving individual privacy
New technology has made trafficking in personal data a huge industry
Until Jan. 18, 1993, checking out licence plates was a $5-million-a-year
business for the Ontario ministry of transportation.  For a $5 fee, anyone
could walk into their regional vehichle licensing bureau, fill in an
application form and learn a wide range of details about a
vehicle--including the owner's name and home address.  According to ministry
spokesman Anne McLaughlin, most people conducted searches for legitimate
reasons:  they wanted to know the history of a used car they were thinking
about buying or they needed to track down a witness to an accident.  But
some searches clearly resulted in gross violations of privacy.  In November,
an Ottawa woman, who declined to be named, complained that a man found out
where she lived by tracking her licence plates and asked to take here out.
McLaughlin said that the ministry "was aware of a few of these situations"
and, as a result, stopped providing names and addresses to the general
public.  Now, she said, the ministry will only provide that personal
information for specific purposes, including court proceedings and police
The collection, compilation and trafficking in personal data has become a
huge industry:  some privacy experts say that it is worth as much as $300
million a year in Canada.  It has grown, in part, because rapidly evolving
technologies, including telecommunications and computers, have simpily made
it easy to do.  Said Evan Hendricks, editor of "Privacy Times", a
Washington-based newsletter that tracks privacy issues worldwide:  "The
paper trail has become the electronic trail."  But as technology has become
more pervasive, so has the sense that it is increasingly difficult to ensure
that private matters remain private--as Premier Robert Bourassa's aides
discovered during the referendum intercept of cellulas calls and the chatty
Prince Charles and his lover Camilla Parker-Bowles now know.  As a result,
organizations ranging from the federal Office of the Privacy Commissioner to
the Canadian Standards Association (CSA) and the Quebec government are
taking a new look at the issue.
At the heart of the matter is a delicate balancing act:  the right of the
individual to privacy versus the legitimate needs of government or business
to gather information.  Privacy advocates express concern, however, that it
has become much too easy for organizations to gather, store, use and
manipulate data about an individual.  "The average Canadian's name is being
crunched through various computers five to 10 times a day," said Bruce
Phillips, the privacy commissioner of Canada and strong advocate of
restraint on snooping.
A joint study between several federal government departments and four
private-sector organizations indicates that many Canadians share Phillips
concern.  In Privacy Revealed, a survey of 3,000 Canadians released late
last month, 60 per cent daid that they have less personal privacy than they
did a decade ago.
Nevertheless, the trend towards collecting even greater amounts of data is
bound to continue.  The advertising and marketing industries are
increasingly using consumer-profile data.  Part of the reason is that
companies need better information on targeting the fickle markets for
consumer goods.  At the same time, there is an increasing fragmentation in
television.  In the age of the TV zapper and the proliferation of cable TV
channels, advertisers can no longer be certain that they are reaching their
target audience.  As a result, they are turning more often to other
alternatives, including data-based direct-mail campaigns.  To reduce the
cost of mailings, direct marketers attempt to reach customers who have
indicated an interest in a given area.  S.I.R. Mail Order, for one, a
Winnepeg-based firm specializing in hunting, fishing and camping equipment,
rents its customer lists to others who want to attract rural subscribers.
In December, Quebec became the first jurisdiction in North America to attemp
to regulate personal information in the hands of the private sector when
Communications Minister Lawrence Cannon introduced Bill 68.  Although the
federal government and most provinces have privacy acts, they apply only to
information in government records.  Still, many consumer advocates say that
Quebec's proposed legislation, which should be in force by the end of June,
does not go nearly far enough in protecting individual rights.  On the other
hand, some executives say that the bill places so many restrictions on how
companies may share information with third parties that the bill will add
greatly to the cost of gathering data.  Said Jean-Claude Chartrand, chairman
and chief executive officer of Montreal-based Equifax Canada Inc., the
nation's largest credit bureau:  "That will add to the cost of credit, which
in the final analysis will cost the consumer."
Several industry organizations in Canada have attempted on their own to deal
with privacy concerns.  The Canadian Bankers Association adopted a voluntary
privacy code in 1990 that spells out how banks should collect, store and use
customer information.  Since 1990, Canada's six major chartered banks have
inmplemented the code or devised their own.  Still, the Royal Bank of
Canada sparked controversy last month when it revealed that it sometimes
included client-card numbers along with names, ages and addresses among the
information sent to market-research firms that were testing demand for new
products.  Although a Royal Bank spokesman insisted that the practice was
not an invasion of privacy, the bank has since stopped releasing client-card
numbers for research purposes.
Another industry group that has passed its own privacy code is the
Toronto-based Canadian Direct Marketing Association.  Effective next
January, members must obtain a customer's permission before they sell or
trade any information about that customer to a third party.  Association
members must provide customers with an easy mechanism, such as a box to
check off on an order form, that allows them to remove their names from
marketing lists before those lists are transferred to other marketers.  Said
association president John Gustavson:  "This way, our customers can receive
information on the things they want and avoid the stuff they don't want."
On another front, the CSA, a Toronto-based nonprofit organization that has
traditionally restricted itself to the safety testing and certifing of
electrical appliances and other consumer products, is also turning its
attention to privacy issues.  In December, 1992, the CSA established a
committe that will try to establish a standard to recommend to companies
across Canada.  David McKendry, head of the consumer affairs consulting
practice with Price Waterhouse in Ottawa, is chairman of the committe, which
also includes members from government, the private sector and consumer
groups.  He said that privacy is a logical issue for the CSA to tackle.
"Safety is changing in the marketplace", McKendry said.  "Privacy *is* a
safety issue in the information age."
Many privacy advocates say that they welcome attempts by various sectors to
come to terms with privacy issues.  At the same time, however, they note
that Canadians still need more legal protection.  "I'm all in favor of
self-regulation," said David Flaherty, a Canadian professor of law and
history, currently on sabbatical, at the Woodrow Wilson International Centre
for Scholars in Washington.  "But it doesn't have the force of law."
Flaherty said that many Canadians are surprised to learn that they do not
have a constitutional right to privacy.  "The word 'privacy' is not in the
Charter of Rights and Freedoms," he said.
For his part, Privacy Commissioner Phillips, a former newspaper and
television reporter, said that he agrees with Flaherty that privacy should
be included in the Charter.  "It would be a benchmark for the entire
country," he said.  Many experts, however, maintain that Canadians have
adequate protection.  Simon Chester, a lawyer with the Toronto firm McMillan
Binch, said that there are better ways to protect individual's privacy than
spelling it out in the Charter.  The charter, which applies only to
government and not the private sector, is too blunt an instrument, Chester
said.  "It is much more important to have specific specific legislation," he
Equifax's Chartrand said that, as a result, his credit bureau operates its
systems to meet the toughest standards in the country, which, he says, are
usually Ontario's laws.  That means, Chartrand said, that consumers across
Canada enjoy the same level of protection, even if they are in the two
provinces that have no consumer credit laws.  Clearly, however, Canadians
will continue to be concerned about whether technology has moved ahead
faster than the law's ability to protect their privacy.
Barbara Wickens

@_date: 1993-06-17 10:49:12
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Weak steganography 
Responding to Mike Diehl's ideas about weak steganography: (Speaking of
which, did anyone notice that there weren't any stegosaurs in Jurassic
Park?  Just another sign of the government crackdown on crypto?)
There are a couple of problems with the idea of sticking encrypted
files onto the end of executable files.  The first is, to make this
easy, you need a program to do it (and to "undo" it).  Well, if someone
steals your computer and gets access to these files, they will probably
also get access to this program.  This will tip them off to what you have
This is an example of the general principle that you need to assume that
your attackers know or can discover the methods you are using, but they
don't know the keys.
Another problem is that encrypted files look different from executable
files.  Encrypted files have a uniform histogram (that is, all 256 different
possible byte values are equally frequent), but exe files do not.  The
appending of an encrypted file to an executable file will be very obvious.
The exact boundary may not be immediately apparent, but it can probably
be narrowed down to ten or twenty words without much effort at all.  In
any case, exe files which have had this treatment will stick out like a
sore thumb.
Last, XOR'ing a PGP file with a repeated string is probably not a very
good method.  PGP has a header at the front whose structure is known and
which has some fixed bytes.  These can be used to immediately recover some
letters of your string.  Given that the string is mnemonic (memorable) it
may be possible to guess more of it.  Again, this is basically effortless
and it narrows down the search space considerably before they even start
to try to break it.
Of course, even if they recover the original PGP file they would then need
your pass phrase to decrypt it.  If you are assuming that they already had
that then they didn't need to go through the rigamarole of deducing the
repeated string which cloaked the PGP file; once they found an executable
with a uniform histogram at the end, along with your program which creates
such files, that should be enough evidence to force you to reveal the string
just as you were forced to reveal your pass phrase.
In sum, I don't think this approach will help much.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-26 12:06:17
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
* Reply to msg originally in CYPHERPUNKS
 Uu> It is rarely to one's advantage to "assist the police."  In fact in
 Uu> British English the sentence "Fred C. Schwartz is assisting the police
 Uu> in their investigation" means that Fred C. Schwartz is the prime
 Uu> suspect.
Rather like "very tired" when used to describe the public appearance of
an MP as in, "...Sir Henry appeared very tired."  The term "very
tired" apparently is the pervasive newspaper euphemism for "very drunk."
 Uu> My wife (who in many ways was just the sort of female Kipling had in
 Uu> mind when he penned 'Deadlier Than the Male')...
Splendid finds, these, when one can keep them in alliance.  It's always
a joy to introduce them to firearms.
 Uu> In due course, a sewer inspector rang
 Uu> our  doorbell.  My wife demanded to see his warrant.  He was shocked
 Uu> and  mortified.
 Uu> Over the next few weeks, various bureaucrats called my wife and tried
 Uu> to  get her to change her mind.  They said, "You're not going to force
 Uu> us to  waste all that time and money and get a warrant, are you?"  She
 Uu> replied, "Consider it a valuable education on the 4th amendment."
I won't waste a great deal of time in idle & uninformed speculation, but
I seem to remember that certain "public safety" types do not need a
warrant to intrude.  As a matter of fact, I know of instances where cops
accompanied such functionaries on trumped-up "inspections" to avoid the
trouble of getting warrants.
.   I should be pleased to hear qualified legal opinion on this.
 Uu> Who is writing this in the terrorist capital of the US - Jersey City,
 Uu> NJ - but who has been denied a tactically necessary assault rifle by
 Uu> Governor Jim Florio.
Yes, but don't you feel _much safer_ disarmed?  No?  Well, be content
with a nice shotgun.
 Uu> When amonium nitrate and diesel fuel in a 16 to 1 ratio are outlawed
 Uu> only outlaws (and farmers) will have amonium nitrate and diesel fuel
 Uu> in  a 16 to 1 ratio.
This shall no doubt turn up in sigs before week's end.
*  - PGP Key D30909 via servers *
* > What country can preserve its liberties if its rulers are not  <*
* > warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit <*
* > of resistance?  Let them take arms!" - Thomas Jefferson, 1787  <*
___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12

@_date: 1993-06-26 12:06:18
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Remailer at rebma.mn.org 
* Reply to msg originally in CYPHERPUNKS
 Uu> My apologies to anyone who has tried to use the anonymous remailer at
 Uu> rebma.mn.org in the past several weeks.
 Uu> I  imagine that people who weren't successful were
 Uu> experimenters who chalked up the failure to something they'd done
 Uu> wrong.
I did, indeed!
 Uu> It's working again, now.
 Uu> Here's the PGP key.
Does this remailer _require_ an encrypted header, or will it take the
plaintext command?
*  - PGP Key D30909 via servers *
* > What country can preserve its liberties if its rulers are not  <*
* > warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit <*
* > of resistance?  Let them take arms!" - Thomas Jefferson, 1787  <*
___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12

@_date: 1993-05-04 11:08:30
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have been offered an opportunity to write on a regular basis for a
National Underground Magazine.  ZENGER.  I am writing to the list to
solicit a distilled list of Wiretap Chip Arguments.  Ive got the masses
of documents and understand the arguments but i am faced with limited
space for the article.  What does the list think is *vital* to let
ZENGER readers know about?  Remember this is  a "not-necessarily-technical"
crowd. (Although they are now realizing the need to include the computer
underground  Please post responses to the list since I am using a remailer.
  Ill post the national distribution sites when I receive the complete list.

@_date: 1993-05-04 22:35:48
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
ZENGER has been around for a long time. It is connected to a long
tradition and network. It will be part of the future. And it realizes
the importance of crypto-systems in any _real_ underground movement.
 When ZENGER has decided to come above ground for their latest publication,
the cypherpunks will be informed of distribution channels. Until then, keep
up the fight!
 More to come....

@_date: 1993-05-19 18:17:28
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
TEMPEST Information (Might be a bit old)
HETRA Computers Inc.
George Brazel
45472 Holiday Dr. Sterling, VA  22170
Vox:  (703) 709-0800
Fax:  (703)709-8181
[God I love this list]

@_date: 1993-10-09 11:40:57
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
Covert Action article on Clipper/Skipjack by D. Sobel is out.  I thought
he was on this list?  Did I miss mention of this?  Looked good, but
didnt have the $5.50, and they wouldnt accept my $100 DigiKash!
Mr. Sobel, Can you post an electronic version of yer article please?
[[Nonewsgroup, no cypherpunk cause/agenda, no leaders, no organization]]
(There that didnt take up to much time now did it?)
C. A. Informatik

@_date: 1993-10-23 20:03:29
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
I don't think the security problems of Eric's proposal are as bad as
some have suggested.  People could create a separate, "lower security,"
public key for use on multi-user systems, with a different pass phrase
than for their "high security" key.  Perhaps the key could have an
appropriately small size of about 400 bits.  It would still be far
more work to break the security of such a system than to forge mail across
the network (which is easy).  So such a system does enhance security over
the existing system of unsigned messages.
As for the argument that people don't have access to signature systems -
PGP illegal in the U.S., PEM/RIPEM unavailable outside the U.S. - just
turn these around: PGP legal and available outside the U.S., PEM/RIPEM
legal and available inside the U.S.  Everyone has access to legal encryption
and signature software.
One problem I see with Eric's suggestion is that it is couched in terms
which suggest our main business here is debate.  Eric suggests that a delay
in having your message appear is to your disadvantage because your opponent's
arguments will stand unrefuted for a time.
Recently the list has been pretty contentious, but historically there has been
much less debate here than on many other lists, and I would hope that we
could return to that approach.  It would be better if we could exchange
information, ideas, approaches for reaching the goals we share.  In such
an environment a delay in the posting of a good idea is to everyone's
detriment and does not particularly harm the person whose ideas were slow
to appear.
Still, I support Eric's basic goal of encouraging more use of the
technologies we talk so much about.  I will remind people that I make an
encrypted version of the cypherpunks list available to anyone who has a
PGP public key which includes their address.  There are only a few sub-
scribers now but if you'd like to try it send me your PGP public key and
I'll add you to the list.  I'd suggest trying it for a few days before
cancelling your regular CP subscription to make sure you can handle the
encrypted traffic.
Ironically, our anonymous posters, who have generated so much controversy
of late, are at least using the technology.  Maybe if we do implement some
form of Eric's idea we should give the preferential treatment to anonymous
posters as well as signed messages.  People can post anonymously without having to expose any secret information, which should address the security
concerns mentioned above.  I'm sending this message with the following
headers, which direct replies back to my address.  This reduces the
biggest inconvenience with using remailers, the inability to get replies:
Request-Remailing-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Reply-To: hfinney at shell.portal.com
One more point.  I was the one who initially implemented the clear-sign
feature in PGP.  I copied the idea from PEM, but put the signature info
at the end.  (I still think that putting it at the beginning was a silly
idea.)  When I wrote it I didn't have the blank lines around the -----
separators.  Branko added those and also add the Version: line (which is
ignored by the software).  I still like my format better, as I think the
signatures should add as little as possible.
But have you seen what these PEM signatures look like?  I've seen a couple
on sci.crypt and I almost fell out of the chair laughing.  First, the guy
had to _manually_move_ the signature from the beginning to the end to get
it out of the way.  But, worse, the signature is like thirty or forty lines
long!  I kid you not.  The guy posts a message of about a (24-line) screenful
then it has like two screenfuls of signature information.  It looks ludicrous.
No wonder he had to move the signature to the end - otherwise people would
have given up before they even got to his message.  (In fairness, these PEM
signatures are self-checking; PGP signatures require you to get the key on
your own.  I'm not sure if a non-self-checking PEM signature mode exists.)
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-09-11 14:23:12
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Spooks reading the list 
In fact, there is at least one NSA agent on this list. Whether he/she is on our side or not, who knows? This message, a defense of the NSA, was posted here not long ago. I don't know if anyone else noticed this at the time, but take a look:
*From:   IN%"remail at tamsun.tamu.edu" 28-AUG-1993 06:02:47.29
*To:     IN%"cypherpunks at toad.com"
*CC:     *Subj:   NSA & the Crypto-Zionist Myth of "Public Key"!
*>I'm rather surprised that the most significant piece of evidence in favor of
*>the "NSA has cracked PGP" theory is that no one's put a bullet through Phil
*>Zimmerman's head.  *Excuse me, but I'm getting tired of this silly paranoia.  NSA
*is not Evil Incarnate Central, and we are not fighting a Valiant War                                     ==
We? WE! Do you suppose that was a Freudian slip, or did he mean to say it like that? Whoever he is, he works for the NSA. Did anyone else
notice this at the time?
So, tell us. Have they cracked PGP?
*We Are Fated to Lose.  The NSA are a  bunch of Americans who went
*to school & college with the rest of us, and share our communities
*with us.  Most of them joined NSA to fight totalitarian Communism, and *most of them are sympathetic with values most Americans share when they *bother to think about them, like freedom, privacy, etc.  Sure, NSA has
*been caught up in the Cold War habits of secrecy, bureaucracy, and
*an ingrained habit to control information.  It's also almost surely
*caught up in the same kind of bureaucratic incompetence we see
*in the rest of the U.S. Federal government (most of the DoD, the space *programs, the BATF, the FBI, etc.)  Does a $40+ crypto-voice-chip with *an obvious trap door look like Malicious Plot to Destroy All Strong
*Crypto and Take Over The World, or does it look like an
*a half-competent, half-hearted attempt to retain Cold War era *capabilities they had gotten used to?
*NSA is going through the same crisis of goals as the rest of
*the Cold War establishment.  Their mission, if they have any left at
*all, has changed radically, and they know it.  While it
*may be "in the best interest of NSA" to maintain control over
*NSA employees are also Americans, community members, family
*members, etc.  They don't typically go around murdering hackers
*they don't like.  Nor would that accomplish anything for them --
*RSA was published internationally long ago, and PGP is now
*scattered at sites all over the world, with new versions being
*hacked on in nearly a dozen countries.   *The biggest problem I've encountered talking to various
*people about implementing encryption is that they think
*cypherpunks are a bunch of paranoid nuts, so only paranoids
*would want to do things like use digital cash for their
*semi-legal barter schemes.  Your expression of surprise that *the NSA hasn't offed Phil Zimmerman just confirms their suspicions.
*How can I convince them that cryptography is not just for paranoids?
*The rest of us are concerned about things like protecting and
*enhancing our privacy and freedom, and there's nothing silly
*or paranoid about that.
*But now that you mention it -- Shamir does operate out of Tel *Aviv.  Obviously he built RSA with a hole in it, and NSA is the
*main arm of the Crypto-Zionist conspiracy of Jewish Planetary Hegemony!  *And he didn't publish "Differential Cryptanalysis of the DES" until
*non-Zionist bankers got ahold of DES.  It's all clear now!
*> I think that, personally, the public-key stuff's gotta have some sort *> of a hole in it that nobody's thought of yet outside of spook central.
*I think your head has to have some sort of a hole in it.  Perhaps the
*NSA's work?
What's the matter, spook biz gone to hell in the post-cold-war era?
We must be winning...   :-)

@_date: 1993-09-20 16:31:17
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: your mail 
What do you put in the Subject: line of an encrypted or anonymous
We need something standard to prevent traffic analysis on this field.
My suggestion is always to put "Subject: Re: your mail", since so much
mail already has that, due to a feature of the popular mailer elm.
If there is no standard, one could correlate Subject: patterns with
Notice this message has been sent through "fmt" (and almost through
"spell") to remove more nuances.  Next we need an
English-to-bland-English translator that smooths over individual
language features (unless you're practicing stegonagraphy, then you
want one that inserts them!)

@_date: 1993-09-21 23:00:15
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Sorry about that... 
Aargggh! Sorry about the multiple postings of Master Key. The mailer
here has been very strange lately. Sometimes it's down, and when it
comes back up, things which were sent get sent again...
--==<< Infocalypse >>==--

@_date: 1994-04-01 10:48:20
@_author: gnu 
@_subject: PHILIP ZIMMERMAN ARRESTED [NOT!] 
This is an April Fools' Day prank.  I spoke personally to Phil
and he is sitting comfortably in his own house (with the phone ringing
off the hook).
------- Forwarded Message
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp
Organization: Cypherpunks
NNTP-Posting-Host: soda.berkeley.edu
Originator: hh at soda.berkeley.edu
Philip Zimmerman, writer of the popular encryption program PGP, has been
arrested! He is being held on $1,000,000 bail. The charges against him are as follows: 1) Violating PKP's patent on RSA.
2) Allowing PGP to be distributed outside of the US.
I have just heard about this, since I work for the FBI (which is why I am
posting this anonymously), and will post more information when I can get it.
You may wish to set up a fund to help pay Zimmerman's bail.
ecodefence nitroglycerin
uzi detonate

@_date: 1994-04-05 12:48:19
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: The AntiCash -- was: Electronic Purse Press Release 
Will I be able to buy these cards with (real, physical) cash
at local stores?  Will I be able to swap them with strangers?

@_date: 1994-04-19 18:41:16
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: BlackNet 
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: key1
MI at UPK]5,.,7),)JND-3:V2TNU+?^3/1F!^=ZYA$<89[2;4KRE

@_date: 1994-04-20 04:58:18
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: blacknet 
As someone who would know, for reasons which I cannot divulge,
I can assure you that the second round of blacknet posting
was pure bullshit.  Perhaps the first round was actually
a real thing, but the second round was merely something designed
to cause annoyance, I believe.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-02-04 16:25:18
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: clipper_q-and-a.txt 
Q.      Who will hold the escrowed keys?
A.      The government.

@_date: 1994-02-11 14:20:39
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Subscribe me. 
Please add us to you list of subscribers. Thanks.
root at nsa.gov, root at fbi.gov, root at cia.gov, root at sss.gov.

@_date: 1994-02-16 13:00:23
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
Extremely high activation potentials caused Xenon to ionize:
  "I am afraid of knowing the truth, for when you offer it to
  people, they call you mad."
But if they call you mad, it says nothing about your possession of truth.
Goddamn converse-is-not-the-contrapositive-ignorant, I-couldn't-possibly-
be-wrong-claiming, solipsism-tending, basic-logic-error-making, self-
deceiving, to-his-own-authority-pointing, self-esteem-up-propping ranters!

@_date: 1994-02-16 15:10:23
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
I am remailing this using a fake address, by telnetting to
port 25 of a remailer from Netcom. Here is how I did it
and how anyone else could do it, including Larry Detweiler,
who knew how to do this when I was still in my internet
Here is an example of a damaging post, which is damaging
in whatever volume it is sent out. For those of you who
don't have a sense of humor: THIS IS A JOKE! This isn't real.
There IS NOT an offer from Blacknet for such things (at least
I don't THINK so)!!
 -----BEGIN FICTITIOUS DAMAGING POST EXAMPLE-----
"Hello, Blacknet Enterprises here. We are looking for kiddie
porn. Please use our encrypted remailer block to send us
some and we will send you e-money, or make an anonymous
deposit in your back account. Thank-you. Remember when you
were 12 years old? That Suzy sure was cute! You wanted her
then, and you want her now ;-) ! Don't lie; we're all kids at
Because at Blacknet: we love EVERYONE."
 -----END FICTITIOUS DAMAGING POST EXAMPLE-----
Since Usenet will not be fully moderated in the next year or
two, the only solution which will not backfire and make things
worse, is moderated remailing. If someone can send me an AI
program that would be able to block the above post, and further
block efforts by the same abuser to alter said post to avoid your
keyword search, such as changing "Blacknet" to "Black.Net" and
"porn" to "pictures", then I will be very amazed.
As I've already tried to point out, security starts with people,
not technology.
If I haven't made my point by now then I guess it's time
to unsubscribe, shut down qwerty, and get on with what
matters, which is getting PGP, Stealth-PGP, and a few
sophisticated steganographs into people's hands.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-17 08:10:43
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: RIP ld231782 
Login name: ld231782  			In real life: L. Detweiler
Office:  			Home phone: 498-8278
Directory: /users/ALUMNI/ES/ld231782	Shell: /warnuser
Never logged in.
          This account is no longer active.

@_date: 1994-02-18 05:41:04
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Source Level 
many people thrive on the chaos there and the openess.  I personally don't think I would like to have to submit articles for some guys approval, just something uncool about it to me.  I don't mean uncool, like fashion, I mean it just doesnt fit with my idea of free exchange of ideas. I mean no matter how much you stress that the moderator be lenient and open you are gonna run into problems.  The Inet is full, or should I say fool, of BIG fuckin egos, and they have a nifty way of clashing.  A moderator just doesnt fit into my free exchange idea.  Too much like an "Official(tm)" thing to me, and i don't particulalry take to official things.  To me the beauty of usenet is the chaos and mass amounts of info, even the noise that goes flying thru it.  Without that it would be just like every other stale BBS forum with no edge and no fun.
wow, these remailers are neat

@_date: 1994-01-12 00:47:20
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Somebody posting fake Detweiler messages 
This message was posted to alt.conspiracy.
Before the story gets around from other sources, here's what *really*
happened.  I guess that I should start by saying that I'm sorry.  I'm
sorry for the tremendous disturbance that I caused, I now see that I
was completely wrong.  Nick Szabo is a real person, and I was mistaken
to say otherwise.  I don't know how to go about cleaning up the mess
that I made, but I guess that I'll start by humbly asking all of you
to forgive me.
It began when I was at home one evening last week, watching TV.  The
voices were back again. They told me that the TENTACLES were going to
use his account to spread their LIES, and to RAPE the unsuspecting
net.virgins.  The more I thought about it, the more agitated I became.
Their SCREAMS filled my ears, and their TEARS came from my own eyes.
I couldn't sleep because I knew that their fates rested in my hands.
I had to do something.  The hell that awaited them was known to me
alone, and only I could save them.  The poor souls would SQUIRM in
AGONY and CRY OUT in pain, but the GROTESQUE cypherpunks would only
LAUGH.  Every time that I closed my eyes, I'd see the inferno.  The
monsters believed, I knew, that no joy was greater than UTTERLY
DESTROYING an unsuspecting user, SODOMIZING their innocent victims
just as they do each other.  I thought about posting another message,
but decided that this time I had to take my stand.  The SATANIC CABAL
must be BROKEN, as totally and completely as the Tower of Babel.  I
flew to Washington, D.C., determined to prove once and for all that
szabo at netcom.com is nothing but a deceiving TENTACLE, bent on PILLAGE
and PLUNDER.  Once that was done, the fate of the MEDUSA was sealed.
Thanks to one of his net *friends*, I had Szabo's phone number.
Locating his address was not difficult.  I knocked at the door and
asked for Szabo.  The fellow who answered the door asked my name and,
when I gave it, he told me to wait there.  A few seconds later I heard
a voice from upstairs yelling ``Call 911!  Call 911!''.  His roommate
jumped me and we wrestled until, finally, I freed myself and was able
to calm him down enough to talk.  Szabo came downstairs and said that
he'd called the police, and I'd better hightail it out of there or be
prepared to spend some time in jail.
Thinking that he was an imposter paid by t.c.may and e.hughes to act
as Szabo should anyone check, I agreed to talk with the CHARLATAN.  He
would meet his fate soon enough, and he would PAY DEARLY for his
complicity.  I convinced him that I wasn't armed, and he agreed to
talk.  He insisted that he *was* Szabo and tried many ways of proving
it.  He produced a drivers license and a passport, both issued to
Szabo and with pictures of this same man.  They seemed valid.  I was
confused.  He then dialed into netcom as szabo and read some mail.  It
was then that I noticed the sounds, soft and just at the edge of my
hearing.  It was a light and breathy sound.  It was... LAUGHTER.  The
VOICES WERE LAUGHING AT ME.  It was then that the clouds parted and
the gleaming ray of sunlight came down to illuminate my vision.  All
of the time that I had spent jousting quixotically with the
cypherpunks had been wasted, as they weren't the enemy.  They weren't
the ones who were sending the voices to disrupt my sleep.  It wasn't
them at all.  The voices were my true enemy, and I set out with
renewed vigor to seek out and destroy the voices.
Um, anyway, I guess that he really is szabo at netcom.com.  Sorry.
Now what I need to know is how do I go about rebuilding the reputation
that I've spent so long destroying?  So many people have learned to
ignore posts from my account that I fear I'll not get another hearing.
Gee, maybe on the internet they CAN tell if you're a dog...

@_date: 1994-01-12 09:27:06
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Public key encryption, income tax and government 
Hal Finney put out an excellent posting on why digicash and such are not
likely to undercut the tax system.  While a lot of what he says is valid, I
would like to throw in another data point.
You see, my wife is Italian, and I've spent quite a bit of time hanging out
with the in-laws, seeing how they live and how their society works.
Italy's underground economy is estimated at being 30% or more of the total
GDP.  It is a very cash-based economy, obviously.  It is also a country
where, IMHO, standards for honesty are lower than in the US and a certain
amount of cleverness in avoiding things like taxes earns respect.  Any
Italian will tell you with pride that Italians do not follow rules.
Italian merchants are required by law to produce receipts for every
transaction.  In fact, you as a customer may be required to produce the
receipt on demand and will be fined if you do not have it.  Nonetheless, if
you do not insist on a receipt for many purchases -- even for very
expensive things -- it has a good chance of not being produced.  If you do
insist, the price may suddenly increase.  Tax evasion at the retail level
is widespread.
The only taxes that are sure to be paid are wage taxes for normal
employees.  Right?  Well...for normal work, yes.  My brother-in-law works
in a furniture factory that, like all the rest of them, does a lot of its
production off the books.  As a result, much of his work is off the books
too.  This is how Italians make ends meet in a country with (relative to
us) low salaries and high prices.  There is a word for it -- arrangarsi --
"to arrange oneself".  Tax evasion at the manufacturing/wholesale levels is
The official response to this is a good study in governmental desperation.
Customers are fined for leaving businesses without a receipt.  Your car may
be stopped and searched for undocumented merchandise at any time.  Imputed
income taxes for self-employed people are at ridiculous levels (i.e. a
large degree of evasion is assumed).  Taxes are levied on everything (car
radios, the width of your driveway, electric lighters for gas stoves).  I
am told that Italians were, at one time, forbidden to possess foreign bank
accounts; this rule is not sustainable under the European Community, of
And none of the above is working very well.  As long as Italians believe
that it is their right to skip out on their taxes (while, of course,
demanding extensive benefits from the government) the situation will
I guess my point here is that one should not be too quick to assume that
this sort of situation could not arise in the US.  Cryptography and digital
cash may not, in and of themselves, bring down the tax system.  But if
Americans decide that they have had enough of it, severe problems could
arise with or without such tools; they would only make it easier.  Tax
evasion rates are low (relatively) in the US because people here are more
inclined to follow the rules, and because most people seem to believe that
you can't get something for nothing.  That is a much more powerful force
than any repressive governmental action.

@_date: 1994-01-27 18:12:57
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Remailing TO anon.penet.fi?! 
Can I remail using say the hh at soda.berkeley remailer TO an anonymous address
of anon.penet.fi? Say an1234 at anon.penet.fi. Normally you CAN send mail to such
an address, but if you set up an X-Anon-Password then you must use it. So if
someone sent mail to password at anon.penet.fi via one of your remailers, then
no one else could mail to anon penet fi via that remailer!
Is the solution to use na1234 at anon.penet.fi instead of an1234 at anon.penet.fi?
Might you instead work out a deal with Julf to do this switch for your
remailers? Or build it into your remailers yourselves. This way someone could
send mail to an1234 at anon.penet.fi, and your remailer would swap it with
na1234 at anon.penet.fi.
Am I missing something?

@_date: 1994-01-27 19:42:13
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Remailers needed. My survey. 
I have now picked five of your remailers for distribution of the PGP FAQ
in four parts and my "Here's How to MacPGP!" guide. The top five in this
list are the ones that worked out.
      1: Remailer accepts only plain text headers.
      2: Remailer accepts both plain text and encrypted headers.
      1  hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu <-[Very fast.]
      1  hh at cicada.berkeley.edu <-[Very fast.]
      1  hh at soda.berkeley.edu <-[Very fast.]
      2  elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu <-[Very fast.]
      2  hfinney at shell.portal.com <-[Fast. Ugly header.]
      1  00x at uclink.berkeley.edu [Fwd: hh at soda.berkeley.edu] <-[Very fast.]
      2  hal at alumni.caltech.edu [Fwd: hfinney at shell.portal.com] <-[Fast.]
      1  nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu <-[Way too slow.]
      1  remail at tamsun.tamu.edu <-[Way too slow.]
      2  ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu <-[Way too slow.]
What does the "Fwd:" mean (from the PGP FAQ)?
Now, would someone send me a script that I can run that will assign csh
environmental variables (I use setenv) B1 through B10 with a random
combination of those five remailer addresses? I will then hop each
message off two remailers.
Do you have any objections to this? Suggestions? I pissed Julf off without
realizing the "size" of the problem beforehand. Are there any remailers
I've neglected, which are FAST?
If this works out, I may inadvertantly become your best "customer" ;-).
P.S. I sent about 8 rapid-fire (3-5 seconds delay) packages JUST through
hh at soda.berkeley.edu and they came through without a glitch. This was about
a full meg of traffic. Can these remailers take this? Anon.penet.fi limits
messages to 48K. Do these remailers have practical limits? What about the
normal size restriction on e-mail; what is this understood to be, if I need
to mail to most anyone including AOL, Compuserve, BBSs and overseas?
P.S.S. That's "N A THIRTY-EIGHT ONE-THIRTY-EIGHT" with Subject "Bomb me!".
Do NOT tell people "an", or just hit the 'r' key. Then I'll HAVE to route
the guides through anon.penet.fi since I wont know your real address. A
bit of this is OK, but not a lot.

@_date: 1994-01-27 20:02:13
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: MacPGP BAD on soda.berkeley!!! 
For God sakes guys, I posted this problem to alt.security.pgp a MONTH
ago. macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx on soda.berkeley.edu in /pub/cypherpunks/pgp
is GZIPPED! You've got dozens of newbies going for this site since
it's listed in the PGP FAQ as having MacPGP. People ftp it with
"ascii" then download it and it dies. Please fix this. Do I have to
do EVERYTHING? Get on a plane to Berkeley, USA and break down some
doors, just to type 'mv macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx.gz' and
'gunzip macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx.gz"?
Let me ask you this, in jest: How would you like it if I offered to
send anyone (including overseas) MacPGP2.3.cpt.hqx using your
"beloved remailers" (Detweiler term)? Export arms like a mad man. I'm
suprised old Larry himself didn't think of this one. Hopefully he is
no longer getting his cypherpunks feed (I don't want to give him an idea).

@_date: 1994-01-27 21:32:12
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: remailing T anon.penet.fi 
Hal wrote,
"I set up my remailer on hfinney at shell.portal.com to block the password
address at anon.penet.fi just so nobody could set a password.  I also
set a nickname, something like "cypherpunks anonymous remailer".  I did
this some time ago but I think it is still active.  So you can remail
at least from my remailer to anon.penet.fi.
This isn't as good as getting a password and tagging it ON to mail sent
to anon.penet.fi by your remailer, since in a minute I could fake mail to
anon.penet.fi from a remailer address to password at anon.penet.fi so only
I would know the password thus no one else could mail to anon.penet.fi
any more. You CAN telnet to port 25 of anon.penet.fi.
P.S. I am interested in this too, since Julf nailed me for pumping up to
two megs through his remailer a day, but I still get one or two "Bomb me!"
requests a day for which I ONLY have the person's anon.penet.fi address.

@_date: 1994-01-27 22:37:47
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: REMAIL: Cover traffic 
Consider that a number of "bit-bucket" addresses already exist -- to
exploit them, all you have to do is include the name of a particular
account in the midwest, whose mail is already automatically filtered
out by a vast number of cypherpunks readers :-)

@_date: 1994-01-28 00:37:48
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: hh@cicada.berkeley.edu has died. 
hh at cicada.berkeley.edu stopped sending me things back. I at most sent five
46K files in a row. Did I break it? Or did the ethernet cord drop off the
back of the MacPlus ;-)? Really, I have no idea what these remailers are
running on. -Xenon

@_date: 1994-01-28 09:47:56
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: hh@cicada.berkeley.edu is back. 
Well... Still no answer about which remailers to use, so I'm inadvertantly
testing them myself. I'm not sure if I had anything to do with it but
hh at cicada.berkeley.edu stopped responding last night but is back this
morning. I finally got back the mail at least (a good thing). Here is the
error. So I'd rate hh at cicada.berkeley.edu to be a MacPlus after all? Tread
lightly on this remailer?
Received: from cicada.Berkeley.EDU by [mysite]
Received: from [mysite] by cicada.berkeley.edu
  --- The transcript of the session follows ---
451 sendmail: 0832-054 Cannot create a process: There is not enough memory available now.
554 "|//home/hh/remail/slocal.pl"... Unknown mailer error -1
  --- The unsent message follows ---
-----Begin Test-----
-----End Test-----

@_date: 1994-01-28 12:07:59
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Random remailing script had. Help. 
Thanks to Alan Barrett who sent me a script to get me started with. I have
two questions still.
1) Why not just $second = rand ($ instead of the two line
   $second routine? (And why did I have to add the +1...).
2) How do I output the variables as csh environmental variables that stick
   around after the perl script has executed? I usually use 'setenv' but perl
   didn't like that.
Here is Alan's script, edited a bit by me:
# given a set of remailers, choose two of them at random.
# repeat this operation five times.
# output the resulting list of 10 remailers.
# here's the list of remailers to be considered.
# make it as long or as short as you like. (but no shorter than 2 entries!)
 = ("One", "Two", "Three", "Four" , "Five", "Six");
# seed the random number generator.
# this is not a strong PRNG!
foreach $cycle (1..5) {
    # choose random remailers
    $first = rand($
    $second = rand($
    $second++ if $second >= $first;
    # output the choices
    print $remailers[$first],"->",$remailers[$second],"\n";
And a few outputs:
I may have screwed it up, as Alan originally had no +1 in the $first line,
and had -1 in the next line, but it never outputed "Six" then.
Background: One-Six will be addresses of Cypherpunk remailers and I am sending
packages of five e-mails (~40K each) to many people a day. I figured why not
appease you guys by helping with the traffic, but do it randomly and chain
off two remailers per e-mail. I want csh variables though, as output. How do
I get these, or how to I fetch the perl variables for a Unix command line
(I am currently using 'setenv name value' then putting $name into a Unix
P.S. If you wish to e-mail answers (slow!) use na38138 at anon.penet.fi.

@_date: 1994-01-28 14:33:23
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: MacPGP BAD on soda.berkeley.edu! 
Chris Knight wrote,
"How about if I send you a Valium?"
Why would you want to send me a muscle relaxant? Hmmm....

@_date: 1994-01-30 11:48:58
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: "bomb me" traffic 
Greg Broiles offered,
"I'm sure that the good intentions are appreciated, but I don't see how
traffic which is predictable, both in terms of size (~ 45K) and timing
(every morning at X:00 AM) is going to make the task of traffic analysis
more difficult."
What I wrote was a bit misleading. I meant to say the 6-12 rounds in the
morning (these days down to ~6) were the MAXIMUM traffic load I expected to
send out at once. Given my sleep cycle, this is NOT predictably X:00 AM.
I have a convenient internet link on a PowerBook on my desk for which I am
logged in most of the day, at least in the background of the Mac Finder. So
throughout the day I will get more requests and send off the five mails.
The sizes vary from 18K to 46K and are being sent chained between 2 remailers
selected at random, including the possibility of those two being the same
remailer. I am also sending out a short (but I could make it longer or even
of random length if I learn some more Unix/perl) "Ping" through all the mailers
on my list a few times a day. I even made a "SuperPing" commands script which
sends the short message through all the possible sets of two chained remailers
to check the links BETWEEN remailers. I do not do this in both directions;
only Me->A->B->Me, not Me->B->A->Me also. Last night the pmantis->hfinney link
was not pinging but pmantis and hfinney themselves pinged fine. I need to play
more, and recheck my "script" before I comment on the reliability of those
remailer-remailer links though.
So throughout the day, as especially when I (and thus others) have free time,
I will be sending quite a few messages with sizes 18-46K through two random
remailers each. It seems to WORK, which is what matters to me. It seems this,
in whatever small amount, WILL make traffic analysis more difficult.
"Further, the characteristics which have led some remailers to be considered
unsuitable for the current project make them stronger, in terms of
resistance to traffic analysis - e.g., erratic (or slow) throughput, and
loss of "Subject:" lines."
I understand this and agree with you completeley. I am considering using those
remailers too, as I have already included a header telling people that the pieces
are EXPECTED to arrive erraticallly over a day's time.
However, I think added delays should eventually involve a few SECONDS, not a few
hours. This isn't the fucking postal service I'm trying to use. I like the speed
of internet e-mail. Stripping subject headers should be left up to the user of
the remailer and is trivial to leave out. Such delays make it impossible to say,
cooperate in a timeley manner on this or other mailing lists, or on Usenet. Such
is anon.penet.fi's delays, and those of the slow remailers. When ONE e-mail takes
upwards of a DAY to arrive, or even a few hours, I just can't carry out my plans
for world domination with my co-conspirators ;-). Adding multi-hour delays to my
e-mail is just too primative. E-mail is replacing the telephone for many uses so
if the remailers ever expect to gain a large base of users, they need to be FUN,
and delays are not. Gaining a large number of daily users is the long term solution
to traffic analysis worries, but adding hours of delays COMPARED with other
fast remailers will make people avoid those remailers.

@_date: 1994-01-30 23:29:10
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Debugged Superping Script! 
Sorry to post this again. This one works.
# SuperPing: Ping Cyperpunk remailer connections.
# Brought to you by Xenon .
# Thanks to Alan Barrett for teaching me some perl.
# Replace $Rm[$First] below with YOUR address to test this!
# Warning: outputs ~40 e-mails at a time. May give "too
# many processes" error towards the end if you haven't killed
# all of your stopped jobs. Increase the sleep(sec) time if needed.
# Will also function as a convenient method to shut down all
# remailers at once by making .PingFile 500K instead of 1K.
# Not recommended if you value your life ;-).
# List of remailers (not complete).
# Make any line a comment to remove that line's remailer.
 = (
"catalyst at netcom.com",
"hh at cicada.berkeley.edu",
"remailer at dis.org",
"ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu",
"remailer at merde.dis.org",
"hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu",
"elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu",
"hfinney at shell.portal.com",
"hh at soda.berkeley.edu",
 for output and subject lines.
 = (
# Strings, since lines got too long below.
# Add your address as name at site.domain
  $A = "(echo \"::\" ; echo \"Request-Remailing-To: ";
  $B = "; echo \"\" ; echo \"::\" ; echo \"Request-Remailing-To: ";
  $C = "name at site.domain\" ; echo \"\"";
  $D = " ; echo \"\" ; cat .PingFile) | mail -s \"P";
foreach $Sec (0..$ {
    foreach $First ($Sec+1..$ {
     $Num++;
     system "$A$Rm[$Sec]\"$B$C$D$Num < $Nick[$First]\" $Rm[$First]";
     print "P$Num $Nick[$First] > $Nick[$Sec]\n";
     sleep(1)
   }
# .PingFile contains this:
 myadress
 Test-----
 Test-----
 (first few lines) looks like this:
 cicada > catalyst
 dis.org > catalyst
 jarthur > catalyst
 merde > catalyst
 pmantis > catalyst
 rosebud > catalyst
 shell > catalyst
 dis.org > cicada
 jarthur > cicada
# Sample pings as received later:
# 1 catalyst-remailer at netcom.com Mon Jan 31 08:10   20/757   P7 < shell
# 2 catalyst-remailer at netcom.com Mon Jan 31 08:22   20/759   P6 < rosebud
# grep Subject: /usr/spool/mail/n/name | sort -tP +1 -n
# will give you a list of received mail, in order of Ping numbers,
# where /n/name is your system's mail folder.

@_date: 1994-07-01 05:49:48
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: Devil's Advocate (again) 
I notice the argument against "why do you need crypto... are you
doing something ILLEGAL" is that the argument that "why don't you
want a camera in your house... are you doing something ILLEGAL".
This is good, but where in the Constitution does it say that people
can have crypto not regulated by the Government?  Would this be
under the First Amendment of free speech?
Again, I am playing Devil's Advocate here.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-07-03 22:12:27
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: Happy Birthday, Comrades 
Happy Birthday USA.
On your 218th birthday, you should be proud of yourself. As a leading
power in the world, you're certainly leading by example.
Once upon a time, you were a shining example of truth, hope and diligence.
Now you've become a vision of deception, state-rule and 21st century
The United States Government's vision of Digital Telephony and
Skipjack powers are historical, yet laughable.
P.T. Barnum would be amazed.
Your fear of the digital future is real -- it cannot be controlled by
governments, corporate mongerers, nor super-secretive organized
intelligensia.The digital landscape cannot be shaped or legislated; the
thought is mere folly.
Happy Birthday USA.
- Cyber Denizen number 1
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-07-08 08:47:25
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: (fwd) New ITAR Indictment 
Are you serious?
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,comp.org.eff.talk,comp.org.cpsr.talk
Reprinted with permission from the Chicago Sun-Tribune, 5 July 1994:
Washington, D.C.-
        In a Rose Garden press conference early this morning, Justice
Department spokesmen announced the indictment of a Washington, DC.
computer bulletin board system (BBS) operator, one Mr. Gil Bates, for
violation of ITAR munitions export laws in connection with the operation
of the infamous 'We got yer nudes here' BBS.
        According to federal authorities, many of the graphics files, or
'gif' files, named for their storage format, contained, when examined with
a common hex editor, the value 0xAAAA, which can be used to encrypt data
in such a way as to make it extremely difficult for intelligence and law
enforcement agencies to recover the encrypted data.
        "0xAAAA first came to our attention a few weeks ago," explained
Deputncrypted] file, by
using a complicated algorithm known as 'exclusive or' and a 'mask' or
encryption key, of, for example, "0xAAAA."
        Agents were stunned.  "It's an entirely new and sinister turn of
events in the field," said Miller.  "We'd be helpless against such an attack."
Miller went on to explain just how secure such a scheme would be.  "When
we need to crack some encrypted data, for example, email someone sends to
his lawyer that we think may contain incriminating evidence," we usually
just hand it to thenstitutional issues
involved there, but we're working on it."  He refused to elaborate.
        Once the technique was known, news spread quickly throughout the
law-enforcement community.  "This was a shot across the bow, a real
wake-up call for us," said one Justice Department source.  "We moved
immediately, meeting with the vice-president and a professor from Georgetown.
They were reluctant at first, but we mentioned organized crime and terrorists
and they came around to our point of view."
        But why forbid the 'mask' or 'key' instead of the algorithm itself,
the 'exclusive-or' technique?  "That's sort of a funny story," explained
Miller.  "We were going to at first, but it turns out that the Clipper
and Capstone chips [part of a government-designed key escrow system] make
use of the algorithm in places.  Of course, there were a few 0xAAAA's too,
but the NSA assures us they've got a workaround."
        Bates loudly proclaims his innocence.  "This is stupid, really stupid.
It's just a 16-bit value, like any other.  They can't restrict it.  I'm...
I'm at a loss.  This is just too stupid to comment on."
        The case got weaker late this afternoon when it was revealed that the
file in question didn't actually leave the country, but was retrieved by
an FBI agent in Virginia.
        "Obviously this compromises our case somewhat," admitted Miller,
"since Virginia isn't a foreign country.  But someone in another country
could have done the same thing, easily.  That should count for something."
Schneider noted that "Even though we'll probably have to drop the ITAR case,
we did come up with something.  He had a copy of PGP [a 'guerilla freeware'
encryption package popular with subversives and criminals] and some files
he'd protected with it."  "We think they were maybe lists of children he
an FBI agent in Virginia.
        "Obviously this compromises our case somewhat," admitted Miller,
"since Virginia isn't a foreign country.  But someone in another country
could have done the same thing, easily.  That should count for something."
Schneider noted that "Even though we'll probably have to drop the ITAR case,
we did come up with something.  He had a copy of PGP [a 'guerilla freeware'
encryption package popular with subversives and criminals] and some files
he'd protected with it."  "We think they were maybe lists of children he
abused, or something," says Schneider.  "Yeah, or something," added Miller.
[Pre-flame apologies go out to those who object to the inclusion of 'serious'
groups in the newsgroups list.  If you know any silly ones where this would
be more welcome, feel free to send it along.]
++++++++++++++++++++++++++finger for PGP public key+++++++++++++++++++++++++
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-07-11 21:22:46
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: Gov't eyes public-key infrastructure 
extracted from:
Network World
volume 11, number 28
July 11, 1994
page 8, page 63
Gov't eyes plans for a public-key infrastructure
by Ellen Messmer
Federal agencies are mulling how to set up procedures and policy
guidelines for linking a user's identity to that person's public-key
digital signature, but costs and liability issues in certifying users
are presenting obstacles.
The U.S. government intends to operate a public-key certification
system for government users that will also serve the private sector,
as well. But a report just completed by Mitre Corp. for the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) puts the price tag at
$1 billion for the start-up of the government alone, with a possible
$2 billion annual operational cost for managing certificate-revocation
Users can sign and verify electronic documents using unique digital
signatures based on a secret cryptography key, but security experts
have long recognized that a certification system is needed so keys can
be revoked if the key is stolen or a person changes jobs.
According to Mitre's report, "The Public Key Infrastructure Study,"
the role of the Policy Certification Authority (PCA) could be assumed
by either the U.S. Postal Service, the Federal Reserve Board, General
Services Administration or even private-sector organizations such as
telecommunications providers and banks (see sidebar).
The Postal Service is eager to step into the role, said sources at
NIST, but the high price tag for operating the X.500 directory listing
public keys and revocation lists is causing some alarm. The Postal
Service declined to comment.
For years, the Internet Society has contemplated setting up the same
sort of trusted certificate authority. But it got bogged down almost
exclusively because of liability concerns, said Steve Kent, chief
scientist at Bolt Beranek and Newman, Inc.
PCAs nevertheless spring up. Trusted Information Systems, Inc., the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology and RSA Data Security, Inc. have
all set themselves up as PCAs with different policies. Apple Computer,
Inc., which now ships RSA digital signatures as part of its operating
system, offers a computerized certification request to register public
keys with RSA.
But while this type of certification may be fine for use in some
commercial purchases, it would not be sufficient at Northen Telecom,
Inc. (NTI), which intends to use digital signatures in multimillion-
dollar transactions, noted Brian O'Higgins, director of security
networks at NTI.
O'Higgens said NTI is testing its own system for issuing digital
signature certificates to all employees. "It's easy to do within one
enterprise," O'Higgins said. "But the interenterprise applications
hasn't started to happen, and that's where a government public-key
infrastructure would help."
A new study on legal issues faced by the government in the effort
warns that a federal certificate authority must establish strict
equipment and personnel requirements for the certificate-issuance
process and accept some liability for improper actions.
The study, "Federal Certification Authority Liability and Policy,"
authored by Michael Baum, principal at Independent Monitoring in
Cambridge, Mass., points out that the federal government can claim
sovereign status protecting it from lawsuits.
But in his report, Baum notes that the commercial sector will not be
ready to accept public-key certificates issued by the government for
use in electronic commerce unless the government accepts some
liability for its actions.
"This is the foundation on which electronic commerce will be built,"
he said.
Setting clear security for both the equipment and personnel involved
is issuing public-key certificates make sense, added O'Higgins.
"We absolutely have to have a security policy in this," he said.
(side bar)
    PKI pyramid lexicon
Policy Approving Authority (PAA)
 Creates overall guidelines for the Public
 Key Infrastructure and may also certify
 PCA public keys.
Policy Certification Authority (PCA)
 Establishes policy for all certification
 authorities and users within its domain,
 and approves CA public keys.
Certification Authority (CA)
 Certifies public keys for users in a manner
 consistent with PCA and PAA policies.
Organizational Registration Authority
 Acts as an intermediary between a CA and a
 user to vouch for the identity and affiliation
 of the user.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-07-21 00:16:49
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: no subject (file transmission) 
This is a dumb question, but where can I get info on how key
escro works?
No, I am not championing clipper, just curious on this idea of
key escrow.
BTW:  here is my PGP key, so that a tentacle or minion of SOMEBODY
does not use my identity. ;-)

@_date: 1994-07-21 20:35:03
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: remail 
BSA Business software Alliance
NEWS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Wednesday, July 20, 1994
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Diane Smiroldo, 202.872.5500
BSA PRESIDENT ROBERT HOLLEYMAN REACTION STATEMENT TO
VICE PRESIDENT GORE'S LETTER TO REP. CANTWELL ON ENCRYPTION
"On behalf of the leading American PC software companies, BSA commends Rep. Maria Cantwell for her success in convincing the administration to change its policy on encryption. Following extensive negotiations with Rep. Cantwell, today Vice President Gore announced that the administration will work with industry to develop a new key escrow encryption system. This new encryption system has the potential for wide-spread use because it will be practical, affordable, and trustworthy.
"The administration has recognized that Clipper Chip will not be used for computers. It has been recognized that the information security system for personal computers must be privately developed and controlled. The administration has agreed that the new encryption system must be voluntary, software implementable, based on a non-classified encryption formula, exportable, and employ private sector agents to hold the keys.
"The administration also agreed to support periodic studies assessing the availability and impact of foreign encryption programs on American companies. Recognizing the economic importance of the software industry, the administration pledged the active participation of the National Economic Council and the Department of Commerce in the studies. The Vice President agreed that the studies will lay the groundwork to reassess existing export controls.
"Today's agreement is a significant victory both for U.S. software companies and the future of the global information superhighway. U.S. software companies must be permitted to compete on a level playing field with foreign vendors who already provide security on software programs. High tech industries are indebted to Rep. Cantwell for her leadership in convincing the administration to adopt a new approach and potentially end the disruptive war on encryption policy."
BSA promotes the continued growth of the software industry through its international public policy, education, and enforcement programs in the U.S. and more than 55 other countries throughout North America, Asia, Europe, and South America. BSA represents the leading U.S. publishers of PC software including Aldus, Apple Computer, Autodesk, Intergraph, Lotus Development, Microsoft, Novell, and WordPerfect.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper
MI at GW&U6W_:A2N?I86=*

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:00:52
@_author: Tommy the Tourist (Anon User 
@_subject: X-signatures 
I see these postings with X-Signed headers... What program produces
those as opposed to begin and end PGP signed message?
Thanks in advance,
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-07-28 05:39:37
@_author: Tommy the Tourist (Anon User 
@_subject: What can one do for remail operators? 
I am interested in doing something to support the remailer operators
that put their necks on the line for us cypherpunks.
I have noticed people like Detweiler (dunno who he is) who are basically
awed by the fact that a remailer crashes when you send your VM swap
file through it, or people using it to do "nanny-nanny-boo-boo, you
can't catch me, so pween off" messages, et al.
I would like to something in support of these people who are noble
enough to keep things running even when EVERYONE it seems is out
to get them.
If I knew any around here, they would get a free beer, and if
the operator of Soda's remailer or Julf was in my area, they would get the whole keg ;).
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-06-17 02:31:05
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: "The Virtual Hand": Free-market Internet guide 
Didn't look like a spam to me. It looked like a very targeted ad
to a receptive audience. Cypherpunks contains, after all, a high
population of libertarians and free market types. All net advertising
is not bad.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-06-18 10:48:37
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: Another Cellular Victim 
No NSA equipment needed. A simple scanner and some software can be
used to track which cell you are in. They didn't have to triangulate
OJ's position or anything, they only needed to know which cell he was in,
and the direction he was traveling. The rest is simple.
(you can find such software on hack/phreak BBSes already. The only
personal information needed is the telephone # of the cell phone)
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-06-30 17:42:37
@_author: Anonymous User 
@_subject: Devil's advocate 
I am being a sort of devil's advocate here.  Please leave the flame
throwers at home.
I see an argument of "what do you need to protect so badly that Clipper
cannot work?  Are you doing something ILLEGAL?  Clipper works, and only
trusted law enforcement personell can use the keys, therefore there is
no risk here.".
It is hard to explain to some liberal friends of mine that "trusted law enforcement personell" could mean judges, policeman, friends
of policeman, etc.
Just blathering on, but I have not seen any real counters to this.
PS:  Is there something out there that can do a sort of Kerboros with
PGP?  Basically the two hosts would use IDEA and RSA for communicating
with each other, and normal TCP/IP for communicating with hosts
without this program.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-03-01 18:30:32
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: the nsa 
we of the cypherpunks mailing list certainly admire the nsa, perhaps more
than any other agency anywhere in the world.
because of this admiration, i would like to have a large, color jpeg of the
director of the nsa.  i will uuencode this and mail it to many many people.
could someone post such a jpeg to cypherpunks, or perhaps point me to where
i might find one, or point me to a book or magazine that would have one, so
i can scan it in?  it's ok if the image is a bit noisy.

@_date: 1994-03-01 18:49:49
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Insecurity of public key crypto #2 (reply to May) 
As many of you know, I believe such a protocol exists.  :-)
and as many of us believe, you're full of it...  and what about the
STS protocol that's been presented on the list before??  unless
you publish, no one has any good reason to believe you...

@_date: 1994-03-01 22:28:58
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: . 
Repeat after me:
Change is our friend.
We must embrace change.
Change is good.
We must lose our fear of change.

@_date: 1994-03-10 08:07:24
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: magstripes in $$ 
Someone worries about magnetic strips in U.S. currency...
Yeah.  I do too.
On a slightly related topic, I know of an instance where the
Secret Service located a stolen color copier with somewhat greater speed than one might have expected.
Is it possible that these machines either:
(1) contain transponders
(2) hide a "signature" in their output  ???

@_date: 1994-03-13 08:28:53
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Color Copiers 
rustman at netcom.com says...
   Canon CLC copiers.
The _event_ is not an urban legend.  (The signature hypothesis could be).  Check the Chattanooga papers (late '92 or early '93).  A copier was ...uh... relocated to a residence.  I doubt that the manufacturer was invited to make service calls.  The secret service was involved because of what was being copied.
It could just be that the SS (funny coincidence of initials) is very good at its job, but I wonder.

@_date: 1994-03-15 03:45:57
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
ECHOING ECU'S anyone? After a lecture on cosmology, William James was accosted by a little old lady. "Your theory that the sun is the center of the solar system, and the earth is a ball which rotates around it has a very convincing ring to it Mr. James, but it's wrong.  I've got a better theory," said the little old lady.
"And what is that madam?" inquired James politely.
"That we live on a crust of the earth which is on the back of a giant turtle."
Not wishing to demolish this absurd theory by bringing to bear the masses of scientific evidence he had at his command, James decided to gently dissuade his opponent by making her see some of the inadequacies of her position.
"If your theory is correct, madam," he asked, "what does the turtle stand on?"
"You're a very clever man, Mr. James, and that's a very good question," replied the little old lady, "but I have an answer to it.  And it is this:  the first turtle stands on the back of a second, far larger turtle, who stands directly under him."
"But what does this second turtle stand on?" persisted James patiently.
To this the little old lady crowed triumphantly.  It's no use, Mr. James--it's turtles all the way down."

@_date: 1994-03-22 14:31:00
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Stay focused on the big picture 
There has been hostility expressed on this list towards
Limbaugh, 700 Club, UWSA, NRA, etc., and the 10's of millions of
politically active supporters who could be allies in the anti-Clipper fight. In the interest of focusing attention on the big picture, I offer the following eloquent letter:

@_date: 1994-03-23 13:27:11
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Controlling the Internet 
[It shouldn't be too hard to figure out who "nobody" is:]
Blanc writes...
I think we agree philosophically.  Where we diverge is in our understanding
of things-as-they-are.  I contend that large companies, MS being one example, often enlist the government and its coercive powers in their
One issue where I think I've seen MS's hand is "intellectual property".
My concern about "intellectual property" is that MS and some others have
changed the terms of the debate ["property" is protected more than
"privilege"] and the law to further their own interests, to the detriment
of the rest of us.
We need to  reduce the power of government so that it cannot be enlisted in any company's service.
That said, I am following your advice:  With the exception of the
ubiquitous DOS/Windows operating systems, I've gotten rid of every MS product on my machines.  If OS/2 ever grows up [can handle a 14.4k faxmodem for example], I'll be MS free.
One example of why I'm ticked at SPA folks ...
I'm tired of this shit.
Now, imagine if SPA owned the internet....

@_date: 1994-03-28 06:02:24
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Communications Law 302 
Does anyone know what happened to the banks lovely sytem a while
back when New York account holders found out that withdrawls were
made twice on their accounts?
What happened, did someone actually get creditted with the
corresponding debits, or was this another case of an operator
putting up a tape twice?
As an aside, I remember an old wire from some years ago when
$58Million was held up by the US with co-operation of European
In case anyone is interested the following was the reult of the
legal wranglin'.  and is dated 11/93.  Forget Clipper, and check
out how else they're stickin it to ya.
In short they 'seized' data packets, at an intermediary remailer.
They have made information seizable **EGADS**
AN        PTS2096146
HL        U.S. WINS MAJOR VICTORY ON WIRE SEIZURES
DL        ESTIMATED INFORMATION UNITS: 4.7     WORDS: 569
DD        11/01/93
SO     *  Money Laundering Alert (MLAL)
          Alert International, Inc
          Vol. 5, No. 2
LP           When operatives of the Santacruz-Londono Cali drug
          cartel were arrested in June 1990 in Luxembourg, a           flurry of wire transfers flew from hundreds of cartel
          bank accounts in Europe.  Anticipating the transfers,           Luxembourg authorities asked other countries to freeze
          the money linked to those accounts
TX           Of the $58 million seized worldwide, $12 million was
          frozen in New York City banks which had served as           "intermediary banks" in the wire transfers. The role of
          those banks was to credit the accounts of certain           correspondent Colombian banks who would then notify the
          beneficiaries that the funds were available.
             The banks were instructed by DEA agents to attach
          all funds on deposit in the names of Cali cartel           associates, including "all related entities and           individuals," and to say which transfers were
          destined for beneficiaries in Colombia.
             Two groups of Colombian clothing exporters filed
          claims to about $6.5 million of the seized funds saying           the money was legitimately earned. They also sued the           New York banks for loss of use of their funds and for           violation of the Right to Financial Privacy Act and the
          Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA). Their
          suits against the banks were dismissed. After a two-month
          trial last year, the jury found that 18 of the 22
          accounts seized were forfeitable.
             Now, in a case of great importance to the emerging
          wire transfer battles between the government and the           movers of dirty money, the key federal appellate court
          which rules on issues arising from the New York financial
          center has given a resounding victory to the government.
             The Second Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that wire
          transfers that pass through intermediary banks can be           seized even without "alleging facts sufficient to show
          that specific property is tainted." All the government           must show are "facts sufficient to support a reasonable
          belief that (it) can demonstrate probable cause for
          finding the property tainted," the court said.
             By naming the intermediary banks and the
          beneficiaries, the U.S. described the property with           "reasonable particularity."  Moreover, the U.S. did not           need a warrant for the seizures because the law permits
          the Justice Department to seize property when it has
          "probable cause to believe" it is subject to civil           forfeiture, said the court.
             "Because the (transfers were) fungible and capable
          of rapid motion due to modern technology,...exigent           circumstances were present here," said the court,           dismissing the claimants' assertions that their
          constitutional rights had been violated.
             Likewise, there was no violation of the Right to
          Financial Privacy Act, said the court, because the           claimants did not maintain "accounts" at the banks.              The ECPA also provided no relief to the claimants because           that law deals with the use of "devices" to "intercept"           communications. Here, no devices were used and there was
          no interception, said the court.
             The court also ruled than an EFT at an intermediary
          bank is "clearly a seizable res (thing) under the forfeiture
          statutes" and that only a "nexus" and not a "substantial           connection" between seized property and illegal drug           activity must be shown by the government to
          show probable cause.
             The case has far-reaching implications since a
           majority of international wire transfers pass through            intermediary banks, many of them in New York.            (U.S. vs. Daccarett, Docket Nos. 92-6229 and 6259,
          2nd Cir. Ct of App., September 10, 1993).
             ---Richard M. Lucas, CPA, is a consultant for the
                          Philip Manuel
          Resource Group and a former IRS Special Agent.
             COPYRIGHT 1993 by Alert International, Inc.
I0607 * END OF DOCUMENT.

@_date: 1994-03-28 21:32:14
@_author: nobody@soda.berkeley.edu 
@_subject: Very funny, Polyanna 
Why, Grahamy, thanks so much for that mail!  I submitted my key to the
key servers over a year ago and this is the first piece I received.
And a juicy little message it was, too... you naughty boy!  But I'm
flattered, really.
Oh, and sorry about putting that key up and ruining all your plans.
But I'm sure it will all work out for the best.  These things always
do, you know!

@_date: 1994-05-06 02:24:35
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: router service needed 
respectfully i ask the person who wants mykotronx info to contact me.
thank you.
anon > /dev/null
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-05-09 21:30:58
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: Missed stuff 
Sorry to be a pain.  I just resubscribed after whatever it was that
happened that caused the massive unsubscription.
Anyway, I missed the start of the PGP 2.5 thread.  If someone archived
the messages between the unsubscription and now, I'd appreciate it
they'd get in touch with me so I can get a hold of them.  Well, except
for the Nalbandian message maybe :-)
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-05-11 11:26:16
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: Here they come... 
Date: Wed, 11 May 1994 13:20:30 -0400
    From: werner at mc.ab.com
    At my company, it is considered to be sexual harrassment if a female finds
    out that I have a pornographic gif on my computer, even if I never display
    it.  Apparently, just the knowledge that this material exists creates a
    "hostile" environment.
Even if it's a picture of two guys fucking?!
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-05-11 19:52:53
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: No Subject 
Date: Wed, 11 May 1994 14:09:13 -0800
    From: norm at netcom.com (Norman Hardy)
    There was a long article in April 11, 1994 Forbes: "AUCTIONING THE
    AIRWAYS", by George Gilder". It had a supprising amount of technical
    information about a new technology similar to spread spectrum. The article
    has a "too cheep to meter" flavor that I do not agree with but it does
    present some interesting information and ideas.
    It is about 43k bytes and is available via anonymous ftp at
    netcom.com:/pub/Silk/auction.txt
By all means, please triple or quadruple check any alleged `data'
coming from George Gilder.  No matter what you might think of Susan
Faludi, she has documented a tremendous amount of misrepresentation
and outright lying on the part of Mr. Gilder.  In *many* cases, very
simple follow up on his attributions reveals that he has his head
firmly wedged up his ass.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-05-12 08:26:34
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 available from Electronic Frontier Foundation ftp site 
From: mech at eff.org (Stanton McCandlish)
    Date: Wed, 11 May 1994 16:46:49 -0400 (EDT)
    Despite the patent & licensing issues being resolved, PGP is still
    not legally exportable from the United States (except to Canada),
    due to ITAR export restrictions which categorize cryptographic
    materials as weapons of war.  Thus, EFF can only make PGP and
    other crypto tools and source code available to US and Canadian
    nationals currently residing in the US or Canada and connecting to
    EFF's site from a US or Canadian site.
I was under the impression that NAFTA is the reason that Canada is
included.  Am I misinformed?  If NAFTA is the reason, isn't Mexico
equivalent to Canada in this context?  Could someone clarify this
aspect of the export situation, or perhaps point me at a document that
explains the situation?
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper
MI at CTWLQ

@_date: 1994-05-12 09:57:32
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: Mykotronx 
The latest Mykotronix dirt, pulled off of my source just last week.
Scattered information, but perhaps this can be assembled with the other information to create a better profile.
TELEDYNE SYSTEMS COMPANY
MYKOTRONX METROLOGY DEPT. 357 VANNESS WAY TORRANCE, CA
FIELD SERVICES METROLOGY CALIBRATION SERVICE SPER PROPOSAL MET $2,000.00  $2,000.00   5/2/93
1 LOT $2,000.00 PLEASE MAKE RECALL PERIOD ONE (1) YEAR FOR EACH ITEM UNLESS ADVISED BY MYKOTRONX, INC. ATTN: DEAN BURNGART
William H. Doy 1eTRWR2
20041 Space Park Redondo Beach, CA 90278 Bobby Daniels
Caremella Mestriannatot
Tim Hauersperger Bob Todd Rick Oberbbndorf Roger Brouwer Chris Curren Kathleen Fairley Rod Fujikawa Roger Brouwer Mike Furusawa Bill Greenfield Gerald Krause Russell Matsui Margaret McNeil Chris Curren Joe Heindl Jesse Mirilesie Landi Riley
Rod Fujikawa Glenn Higuchi
Scott Mobdderly
Rick Oberndorf
Wendy Goble
Jason Moku Sam Morrissette
Roy Usui
Paul Smith
Bob Todd
Mr. Ed Martin
AEROJET 1100 W Hollyvale Street Azusa, CA 91702 8403
Destruct Security Labels $106.78
One Hundred six dollars and 78/100***
Modern Data Richard Takahashi
Rob Ertgray
GERALD KRAUSE JAN DOLPHIN
SPY R US 2280 ZANKER ROAD, SUITE 207 SAN JOSE, CA 94135 6203
LITRONICK INDUSTRIES
2950 Redhill Ave.
Costa Mesa, CA 92626
FD70322040601 Myk-5 Ground Unit Serial Number s146 and l652EA $64,910 $93,820 10110111101 Acceptance Test Procedure/Test Report
Report 2EA BOB TO DDJ.LIACI210977-2356AFCSC/LMJYP
Kelly AFB
250 Hall Blvd, Suite 112 San Antonio, TX 78243-7061
Kelly AFB
250 Hall Blvd, Suite 112 San Antonio, TX MR JOHN WIMPY AFCSC/LMMLC
Building 2028, Room 208 San Antonio, TX 78243-5000
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
Elkridge Landing Road Linthicum, MD 21090-2902
Checkfree Corporation Problem Resolution Department
P.O. box 987 Columbus, OH 43216-0897
RALPH O'CONNELL 1401 Woodbridge Road Baltimore, MD 21228
3939 S. Figureora Street Los Angeles, CA 90037
Ms. Hazel M. Smith
Harris Corporation GISD
P.O. Box 98000 Melbourne, FL 32902
Mr. Vito DiGigilio
VLSI Technology, Inc.
634 Balboa Blvd., Suite 100
Encino, CA 91316
R. Takahashi
Mykotronx, Inc. 357 VanNess Way
uite 200 Torrance, CA 90501
Contract Administrator
210977-2821 306 Wakkanai St., Suite 1
San Antonio, TX 78243
Defense Investigative Service Industrial Security Field Office(S53LB)
Attention: Barry W. Hash
3605 Long Beach Blvd., Suite 405
Long Beach, CA 90807-4013
R. Todd Lee George 408 629-2880
938 Foothill Drive
San Francisco CA 95123
Franchise Tax Board P.0.Box 942840
Sacramento, CA 94240-000
John C. Droge 414 Sixth Street Hermosa Beach, CA 902540
Mr. Tom Black GLANTZ & BLACK 25043 Narbonne Avenue Lomita CA 90717 Maryland Procurement Office
7318 Parkway Drive South
Hanover, MD 21076
VLSI Technologies, Inc. 6345 Balboa Blvd. Bldg  Suite 100 Encino, CA 91316
Attn: Dr. Freeman
$75,000.00  4-14-93
Seventy-five thousand dollars and no/100 ****
Mykotronx, Inc. Payroll Account Mr. Tom Black
Glantz & Black 25043 Narbonne Avenue
Lomita, Ca 90717
14 April 1993
Dear Tom, Per your request attached has is a list of our sales from 1-1-93 through
3-13-93. I've marked the items as Government or Non-government. If you
have any questions or need additional information, please call me on
(310)533-8100. Sincerely, Patti
Maryland Procurement Office Attn: N22144(CEB)(MDA 904-92-G-0354/J.0.5001)
9800 Savage Road Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Cryptographic Support Center Logistics Management Branch
250 Hall Blvd., Ste 311
San Antonio, TX 78243-0760
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-05-14 09:25:30
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: possible anti-mandatory-clipper constitutional angle? 
Date: Sat, 14 May 1994 11:40:47 -0400 (EDT)
    From: rdmurray at keene.edu ("R. David Murray")
    Subject: possible anti-mandatory-clipper constitutional angle?
    A government mandante for key-escrow encryption in all
    communication devices would be the information-age equivalent of
    the government requiring private citizens to quarter troups in
    their home.
While I agree with you as to the analogy, a big part of me says "so
what?".  A major court decision or constitutional amendment that
effectively says that electronic info is equivalent to info on paper
would go a long way toward rationalizing the situation, but basically
there's almost no precedent at all for saying that any civil liberties
are protected in the electronic realm and there's a reasonable amount
of precedent in the other direction.
I suspect that you'd have a lot of trouble convincing the
technologically ignorant that something electronic could be at all
like quartering troops in your home.
A big problem in general is that "the information-age equivalent"
isn't something that most people can (or choose to) see.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper

@_date: 1994-05-14 09:49:08
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: Penet spoofing 
To: cypherpunks at toad.com
    From: jim at rand.org (Jim Gillogly)
    I don't know if there's an error msg if you try to send mail with
    the wrong password.
Yes, there is.
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper
LIC)?Y"CM!W4+'V9W at HPFU>1[-WCO

@_date: 1994-05-18 11:59:04
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 / PGP 2.6 
MIT comes out with version 2.5 and then TWO weeks later decides to scrap it and go with a new version. WTFO?  Something smells wrong here!  I say stick with 2.5 and don't upgrade to 2.6!
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 8 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper
:3 at 6;`,2S/8'$0\9OR

@_date: 1994-05-23 12:08:30
@_author: Tommy the Tourist 
@_subject: Personal message: Lady Ada 
To respond to the sender of this message, send mail to
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, starting your message with
the following 7 lines:
Response-Key: ideaclipper
