
@_date: 1997-07-08 06:26:07
@_author: Mismatched NFS IDs 
@_subject: Hoarding 
Or has anyone noticed that only libetrarians are getting steamed?
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-20 08:18:13
@_author: Mismatched NFS IDs 
@_subject: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? 
I think that depends on what people start adopting.  If you want
"geodesic" software, use Linux.  Pieces are there from every continent,
and all any business needs to do to have a driver and applications written
for any hardware is to release the spec.  It is flexible and upgradable
and 'out of control', and is developed on the internet.  Interestingly
enough, the only stego-crypto "device" I know of is the linux loop device.
There are some crypto plugins for MS, but nothing I know of will bury your
info encrypted with DES or IDEA in the lsbs of a .wav file.
The other interesting thing is that the bloatware is only possible BECAUSE
of Moore's law.  Windows really needs 16Mb, a big hard drive, and a fast
pentium, and it is nice that the price point (around $2k) of the new
machines are about right for each release of a new MS product.  But even
if cpu-memory power (and price per bit sent over the internet) keeps
doubling, the complexity of code is growing exponentially too.  Or was
growing - I think it has past the point where they can add code to the
blob and have it work.
If you are right, then there should be a shift from MS to Linux or
FreeBSD.  Especially if the Wabi32 or Wine projects succeed :).
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-22 00:35:12
@_author: Mismatched NFS IDs 
@_subject: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? 
The problem is that it wastes all those cycles until you hit enter (or OK)
and only then begins whatever arduous task, usually with a slowly moving
progress bar or dialog box.  What I really hate are the installs that are
going to take 15 minutes but insist that you don't do anything else while
it is copying files.  Unless you already started something in the
background which will happily run, but there is no shrink window widget.
That will probably all go away "RSN", but it will take something like a
web based process dispatch where you are filling in a form (maybe without
knowing it) and it is submitted to be dispatched to the least busy
processor in your network.  Plan 9 was trying to do something like this,
and the current SMP stuff at least attempts to do scheduling - we still
have this technology in a very mature state from mainframes and things
like vaxclusters.
But to go back to your comparison of lines v.s. nodes, the network and
busses are getting faster and the processors are two at about the same
rate, so both lines and nodes are getting cheaper, though not uniformly.
If lines become cheaper (in bits/sec/$) than nodes, we will have 10 CPU
boxes for 40 keyboard/display boxes, or some other appropriate ratio. Otherwise some combination of distributionware will become available so
you can run cpu intensive apps (e.g. spice electronic modeling) like DES
keyspace searches, though on your local net.  Even something like a
"batch" program for Windows NT, but the GUI paradigm makes clicking on Go a little difficult :).
There is another problem with software being purchased (or rented?) in the
model you describe.  It becomes cheaper to purchase it in bulk (e.g.  one
transaction giving access to a os and a library, and have the most used
components cached locally) than to go out and buy each piece as I need it. I have a toolbox in case I need to fix something.  If I had to drive to
store for each tool as I needed it, the sunk costs would then exceed the
price of the tool.  It would get worse if I tried to determine the best
price or best tool from among several stores.  I purchase one tool box
which handles 99.5% of the cases I am likely to see and have only one set
of sunk costs. E$ transactions have a very tiny transaction cost, but it is not zero, and
because it requires crypto it is noticable in CPU time and cycles.  If you
had to purchase 100 components to run Netscape (minimally the graphics,
http parsing, and a few other things first, then every time you clicked on
a new type of object), each having to be transacted and downloaded, it
would be worse than the existing bloatware.  Much like the cost of Email
is not zero, but a large amount is included in my monthly ISP payment
since the cost of tracking exceeds the cost of transmission.  A large
amount of software may eventually become a public good.  But as I may
occasionally need a special tool which is not in my box, I may want access
to special software or capacity.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-22 00:51:35
@_author: Mismatched NFS IDs 
@_subject: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? 
I took a look and everything I have seen can do stego, and some
encryption, but it is one file in one file.
I was not clear because the loop device can mount a filesystem, and
encrypt and/or stego an entire directory tree in one file transparently,
so I can mount my stego-crypto image on /home/me and do everything as I
normally would on an unencrypted partition.
I can do the same with CFS, but it doesn't do stego, and I don't know if
it is available for many platforms outside unix.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-22 23:26:02
@_author: Mismatched NFS IDs 
@_subject: Fight-each-other 
I think something more is going on, at least with the "conserative
movement", but I also watch National Empowerment Television :).
Grover Norquist has coined the term "The Leave-us-alone Coalition" that
simply wants the government out of everything they have no constitutional
authority to be in.  They perceive government as an intrinsic evil and the
only thing that should be done is to slay the dragon.  I would number
Eagle Forum and the Progress and Freedom Foundation in this group.
The other side (e.g. Concerned Women For America) wants to "tame" or turn
the dragon and assume they can make the power to kill and imprison work
for good when they are in control, and will even let Bill & Hillary run
things if they "will only save our kids from cyberporn".
The first group are deserting the Republican party as such in droves (look
for a Libertarian party pickup if the party avoids being too libertine). The Republican coalition is based on shrinking the power and cost of
government and the people they have proved to be ineffective or even
against shrinking government in practice.  Principled losses would be
welcomed over compromised victories, but even worse, they stand on
principle for two weeks, and when it looks like they are about to win, but
are getting a media barrage only inside the beltway, they cave in
suffering all the scars of battle without anything to show for it.  The
next (1998) election should be interesting. The CDA brought the differences into clear view.  I usually ask if they
would like Joycelyn Elders to decide what gets censored (Who do they think
Bill & Hillary would appoint?), or if the same courts that they say can't
tell up from down in their judicial abuse alerts will be able to decide on
whether an anti-abortion site is "indecent".
What I cannot understand is why people who spend a great deal of their
content cataloging abuses from all branches of government and otherwise
say it is too intrusive believe that in the instance of net censorship
that it will suddenly turn into a wise and beatific force when every other
bit of evidence would indicate otherwise. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---
